Acts passed in 1848, 11 & 12 Victoria, c.1 - c.133.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1848.
---

1. An act to facilitate the Completion, in certain Cases, of Public Works in Ireland.

2. An act for the better Prevention of Crime and Outrage in certain Parts of Ireland until the First Day of December One thousand eight hunded and forty-nine, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

3. An act to give further Time for making certain Railways.

4. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

5. An act to suspend for Five Years the Operation of certain Parts of an Act of the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty, for making further Provision for the Government of the New Zealand Islands; and to make other Provision in lieu thereof.

6. An act to make further Provision for One Year, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for the Carriage of Passengers by Sea to North America.

7. An act to amend an Act for consolidating the Queen's Bench, Fleet, and Marshalsea Prison, and for regulating the Queen's Prison.

8. An act to continue for Three Years the Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

9. An act to continue for Three Years the Stamp Duties granted by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting and managing the same.

10. An act for empowering certain Officers of the High Court of Chancery to administer Oaths and take Declarations and Affirmations.

11. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An act for the better Security of the Crown and Government of the United Kingdom.

13. An act for amending the Law for the leasing of Mines in Ireland.

14. An act for authorizing a Borough Police Superannuation Fund.

15. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

16. An act for raising the Sum of Seventeen millions nine hundred and forty-six thousand five hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

17. An act to amend the Act of the present Session to facilitate the Completion of Public Works in Ireland.

18. An act to remove certain Doubts as to the Law for the Trial of controverted Elections.

19. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine.

20. An act to authorize for One Year, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Removal of Aliens from the Realm.

21. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Insolvent Debtors in India.

22. An act for granting Relief to the Island of Tobago, and for aiding the Colonies of British Guiana and Trinidad in raising Money for the Promotion of Immigration of free Labourers.

23. An act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act to incorporate the Contributors for the Erection of a National Monument in Scotland to commemorate the Naval and Military Victories obtained during the late War.

24. An act for disfranchising the Freemen of the Borough of Great Yarmouth.

25. An act to extend the Powers given by former Acts for purchasing or hiring Land in connexion with or for the Use of Workhouses in Ireland; and for providing for the Burial of the Poor.

26. An act to remove Difficulties in the Appointment of Collectors of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland in certain Cases, and to remove Doubts as to the Jurisdiction of the Divisional Justices of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis relating to the Recovery of Poor Rates, and other Cases.

27. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands, in pursuance of the Third and also of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

28. An act to amend the Law of Imprisonment for Debt in Ireland, and to improve the Remedies for the Recovery of Debts and of the Possession of Tenements situate in Cities and Towns, in certain Cases.

29. An act to enable Persons having a Right to kill Hares in England and Wales to do so, by themselves or Persons authorized by them, without being required to take out a Game Certificate.

30. An act to enable all Persons having at present a Right to kill Hares in Scotland to do so themselves, or by Persons authorized by them, without being required to take out a Game Certificate.

31. An act to amend the Procedure in respect of Orders for the Removal of the Poor in England and Wales, and Appeals therefrom.

32. An act to facilitate the Collection of County Cess in Ireland.

33. An act to apply the Sum of Three Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

34. An act to amend certain Acts in force in Ireland in relation to Appeals from Decrees and Dismisses on Civil Bills in the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin.

35. An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend, and detain until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government.

36. An act for the Amendment of the Law of Entail in Scotland.

37. An act to amend the Law relative to the Assignment of Ecclesiastical Districts.

38. An act to authorize the West India Relief Commissioners to grant further Time for the Repayment of Monies advanced by them in certain Cases.

39. An act to facilitate the raising of Money by Corporate Bodies for building or repairing Prisons.

40. An act to alter the Mode of assessing the Funds leviable in the County of Inverness, for making and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges and other Works in the Highlands of Scotland.

41. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Ecclesiastical Unions and Divisions of Parishes in Ireland.

42. An act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to Persons charged with indictable Offences.

43. An act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders.

44. An act to protect Justices of the Peace from vexatious Actions for Acts done by them in execution of their Office.

45. An act to amend the Acts for facilitating the winding up the Affairs of Joint Stock Companies unable to meet their pecuniary Engagements; and also to facilitate the Dissolution and winding up of Joint Stock Companies and other Partnerships.

46. An act for the Removal of Defects in the Administration of Criminal Justice.

47. An act for the Protection and Relief of the destitute Poor evicted from their Dwellings in Ireland.

48. An act to facilitate the Sale of Incumbered Estates in Ireland.

49. An act for regulating the Sale of Beer and other Liquors on the Lord's Day.

50. An act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to remove the Colonnade in the Regent's Quadrant.

51. An act to provide additional Funds for Loans for Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland.

52. An act to explain the Acts for preventing the Destruction of the Breed of Salmon and Fish of the Salmon Kind.

53. An act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to make certain Alterations and Improvements in the Approaches to the Castle and Town of Windsor.

54. An act for incorporating the Commissioners of the Caledonian Canal, and for vesting the Crinan Canal in the said Commissioners.

55. An act for consolidating the Offices of Paymasters of Exchequer Bills and Paymaster of Civil Services with the Office of Paymaster General, and for making other Provisions in regard to the consolidated Offices.

56. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, to re-unite the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, and for the Government of Canada, as relates to the Use of the English Language in Instruments relating to the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada.

57. An act to enable Her Majesty to exchange the Advowson of the Vicarage of Stoneleigh in the County of Warwick for the Advowsons of the Rectory of Yoxall in the County of Stafford and the Perpetual Curacy of Hunningham in the County of Warwick.

58. An act to authorize for Ten Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Regulation of the Annuities and Premiums of the Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society.

59. An act for the more speedy Trial and Punishment of Juvenile Offenders in Ireland.

60. An act to alter the Duties payable upon the Importation of Spirits or Strong Waters.

61. An act to effect an Exchange of Ecclesiastical Patronage between Her Majesty and the Earl of Leicester, and for the Severance and Consolidation of certain Benefices in the Diocese of Norwich, and for other Ecclesiastical Purposes.

62. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

63. An act for promoting the Public Health.

64. An act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

65. An act to suspend until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

65. An act to continue to the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

67. An act for further continuing until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

68. An act for extending to Ireland an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act for better securing Trust Funds, and for the Relief of Trustees.

69. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Third, "for the more effectually punishing such Persons as shall by Violence obstruct the Freedom of Corn Markets and the Corn Trade, and who shall be guilty of other Offences therein mentioned, and for making Satisfaction to the Parties injured," as relates to the making of Satisfaction to the Parties injured; and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; and to repeal the Provisions of the Acts which give Remedies against any Hundreds or Baronies in Ireland in respect of Robbery.

70. An act for dispensing with the Evidence of the Proclamations on Fines levied in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster.

71. An act to continue to the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Her Majesty's Commission for building new Churches.

72. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland, and to amend the Provisions for the Payment of Special Constables.

73. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

74. An act to authorize the Lords of Council and Session to regulate the Rates or Dues of Registration to be charged by the Keepers of the Registers of Sasines, Reversions, &c. in Scotland.

75. An act to defray until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

76. An act to enable Archbishops and Bishops and other Persons in Ireland to compromise Suits touching their Rights of Patronage as to Ecclesiastical Benefices, in certain Cases.

77. An act to authorize the Application of Part of the unclaimed Money in the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in enlarging the Court House of the said Court.

78. An act for the further Amendment of the Administration of the Criminal Law.

79. An act to facilitate and simplify Procedure in the Court of Justiciary in Scotland.

80. An act to empower Lessees of Tithe Rent-charge in Ireland to deduct a Proportion of Poor Rate Poundage from Rent; and also to empower the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in Ireland to allow Sums paid for Poor Rate or County Cess, or Poundage deducted from Ecclesiastical Persons on account of Poor Rate, among the Deductions from the Valuation of Ecclesiastical Property directed to be made under an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His late Majesty, for the Purpose of a certain Tax thereby imposed upon such Property in Ireland.

81. An act for the further Regulation of Steam Navigation, and for limiting in certain Cases the Number of Passengers to be conveyed in Steam Vessels.

82. An act to amend the Law for the Formation of Districts for the Education of Infant Poor.

83. An act to confirm the Awards of Assessionable Manors Commissioners, and for other Purposes relating to the Duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster.

84. An act to amend the Acts for rendering effective the Service of the Chelsea and Greenwich Out-Pensioners, and to extend them to the Pensioners of the East India Company.

85. An act to continue to the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

86. An act to empower Commissioners of the Court of Bankruptcy to order the Release of Bankrupts from Prison in certain Cases.

87. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the First Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An act for consolidating and amending the Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate.

88. An act for farther regulating the Money Order Department of the Post Office.

89. An act to continue for Two Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to amend, an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An act to extend and render more effectual for Five Years an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the Fourth, to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty George the Third, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland.

90. An act to regulate the Times of Payment of Rates and Taxes by Parliamentary Electors.

91. An act to make Provision for the Payment of Parish Debts, the Audit of Parochial and Union Accounts, and the Allowance of certain Charges therein.

92. An act for the Protection and Improvement of the Salmon, Trout, and other Inland Fisheries of Ireland.

93. An act to confirm the Incorporation of certain Boroughs.

94. An act to regulate certain Offices in the Petty Bag in the High Court of Chancery, the Practice of the Common-Law Side of that Court, and the Enrolment Office of the said Court.

95. An act to carry into effect the Arrangements of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England for making better Provision for the Cure of Souls in the Parish of Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford and Diocese of Lichfield.

96. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts for limited Periods.

97. An act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation of Sugar, and to impose new Duties in lieu thereof.

98. An act to amend the Law for the Trial of Election Petitions.

99. An act to further extend the Provisions of the Act for the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons.

100. An act to permit the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar, Molasses, and Treacle in the United Kingdom.

101. An act to provide for the Expenses of erecting and maintaining Lock-up Houses on the Borders of Counties.

102. An act to enlarge the Powers of an Act empowering the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields; to facilitate the raising of Monies authorized to be raised by the said Commissioners for Metropolitan Improvements; and to regulate and simplify the Mode of keeping the Accounts of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods.

103. An act to authorize the Application of a Sum of Money out of the forfeited and unclaimed Army Prize Fund in purchasing the Site of the Royal Military Asylum, and in improving such Asylum.

104. An act for amending the Act for regulating the Prison at Millbank.

105. An act to prohibit the Importation of Sheep, Cattle, or other Animals, for the Purpose of preventing the Introduction of contagious or infectious Disorders.

106. An act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty, for rendering valid certain Proceedings for the Relief of Distress in Ireland by Employment of the Labouring Poor, and to indemnify those who have acted in such Proceedings.

107. An act to prevent, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals.

108. An act for enabling Her Majesty to establish and maintain Diplomatic Relations with the Sovereign of the Roman States.

109. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners or England and Wales.

110. An act to alter the Provisions relating to the Charges for the Relief of the Poor in Unions.

111. An act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty, for amending the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor.

112. An act to consolidate, and continue in force for Two Years and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Metropolitan Commissions of Sewers.

113. An act for the further Amendment of the Acts relating to the Dublin Police.

114. An act to prevent District Auditors from taking Proceedings in certain Cases.

115. An act to vest in Her Majesty the Property of the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Institution, and to dissolve the said Institution.

116. An act for carrying into effect the Treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of the Equator for the Abolition of the Traffic in Slaves.

117. An act for rendering certain Newspapers published in the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man liable to Postage.

118. An act to explain and amend the Law as to the Licence required for the letting of Post Horses to Hire in Ireland, and the Law respecting Proceedings for Duties and Penalties under the Post Horse, Stage, and Hackney Carriage Acts in the United Kingdom.

119. An act to simplify the Forms of Certificates under the Act authorizing the Advance of Money for the Improvement of Land by Drainage in Great Britain.

120. An act to facilitate the Transfer of Landed Property in Ireland.

121. An act to alter the Laws and Regulations of Excise respecting the Survey of Dealers in and Retailers of Spirits, and respecting the Sale and Removal of Spirits by Permit from the Stock of such Traders; and respecting the Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures recovered under the Laws of Excise.

122. An act to amend the Laws respecting the Warehousing of British Spirits in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, and to permit Spirits made from Malt only, and Spirits made from Malt and other Grain, and Rectified Spirits, to be exported on Drawback from any Part of the United Kingdom; and respecting certain Spirit Mixtures, and the Removal of Goods subject to Excise Regulations from Customs Warehouse.

122. An act to renew and amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty, for the more speedy Removal of certain Nuisances, and the Prevention of contagious and epidemic Diseases.

124. An act to amend an Act of the last Session, for varying the Priorities of the Charges made on "The London Bridge Approaches Fund," and to facilitate the Completion of certain Improvements in the City of Westminster.

125. An act for raising the Sum of Two Millions by Exchequer Bills or by the Creation of Annuities, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

126. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

127. An act to reduce the Duties on Copper and Lead.

128. An act for carrying into effect the Agreement between Her Majesty and the Imaum of Muscat for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade.

129. An act for amending an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty for making preliminary Inquiries in certain Cases of Applications for Local Acts.

130. An act for guaranteeing the Interest on such Loans, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, as may be raised by the British Colonies on the Continent of South America, in the West Indies, and the Mauritius, for certain Purposes.

131. An act to amend, and continue until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act to make Provision for the Treatment of poor Persons afflicted with Fever in Ireland.

132. An act for the Appointment of additional Taxing Masters for the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to regulate the Appointment of the Principal Assistants to the Masters in the Superior Courts of Law in Ireland.

133. An act to amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland.

