Acts passed in 1849, 12 & 13 Victoria, c.1 - c.111.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1849.
---

1. An act to consolidate the Boards of Excise and Stamps and Taxes into One Board of Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and to make Provision for the Collection of such Revenue.

2. An act to continue, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, an Act of the last Session, for empowering the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government.

3. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine.

4. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Appointment of Vice Guardians of Unions in Ireland.

5. An act to authorize an Advance of Money for the Relief of certain distressed Poor Law Unions in Ireland.

6. An act to repeal an Act of the Twenty-first Year of George the Second, for holding the Summer Assizes at Buckingham; and to authorize the Appointment of a more convenient Place for holding the same.

7. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of the Fourth Annual General Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

8. An act to remove Doubts as to the Appointment of Overseers in Cities and Boroughs.

9. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

10. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An act to amend the Laws in England and Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith.

12. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

13. An act to provide a more effectual Regulation and Control over the Maintenance of poor Persons in Houses not being the Workhouses of any Union or Parish.

14. An act to enable Overseers of the Poor and Surveyors of the Highways to recover the Costs of distraining for Rates.

15. An act to amend an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, for the Recovery of small Sums due for Wages in Ireland.

16. An act to protect Justices of the Peace in Ireland from vexatious Actions for Acts done by them in the Execution of their Office.

17. An act to continue for Five Years so much of an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty as enables Justices to grant Warrants for entering Places in which Spirits are sold without Licence in Ireland.

18. An act for the holding of Petty Sessions of the Peace in Boroughs, and for providing Places for the holding of such Petty Sessions in Counties and Boroughs.

19. An act to make perpetual an Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her present Majesty, for authorizing the Removal of Prisoners from the several Gaols in Ireland in Cases of Epidemic Diseases.

20. An act for raising the Sum of Seventeen millions seven hundred and eighty-six thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine.

21. An act to confirm certain Acts of the Legislature of Newfoundland respecting the rebuilding of the Town of Saint John's, Newfoundland, and to enable the said Legislature to make other Provisions respecting the rebuilding of the said Town.

22. An act to remove Doubts concerning the Validity of certain Grants of Land in the Colony of New South Wales.

23. An act to authorize further Advances of Money for the Improvement of Landed Property, and the Extension and Promotion of Drainage and other Works of public Utility, in Ireland.

24. An act to make Provision, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty, for a General Rate in Aid of certain distressed Unions and Electoral Divisions in Ireland.

25. An act for giving effect to the Stipulations of a Treaty between Her Majesty and the Queen of Portugal for the Apprehension of certain Deserters.

26. An act for granting Relief against Defects in Leases made under Powers of Leasing in certain Cases.

27. An act to remove Doubts concerning the Transportation of Offenders under Judgment of Death to whom Mercy may be extended in Ireland.

28. An act to enable the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to regulate and manage the Markets held at Greenwich in the County of Kent.

29. An act to amend the Laws in force for the Encouragement of British Shipping and Navigation.

30. An act for the better Preservation of Sheep, and more speedy Detection of Receivers of stolen Sheep, in Ireland.

31. An act for requiring the Transmission of the annual Abstracts and Statements of Trustees of Turnpike Roads and Bridges in Scotland to the Secretary of State to be laid before Parliament.

32. An act to continue to the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one certain temporary Provisions relating to the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland.

33. An act for regulating the Carriage of Passengers in Merchant Vessels.

34. An act to amend an Act regulating the Justice of the Peace Small Debt Courts in Scotland.

35. An act for requiring annual Returns of the Expenditure on Highways in England and Wales to be transmitted to the Secretary of State, and afterwards laid before Parliament.

36. An act to make Provision, during the present Year, and to the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, relating to the Collection of County Cess in Ireland, and to the Remuneration of the Collectors thereof.

37. An act to continue to the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

38. An act to continue for Five Years an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Assaults in Ireland.

39. An act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

40. An act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

41. An act to extend an Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of King George the Third, for providing for a new Silver Coinage, and for regulating the Currency of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm.

42. An act to provide for the Execution for One Year of the Office of Sheriff in the County of Westmoreland.

43. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and for regulating in such Service the Payment of Regimental Debts and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in the Service.

44. An act to apply the Sum of Three Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine.

45. An act to amend the Procedure in Courts of General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace in England and Wales, and for the better Advancement of Justice in Cases within the Jurisdiction of those Courts.

46. An act to facilitate the Union of Turnpike Trusts.

47. An act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

48. An act to provide for the Administration of Justice in Vancouver's Island.

49. An act to extend and explain the Provisions of the Acts for the granting of Sites for Schools.

50. An act for further amending the Laws relating to Sewers.

51. An act for the better Protection of the Property of Pupils, absent Persons, and Persons under Mental Incapacity in Scotland.

52. An act to suspend, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

53. An act for consolidating and amending several of the Laws relating to Attornies and Solicitors in Ireland.

54. An act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

55. An act to abolish the Gaol of Newgate in the County of the City of Dublin, and provide Compensation for the Officers thereof, and to enable the Grand Jury of the County of the said City to increase the Salaries of the Chaplains of certain other Gaols thereof, and to re-assess on the County of the said City certain Arrears of Grand Jury Cess.

56. An act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty for amending the Law relative to Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

57. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

58. An act to extend to the Officers of Inland Revenue the Privilege of becoming Members of the Excise Benevolent Fund Society.

59. An act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, for facilitating the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

60. An act further to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty, for rendering valid certain Proceedings for the Relief of Distress in Ireland, by Employment of the Labouring Poor, and to indemnify those who have acted in such Proceedings.

61. An act to continue, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

62. An act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company.

63. An act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the Relief of certain distressed Poor Law Unions in Ireland.

64. An act to remove Doubts as to the Authority of Justices of the Peace to act in certain Matters relating to the Poor in Cities and Boroughs.

65. An act to provide a more convenient Mode of levying and collecting County Rates, County Police Rates, and District Police Rates in Parishes situated partly within and partly without the Limits of Boroughs which are not liable to such Rates.

66. An act for enabling Colonial Legislatures to establish Inland Posts.

67. An act to extend the Remedies of Sequestrators of Ecclesiastical Benefices.

68. An act for facilitating the Marriage of British Subjects resident in Foreign Countries.

69. An act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions in Ireland with respect to Persons charged with Indictable Offences.

70. An act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, with respect to Summary Convictions and Orders.

71. An act to dissolve Regimental Benefit Societies, and to provide for the Application of the Funds of such Societies, and of Regimental Charitable Funds.

72. An act further to amend the Acts relating to the Offices of the House of Commons.

73. An act to limit the Enlistment in the Artillery and other Ordnance Corps.

74. An act for the further Relief of Trustees.

75. An act to defray until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

76. An act to protect Women from fraudulent Practices for procuring their Defilement.

77. An act further to facilitate the Sale and Transfer of Incumbered Estates in Ireland.

78. An act for the more effectual Taxation of Costs on Private Bills in the House of Lords, and to facilitate the Taxation of other Costs on Private Bills in certain Cases.

79. An act to facilitate the Execution of Conveyances and other Instruments by or on behalf of the New Zealand Company in New Zealand.

80. An act to repeal the Allowances on the Purchase of Stamps and for the receiving and accounting for the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate, and to grant other Allowances in lieu thereof.

81. An act to authorise Her Majesty to issue a Commission to inquire into and report upon Rights or Claims over the New Forest in the County of Southampton and Waltham Forest in the County of Essex.

82. An act to relieve Boroughs, in certain Cases, from Contribution to certain Descriptions of County Expenditure.

83. An act further to facilitate the Inclosure of Commons, and the Improvement of Commons and other Lands.

84. An act for carrying into effect Engagements between Her Majesty and certain Arabian Chiefs in the Persian Gulf for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade.

85. An act to amend an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, so far as relates to the Borough of Dublin.

86. An act to provide additional Funds for Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners for building Work-houses in Ireland.

87. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain for limited Periods, and to make certain Provisions respecting Turnpike Roads in England.

88. An act to amend the Laws relating to Pilotage.

89. An act to reduce the Number of Signatures required to Instruments issued by the Lords of the Treasury.

90. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

91. An act to provide for the Collection of Rates in the City of Dublin.

92. An act for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.

93. An act to amend the Metropolitan Sewers Act.

94. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health, and for other Matters relative to the Public Health and the Improvement of Towns and populous Places.

95. An act to amend the Law concerning Judgments in Ireland.

96. An act to provide for the Prosecution and Trial in Her Majesty's Colonies of Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty.

97. An act for the Improvement of the City of Dublin.

98. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

99. An act to encourage Endowment of Chapels of Ease, and facilitate Assignment of Pastoral Districts thereto; and to amend an Act of the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty for Marriages in Ireland, and for registering such Marriages.

100. An act to promote the Advance of private Money for Drainage of Lands in Great Britain and Ireland.

101. An act to amend the Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England, and to abolish certain Inferior Courts of Record.

102. An act to authorize the Sale of the Royal Pavilion at Brighton, and the Grounds thereof; and to apply the Money arising from such Sale.

103. An act to continue an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

104. An act to amend the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

105. An act for converting the renewable Leasehold Tenure of Lands in Ireland into a Tenure in Fee.

106. An act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

107. An act for the Amendment of the Law of Bankruptcy in Ireland.

108. An act to amend the Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Act, 1848.

109. An act to amend an Act to regulate certain Offices in the Petty Bag in the High Court of Chancery, the Practice of the Common-Law Side of that Court, and the Enrolment Office of the said Court.

110. An act for suspending, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Operation of an Act passed this Session, intituled An act for granting Relief against Defects in Leases made under Powers of Leasing in certain Cases.

111. An act to amend the Nuisances Removal and Diseases Prevention Act, 1848.

