Acts passed in 1853, 16 & 17 Victoria c.1 - c.137.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1853.
---

1. An Act to make Provision concerning Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes payable in the Metropolis on the Day appointed for the Funeral of Arthur late Duke of Wellington.

2. An Act to amend an Act of the First Year of King George the Fourth for the further Prevention of forging and counterfeiting Bank Notes.

3. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosurc Commissioners for England and Wales.

4. An Act to amend an Act for guaranteeing the Interest on such Loans, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, as may be raised by the British Colonies on the Continent of South America, in the West Indies, and the Mauritius, for certain Purposes.

5. An Act to substitute Stamp Duties for Fees on passing Letters Patent for Inventions, and to provide for the Purchase for the public Use of certain Indexes of Specifications.

6. An Act to apply the Sum of Two Millions to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three.

7. An Act to amend an Act relating to the Valuation of rateable Property in Ireland.

8. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to dispose of certain Property in the City of London.

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

10. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

11. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

12. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three.

13. An Act to revive certain temporary Provisions relating to the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland.

14. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

15. An Act to limit the Time of taking the Poll in Counties at contested Elections for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament in England and Wales to One Day.

16. An Act for carrying into effect the Engagement between Her Majesty and Syed Syf bin Hamood, the Chief of Sohar, in Arabia, for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade.

17. An Act for carrying into effect the Treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of New Granada for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

18. An Act to authorize Advances out of the Consolidated Fund to discharge Monies borrowed on the Security of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the Purpose of Metropolitan Improvements, and providing for the Payment of such Advances and of certain Monies charged on the London Bridge Approaches Fund.

19. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty (New Forest Deer Removal), as regards the Publication of Claims and the preferring and delivering Objections thereto.

20. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty for amending the Law of Evidence in Scotland.

21. An Act to authorize the Legislature of the Province of Canada to make Provision concerning the Clergy Reserves in that Province, and the Proceeds thereof.

22. An Act for making further Provision for the Execution of the Office of Examiner of the High Court of Chancery.

23. An Act for redeeming or commuting the Annuity payable to the South Sea Company, and certain Annuities of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for creating new Annuities of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and issuing Exchequer Bonds.

24. An Act to confirm and extend certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health for the Towns of Wakefield, Elland, Wallasey, Dudley, Barnsley, Dorchester, and Welshpool.

25. An Act for raising the Sum of Seventeen millions seven hundred and forty-two thousand five hundred Eounds by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three.

26. An Act to provide for the supplying of Vacancies in Town Councils of Burghs in Scotland consequent on null or irregular Elections.

27. An Act for empowering the Sheriff and Commissary of Berwickshire to hold Courts at Dunse, and for other Purposes.

28. An Act to amend the Law as to taking the Poll at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Scotland.

29. An Act for regulating the Weights used in Sales of Bullion.

30. An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of aggravated Assaults upon Women and Children, and for preventing Delay and Expense in the Administration of certain Parts of the Criminal Law.

31. An Act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three.

32. An Act to make further Provision for staying Execution of Judgment for Misdemeanors upon giving Bail in Error.

33. An Act for the better Regulation of Metropolitan Stage and Hackney Carriages, and for prohibiting the Use of advertising Vehicles.

34. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

35. An Act to make Provision concerning the future Regulation of certain Appointments connected with Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and concerning Certain of the Estates of the Deans and Chapters of York and Carlisle.

36. An Act for disafforesting the Forest of Whichwood.

37. An Act to impose additional Duties on Spirits in Scotland and Ireland; and to alter the Countervailing Duties on Spirits the Manufacture of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, imported into Scotland or Ireland, and the Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on the Removal of certain Mixtures and Compounds between Scotland, Ireland, and England respectively; and to amend the Laws relating to the collecting and securing the Duties of Excise upon Spirits.

38. An Act to extend the Remedies for the Compensation of malicious Injuries to Property in Ireland.

39. An Act to repeal the Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks of Excise on Soap.

40. An Act for altering the Mode of Repayment of Advances by the Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Public Health Act, 1848, and other Acts.

41. An Act for making further Provisions with respect to Common Lodging Houses.

42. An Act for disafforesting the Forest of Whittlewood otherwise Whittlebury.

43. An Act for enabling the Justices of Counties to contract in certain Cases for the Maintenance and Confinement of convicted Prisoners in the Gaols of adjoining Counties.

44. An Act to enlarge and extend the Powers of an Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to complete Improvements in Pimlico, and in the Neighbourhood of Buckingham Palace.

45. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws and to grant additional Facilities in relation to the Purchase of Government Annuities through the Medium of Savings Banks, and to make other Provisions in respect thereof.

46. An Act to transfer Westminster Bridge and the Estates of "The Commissioners of Westminster Bridge" to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings; and to enable such last-mentioned Commissioners to remove the present Bridge, and to build a new Bridge on or near the Site thereof.

47. An Act to provide for the Purchase and Extinguishment of all Rights of Common and Lammas and other Commonable Rights over the Site of Battersea Park in the County of Surrey.

48. An Act for the Punishment of Offences in the Colonies in relation to the Coin.

49. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Colonial and other Bishops to perform certain Episcopal Functions, under Commission from Bishops of England and Ireland.

50. An Act to effect Exchange of Patronage by Archbishops, Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Corporations.

51. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Succession to Property, and for altering certain Provisions of the Acts charging Duties on Legacies and Scares of Persoual Estates.

52. An Act to extend the Time for constructing a new Street from Spiialfietds to Shoreditch, and to amend the Acts relating thereto.

53. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankruptcy in Scotland.

54. An Act to alter certain Duties of Customs.

55. An Act to make better Provision for the efficient Discharge of the Duties of the Taxing Officer in and for the Common Law Business in Ireland.

56. An Act to facilitate the Redemption of certain Charges on the Hereditary Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to make other Provisions in regard to the Management of such Hereditary Possessions and Land Revenues.

57. An Act to explain and amend the Copyhold Acts.

58. An Act to authorize the Appointment of Barristers for the Purpose of effecting a complete annual Revision of Lists and Registry of Voters for the City of Dublin, and to remove Doubts as to the Rate Books for the Purposes of such Registry.

59. An Act to repeal certain Stamp Duties, and to grant others in lieu thereof, to amend the Laws relating to Stamp Duties, and to make perpetual certain Stamp Duties in Ireland.

60. An Act to amend the Acts regulating the Salaries of Resident Magistrates in Ireland.

61. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls.

61. An Act to extend and continue an Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty, to prevent the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals.

63. An Act to repeal certain Stamp Duties, and to grant others in lieu thereof, to give Relief with respect to the Stamp Duties on Newspapers and Supplements thereto, to repeal the Duty on Advertisements, and otherwise to amend the Laws relating to Stamp Duties.

64. An Act for continuing and amending the Act for facilitating the Sale and Transfer of Incumbered Estates in Ireland.

65. An Act to amend the Acts for the Regulation of Parish Vestries.

66. An Act to continue an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

67. An Act for the better Regulation of Public Houses in Scotland.

68. An Act to limit the Time for proceeding to Election in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, and for Polling at Elections for the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and for other Purposes.

69. An Act to make better Provision concerning the Entry and Service of Seamen, and otherwise to amend the Laws concerning Her Majesty's Navy.

70. An Act for the Regulation of Proceedings under Commissions of Lunacy, and the Consolidation and Amendment of the Acts respecting Lunatics so found by Inquisition, and their Estates.

71. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Stamp Duties upon Newspapers.

72. An Act to continue an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her present Majesty, for the better Prevention of Crime and Outrage in certain Parts of Ireland.

73. An Act for the Establishment of a Body of Naval Coast Volunteers, and for the temporary Transfer to the Navy, in case of Need, of Seafaring Men employed in other Public Services.

74. An Act to reduce the Terms on which the Land Tax in Great Britain may be redeemed or purchased.

75. An Act for the Remission of the Consolidated Annuities charged upon Districts in Ireland.

76. An Act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

77. An Act to continue an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund.

78. An Act relating to the Appointment of Persons to administer Oaths in Chancery, and to Affidavits made for Purposes connected with Registration.

79. An Act for making sundry Provisions with respect to Municipal Corporations in England.

80. An Act to facilitate Procedure in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

81. An Act to reduce the Salary and Emoluments of the Registrar of Meetings of the Court of Bankruptcy.

82. An Act to provide for the future Regulation and Management and the permanent Endowment of "The College of Christ of Brecknock," founded by King Henry the Eighth, with permissive Powers to unite the same with Saint David's College.

83. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-nine.

84. An Act to amend the Passengers Act, 1852, so far as relates to the Passages of Natives of Asia or Africa, and also Passages between the Island of Ceylon and certain Parts of the East Indies.

85. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Powers of the Registrar of Her Majesty's Privy Council to administer Oaths, and for providing for the Performance of the Duties of such Registrar in his Absence.

86. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Rights of the liberated Africans in Sierra Leone.

87. An Act to give to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings extended Time and further Powers for completing the Embankment of the River Thames between Vauxhall and Battersea Bridges, and a new Street from Lower Sloane Street in connexion therewith.

88. An Act to repeal the Duties payable in respect of Horses let for Hire, and to grant new Duties on Licences to let Horses for Hire.

89. An Act to regulate the Admission of Professors to the Lay Chairs in the Universities of Scotland.

90. An Act to repeal certain Duties of Assessed Taxes, and to grant other Duties of the same Description; and to amend the Laws relating to the Application of the Monies arising from the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

91. An Act to extend for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of Income Tax in respect of Insurances on Lives.

92. An Act to diminish the Number of Sheriffs in Scotland, and to Unite certain Counties in Scotland in so far as regards the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff.

93. An Act to enable Burghs in Scotland to maintain and improve their Harbours.

94. An Act to extend the Benefits of the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, for the Amendment of the Law of Entail in Scotland.

95. An Act to provide for the Government of India.

96. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of Her Majesty, "for the Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics."

97. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Provision and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums for Counties and Boroughs, and for the Maintenance and Care of Pauper Lunatics, in England.

98. An Act for the further Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.

99. An Act to substitute, in certain Cases, other Punishment in lieu of Transportation.

100. An Act further to extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination.

101. An Act to extend the Public Libraries Act, 1850, to Ireland and Scotland.

102. An Act to prevent the defacing of the current Coin of the Realm.

103. An Act to amend and continue certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland.

104. An Act further to regulate the Employment of Children in Factories.

105. An Act to continue the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

106. An Act for consolidating Customs Duties Acts.

107. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Customs of the United Kingdom and of the Isle of Man, and certain Laws relating to Trade and Navigation and the British Possessions.

108. An Act for further continuing certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

109. An Act to continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

110. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament

111. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

112. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Hackney and Stage Carriages, also Job Carriages and Horses, and Carts let for Hire, within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

113. An Act to amend the Procedure in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

114. An Act to extend the Municipal Boundaries of the Borough of Belfast, and to reduce the Scale of rating upon certain Property within the said Borough.

115. An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Patent Law Amendment Act, 1852, in respect of the Transmission of certified Copies of Letters Patent and Specifications to certain Offices in Edinburgh and Dublin, and otherwise to amend the said Act.

116. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

117. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax in Great Britain.

118. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of Her Majesty, for the better Apprehension of certain Offenders.

119. An Act for the Suppression of Betting Houses.

120. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

121. An Act for providing Places of Confinement in England or Wales for Female Offenders under Sentence or Order of Transportation.

122. An Act to render valid certain Marriages in the Church of the Holy Trinity in the Township of Hulme and Parish of Manchester in the County of Lancaster.

122. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Investments of Friendly Societies.

124. An Act to continue Appointments under the Act for consolidating the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and for completing Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts.

125. An Act to continue and amend the Metropolitan Sewers Acts.

126. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health for Accrington, Bangor, and Uxbridge, and to provide for conducting the First Election of a Local Board of Health at Elland.

127. An Act to reduce the Duties payable in respect of Hackney Carriages used in the Metropolis, and to amend the Laws relating to the granting of Licences and Payment of Duties in respect of Metropolitan Stage and Hackney Carriages, and to make Provision as to the Charge for the Hire of Hackney Carriages in certain Cases.

128. An Act to abate the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in the Metropolis and from Steam Vessels above London Bridge.

129. An Act further to amend the Law relating to Pilotage.

130. An Act to amend the Acts for promoting the Drainage of Lands and Improvements in connexion therewith in Ireland.

131. An Act to amend various Laws relating to Merchant Shipping.

132. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the present Session for redeeming or commuting the Annuity payable to the South Sea Company and certain Annuities of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to provide for Payments to be made under the said Act.

133. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom, and to amend the Law in relation to the Militia in England.

134. An Act to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in England beyond the Limits of the Metropolis, and to amend the Act concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis.

135. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to make further Provisions concerning Turnpike Roads in England.

136. An Act for enabling Grand Juries in Ireland to borrow Money from private Sources, on the Security of Presentment, and for transferring to Counties certain Works constructed wholly or in part with Public Money.

137. An Act for the better Administration of Charitable Trusts.

