Acts passed in 1855, 18 & 19 Victoria c.1 - c.134.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1855.
---

1. An act to enable Her Majesty to accept the Services of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War.

2. An act to permit Foreigners to be enlisted and to serve as Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Forces.

3. An act to carry into effect a Treaty between Her Majesty and the United States of America.

4. An act to amend the Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Army.

5. An act to apply the Sum of Three millions three hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five.

6. An act to apply the Sum of Twenty Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five.

7. An act to extend to Ireland the Provisions of the Eighteenth Section of the Common Law Procedure Act, 1854.

8. An act for raising the Sum of Seventeen millions one hundred and eighty-three thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills fgr the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five.

9. An act to suspend the Decline of the Customs Duties on Tea from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five.

10. An act to enable a Third Principal Secretary and a Third Under Secretary of State to sit in the House of Commons.

11. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

13. An act to explain and amend the Lunacy Regulation Act, 1853.

14. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

15. An act for the better Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Crown Debts, Cases of Lis pendens, and Life Annuities or Rentcharges.

16. An act to authorize the letting Parts of the Royal Forests of Dean and Woolmer, and certain other Parts of the Hereditary Possessions of the Crown.

17. An act to carry into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of Sardinia.

18. An act for raising the Sum of Sixteen Millions by way of Annuities.

19. An act to remove Doubts as to the Commissions of Officers of Militia in Ireland who have omitted to deliver unto the Clerk of the Peace Descriptions of their Qualifications, and to indemnify them against the Consequences of such Omission, and to amend the Law relating to the Militia in Ireland.

20. An act for granting to Her Majesty an increased Rate of Duty on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

21. An act for granting certain Duties of Customs on Tea, Coffee, Sugar, and other Articles.

22. An act for granting certain additional Rates and Duties of Excise.

23. An act to alter in certain respects the Law of Intestate Moveable Succession in Scotland.

24. An act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, for amending the Representation of the People in Scotland, in so far as relates to the Procedure in County Elections in that Country.

25. An act to allow Affirmations or Declarations to be made instead of Oaths in certain Cases in Scotland.

26. An act to continue an Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty, for enabling the Judges of the Courts of Common Law at Westminster to alter the Forms of Pleading.

27. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties on Newspapers, and to provide for the Transmission by Post of printed periodical Publications.

28. An act to provide that the Property or Income Tax payable in respect of the Income from Ecclesiastical Property in Ireland shall be a Deduction in estimating the Value of such Property for the Purpose of Taxation by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

29. An act to make further Provision for the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland.

30. An act to empower the Commissioners of Sewers to expend on House Drainage a certain Sum out of the Monies borrowed by them on Security of the Rates, and also to give to the said Commissioners certain other Powers for the same Purpose.

31. An act to confirm the Incorporation of the Borough of Brighton.

32. An act to amend and extend the Jurisdiction of the Stannary Court.

33. An act to prevent Doubts as to the Validity of certain Proceedings in the House of Commons.

34. An act to provide for the Education of Children in the Receipt of Out-door Relief.

35. An act to continue the Act for extending for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of Income Tax in respect of Insurance on Lives.

36. An act to repeal the Stamp Duties payable on Matriculation and Degrees in the University of Oxford.

37. An act to apply the Sum of Ten Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five.

38. An act to allow Spirit of Wine to be used Duty-free in the Arts and Manufactures of the United Kingdom.

39. An act to facilitate Grants of Lands and Tenements for the Purpose of Religious Worship and other Purposes connected therewith.

40. An act for further promoting the Establishment of free Public Libraries and Museums in Ireland.

41. An act for abolishing the Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts of England and Wales in Suits for Defamation.

42. An act to enable British Diplomatic and Consular Agents Abroad to administer Oaths and do Notarial Acts.

43. An act to enable Infants, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to make binding Settlements of their Real and Personal Estate on Marriage.

44. An act to amend an Act of last Session, to provide for the Establishment of a National Gallery of Paintings, Sculpture, and the Fine Arts, for the Care of a Public Library, and the Erection of a Public Museum, in Dublin.

45. An act for further assimilating the Practice in the County Palatine of Lancaster to that of other Counties with respect to the Trial of Issues from the Superior Courts at Westminster.

46. An act for disafforesting the Forest of Woolmer.

47. An act to continue an Act of the Eighteenth Year of Her present Majesty, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund.

48. An act for the better Administration of Justice in the Cinque Ports.

49. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

50. An act to amend the Provisions of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland) Act, 1850.

51. An act to continue the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

52. An act to continue Appointments under the Act for consolidating the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and for completing Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts.

53. An act to relieve the East India Company from the Obligation to maintain the College at Haileybury.

54. An act to enable Her Majesty to assent to a Bill, as amended, of the Legislature of New South Wales, "to confer a Constitution on New South Wales, and to grant a Civil List to Her Majesty."

55. An act to enable Her Majesty to assent to a Bill, as amended, of the Legislature of Victoria, to establish a Constitution in and for the Colony of Victoria.

56. An act to repeal the Acts of Parliament now in force respecting the Disposal of the Waste Lands of the Crown in Her Majesty's Australian Colonies, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

57. An act further to amend the Laws relating to the Militia in England.

58. An act to better enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and purchase Land on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in right of the said Duchy of Lancaster.

59. An act to facilitate Inquiries of Commissioners of Endowed Schools in Ireland.

60. An act for excepting Gold Wedding Rings from the Operation of the Act of the last Session relating to the Standard of Gold and Silver Wares, and from the Exemptions contained in other Acts relating to Gold Wares.

61. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

62. An act to amend an Act of the Eighteenth Year of Her Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Prevention of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons and for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland.

63. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Friendly Societies.

64. An act to settle Annuities on Emily Harriet Lady Raglan and Richard Henry Fitzroy Lord Raglan, and the next surviving Heir Male of his Body, in consideration of the eminent Services of the late Field Marshal Lord Raglan.

65. An act to amend the Dublin Carriage Acts.

66. An act to render valid certain Marriages in Christ Church in the Chapelry of Todmorden and Parish of Rochdale in the Counties of Lancaster and York.

67. An act to facilitate the Remedies on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes by the Prevention of frivolous or fictitious Defences to Actions thereon.

68. An act to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in Scotland.

69. An act to discontinue the taking of Toll on the Turnpike Roads leading from the City of Dublin and on the Turnpike Road from Kinnegad to Athlone, and to provide for the Maintenance of such Roads as public Roads, and for the Discharge of the Debts due thereon, and other Purposes.

70. An act for further promoting the Establishment of Free Public Libraries in Municipal Towns, and for extending it to Towns governed under Local Improvement Acts, and to Parishes.

71. An act to authorize the Commissioners of the Treasury to make Arrangements concerning certain Loans advanced by way of Relief to the Islands of Antigua, Nevis, and Montserrat.

72. An act for legalizing and preserving the restored Standards of Weights and Measures.

73. An act to extend the Period for applying for a Sale under the Acts for facilitating the Sale and Transfer of Incumbered Estates in Ireland.

74. An act to enable Grand Juries of Counties in Ireland to present for Payment of Expenses in certain Cases.

75. An act to continue certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

76. An act to continue an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty for amending the Law relative to Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

77. An act to give Effect to a Convention between Her Majesty and the United States of America.

78. An act to reduce certain Duties payable on Stage Carriages, and to amend the Laws relating to Stamp Duties, and to Bonds and Securities to the Inland Revenue.

79. An act to amend the Law regarding the Burial of poor Persons by Guardians and Overseers of the Poor.

80. An act to ratify conditional Agreements entered into by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings; and to vest in the said Commissioners certain Property situate near the College of Edinburgh in the City of Edinburgh, together with the General Register House in the said City, and all Lands held therewith; and to enable the said Commissioners to acquire certain Property near the Palace of Holyrood.

81. An act to amend the Law concerning the certifying and registering of Places of Religious Worship in England.

82. An act to abolish certain Payments charged on the Consolidated Fund in favour of the Provost and Fellows of Trinity College, Dublin, and of certain Professors in the said College; and to repeal the Stamp Duties payable on Matriculations and Degrees in the University of Dublin.

83. An act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

84. An act to provide for the Performance of certain Duties of the Speaker during his temporary Absence from the House of Commons.

85. An act for carrying into effect the Engagements between Her Majesty and certain Chiefs of the Sherbro Country near Sierra Leone in Africa, for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade.

86. An act for securing the Liberty of Religious Worship.

87. An act to amend the Act for the better Care and Reformation of Youthful Offenders, and the Act to render Reformatory and Industrial Schools in Scotland more available for the Benefit of Vagrant Children.

88. An act to facilitate the Erection of Dwelling Houses for the Working Classes in Scotland.

89. An act to amend the Provisions of the Huddersfield Burial Ground Act, 1852.

90. An act for the Payment of Costs in Proceedings instituted on behalf of the Crown in Matters relating to the Revenue, and for the Amendment of the Procedure and Practice in Crown Suits in the Court of Exchequer.

91. An act to facilitate the Erection and Maintenance of Colonial Lighthouses, and otherwise to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

92. An act for appropriating the Corps of the Prebend or Portion of Netherhall Ledbury in the Diocese and County of Hereford, and for constituting the Living of Ledbury a Rectory with Cure of Souls, and for augmenting the Endowments thereof.

93. An act to amend certain Acts relating to the Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, and Malacca, and to the Supreme Courts of Judicature in India.

94. An act to impose increased Rates of Duty of Excise on Spirits distilled in the United Kingdom; to allow Malt, Sugar, and Molasses to be used Duty-free in the distilling of Spirits in lieu of Allowances and Drawbacks on such Spirits, Sugar, and Molasses respectively; and to amend the Laws relating to the Duties of Excise.

95. An act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to provide additional Offices for the Public Service in or near Downing Street, Westminster.

96. An act to consolidate certain Acts, and otherwise amend the Laws of the Customs, and an Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster.

97. An act for the Amendment and Consolidation of the Customs Tariff Acts.

98. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

99. An act to enable Her Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between Her Majesty, His Majesty the Emperor of the French, and His Imperial Majesty the Sultan.

100. An act to amend the Law concerning the Qualification of Officers of the Militia.

101. An act for the more effectual Execution of the Convention between Her Majesty and the French Government concerning the Fisheries in the Seas between the British Islands and France.

102. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

103. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament relating Jo the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons and illicit Distillation in Ireland; and also to repeal so much of an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His late Majesty as requires Persons applying for Licences for the Sale of Beer, Cider, or Spirits by Retail in Ireland to enter into a Bond with Sureties.

104. An act for the Regulation of Chinese Passenger Ships.

105. An act to amend the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and the Acts passed in the Ninth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, for the Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics.

106. An act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

107. An act to authorize the Commissioners of the Treasury to make Arrangements concerning a certain Loan advanced by way of Relief to the Island of Tobago.

108. An act to amend the Law for the Inspection of Coal Mines in Great Britain.

109. An act to make further Provisions for the Repayment of Advances out of the Consolidated Fund for the Erection and Enlargement of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland, and to amend the Laws with reference to the Repayments in case of Change of Districts, and the Appointment of Commissioners of General Control and Correspondence.

110. An act to authorize the Application of certain Sums granted by Parliament for Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland towards the Completion of certain Navigations undertaken in connexion with Drainages, and to amend the Acts for promoting the Drainage of Lands and Improvements in connexion therewith in Ireland.

111. An act to amend the Law relating to Bills of Lading.

112. An act to continue an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her present Majesty, for the better Prevention of Crime and Outrage in certain Parts of Ireland.

113. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her present Majesty, for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ness at Inverness.

114. An act for the Transfer of Licences of Public Houses in Ireland.

115. An act to continue and amend the Public Health Act (1854).

116. An act for the better Prevention of Diseases.

117. An act for transferring to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State the Powers and Estates vested in the Principal Officers of the Ordnance.

118. An act to repeal the Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty for further regulating the Sale of Beer and other Liquors on the Lord's Day, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof

119. An act to amend the Law relating to the Carriage of Passengers by Sea.

120. An act for the better Local Management of the Metropolis.

121. An act to consolidate and amend the Nuisances Removal and Diseases Prevention Acts, 1848 and 1849.

122. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Construction of Buildings in the Metropolis and its Neighbourhood.

123. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

124. An act to amend the Charitable Trusts Act, 1853.

125. An act to confirm Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health, applying the Public Health Act (1848) to the Districts of Middlesbrough, Windhill, Christchurch, Keighley, Tunstall, and Toxteth Park, and for Alteration of the Boundaries of the District of Romford.

126. An act for diminishing Expense and Delay in the Administration of Criminal Justice in certain Cases.

127. An act to make better Provision for the Union of contiguous Benefices, and to facilitate the building and endowing of new Churches in spiritually destitute Districts.

128. An act further to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in England.

129. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

130. An act for raising the Sum of Seven Millions by Exchequer Bills and Exchequer Bonds, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five.

131. An act to render more secure the Conditions upon which Money is advanced out of the Parliamentary Grant for the Purposes of Education.

132. An act for facilitating the Erection of Dwelling Houses for the Labouring Classes.

133. An act for limiting the Liability of Members of certain Joint Stock Companies.

134. An act to make further Provision for the more speedy and efficient Despatch of Business in the High Court of Chancery, and to vest in the Lord Chancellor the Ground and Buildings of the said Court situate in Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, with Powers of leasing and Sale thereof.

