Public Acts passed in 1856, 19 & 20 Victoria c.1 - c.120.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1856.
---

1. An act to regulate certain Offices of the House of Commons.

2. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Metropolitan Police.

3. An act to extend the Period for which Her Majesty may grant Letters Patent of Incorporation to Joint Stock Banks in Scotland existing before the Act of One thousand eight hundred and forty-six.

4. An act to apply the Sum of One million six hundred and thirty-one thousand and five Pounds One Shilling and Fivepence out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six.

5. An act for funding Exchequer Bills and raising Money by way of Annuities.

6. An act for raising Five Millions by way of Annuities.

7. An act to apply the Sum of Twenty-six Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six.

8. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

9. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Advance of Public Money to promote the Improvement of Land.

10. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

12. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

13. An act to make Provision for the Management of certain Lands belonging to Her Majesty within the former Limits of the late Forest of Delamere in the County of Chester.

14. An act to abolish the Office of Secretary to the Poor Law Commissioners in Ireland.

15. An act for further regulating the Payment of the Out-Pensioners of Greenwich and Chelsea Hospitals.

16. An act to empower the Court of Queen's Bench to order certain Offenders to be tried at the Central Criminal Court.

17. An act to authorise for a further Peidodf the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and for the Employment of the Poor.

18. An act to authorize for a further Period, the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

19. An act for raising the Sum of Twenty-one million one hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six.

20. An act to continue certain Compositions payable to Bankers who have ceased to issue Bank Notes.

21. An act for raising the further Sum of Five Millions by way of Annuities.

22. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Duties on Fire Insurances.

23. An act for granting certain, Additional Powers and Authorities to the Canada Company.

24. An act for enabling the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to acquire certain Lands for the Site of a Prison for the Reception of Juvenile Convicts.

25. An act to amend the Law relating to Drafts on Bankers.

26. An act to confirm Provisioned Orders of the General Board of Health applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Districts of Waterloo with Seaforth, West Ham, Sowerby Bridge, and Moss-side; for Alteration of the Boundaries of the Districts of Rusholme and Bishop Auckland and for other Purposes.

27. An act to amend the Acts relating to Pawnbrokers.

28. An act to make further Provision for rendering Reformatory and Industrial Schools in Scotland more available for the Benefit of Vagrant Children.

29. An act to extend the Powers of the Trustees and Director of the National Gallery, and to authorize the Sale of Works of Art belonging to the Public.

30. An act to settle an Annuity on Sir William Fenwick Williams, in consideration of his eminent Services.

31. An act to amend the Act the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, concerning the University of Oxford and the College of St. Mary Winchester.

32. An act to amend the Whichwood Disafforresting Act, 1853.

33. An act to continue the Act for extending for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of Income Tax in respect of Insurance on Lives.

34. An act to grant Allowances of Excise Duty on Malt in Stock; to alter and regulate certain Drawbacks and Allowances in respect of Malt Duty; to repeal and re-impose the Excise Duly on Sugar used in brewing Beer; and to amend the Law relating to Malt Roasters.

35. An act to authorize the West India Relief Commissioners to grant further Time for the Repayment of Monies advanced by them in certain Cases.

36. An act for the better Preservation of the Peace in Ireland.

37. An act fo amend the Act for transferring to Counties in Ireland certain Works constructed wholly or in part with the Public Money.

38. An act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to Labour in Factories.

39. An act to carry into effect a Convention respecting a Loan by Her Majesty to the King of Sardinia.

40. An act to amend an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her present Majesty relating to Industrial and Provident Societies.

41. An act to make further Provision for the Establishment of Savings Banks for Seamen.

42. An act to Continue the Act for the Exemption of Stock in Trade from Rating.

43. An act to authorize Issues out of the Consolidated Fund for the Redemption of certain Annuities charged on Branches of the gross Revenue.

44. An act for raising the Sum of Four Millions by Exchequer Bills and Exchequer Bonds, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six.

45. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for St. Mary Magdalen Hospital near Bath.

46. An act to exempt Imprisonments under the Act 5 Geo. 4. c. 96. frpm the Operation of the Act abolishing in Scotland Imprisonment for Civil Debts of small Amount.

47. An act for the Incorporation and Regulation of Joint Stock Companies and other Associations.

48. An act for amending the Procedure before Magistrates and Justices of Peace in Scotland.

49. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

50. An act to enable Parishioners and others, forming a numerous Class, to sell Advowsons held by or in trust for them, and to apply the Proceeds in providing Parsonage Houses, augmenting small Livings, and to other beneficial Purposes; and for giving other Powers to such Persons.

51. An act to permit the Use of Rice in the Distillation of Spirits.

52. An act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

53. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Endowed School at Moulton in the County of Lincoln.

54. An act to facilitate the Despatch of Business before Grand Juries in England and Wales.

55. An act for transferring the Powers of the Church Building Commissioners to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

56. An act to constitute the Court of Session the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and to regulate Procedure in Matters connected with the Exchequer.

57. An act to abolish the Jurisdiction of the Court of the Liberties and Manor of Saint Sepulchre in and near Dublin, and for the future Regulation of certain Markets of the said Manor.

58. An act to amend the Law for the Registration of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Burghs in Scotland.

59. An act to alter the Mode of providing for certain Expenses now charged upon certain Parts of the Public Revenue.

60. An act to amend the Laws of Scotland affecting Trade and Commerce.

61. An act to continue an Act for the Survey of Great Britain, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man.

62. An act to provide for the Maintenance of Navigations made in connexion with Drainage, and to make further Provision in relation to Works of Drainage in Ireland.

63. An act to amend the Acts relating to Grand Juries in Ireland.

64. An act to repeal certain Statutes which are not in use.

65. An act to encourage the providing of improved Dwellings for the Labouring Classes in Ireland.

66. An act to extinguish certain Rights of Way and to stop up certain Roads and Paths near the Camp at Aldershot.

67. An act to extend the Period for applying for a Sale under the Acts for facilitating the Sale and Transfer of Incumbered Estates in Ireland, and to amend the said Acts.

68. An act to further amend the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland.

69. An act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales.

70. An act to render valid certain Marriages in the Church at Coatham in the Parish of Kirk Leatham in the County of York.

71. An act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

72. An act to continue "The Railways Act (Ireland), 1851."

73. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

74. An act to continue the Act to facilitate the Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England.

75. An act for the further Alteration and Amendment of the Laws and Duties of Customs.

76. An act to continue for a limited Time the Exemption of certain Charities from the Operation of the Charitable Trusts Acts.

77. An act to amend the Law and Practice of the Court of Chancery in Ireland in relation to the Appointment of Receivers over Real Estate, and to expedite the Sale of Estates in the said Court.

78. An act to continue the Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, for preventing the administering and taking of unlawful Oaths in Ireland, as amended by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign.

79. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Bankruptcy in Scotland.

80. An act to grant Relief in assessing the Income Tax on Lands in Scotland in respect of certain Public Burdens charged thereon; to alter and regulate the Allowances to Clerks to the Commissioners of Income Tax; and to amend the Laws relating to the Land, Assessed, and Income Taxes, and the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax.

81. An act to reduce the Stamp Duties on certain Instruments of Proxy; to amend the Laws relating to the stamping of Articles of Clerkship to Attorneys and others; and to exempt from Stamp Duty Admissions to the Freedom of the City of London by Redemption.

82. An act to repeal and reimpose under new Regulations the Duty on Racehorses.

83. An act to provide for the better Defence of the Coasts of the Realm, and the more ready Manning of the Navy, and to transfer to the Admiralty the Government of the Coast Guard.

84. An act to continue the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854.

85. An act to continue the General Board of Health.

86. An act to abolish the Office of Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer.

87. An act to amend the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853.

88. An act to make further Provision for the good Government and Extension of the University of Cambridge, of the Colleges therein, and of the College of King Henry the Sixth at Eton.

89. An act to abolish certain unnecessary Forms in the framing of Deeds in Scotland.

90. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

91. An act to amend and re-enact certain Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, relating to Judicial Procedure and Securities for Debts in Scotland.

92. An act to constitute a Court of Appeal in Chancery, and to amend, the Law relating to Appeals from the Incumbered Estates Court in Ireland.

93. An act to constitute all legally qualified Persons in Scotland Commissioners of Supply without being named in an Act of Supply.

94. An act for the uniform Administration of Intestates Estates.

95. An act to give to the University of Oxford and to Colleges in the said University, and to the College of St. Mary of Winchester near Winchester, Power to sell and exchange Lands, under certain Conditions.

96. An act for amending the Law of Marriage in Scotland.

97. An act to amend the Laws of England and Ireland affecting Trade and Commerce.

98. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Burial of the Dead in Ireland.

99. An act to amend the Acts relating to Lunatic Asylums in Ireland, so far as relates to Superannuation.

100. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Election of Directors of Joint Stock Banks in England.

101. An act to continue certain Acts to prevent the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and Other Animals.

102. An act to further amend the Procedure in and to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

103. An act to make better Provision for the Removal of Nuisances, Regulation of Lodging Houses, and the Health of Towns in Scotland.

104. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty, for making better Provision for the Spiritual Care of populous Parishes, and further to provide for the Formation and Endowment of separate and distinct Parishes.

105. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

106. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

107. An act to amend the Smoke Nuisance Abatement (Metropolis) Act, 1853.

108. An act to amend the Acts relating to the County Courts.

109. An act to amend the mode of committing Criminal and Vagrant Children to Reformatory and Industrial Schools.

110. An act for the better Regulation of the House of Industry Hospitals and other Hospitals in Dublin supported wholly or in part by Parliamentary Grants.

111. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for Stoke Poges Hospital in the County of Bucks, with certain Alterations.

112. An act to amend the Act of the last Session of Parliament, Chapter One hundred and twenty, for the better Local Management of the Metropolis.

113. An act to provide for taking Evidence in Her Majesty's Dominions in relation to Civil and Commercial Matters pending before Foreign Tribunals.

114. An act to prevent false Packing and other Frauds in the Hay and Straw Trade.

115. An act to provide for the Retirement of the present Bishops of London and Durham.

116. An act for the Appointment of a Vice-President of the Committee of Council on Education.

117. An act to amend the Law delating to the Relief of the Poor in Scotland.

118. An act to amend the Act of the last Session of Parliament for diminishing Expense and Delay in the Administration of Criminal Justice in Certain Cases.

119. An act to amend the Provisions of the Marriage and Registration Acts.

120. An act to facilitate Leases and Sales of Settled Estates.

