Acts passed in 1857, 20 & 21 Victoria c.1 - c.85.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1857, volume 2.
---
1. An act for the Amendment of the Cinque Ports Act.

2. An act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal.

3. An act to amend the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, to substitute, in certain Cases, other Punishment in lieu of Transportation.

4. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

5. An act to continue the Act for extending for a limited Time the Provision for Abatement of Income Tax in respect of Insurance on Lives.

6. An act to alter the Constitution and amend the Procedure of the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland.

7. An act to revive and amend certain Acts relating to the Collection of County Cess in Ireland; and also to provide for the Appointment, in certain Cases, of Collectors to levy the Charges and Expenses of additional Constabulary appointed under the Act 19 and 20 Vict. c. 36.

8. An act to amend the Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 11., with a view to the Abolition of Ministers Money in Ireland.

9. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

10. An act to amend the Charter of Incorporation granted to the Borough of Hanley in the County of Stafford.

11. An act to amend "The Militia (Ireland) Act, 1854."

12. An act to carry into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of Denmark.

13. An act to facilitate the procuring of Sites for Workhouses in certain Cases.

14. An act to amend the Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856.

15. An act to amend the Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland.

16. An act to discontinue the Toll on the Turnpike Roads now existing in Ireland, and to provide for the Maintenance of such Roads as public Roads, and for the Discharge of the Debts due thereon, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

17. An act to amend the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

18. An act to regulate Procedure in the Bill Chamber in Scotland.

19. An act to remove Doubts as to the Law of Bankruptcy and Real Securities in Scotland.

20. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

21. An act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

22. An act to apply the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Parish of Aldershot, and to constitute a Local Board of Health therein.

23. An act to authorize the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to sell Mill Sites and Water Power, notwithstanding Final Award, in any Drainage or Navigation District.

24. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

25. An act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty concerning the University of Oxford and the College of St. Mary Winchester, and further to amend the said Act.

26. An act to provide for the Registration of Long Leases in Scotland, and Assignations thereof.

27. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Caledonian and Crinan Canals, and to make further Provision for the Accommodation of the Traffic thereon.

28. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Payment of the Land and Assessed Taxes and Property and Income Tax in Scotland.

29. An act to render valid certain Marriages in Christ Church, West Hartlepool, in the Parish of Stranton in the County of Durham.

30. An act for enabling the Commissioners of the Admiralty to purchase certain Lands in the Parish of Chatham in the County of Kent, and to stop up, divert, or alter certain Ways in the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

31. An act to amend and explain the Inclosure Acts.

32. An act for the better Supply of Water for the Use of Vessels resorting to the Harbour of Reluge at Portland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Admiralty to supply such Water; for vesting in the said Commissioners certain Lands belonging to Her Majesty; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

33. An act to regulate certain Proceedings in relation to the Election of Representative Peers for Ireland.

34. An act to explain an Act for the Settlement of the Boundaries between the Provinces of Canada and New Brunswick.

35. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An act to amend the Laws concerning the Burial of the Dead in the Metropolis, so far as relates to the City of London and the Liberties thereof.

36. An act to supply an Omission in a Schedule to the Act to amend the Acts relating to County Courts.

37. An act to repeal the Twenty-seventh Section of the Superannuation Act, 1834.

38. An act to continue the General Board of Health.

39. An act to regulate the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors of Colonial Courts in Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law and Equity in England, in certain Cases.

40. An act to continue and amend an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty-nine, and also the Laws for the Suppression and Prevention of Illicit Distillation in Ireland; and to constitute the Constabulary Force Officers of Customs for certain Purposes.

41. An act to revive and continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

42. An act to amend "The Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855."

43. An act to improve the Administration of the Law so far as respects summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace.

44. An act to regulate the Institution of Suits at the Instance of the Crown and the Public Departments in the Courts of Scotland.

45. An act to make further Provision for defining the Boundaries of certain Denominations of Land in Ireland for public Purposes.

46. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

47. An act to enable Ecclesiastical Persons in Ireland to grant Building Leases of Glebe Lands in certain Cases.

48. An act to make better Provision for the Care and Education of vagrant, destitute, and disorderly Children, and for the Extension of Industrial Schools.

49. An act to amend the Law relating to Banking Companies.

50. An act to amend the Acts concerning Municipal Corporations in England.

51. An act to guarantee a Loan for the Service of New Zealand.

52. An act for discharging Claims of the New Zealand Company on the Proceeds of Sales of Waste Lands in New Zealand.

53. An act to amend the Act for granting a Representative Constitution to the Colony of New Zealand.

54. An act to make better Provision for the Punishment of Frauds committed by Trustees, Bankers, and other Persons intrusted with Property.

55. An act to promote the Establishment and Extension of Reformatory Schools in England.

56. An act to regulate the Distribution of Business in the Court of Session in Scotland.

57. An act to enable Married Women to dispose of Reversionary Interests in Personal Estate.

58. An act to amend the Act, Seventeenth and Eighteenth of Victoria, for the Valuation of Lands in Scotland.

59. An act concerning the Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland.

60. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland.

61. An act for granting certain Duties of Customs and Excise.

62. An act for the Alteration and Amendment of the Laws and Duties of Customs.

63. An act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to the Magistrates and Town Council of Dunbar, for the Purpose of improving the Victoria Harbour of Dunbar.

64. An act for raising a Sum of Money for building and improving Stations of the Metropolitan Police, and to amend the Acts concerning the Metropolitan Police.

65. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

66. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and for regulating in such Service the Payment of Regimental Debts and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in the Service.

67. An act to extend the Time for enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to complete Improvements in Pimlico and in the Neighbourhood of Buckingham Palace.

68. An act to enable the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Revising Barristers for the Revision of Lists and Registry of Voters for the City of Dublin.

69. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

70. An act to provide for the Extension of the Boundaries of Burghs in Scotland, and to remove Doubts as to the Right of certain Persons holding Offices to be registered as voters for Municipal Purposes.

71. An act for the Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics, and for the Provision, Maintenance, and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums in Scotland.

72. An act to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland.

73. An act for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland.

74. An act to continue the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England.

75. An act to confirm an Order in Council concerning the Exercise of Jurisdiction in Matters arising within the Kingdom of Siam.

76. An act further to continue for a limited Time the Exemption of certain Charities from the Operation of the Charitable Trusts Acts.

77. An act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in England.

78. An act to amend the Act Seven and Eight Victoria, Chapter One hundred and eleven, for facilitating the winding up the Affairs of Joint Stock Companies unable to meet their pecuniary Engagements, and also the "Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Acts, 1848 and 1849."

79. An act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in Ireland.

80. An act to amend "The Joint Stock Companies Act, 1856."

81. An act to amend the Burial Acts.

82. An act to authorize the Embodying of the Militia.

83. An act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Obscene Books, Pictures, Prints, and other Articles.

84. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the College of God's Gift in Dulwich in the County of Surrey, with certain Alterations.

85. An act to amend the Law relating to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England.

