Acts passed in 1858, 21 & 22 Victoria c.1 - c.110.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1858.
---

1. An act to indemnify the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in respect of certain Issues of their Notes, and to confirm such Issues, and to authorize further Issues for a Time to be limited.

2. An act to settle Annuities on Lady Havelock and Sir Henry Marshman Havelock, in consideration of the eminent Services of the late Major-General Havelock.

3. An act for enabling the East India Company to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

4. An act to continue an Act of the last Session to authorize the embodying of the Militia.

5. An act to apply the Sum of Ten Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

6. An act to apply the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

7. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

8. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

9. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

10. An act to confirm a certain Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Skipton in the West Riding of the County of York; and to further declare the Limits of the District of Toxteth Park in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Purposes of the said Act.

11. An act to repeal the Stamp Duties payable on Matriculation and Degrees in the University of Cambridge.

12. An act for the Alteration of certain Duties of Customs.

13. An act for raising the Sum of Twenty million nine hundred and eleven thousand five hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

14. An act for raising the Sum of Two Millions by Exchequer Bonds.

15. An act for granting certain additional Rates and Duties of Excise.

16. An act for the further Amendment of the Duties of Customs.

17. An act to apply the Sum of Eleven Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

18. An act to effect an Exchange between the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital and the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks of Lands in the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square and Saint Margaret Westminster in the County of Middlesex.

19. An act to continue an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and ten, to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

20. An act for granting a Stamp Duty on certain Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money.

21. An act to confirm a Contract for the Sale by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works of certain Lands to the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital.

22. An act to abolish Franchise Prisons.

23. An act for abolishing the Tolls now levied on the Bridge over the Shannon at Portumna in Ireland.

24. An act to reduce the Stamp Duty on Passports.

25. An act to amend the Act concerning Non-parochial Registers, and the Acts for Marriages, and for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages, in England, and concerning Vaccination.

26. An act to abolish the Property Qualifications of Members of Parliament.

27. An act to amend the Course of Procedure in the High Court of Chancery, the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

28. An act to continue the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1850.

29. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for Sir Eliah Harvey's Charity in the Town of Folkestone.

30. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for certain Municipal Charities in the City of Bristol.

31. An act for confirming a Scheme of the CharityCommissioners for certain Charities in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint Leonard in the City of Bristol.

32. An act to make valid certain Acts of the late Chief Justice of Bombay.

33. An act for the better Management of County Rates.

34. An act to continue "The Railways Act (Ireland), 1851."

35. An act to remove Doubts as to the Operation of a Convention between Her Majesty and the Emperor of the French relative to Portendic and Albreda.

36. An act for releasing the Lands of the Commissioners for the Exhibition of 1851, upon the Repayment of Monies granted in aid of their Funds.

37. An act to provide for the Allotment of the Commonable Lands within the Boundaries of the late Forest of Hainault in the County of Essex.

38. An act to repeal certain Provisions for the Issue out of the Consolidated Fund of fixed Amounts for the Reduction of the Funded Debt.

39. An act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

40. An act to confer Powers on the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire the Theatre Royal, Edinburgh, and adjacent Property, for the Erection of a new General Post Office, and for other Purposes.

41. An act to extend the Time for making Advances towards Navigations in Ireland, under the Provisions of an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-two.

42. An act for shortening the Time of Prescription in certain Cases in Ireland.

43. An act to amend the Municipal Franchise in certain Cases.

44. An act to give to the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Durham, and the Colleges in those Universities, and to the Colleges of Saint Mary of Winchester near Winchester, and of King Henry the Sixth at Eton, Power to sell, enfranchise, and exchange Lands, under certain Conditions, and also to grant Leases for Agricultural, Building, and Mining Purposes, and to deal with the Interests of their Lessees, under proper Reservations and Restrictions.

45. An act to amend the Provisions of an Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, for separating the Palatine Jurisdiction of the County Palatine of Durham from the Bishoprick of Durham; and to make further Provision with respect to the Jura Regalia of the said County.

46. An act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages of British Subjects abroad.

47. An act to amend the Law of False Pretences.

48. An act to substitute One Oath for the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration; and for the Relief of Her Majesty's Subjects professing the Jewish Religion.

49. An act to provide for the Relief of Her Majesty's Subjects professing the Jewish Religion.

50. An act to continue certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

51. An act further to continue the Exemption of certain Charities from the Operation of the Charitable Trusts Acts.

52. An act to appoint a Clerk of Nisi Prius for the Consolidated Nisi Prius Court in Ireland, and to make Provision for the Appointment of Tipstaffs in the Superior Courts of Common Law and Equity in Ireland.

53. An act to continue Appointments under the Act for consolidating the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and for completing Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts.

54. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

55. An act to revive and continue an Act amending the Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Army.

56. An act to amend the Law relating to the Confirmation of Executors in Scotland, and to extend over all Parts of the United Kingdom the Effect of such Confirmation, and of Grants of Probate and Administration.

57. An act to amend the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporations, aggregate and sole, to grant Leases for long Terms of Years.

58. An act for the future Appropriation of the Tithe or Tenth of Lead Ores in the Parishes of Stanhope and Wolsingham in the County of Durham belonging to the respective Rectors thereof, subject to the existing Incumbencies, and for making other Provisions for the Endowment of the said Rectories in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

59. An act further to amend the Law relating to the Erection and Endowment of Churches, Chapels, and Perpetual Curacies in Ireland.

60. An act to amend the Joint Stock Companies Acts, 1856 and 1857, and the Joint Stock Banking Companies Act, 1857.

61. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners of England and Wales.

62. An act to continue certain Acts to prevent the spreading of contagious or infectious Diseases among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals.

63. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

64. An act to make further Provision for the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland.

65. An act to amend an Act of the last Session, to render more effectual the Police in Counties and Burghs in Scotland.

66. An act to amend the Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-nine, and to abolish Foot Passenger Tolls on Chelsea Bridge after Payment of the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds and Interest.

67. An act to repeal certain Enactments requiring Returns to be made to One of the Secretaries of State.

68. An act to amend the Law concerning detached Parts of Counties.

69. An act to impose Fees on the branding of Barrels under the Acts concerning the Herring Fisheries in Scotland.

70. An act to amend the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Copyright of Designs for ornamenting Articles of Manufacture.

71. An act to substitute in certain Cases the Bishop of one Diocese for the Bishop of another as a Trustee of certain Trusts.

72. An act to facilitate the Sale and Transfer of Land in Ireland.

73. An act to amend the Law concerning the Powers of Stipendiary Magistrates and Justices of the Peace in certain Cases.

74. An act for the Re-arrangement of the Districts of the County Courts among the Judges thereof.

75. An act to amend the Law relating to Cheap Trains, and to restrain the Exercise of certain Powers by Canal Companies being also Railway Companies.

76. An act to simplify the Forms and diminish the Expense of completing Titles to Land in Scotland.

77. An act to amend and extend the Settled Estates Act of 1856.

78. An act to enable the Committees of both Houses of Parliament to administer Oaths to Witnesses in certain Cases.

79. An act to amend the Law relating to Cheques or Drafts on Bankers.

80. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

81. An act for confirming a Scheme as amended of the Charity Commissioners for Cowley's Charity in the Parish of Swineshead in the County of Lincoln.

82. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

83. An act to make Provision for the better Government and Discipline of the Universities of Scotland, and improving and regulating the Course of Study therein; and for the Union of the Two Universities and Colleges of Aberdeen.

84. An act for enabling the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to acquire certain Lands and Houses for the Site of a new Court or Courts and other Offices and Buildings required for the Public Service, in Extension of the Four Courts in the City of Dublin; and for other Purposes.

85. An act to continue an Act to enable Her Majesty to accept the Services of the Militia out of the United Kingdom.

86. An act further to continue an Act to authorize the embodying of the Militia.

87. An act to continue and amend the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1864.

88. An act to amend an Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her present Majesty, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Civil Bills and the Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and to transfer to the Assistant Barristers certain Jurisdiction as to Insolvent Debtors.

89. An act to amend an Act of the last Session, for the Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics, and for the Provision, Maintenance, and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums, in Scotland.

90. An act to regulate the Qualifications of Practitioners in Medicine and Surgery.

91. An act to enable Joint Stock Banking Companies to be formed on the Principle of Limited Liability.

92. An act to provide for the Conveyance of County Property to the Clerk of the Peace of the County.

93. An act to enable Persons to establish Legitimacy and the Validity of Marriages, and the Right to be deemed natural-born Subjects.

94. An act to amend the Copyhold Acts.

95. An act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Seventy-seven.

96. An act to amend "The West Indian Incumbered Estates Act, 1854."

97. An act for vesting in the Privy Council certain Powers for the Protection of the Public Health.

98. An act to amend the Public Health Act, 1848, and to make further Provision for the Local Government of Towns and populous Districts.

99. An act to provide for the Government of British Columbia.

100. An act to regulate the Office of Clerk of Petty Sessions in Ireland.

101. An act to amend the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-three, relating to Friendly Societies.

102. An act to indemnify certain Persons who have formed a voluntary Association for the Disposal of Works of Utility and Ornament by Chance or otherwise as Prizes.

103. An act to promote and regulate Reformatory Schools for Juvenile Offenders in Ireland.

104. An act to alter and amend the Metropolis Local Management Act (1855), and to extend the Powers of the Metropolitan Board of Works for the Purification of the Thames and the Main Drainage of the Metropolis.

105. An act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty, to amend the Laws concerning Judgments in Ireland.

106. An act for the better Government of India.

107. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

108. An act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Eighty-five.

109. An act to declare and define the respective Rights of Her Majesty and of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall to the Mines and Minerals in or under Land lying below High-water Mark, within and adjacent to the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

110. An act to extend the Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Twenty-six, for issuing Writs during any Recess of the House of Commons, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment.

