Acts passed in 1859, 22 Victoria c.1 - c.35.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1859, volume 1.
---

1. An Act more effectually to prevent Danger to the Public Health from Places of Burial.

2. An Act to repeal certain Acts and Parts of Acts which relate to the Observance of the Thirtieth of January and other Days.

3. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

6. An Act to apply the Sum of One million two hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds Eight Shillings and Ninepence out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine.

7. An Act to apply the Sum of Eleven Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine.

8. An Act to repeal the Thirty-second Section of the Act "for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England" and to make further Provision in lieu thereof.

9. An Act to effect an Exchange of Ecclesiastical Patronage between Her Majesty the Queen and Miss Sophia Broadley.

10. An Act to settle the Form of Affirmation to be made in certain Cases by Quakers and other Persons by Law permitted to make an Affirmation instead of taking an Oath.

11. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

12. An Act to make further Provision for the Purchase of Common and other Rights by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, and in relation to Land vested in or taken by such Secretary of State.

13. An Act to amend the Law concerning Patents for Inventions with respect to Inventions for Improvements in Instruments and Munitions of War.

14. An Act for the Abolition of Manor Courts and the better Recovery of Small Debts in Ireland.

15. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

16. An Act to enable the Judges to appoint Commissioners within Ten Miles of London and in the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands to administer Oaths in Common Law, and to authorize the taking in the Country of Bail in Error, and Recognizances and Bail on the Revenue Side of the Exchequer.

17. An Act to continue an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, for amending the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland.

18. An Act for amending and confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for Sir Thomas White's Charity and the Free Grammar School in the Town of Nottingham.

19. An Act to make further Provision for enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to acquire a Site for additional Offices for the Public Service near Whitehall and Her Majesty's Palace at Westminster.

20. An Act to provide for taking Evidence in Suits and Proceedings pending before Tribunals in Her Majesty's Dominions in Places out of the Jurisdiction of such Tribunals.

21. An Act to amend the Medical Act (1858).

22. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and seventy-seven thousand four hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine.

23. An Act to apply a.Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

24. An Act to render valid certain Marriages in the Church of Saint James Baldersby in the County of York.

25. An Act for the Government of the Convict Prisons in Her Majesty's Dominions abroad.

26. An Act to amend the Laws concerning Superannuations and other Allowances to Persons having held Civil Offices in the Public Service.

27. An Act to facilitate Grants of Land to be made near populous Places for the Use of regulated Recreation of Adults, and as Playgrounds for Children.

28. An Act to continue the Act for the Regulation of the Annuities and Premiums of the Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society.

29. An Act to continue the Act for charging the Maintenance of certain Paupers upon the Union Funds.

30. An Act to amend the "Confirmation and Probate Act, 1858."

31. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858).

32. An Act to amend the Law concerning the Remission of Penalties.

33. An Act to enable Coroners in England to admit to Bail Persons charged with Manslaughter.

34. An Act to amend and explain an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, to repeal the Laws relating to the Combination of Workmen, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

35. An Act to amend the Law relating to Municipal Elections.

