Acts passed in 1859, 22 & 23 Victoria c.1 - c.66.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1859, volume 2.
---

1. An Act to provide for the Authentication of certain Orders of the Privy Council in the Absence of the Clerk of the Council in Ordinary.

2. An Act to apply the Sum of Seven Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine.

3. An Act to amend and make perpetual "The Public Health Act, 1858."

4. An Act to amend the Act for the better Administration of Criminal Justice in Middlesex.

5. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Qualification of Persons holding Diplomatic Pensions to sit in Parliament.

6. An Act to enable Seijeants, Barristers-at-Law, Attorneys, and Solicitors to practise in the High Court of Admiralty.

7. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, for allowing Verdicts on Trials by Jury in Civil Causes in Scotland to be received, although the Jury may not be unanimous.

8. An Act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Victoria, Chapter Forty-five, relating to the Survey of Boundaries in Ireland.

9. An Act to provide for the Exercise of the Duties of Chief Superintendent in China in certain Cases.

10. An Act to empower the Legislature of Canada to make Laws regulating the Appointment of a Speaker of the Legislative Council.

11. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858).

12. An Act to repeal, as regards the Colony of Victoria* and to enable other Colonial Legislatures to repeal, certain Provisions of the Imperial Acts of the Fifty-fourth Year of George the Third, Chapter Fifteen, and of the Fifth and Sixth Years of William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-two.

13. An Act to enable Her Majesty to confirm an Act passed by the Legislature of Antigua, intituled An Ad to extend the Operation of the Laws of Antigua to the Island of Barbuda.

14. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of King George the Third, for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers. 7

15. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

16. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to acquire a Site for the Purposes of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, and other Courts and Offices.

17. An Act to prevent Vexatious Indictments for certain Misdemeanors.

18. An Act for granting to Her Majesty additional Rates of Income Tax; and to reduce the Period of Credit allowed for Payment of the Excise Duty on Malt.

19. An Act to repeal Part of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of Elizabeth, Chapter Twenty-nine, concerning the several Incorporations of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and the Confirmation of the Charters, Liberties, and Privileges granted to either of them.

20. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Military Savings Banks.

21. An Act to regulate the Office of Queen's Remembrancer, and to amend the Practice and Procedure on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer.

22. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

23. An Act to continue certain Acts relating to the Collection of County Cess in Ireland.

24. An Act to remove Doubts as to Admission to the Office of Principal in the Universities of Scotland.

25. An Act to continue certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland.

26. An Act to make further Provision for the Regulation of the Trade with the Indians, and for the Administration of Justice in the North-western Territories of America.

27. An Act to repeal the Thirty-first Section of the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Victoria, Chapter Ninety-five, and to alter the Limit of the Number of European Troops to be maintained for local Service in India.

28. An Act to amend the Galway Harbour and Port Act (1853).

29. An Act to repeal a certain Toll levied upon Fishing Vessels passing the Nore.

30. An Act to extend the Enactments relating to the Copper Coin to Coin of mixed Metal.

31. An Act to amend the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in Ireland.

32. An Act to amend the Law concerning the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales.

33. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

34. An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, concerning the University of Cambridge and the College of King Henry the Sixth at Eton.

35. An Act to further amend the Law of Property, and to relieve Trustees.

36. An Act to alter the Stamp Duties payable upon Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration, to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences to exercise the Faculty of Physic, and to amend the Laws relating to Hawkers and Pedlars.

37. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Customs.

38. An Act further to amend the Laws relating to the Militia.

39. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

40. An Act for the Establishment of a Reserve Volunteer Force of Seamen, and for the Government of the same.

41. An Act to amend the Act for the better Government of India.

42. An Act to provide for the Establishment of a Reserve Force of Men who have been in Her Majesty's Service.

43. An Act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land.

44. An Act to continue the Act for the Exemption of Stock in Trade from Rating.

45. An Act to continue certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

46. An Act to continue and amend the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England.

47. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners of England and Wales.

48. An Act to continue the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854.

49. An Act to provide for the Payment of Debts incurred by Boards of Guardians in Unions and Parishes and Boards of Management in School Districts.

50. An Act further to continue the Exemption of certain Charities from the Operation of the Charitable Trusts Acts.

51. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

52. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

53. An Act to enable Charitable and Provident Societies and Penny Savings Banks to invest all their Proceeds in Savings Banks.

54. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Noncommissioned Officers.

55. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

56. An Act to amend the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-three, relating to Weights and Measures.

57. An Act limiting the Power of Imprisonment for Small Debts exercised by the County Court Judges.

58. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire additional Space for the Western Approach to Westminster New Bridge.

59. An Act to enable Railway Companies to settle their Differences with other Companies by Arbitration.

60. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eleven, relating to the laying down of Railways at Holyhead Harbour.

61. An Act to make further Provision concerning the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

62. An Act to amend the Irish Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (1857).

63. An Act to afford Facilities for the more certain Ascertainment of the Law administered in one Part of Her Majesty's Dominions when pleaded in the Courts of another Part thereof.

64. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages of British Subjects at Lisbon.

65. An Act for amending the Acts for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales.

66. An Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas.

