Public Acts passed in 1861, 24 & 25 Victoria c.1 - c.134.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1861.
---

1. An act to authorize the Inolosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

2. An act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

3. An act to make further Provision respecting certain Payments to and from the Bank of England, and to increase the Facilities for the Transfer of Stocks and Annuities, and for other Purposes.

4. An act for amending the Red Sea and India Telegraph Act, 1859.

5. An act to amend the Law relating to Supply Exchequer Bills, and to charge the same on the Consolidated Fund.

6. An act to apply the Sum of Three Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

7. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

9. An act to amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses.

10. An act to extend the Jurisdiction and improve the Practice of the High Court of Admiralty.

11. An act to afford Facilities for the better Ascertainment of the Law of Foreign Countries when pleaded in Courts within Her Majesty’s Dominions.

12. An act for the Abolition of Contributions by Counties for the Relief of Prisoners in the Queen’s Prison, and for the Benefit of Bethlem Hospital.

13. An act to enable the Admiralty to acquire Property for the Enlargement of the Royal Marine Barracks in the Parish of East Stonehouse in the County of Devon.

14. An act to grant additional Facilities for depositing small Savings at Interest, with the Security of the Government for due Repayment thereof.

15. An act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Alice Maud Mary.

16. An act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in Trinity Church, and in other Churches and Chapels.

17. An act to amend an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland.

18. An act to make Provision for the Dissolution of Combinations of Parishes in Scotland as to the Management of the Poor.

19. An act to apply the Sum of Ten Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

20. An act to continue certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue for the Service of Her Majesty, and to alter and repeal certain other Duties.

21. An act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Excise and Stamps.

22. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for certain Charities in the Town and Parish of Burford in the County of Oxford.

23. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for certain Charities in the Borough of Reading.

24. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Hospital of Lady Katherine Leveson, at Temple Balsall in the County of Warwick.

25. An act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

26. An act to amend the Dublin Improvement Act, 1849.

27. An act to declare the Limits within which increased Assessments are authorized to be raised in the City of Edinburgh, under the Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Victoria, Chapter Fifty.

28. An act to relieve certain Trusts on the Holyhead Road from Debts.

29. An act to authorize the Removal of the Infirmary for the County of Cork from the Town of Mallow to the City of Cork.

30. An act to declare the Validity of an Act passed by the General Assembly of New Zealand, intituled An act to provide for the Establishment of new Provinces in New Zealand.

31. An act for the Prevention and Punishment of Offences committed by Her Majesty’s Subjects within certain Territories adjacent to the Colony of Sierra Leone.

32. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for "The Hospital of the Blessed Trinity," at Guildford in the County of Surrey, and its subsidiary Endowments, with certain Alterations.

33. An act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to acquire additional Land for the Purposes of the Public Offices Extension Act of 1859.

34. An act to extend the Provisions of the Acts to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and to further provide for the Erection of Dwellings for the Labouring Poor in Ireland.

35. An act to increase the Facilities for the Transfer of Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and to make further Provision respecting the mutual Transfer of Capital in certain Public Stocks or Funds transferable at the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, and for other Purposes.

36. An act to amend the Boundaries of Burghs Extension (Scotland) Act.

37. An act to simplify the Mode of raising the Assessment for the Poor in Scotland.

38. An act to authorize the Inolosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

39. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858), relating to the Districts of Brighton, East Cowes, Preston, Morpeth, Bromsgrove, and Durham; and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

40. An act to make further Provision for the Management of Her Majesty’s Forest of Dean, and of the Mines and Quarries therein and in the Hundred of Saint Briavels in the County of Gloucester.

41. An act to enable the Admiralty to acquire Property for the Enlargement of Her Majesty’s Dockyard at Chatham in the County of Kent, and to embank Part of the River Medway;and for other Purposes connected therewith.

42. An act to continue the Duties levied on Coal and Wine by the Corporation of London.

43. An act to facilitate the Remedies on Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes in Ireland by the Prevention of frivolous or fictitious Defences to Actions thereon.

44. An act to remove Doubts respecting the Authority of the Legislature of Queensland, and to annex certain Territories to the Colony of South Australia, and for other Purposes.

45. An act to facilitate the Formation, Management, and Maintenance of Piers and Harbours in Great Britain and Ireland.

46. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to extend the Provisions of the said Act.

47. An act to facilitate the Construction and Improvement of Harbours by authorizing Loans to Harbour Authorities; to abolish Passing Tolls; and for other Purposes.

48. An act to provide for the Costs of certain Proceedings to be taken under the Landlord and Tenant Law Amendment (Ireland) Act (1860).

49. An act to enable Justices in Ireland to commit to local Bridewells Persons convicted of Drunkenness.

50. An act for facilitating the Transfer of Mortgages and Bonds granted by Railway Companies in Scotland.

51. An act for granting Pensions to some Officers and Men in the Metropolitan Police Force; and for other Purposes.

52. An act to empower the Governors of the several Australian Colonies to regulate the Number of Passengers to be carried in Vessels plying between Ports in those Colonies.

53. An act to provide that Votes at Elections for the Universities may be recorded by means of Voting Papers.

54. An act to confirm certain Appointments in India, and to amend the Law concerning the Civil Service there.

55. An act to amend the Laws regarding the Removal of the Poor and the Contribution of Parishes to the Common Fund in Unions.

56. An act to make Provision for Salaries for the Revising Barristers for the City of Dublin.

57. An act to continue an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty relating to private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

58. An act to continue an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty relating to the Collection of County Cess in Ireland.

59. An act to facilitate Proceedings before Justices under the Acts relating to Vaccination.

60. An act to amend the Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-nine, so far as relates to the Time thereby limited for the Publication of the Lists of Voters objected to in Ireland.

61. An act to amend the Local Government Act.

62. An act to amend the Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Sixteen, for quieting Possessions and Titles against the Crown, and also certain Acts for the like Object relating to Suits by the Duke of Cornwall.

63. An act to enable Grand Juries in Ireland to increase the Remuneration of County Surveyors, and for other Purposes.

64. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

65. An act to continue the Survey of Great Britain, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man.

66. An act to give Relief to Persons who may refuse or be unwilling, from alleged conscientious Motives, to be sworn in Criminal Proceedings.

67. An act to make better Provision for the Constitution of the Council of the Governor General of India, and for the Local Government of the several Presidencies and Provinces of India, and for the temporary Government of India in the event of a Vacancy in the Office of Governor General.

68. An act to amend the Laws relating to Attorneys and Solicitors in Ireland.

69. An act to provide for the Formation of Tramways on Turnpike and Statute Labour Roads in Scotland.

70. An act for regulating the Use of Locomotives on Turnpike and other Roads, and the Tolls to be levied on such Locomotives and on the Waggons and Carriages drawn or propelled by the same.

71. An act to provide for the Performance of Duties heretofore performed by the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland in relation to Advances and Repayments of Public Monies for Public Works.

72. An act to make further Provision for the Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery in Scotland.

73. An act to amend the Law relating to the Copyright of Designs.

74. An act to render lawful the Enlistment of Persons transferred from the Indian to the General Forces of Her Majesty, and to provide in certain respects for the Rights of such Persons.

75. An act for amending the Municipal Corporations Act.

76. An act to amend the Law relating to the Removal of Poor Persons to Ireland.

77. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

78. An act to repeal certain Enactments relating to nominating and appointing the Householders of Westminster to serve as Annoyance Jurors, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

79. An act to amend the Metropolis Gas Act.

80. An act to authorize Advances of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries for Employment of the Poor, and for facilitating the Construction and Improvement of Harbours; and for other Purposes.

81. An act to repeal the Provisions in certain Statutes relative to the Salary of the Lord Clerk Register in Scotland.

82. An act for making Provision for the good Government and Extension of the University of Durham.

83. An act to amend the Law regarding the Registration of County Voters in Scotland.

84. An act to amend the Law in Scotland relative to the Resignation, Powers, and Liabilities of gratuitous Trustees.

85. An act to authorize for a further Period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

86. An act to amend the Law regarding Conjugal Rights in Scotland.

87. An act to amend the Metropolitan Building Act (1855).

88. An act to vest in the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings a Portion of Saint James’s Park as a Site for Public Offices.

89. An act to increase the Amount payable out of the Revenues of India in respect of the Retiring Pay, Pensions, and other Expenses of that Nature, of Her Majesty’s British Forces serving in India.

90. An act to make Arrangements as to the Disposal and Management of Property belonging to the University of Edinburgh; and to regulate the Appropriation and Application of the Annuity of Two thousand five hundred Pounds payable from the Revenues of the Harbour and Docks of Leith under the Authority of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of Victoria, Chapter Fifty-five.

91. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

92. An act to amend the Law for the Collection of the Stamp Duties on Probates, Administrations, Inventories, Legacies, and Successions.

93. An act to provide for the Preparation, Audit, and Presentation to Parliament of annual Accounts of the Appropriation of the Monies voted for the Revenue Departments.

94. An act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Accessories to and Abettors of indictable Offences.

95. An act to repeal certain Enactments which have been consolidated in several Acts of the present Session relating to indictable Offences and other Matters.

96. An act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Larceny and other similar Offences.

97. An act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Malicious Injuries to Property.

98. An act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to indictable Offences by Forgery.

99. An act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of the United Kingdom against Offences relating to the Coin.

100. An act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Offences against the Person.

101. An act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing divers Acts and Parts of Acts which have ceased to be in force.

102. An act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Act (1860).

103. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

104. An act for establishing High Courts of Judicature in India.

105. An act to prevent the future Grant by Copy of Court Roll and certain Leases of Lands and Hereditaments in England belonging to Ecclesiastical Benefices.

106. An act to enable the Admiralty to close the Harbour of Portpatrick in Scotland during the Execution of certain Works in such Harbour sanctioned by Parliament.

107. An act to alter and amend the Law relating to Parochial and Burgh Schools, and to the Test required to be taken by Schoolmasters in Scotland.

108. An act to provide for the winding up the Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society.

109. An act to amend the Laws relating to Fisheries of Salmon in England.

110. An act for regulating the Business of Dealers in old Metals.

111. An act to amend "The Probates and Letters of Administration Act (Ireland), 1857."

112. An act for the Appropriation of the Seats vacated by the Disfranchisement of the Boroughs of Sudbury and Saint Alban.

113. An act for amending and consolidating the Law relating to Industrial Schools.

114. An act to amend the Law with respect to Wills of Personal Estate made by British Subjects.

115. An act for the Government of the Navy.

116. An act for the Appropriation in favour of the Military Knights and the Churches of Windsor of Two of the Canonries suspended in the Chapel of Windsor, and for making certain Provisions respecting the Naval Knights of Windsor.

117. An act to place the Employment of Women, young Persons, Youths, and Children in Lace Factories under the Regulations of the Factories Act.

118. An act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

119. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

120. An act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

121. An act to amend the Law. in relation to the Wills and Domicile of British Subjects dying whilst resident abroad, and of Foreign Subjects dying whilst resident within Her Majesty’s Dominions.

122. An act to continue the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act (1854).

123. An act to reduce and alter the Rate of Duty payable on Proceedings under the Statute of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Victoria, Chapter Seventy-two, Section Eighty-eight; and for other Purposes.

124. An act for amending the Law relating to the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District; and for other Purposes.

125. An act to enable Overseers in populous Parishes to provide Offices for the proper Discharge of Parochial Business.

126. An act to exempt the Volunteer Forces of Great Britain from the Payment of Tolls.

127. An act for limiting and regulating the Treasury Chest Fund.

128. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858), relating to the Districts of Plymouth, Weston-super-Mare, Llanelly, and Llandilo; and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

129. An act to enable Her Majesty to accept the Services of Officers of the Merchant Service as Officers of Reserve to the Royal Navy.

130. An act for amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament to amend the Law concerning the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder and Compositions of an explosive Nature, and concerning the Manufacture, Sale, and Use of Fireworks.

131. An act to continue the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England, and further to amend certain Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

132. An act for consolidating and amending the Law relating to Industrial Schools in Scotland.

133. An act to amend the Law relating to the Drainage of Land for Agricultural Purposes.

134. An act to amend the Law relating to Bankruptcy and Insolvency in England.

