Acts passed in 1862, 25 & 26 Victoria c.1 - c.114.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1862.
---

1. An act to apply the Sum of Nine hundred and seventy-three thousand seven hundred and forty-seven Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Servioe of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

2. An act to apply the Sum of Eighteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

3. An act to amend an Act, intituled An act to amend the Law relating to Supply Exchequer Bills, and to charge the same on the Consolidated Fund; and to repeal all Provisions by which Authority is given to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to fund Exchequer Bills.

4. An act to enable Her Majesty to issue Commissions to the Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces and Royal Marines, and to Adjutants and Quartermasters of Her Militia and Volunteer Forces, without affixing Her Royal Sign Manual thereto.

5. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

6. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

7. An act to provide for the Registration and Transfer of India Stocks at the Bank of Ireland, and for the mutual Transfer of such Stocks from and to the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

8. An act to prevent the Employment of Women and Children during the Night in certain Operations connected with Bleaching by the open-air Process.

9. An act to enable the Trustees of Sir John Soane's Museum to send Works of Art to the International Exhibition, 1862.

10. An act for continuing for a further limited Time and for extending the Operation of Orders made under "The Industrial Schools Act, 1861," and "The Industrial Schools (Scotland) Act, 1861."

11. An act to explain an Act, intituled An act for the better Government of Her Majesty's Australian Colonies.

12. An act for the Protection of Inventions and Designs exhibited at the International Exhibition of Industry and Art for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

13. An act for raising the Sum of One million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

14. An act to extend to the Isle of Man the Provisions of the Act Eighteenth and Nineteenth Victoria, Chapter Ninety, as to the Payment of Costs to and by the Crown.

15. An act to define the Powers of the President and Fellows of the King and Queen's College of Physioians in Ireland with respect to the Election of its Fellows.

16. An act for extinguishing certain Rights of Way through the Netley Hospital Estate in the Parish of Hound in the County of Southampton.

17. An act to extend the Time for making Enrolments under the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act to amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses, and to explain and amend the said Act.

18. An act to amend the Law as to the whipping of Juvenile and other Offenders.

19. An act to amend The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861.

20. An act respecting the Issue of Writs of Habeas Corpus out of England into Her Majesty's Possessions Abroad.

21. An act to amend the Law relating to the Transfer of Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland.

22. An act to continue certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue for the Service of Her Majesty, and to grant, alter, and repeal certain other Duties.

23. An act to amend "The Summary Procedure on Bills of Exchange (Ireland) Act (1861)".

24. An act to continue The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856, as amended by the Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Victoria, Chapter One hundred and thirty-eight.

25. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act 1858, relating to the Districts of Hanley, Stroud, Ilfracombe, Longton, Halifax, Ipswich, and Sandown.

26. An act to extend the Power of making Statutes possessed by the University of Oxford, and to make further Provision for the Administration of Justice in the Court of the Chancellor of the said University.

27. An act to authorize Payments for a further Period out of the Revenues of India in respect of the Retiring Pay, Pensions, and other Expenses of that Nature of Her Majesty's British Forces serving in India.

28. An act to alter and amend the Universities (Scotland) Act in so far as relates to the Bequest of the late Doctor Alexander Murray in the University of Aberdeen.

29. An act to amend and enlarge the Acts for the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

30. An act to amend an Act of the last Session for authorizing Advances of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries for Employment of the Poor, and for facilitating the Construction and Improvement of Harbours, and for other Purposes.

31. An act to apply the Sum of Ten Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

32. An act to continue the Act of the Second and Third Years of Victoria, Chapter Seventy-four, for preventing the administering of unlawful Oaths in Ireland, as amended by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Victoria.

33. An act for vesting in Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department the Lands of the Royal Military College at Sandhurst, and for completing certain Exchanges of Lands now or late of the said College.

34. An act for the Discontinuance of Portsdown Fair in the County of Southampton.

35. An act to amend the Acts for the Regulation of Public Houses in Scotland.

36. An act to appropriate certain Portions of Land lying between High and Low Water Mark, situate in the Parishes of Shoebury and Wakering in the County of Essex, as Ranges for the Use and Practice of Artillery.

37. An act to remove Doubts concerning, and to amend the Law relating to, the private Estates of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors.

38. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirits.

39. An act for enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to make Arrangements with the Red Sea and India Telegraph Company.

40. An act to carry into effect the Treaty between Her Majesty and the United States of America for the Suppression of the African Slave Trade.

41. An act for amending "The Rifle Volunteer Grounds Act, 1860."

42. An act to regulate the Procedure in the High Court of Chancery and the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

43. An act to provide for the Education and Maintenance of Pauper Children in certain Schools and Institutions.

44. An act to amend the Law relating to the giving of Aid to discharged Prisoners.

45. An act to amend "The West Indian Incumbered Estates Acts, 1854 and 1858."

46. An act for the better Regulation in certain Cases of the Procedure in the High Court of Chancery in Ireland.

47. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

48. An act respecting the Establishment and Government of Provinces in New Zealand, and to enable the Legislature of New Zealand to repeal the Seventy-third Section of an Act, intituled An act to grant a Representative Constitution to the Colony of New Zealand.

49. An act to authorize the Completion, after His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales shall attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, of Arrangements commenced during his Minority, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An act to enable the Council of His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales to sell and exchange Lands and enfranchise Copyholds Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, to purchase other Lands; and for other Purposes.

50. An act to amend certain Provisions of the Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapters Ninety-six, Ninety-seven, Ninety-nine, and One hundred, respectively, relating to Summary Jurisdiction in Ireland.

51. An act for confirming, with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, relating to Carrickfergus, Deal, Oban, Saint Ives, Tobermory, and Hastings.

52. An act to amend an Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, to prevent the future Grant by Copy of Court Roll and certain Leases of Lands and Hereditaments in England belonging to Ecclesiastical Benefices.

53. An act to facilitate the Proof of Title to, and the Conveyance of, Real Estates.

54. An act to make farther Provision respecting Lunacy in Scotland.

55. An act for the Settlement of a Loan due from the Island of Jamaica to the Imperial Government.

56. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

57. An act to authorize the Sale of Her Majesty's Bakehouse in Peascod Street, Windsor, and the Application of the Proceeds in the Purchase of Land or Buildings to be held with Windsor Castle.

58. An act to make further Provision with respect to the raising of Money for erecting and improving Parochial Buildings in Scotland.

59. An act to render Owners of Dogs in Ireland liable for Injuries to Sheep.

60. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

61. An act for the better Management of Highways in England.

62. An act to amend the Law relating to the Duration of contested Elections for Counties in Ireland, and for establishing additional Places for taking the Poll thereat.

63. An act to amend "The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854," "The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1855," and "The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853."

64. An act for the better Protection of Her Majesty's Naval and Victualling Stores.

65. An act for the more speedy Trial of certain Homicides committed by Persons subject to the Mutiny Act.

66. An act for the Safe-keeping of Petroleum.

67. An act for obtaining a Declaration of Title.

68. An act for amending the Law relating to Copyright in Works of the Fine Arts, and for repressing the Commission of Fraud in the Production and Sale of such Works.

69. An act for transferring from the Admiralty to the Board of Trade certain Powers and Duties relative to Harbours and Navigation under Local and other Acts; and for other Purposes.

70. An act for giving effect to a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of Denmark for the mutual Surrender of Criminals.

71. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

72. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

73. An act for continuing the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission, and entitling the Commissioners to Superannuation Allowance.

74. An act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to acquire additional Land for the Purposes of the "Public Offices Extension Act of 1859," by way of Exchange for Land already acquired but not wanted for the Purposes of the said Act.

75. An act to revive and continue an Act for amending the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland.

76. An act to amend "The Weights and Measures (Ireland) Act, 1860;" to abolish local and customary Denominations of Weight, and to regulate the Mode of weighing Articles sold in Ireland.

77. An act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

78. An act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal.

79. An act to amend the Law relating to Coal Mines.

80. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

81. An act to make perpetual An act to amend the Procedure and Powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

82. An act for the more economical Recovery of Poor Rates and other Local Rates and Taxes.

83. An act to amend the Laws in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Irelands and to continue the Powers of the Commissioners.

84. An act to continue the Duties of Excise on Sugar made in the United Kingdom, and to amend the Laws relating to the Duties of Excise.

85. An act to facilitate the Transmission of Moveable Property in Scotland.

86. An act to amend the Law relating to Commissions of Lunacy and the Proceedings under the same, and to provide more effectually for the visiting of Lunatics, and for other Purposes.

87. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Industrial and Provident Societies.

88. An act to amend the Law relating to the fraudulent marking of Merchandise.

89. An act for the Incorporation, Regulation, and Winding-up of Trading Companies and other Associations.

90. An act for rectifying a clerical Error in the Act of the present Session, Chapter Forty, with respect to the African Slave Trade Treaty.

91. An act to incorporate the General Council of Medical Education and Registration of the United Kingdom, and for other Purposes.

92. An act to limit the Time for proceeding to Elections in Counties and Boroughs in Ireland.

93. An act for embanking the North Side of the River Thames from Westminster Bridge to Blackfriars Bridge, and for making new Streets in and near thereto.

94. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

95. An act to amend the Law relating to Polling Places in the Boroughs of New Shoreham, Cricklade, Aylesbury, and East Retford.

96. An act to render tenable during good Behaviour the Office of the Officer of the Court of Common Pleas by whom the Certificates of Acknowledgment of Deeds of married Women are filed of Record.

97. An act to regulate and amend the Law respecting the Salmon Fisheries of Scotland.

98. An act for the Amendment of an Act of the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-nine, intituled An act to amend the Law concerning the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder and Compositions of an explosive Nature, and concerning the Manufacture, Sale, and Use of Fireworks, and of an Act amending the ladt-mentioned Act.

99. An act to amend the Bankruptcy Act (1861).

100. An act to authorize Improvement Commissioners acting as Burial Boards to mortgage certain Rates for the Purposes of the Burial Acts.

101. An act to make more effectual Provision for regulating the Police of Towns and populous Places in Scotland, and for lighting, cleansing, paving, draining, supplying Water to and improving the same, and also for promoting the Public Health thereof.

102. An act to amend the Metropolis Local Management Acts.

103. An act to amend the Law relating to Parochial Assessments in England.

104. An act for the Discontinuance of the Queen's Prison, and Removal of the Prisoners to Whitecross Street Prison.

105. An act to transfer the Roads and Bridges under the Management of the Commissioners of Highland Roads and Bridges to the several Counties in which the same are situate, and to provide for other Matters relating thereto.

106. An act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of County Surveyors in Ireland.

107. An act to give greater Facilities for summoning Persons to serve on Juries, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

108. An act to confirm certain Sales, Exchanges, Partitions, and Enfranchisements by Trustees and others.

109. An act to continue the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act (1854).

110. An act to enable Boards of Guardians of certain Unions to obtain temporary Aid to meet the extraordinary Demands for Relief therein.

111. An act to amend the Law relating to Lunatics.

112. An act for establishing the Jurisdiction of the Charity Commissioners in certain Cases.

113. An act to amend the Law relating to the Removal of poor Persons from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England and Ireland.

114. An act for the Prevention of Poaching.

