Public Acts passed in 1863, 26 & 27 Victoria c.1 - c.125.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1863.
---

1. An act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra of Denmark, and to settle certain Annuities on Her Royal Highness.

2. An act to make Provision concerning Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes payable in the Metropolis on the Day appointed for the Passage through the Metropolis of Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra of Denmark.

3. An act to extend the Credit for Payment of a Portion of the Excise Duty on Malt.

4. An act to extend for a further Period the Provisions of the Union Relief Aid Act of the last Session.

5. An act to amend the Law relating to the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers.

6. An act to apply the Sum of Ten Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

7. An act for altering the Duties on Tobacco, and permitting the Manufacture of Cavendish and Negrohead in Bond.

8. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

10. An act for prohibiting the Exportation of Salmon at certain Times.

11. An act for the Registration of Births and Deaths in Ireland.

12. An act to abolish the Office of Secretary at War, and to transfer the Duties of that Office to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

13. An act for the Protection of certain Garden or Ornamental Grounds in Cities and Boroughs.

14. An act to amend the Law relating to Post Office Savings Banks.

15. An act to apply the Sum of Twenty Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

16. An act for raising the Sum of One million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

17. An act for amending the Local Government Act (1858).

18. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

19. An act to amend the Law relative to the Sale of Hares in Ireland.

20. An act to further limit and define the Time for proceeding to Election during the Recess.

21. An act to amend the Law enabling Boards of Guardians to recover Costs of Maintenance of illegitimate Children in certain Cases in Ireland.

22. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

23. An act to alter the Boundaries of New Zealand.

24. An act to facilitate the Appointment of Vice Admirals and of Officers in Vice Admiralty Courts in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad, and to confirm the past Proceedings, to extend the Jurisdiction, and to amend the Practice of those Courts.

25. An act to make further Provision for the Investment of the Monies received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt from the Trustees of Savings Banks established under the Enactments of the Act Ninth George the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-two.

26. An act to facilitate the Drainage of Land in Ireland.

27. An act to amend the Law relating to Marriages in Ireland.

28. An act to give further Facilities to the Holders of the Public Stocks.

29. An act to amend and continue the Law relating to Corrupt Practices at Elections of Members of Parliament.

30. An act to authorize further Harbour Regulations for the Protection of Her Majesty's Ships, Dockyards, and Naval Stations.

31. An act for the Government of the Cayman Islands.

32. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858) relating to the Districts of Basford, Teignmouth, Kingston-upon-Hull, Nottingham, Bradford, Ryde, Bedford, Croydon, Batley, Berwick-upon-Tweed, Sheerness, and Bromsgrove.

33. An act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Inland Revenue; and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

34. An act to carry into effect an additional Article to the Treaty of the Seventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, between Her Majesty and the United States of America, for the Suppression of the African Slave Trade.

35. An act for the Prevention and Punishment of Offences committed by Her Majesty's Subjects in South Africa.

36. An act for carrying into effect the Report of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the State of the Dioceses of Canterbury, London, Winchester, and Rochester; and for other Purposes.

37. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

38. An act to amend the Act for placing the Employment of Women, Young Persons, and Children in Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works under the Regulations of the Factories Act.

39. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

40. An act for the Regulation of Bakehouses.

41. An act to amend the Law respecting the Liability of Innkeepers, and to prevent certain Frauds upon them.

42. An act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Victoria, authorizing the Sale of Mill Sites and Water Powers by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

43. An act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to sell and otherwise dispose of Land.

44. An act for the further Security of the Persons of Her Majesty's Subjects from personal Violence.

45. An act for making a new Street from Blackfriars to the Mansion House in the City of London in connexion with the Embankment of the River Thames on the Northern Side of that River, and for other Purposes.

46. An act for further continuing and appropriating the London Coal and Wine Duties.

47. An act for removing Doubts as to the Powers of the Courts of the Church of Scotland, and extending the Powers of the said Courts.

48. An act to repeal the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and for regulating in such Service the Payment of Regimental Debts and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in the Service.

49. An act giving Power to sell and dispose of Lands, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, and to purchase other Lands to be annexed thereto, and to regulate future Grants of Leases of the Possessions of the said Duchy; and for other Purposes.

50. An act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and to amend the said Act.

51. An act to amend the Passengers Act, 1855.

52. An act to further extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland.

53. An act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

54. An act for vesting in Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department certain Lands and Hereditaments at Walmer in the County of Kent.

55. An act to continue the Poor Law Board for a limited Period.

56. An act to make perpetual an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

57. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers in case of Death, and to make like Provision for the Cases of Desertion and Insanity, and other Cases.

58. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Management of the Charity of Sir Robert Hitcham, Knight, King's Serjeant, for the Benefit of Framlingham, Debenham, and Levington, in the County of Suffolk, and of Coggeshall in the County of Essex.

59. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Management of the Charities in the Borough of Ruthin in the County of Denbigh, comprising the Hospital of Christ and its subsidiary Endowments, the Grammar School, Edward Lloyd's Foundation, and Bishop Goodman's Charity.

60. An act to confirm a certain Provisional Order under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burgh of Leith.

61. An act to prevent Waywardens contracting for Works within their own District.

62. An act to amend the Law relating to the Seizure of growing Crops in Ireland.

63. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Land Drainage Act, 1861.

64. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858), relating to the Districts of Plymouth, Holywell, Llanelly, West Ham, Worthing, Aberavon, and Wallasey.

65. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Volunteer Force in Great Britain.

66. An act to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Ireland.

67. An act to enable Provision to be made out of the Funds of Greenwich Hospital for the Widows of Seamen and Marines slain, killed, or drowned in the Sea Service of the Crown.

68. An act to extend the Powers of the Act relating to the Main Drainage of the Metropolis.

69. An act to establish Officers of the Royal Naval Reserve.

70. An act to facilitate the Execution of Public Works in certain Manufacturing Districts; to authorize for that Purpose Advances of Public Money to a limited Amount upon Security of Local Rates; and to shorten the Period for the Adoption of The Local Government Act, 1858, in certain Cases.

71. An act for the Preservation and Improvement of Harwich Harbour.

72. An act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Howth.

73. An act to give further Facilities to the Holders of India Stock.

74. An act to enable Her Majesty to declare Gold Coins to be issued from Her Majesty's Branch Mint at Sydney, New South Wales, a legal Tender for Payments; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

75. An act for the Embankment of Part of the River Thames, on the South Side thereof, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and for other Purposes.

76. An act to determine the Time at which Letters Patent shall take effect in the Colonies.

77. An act to amend the Law relating to the Jurisdiction of Justices residing or being out of the County for which they are Justices.

78. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis North of the River Thames.

79. An act for the Amendment of the Law relating to the Religious Instruction of Prisoners in County and Borough Prisons in England and Scotland.

80. An act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of erecting a Central Arsenal.

81. An act to amend, so far a regards Advances for the Purposes of "The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861," certain of the Acts authorizing the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor.

82. An act to empower the Bishops of Welsh Dioceses to facilitate the making Provision for English Services in certain Parishes in Wales.

83. An act to define the Boundaries of the Colony of British Columbia, and to continue an Act to provide for the Government of the said Colony.

84. An act to confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures.

85. An act to give Relief to Persons who may refuse or be unwilling, from alleged conscientious Motives, to be sworn in Criminal Proceedings in Scotland.

86. An act to authorize the taking of Harbour Dues at Port Erin in the Isle of Man, in order to provide a Fund for the Improvement of the Harbour; and for other Purposes.

87. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks.

88. An act to enable Landed Proprietors to construct Works for the Drainage and Improvement of Lands in Ireland.

89. An act for the further Amendment of the Law relating to the Removal of poor Persons, Natives of Ireland, from England.

90. An act to provide for the Registration of Marriages in Ireland.

91. An act to extend for a further Period the Provisions of the Union Relief Aid Acts.

92. An act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions frequently inserted in Acts relating to Railways.

93. An act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions frequently inserted in Acts relating to Waterworks.

94. An act to amend the Law relating to the Repair of Turnpike Roads in England, and to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

95. An act for continuing various expiring Acts.

96. An act to amend the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act (1851), and the Petty Sessions Clerks (Ireland) Act (1858).

97. An act to enable Cities, Towns, and Boroughs of Twenty-five thousand Inhabitants and upwards to appoint Stipendiary Magistrates.

98. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

99. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

100. An act to render Owners of Dogs in Scotland liable in certain Cases for Injuries done Dy their Dogs to Sheep and Cattle.

101. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

102. An act to reduce the Duty on Rum in certain Cases.

103. An act to amend the Law in certain Cases of Misappropriation by Servants of the Property of their Masters.

104. An act for continuing certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Blackpool, Deal and Walmer, Exmouth, Rosehearty, Ilfracombe, Instow, Bangor, Chatham, Bray, Dartmouth, and Nairn.

105. An act to remove certain Restrictions on the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum.

106. An act to further amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses.

107. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

108. An act to extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination in Scotland.

109. An act for remedying certain Defects in the Law relating to the Removal of Prisoners in Scotland.

110. An act to amend the Lunacy Acts in relation to the building of Asylums for Pauper Lunatics.

111. An act to amend The Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society Winding-up Act, 1861.

112. An act to regulate the Exercise of Powers under Special Acts for the Construction and Maintenance of Telegraphs.

113. An act to prohibit the Sale and Use of poisoned Grain or Seed.

114. An act to amend the Laws relating to Fisheries in Ireland.

115. An act to explain the Act for the Amendment of the Law relative to gratuitous Trustees in Scotland.

116. An act to provide for the Appointment of Navy Prize Agents, and respecting their Duties and Remuneration.

117. An act to amend the Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855, with respect to the Seizure of diseased and unwholesome Meat.

118. An act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions frequently inserted in Acts relating to the Constitution and Management of Companies incorporated for carrying on Undertakings of a public Nature.

119. An act to prevent false Representations as to Grants of Medals or Certificates made by the Commissioners for the Exhibitions of 1851 and 1862.

120. An act for the Augmentation of certain Benefices, the Right of Presentation to which is vested in the Lord Chancellor.

121. An act to establish the Validity of Acts performed in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad by certain Clergymen ordained in Foreign Parts, and to extend the Powers of Colonial Legislatures with respect to such Clergymen.

122. An act to enable Her Majesty in Council to make Alterations in the Circuits of the Judges.

123. An act to amend the Law relating to District Parochial Churches in Ireland.

124. An act for the more effectual Condensation of Muriatic Acid Gas in Alkali Works.

125. An act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

