Acts passed in 1864, 27 & 28 Victoria c.1 - c.121.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1864.
---

1. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

2. An act to enable the Right Honourable Sir John Laird Mair Lawrence to receive the full Benefit of the Salary of Governor General of India, notwithstanding his being in receipt of an Annuity granted to him by the East India Company.

3. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

5. An act to apply the Sum of Five hundred and eighty-four thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

6. An act to apply the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

7. An act to amend the Law relating to Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes in Ireland.

8. An act to amend the Laws relating to Conveyancers, Special Pleaders, and Draughtsmen in Equity practising in Ireland.

9. An act to allow the making of Malt Duty-free to be used in feeding Animals.

10. An act to continue for a further Period certain Provisions of the Union Relief Aid Acts.

11. An act to apply the Sum of Fifteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

12. An act to amend the Laws relating to the warehousing of British Spirits.

13. An act to further extend the Time for making Enrolments under the Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An act to amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Lands for Charitable Uses, and otherwise to amend the said Law.

14. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861."

15. An act for making better and further Provision for the more efficient Despatch of Business in the High Court of Chancery.

16. An act to confirm the Appointment of Henry Pendock St. George Tucker Esquire as One of the Judges of Her Majesty's High Court at Bombay, and to establish the Validity of certain Proceedings therein.

17. An act for the Abolition of Vestry Cess in Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

18. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

19. An act to enable Joint Stock Companies carrying on Business in Foreign Countries to have Official Seals to be used in such Countries.

20. An act to remove certain Restrictions on the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in Ireland.

21. An act to indemnify certain Persons from any penal Consequences which they may have incurred by sitting and voting as Members of the House of Commons while holding the Office of Under Secretary of State.

22. An act to amend the Laws which regulate the Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Counties in Ireland.

23. An act to repeal Enactments relating to Naval Prize of War and Matters connected therewith or with the Discipline or Management of the Navy.

24. An act to provide for the Appointment, Duties, and Remuneration of Agents for Ships of War, and for the Distribution of Salvage, Bounty, Prize, and other Money among the Officers and Crews thereof.

25. An act for regulating Naval Prize of War.

26. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Southampton, Brighton, Hexham, Oswaldtwistle, Bolton, Ashford, Oswestry, Fareham, West Cowes, and Wilton.

27. An act for regulating the Proving and Sale of Chain Cables and Anchors.

28. An act to amend "The Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act, 1853," in relation to Jurors and Juries in the County of Cork.

29. An act to amend the Act Third and Fourth Victoria Chapter Fifty-four, for making further Provision for the Confinement and Maintenance of Insane Prisoners.

30. An act to provide for the Alteration of the Circuits of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, and for holding additional Circuit Courts.

31. An act to settle an Annuity on Mary Louisa Countess of Elgin and Kincardine, in consideration of the distinguished Services performed by the late James Earl of Elgin and Kincardine.

32. An act to enable certain Banking Copartnerships which shall discontinue the Issue of their own Bank Notes to sue and be sued by their public Officer.

33. An act to facilitate the Commutation and Sale of certain Vicarage Teinds in Scotland.

34. An act for amending the Law relating to Seats in the House of Commons of Persons holding certain Public Offices.

35. An act for more effectually regulating the Sale of Beer in Ireland.

36. An act to amend the Law relative to the Payment of the Shares of Prize and other Money belonging to deceased Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Land Forces.

37. An act to amend and extend the Act for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers.

38. An act to facilitate the Redemption of Chief Rents in Ireland.

39. An act to amend the Union Assessment Committee Act (1862).

40. An act for authorizing the Relinquishment in favour of the King of the Hellenes of certain Money payable in respect of the Greek Loan.

41. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Charity called "The Free Grammar School" in the City of Coventry.

42. An act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions and Parishes.

43. An act to grant additional Facilities for the Purchase of small Government Annuities, and for assuring Payments of Money on Death.

44. An act to amend the Act relating to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England, Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Eighty-five.

45. An act to further amend The Settled Estates Act of 1856.

46. An act to provide for the Investment and Appropriation of all Monies received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of Deferred Life Annuities and Payments to be made on Death.

47. An act to amend the Penal Servitude Acts.

48. An act for the Extension of the Factory Acts.

49. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

50. An act to amend an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to provide for the Registration and Transfer of Indian Stocks at the Bank of Ireland, and for the mutual Transfer of such Stocks from and to the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

51. An act to vest the Site of the India Office in Her Majesty for the Service of the Government of India.

52. An act to amend the Law relating to the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland.

53. An act to make Provision for Uniformity of Process in summary Criminal Prosecutions and Prosecutions for Penalties in the Inferior Courts in Scotland.

54. An act for the Union of the Diocesan Courts and Registries in Ireland; for the Regulation of the Mode of Procedure therein, and also in the Provincial Courts of Armagh and Dublin; and for Appeals therefrom.

55. An act for the better Regulation of Street Music within the Metropolitan Police District.

56. An act for granting to Her Majesty certain Stamp Duties; and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

57. An act to make Provision respecting the Acquisition of Lands required by the Admiralty for the Public Service, and respecting the Use and Disposition thereof, and the Execution of Works thereon.

58. An act for confirming a Provisional Order concerning Pilotage made by the Board of Trade under The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, relating to Hartlepool.

59. An act to continue the Deputy Commissioners in Lunacy in Scotland, and to make further Provision for the Salaries of the Deputy Commissioners, Secretary, and Clerk of the General Board of Lunacy in Scotland.

60. An act to enable Her Majesty to grant a Lease for Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years of the Building known as the College of Physicians in Pall Mall East.

61. An act for empowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to guarantee, and the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to advance, the Sums authorized to be borrowed for the Embankment of the Thames and Improvement of the Metropolis; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

62. An act for amending the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1863.

63. An act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

64. An act for further regulating the closing of Public Houses and Refreshment Houses within the Metropolitan Police District, the City of London, certain Corporate Boroughs, and other Places.

65. An act for amending the Law relating to the Removal of Clerks of the Peace.

66. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

67. An act to amend the Law in certain Cases relating to Trespasses in Pursuit of Game.

68. An act to amend the Local Government Act of 1858 so far as it applies to Oxford.

69. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

70. An act to substitute fixed instead of fluctuating Incomes for the Members of certain minor Corporations in certain of the Cathedral Churches in England.

71. An act for amending and extending the Railways, Ireland, Act, 1851, and the Railways, Ireland, Act, 1860.

72. An act to explain certain Provisions contained in the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863.

73. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

74. An act for raising the Sum of One million six hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

75. An act to amend the Law relating to certain Nuisances on Turnpike Roads, and to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

76. An act to make valid defective Registration of Deeds in certain Cases, and to substitute Stamps in lieu of the Fees now payable on Proceedings in the Registrar of Deeds Office in Ireland.

77. An act to repeal and in part to re-enact certain Acts of Parliament relating to the Ionian States, and to establish the Validity of certain Things done in the said States.

78. An act for impressing by Machinery Signatures of Names on Bank Notes and certain Bills of the Bank of Ireland.

79. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

80. An act to extend the Provisions of "The Criminal Justice Act, 1855," to the Liberties of the Cinque Ports and to the District of Romney Marsh in the County of Kent.

81. An act for amending the Act 11th & 12th George the Third, Cap. 17. (I.), in respect of the Charges on the Revenues of the Archbishopric of Armagh.

82. An act to guarantee the Liquidation of a Loan for the Service of the Colony of New Zealand.

83. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Kingston-upon-Hull, Stockport, Penzance, Shanklin, Portsmouth, Tunbridge Wells, Woolwich, and Tormoham.

84. An act for continuing various expiring Acts.

85. An act for the Prevention of Contagious Diseases at certain Naval and Military Stations.

86. An act to permit for a limited Period Compositions for Stamp Duty on Bank Post Bills of Five Pounds and upwards in Ireland.

87. An act to amend the Law relating to Publication of Accounts of Corn imported, and to Returns of Purchases and Sales of Corn.

88. An act for the better Regulation of the Traffic on Westminster Bridge, and for the Prevention of Obstructions thereon.

89. An act to amend The Defence Act, 1842.

90. An act to amend an Act of the present Session, Chapter Eighteen, as to the Stamp Duties on certain Letters or Powers of Attorney.

91. An act for the more effectual Protection of Her Majesty's Naval and Victualling Stores.

92. An act for annexing Conditions to the Appointment of Persons to Offices in the Governing Bodies of certain Public Schools and Colleges.

93. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Brighton, Eastbourne, Sandown, Walton-on-the-Naze, Clevedon, Rhyl, Bray, Kircubbin, Walton (Suffolk), Holywood, Exe Bight, Lytham, Ardglass, Filey, Greenock, Carlingford Lough, Wexford, Torquay, and Oban.

94. An act to remove Disabilities affecting the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland.

95. An act to amend the Act Ninth and Tenth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-three, for compensating the Families of Persons killed by Accident.

96. An act to enable certain Royal and Parliamentary Burghs in Scotland to avail themselves of the Provisions of the Acts Twenty-second and Twenty-third Victoria, Chapter Sixty-six, and Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and forty-six, for regulating the Sale of Gas.

97. An act to make further Provision for the Registration of Burials in England.

98. An act for extending the Provisions of "The Bleaching and Dyeing Works Act, 1860."

99. An act to amend the Procedure of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland.

100. An act to confirm certain Proceedings of the Justices for the County of Sussex.

101. An act to amend the Act for the better Management of Highways in England.

102. An act for amending the Harwich Harbour Act, 1863.

103. An act to authorize the Acquisition of Lands by the Admiralty with a view to the Extension of Portsmouth Dockyard, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

104. An act to extend the Powers of the Public Works (Manufacturing Districts) Act, 1863.

105. An act to explain the Statutes of Her present Majesty for amending the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor.

106. An act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to make Provision in regard to the Salaries of certain Sheriffs Substitute in Scotland.

107. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863."

108. An act to amend "The West Indian Incumbered Estates Acts."

109. An act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal.

110. An act for the Amendment of the Law relating to the Mitigation of Penalties.

111. An act to transfer certain Houses in and near Cranbourne Street in the City of Westminster from the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to Her Majesty, for the Considerations therein mentioned.

112. An act to amend the Law relating to future Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances.

113. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Conservancy of the River Thames; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

114. The Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

115. An act to prohibit the placing of poisoned Flesh and poisonous Matters in Plantations, Fields, and open Places, and to extend "The poisoned Grain Prohibition Act, 1863."

116. An act to make Provision for distributing the Charge of Relief of certain Classes of poor Persons over the whole of the Metropolis.

117. An act to render permissive the Use of the Metric System of Weights and Measures.

118. An act to amend the Acts relating to Salmon Fisheries in Scotland.

119. An act to make Provision for the Discipline of the Navy.

120. An act to facilitate in certain Cases the obtaining of further Powers by Railway Companies.

121. An act to facilitate in certain Cases the obtaining of Powers for the Construction of Railways.

