Acts passed in 1866, 29 & 30 Victoria c.1 - c.122
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1866
---

1. An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend, and detain for a limited Time, such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government.

2. An act to amend the Law relating to Contagious or Infectious Diseases in Cattle and other Animals.

3. An act to amend the Telegraph Act, 1863.

4. An act to amend the Law relating to Contagious Diseases amongst Cattle and other Animals in Ireland.

5. An act for amending the Laws relating to the Investments on account of Savings Banks and Post Office Savings Banks.

6. An act to apply the Sum of One million one hundred and thirty-seven thousand seven hundred and seventy-two Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

7. An act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Helena Augusta Victoria,

8. An act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert on his coming of Age.

9. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

10. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

11. An act for the Cancellation of certain Capital Stocks of Annuities standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

12. An act to make Provision for the Government of Jamaica.

13. An act to apply the Sum of Nineteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

14. An act for the Abolition of the Offices of Treasurer and of High Bailiff of County Courts as Vacancies shall occur, and to provide for the Payment of future Registrars of County Courts.

15. An act to amend the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and seven, to prevent the spreading of Contagious or Infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals.

16. An act for facilitating the public Exhibition of Works of Art in certain Exhibitions.

17. An act to regulate the Inspection of Cattle Sheds, Cowhouses, and Byres within Burghs and populous Places in Scotland.

18. An act to make Provision for the Transfer of the Assets, Liabilities, and Management of the Bengal, Madras, and Bombay Military Funds, the Bengal Military Orphan Society, and other Funds, to the Secretary of State for India in Council.

19. An act to amend the Law relating to Parliamentary Oaths.

20. An act to indemnify William Forsyth Esquire, One of Her Majesty's Counsel, from any penal Consequences which he may have incurred by sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons while holding the Office of Standing Counsel to the Secretary of State in Council of India.

21. An act to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire by compulsory Purchase or otherwise certain Lands, Houses, and Premises in the Parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster; and for other Purposes.

22. An act to render it unnecessary to make and subscribe certain Declarations as a Qualification for Offices and Employments; to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Office and Employment; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

23. An act to alter certain Duties of Customs in the Isle of Man, and for other Purposes.

24. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Winchester, Burton-upon-Trent, Longton, Accrington, Preston, Bangor, Elland, Halstead, Wadsworth, Canterbury, Dartmouth, Dukinfield, Stroud, and Bridlington, and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act.

25. An act to consolidate and amend the several Laws regulating the Preparation, Issue, and Payment of Exchequer Bills and Bonds.

26. An act to secure the Repayment of Public Moneys advanced for the Drainage and Improvement of Lands and other like Objects in Ireland.

27. An act to amend The Dockyard Extensions Act, 1865.

28. An act to enable the Public Works Loan Commissioners to make Advances towards the Erection of Dwellings for the Labouring Classes.

29. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the In closure Commissioners for England and Wales.

30. An act to amend The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861.

31. An act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Vestries and other Boards within the Area of the Metropolis Local Management Act.

32. An act further to amend the Procedure and Powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

33. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861."

34. An act to give further Facilities for the Establishment of Societies for the Assurance of Cattle and other Animals.

35. An act for the better Prevention of Contagious Diseases at certain Naval and Military Stations.

36. An act to grant, alter, and repeal certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

37. An act to amend an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King Geortge the Third, Chapter One hundred and twenty-three, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops.

38. An act to enable Boards of Guardians in Ireland to provide Coffins and Shrouds for the Burial of poor Persons who at the Time of their Death were not in receipt of Relief from the Poor Rates.

39. An act to consolidate the Duties of the Exchequer and Audit Departments, to regulate the Receipt, Custody, and Issue of Public Moneys, and to provide for the Audit of the Accounts thereof.

40. An act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the Purposes of Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

41. An act to amend the Nuisances Removal and Diseases Prevention Act, 1860.

42. An act to amend the Law relating to Life Insurances in Ireland.

43. An act for the Establishment and Regulation of Savings Banks for Seamen and Marines of the Royal Navy.

44. An act to encourage the Establishment of Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes in Ireland.

45. An act to extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Encouragement of the Sea Fisheries in Ireland, by promoting and aiding with Grants of Public Money the Construction of Piers, Harbours, and other Works.

46. An act to authorize the Town Council of Belfast to levy and pay Charges in respect of extra Constabulary.

47. An act to legalize the Payment and Distribution of Indian Prize Money by the Treasurer or Secretary of Chelsea Hospital, and to amend an Act for the consolidating and amending the Law relating to the Payment of Army Prize Money.

48. An act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary Adelaide Wilhelmina Elizabeth of Cambridge.

49. An act to provide for fthe better Maintenance of Works executed under the Acts for the Drainage of Lands in Ireland.

50. An act to revive Section Sixty-nine of "The Nuisances Removal (Scotland) Act, 1856," relating to Burials in Burghs.

51. An act to amend the Acts relating to Lunacy in Scotland, and to make further Provision for the Care and Treatment of Lunatics.

52. An act to extend the Law relating to the Expenses of Prosecutions, and to make Provision for Expenses on Charges pf Felony and certain Misdemeanors before examining Magistrates.

53. An act to amend certain Provisions of the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Act, 1860.

54. An act to amend the Law relating to the Qualifications of Revising Barristers.

55. An act to enable the Postmaster General to sit in the House of Commons.

56. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Clynder, Hastings, and Newlyn.

57. An act to make further Provision for the Enrolment of certain Deeds, Assurances, and other Instruments relating to Charitable Trusts.

58. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Ardglass, Blackpool (South), Cowes (West), Dawlish, Hopeman, Hornsea, Llandudno, Penzance, Plymouth (Hoe), Redcar, and Scarborough.

59. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

60. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

61. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), and the Acts amending the same.

62. An act to amend the Law relating to the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown.

63. An act to amend the Acts relating to the intended Courts of Justice.

64. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

65. An act to enable Her Majesty to declare Gold Coins to be issued from Her Majesty's Colonial Branch Mints a legal Tender for Payments; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

66. An act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in the New Forest.

67. An act for the Union of the Colony of Vancouver Island with the Colony of British Columbia.

68. An act to amend the Law relating to the granting of Pensions and Superannuation Allowances to Persons holding certain Offices connected with the Administration of Justice in England.

69. An act for the Amendment of the Law with respect to the Carriage and Deposit of dangerous Goods.

70. An act to extend the Provisions of the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land to certain Portions of the Forest of Dean called Walmore Common and The Bearce Common, and for authorizing Allotments in lieu of the Forestal Eights of Her Majesty in and over such Commons.

71. An act to facilitate the letting on Lease, feuing, or selling Glebe Lands in Scotland.

72. An act to authorize Advances of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and for the Employment of the Poor; and for the Purposes of The Harbours and Passing Tolls Act, 1861, The Cattle Diseases Prevention Act, 1866, and The Labouring Classes Dwellings Act, 1866.


73. An act to authorize for a further Period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

74. An act to repeal Part of an Act intituled An act for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

75. An act to amend and explain the Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Victoria, Chapter Fifty-eight, relating to Parochial Buildings in Scotland.

76. An act to provide for the Collection of Fees in Public Departments and Offices by means of Stamps.

77. An act to amend the Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Victoria, Chapter Forty-four, relating to the Erection of new Parishes quoad sacra in Scotland.

78. An act for removing Doubts respecting the Assessment of County Eates.

79. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Local Government Act 1858," relating to the District of Ventnor, and for the Repeal of the South Wales Highway Act in Briton Ferry District.

80. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861."

81. An act to amend the Law respecting Leases by Ecclesiastical Corporations, as far as relates to the Isle of Man.

82. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Standard Weights and Measures and to the Standard Trial Pieces of the Coin of the Realm.

83. An act to provide for the Acquisition of a Site for the Enlargement of the National Gallery.

84. An act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Profession of Attorneys and Solicitors in Ireland, and to assimilate them to those in England.

85. An act to facilitate the Establishment, Improvement, and Maintenance of Oyster and Mussel Fisheries in Great Britain.

86. An act for vesting the Glebe Lands of the Vicarage of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and for making Provision for the Endowment of the said Vicarage in lieu thereof; and for the Promotion of other Ecclesiastical Purposes connected therewith.

87. An act to amend the Foreign Jurisdiction Act.

88. An act to validate certain Licences granted in Ireland for the Establishment of Oyster Beds.

89. An act for vesting in the Conservators of the River Thames the Conservancy of the Thames and Isis from Staines in the County of Middlesex to Cricklade in the County of Wilts ; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

90. An act to amend the Law relating to the Public Health.

91. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year ending Thirty-first March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

92. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

93. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," relating to the Burgh of Aberdeen.

94. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

95. An act to enable the Public Works Loan Commissioners to make temporary Advances to Railway Companies in Ireland.

96. An act to amend the Bills of Sale Act, 1854.

97. An act further to promote the Cultivation of Oysters in Ireland, and to amend the Acts for that Purpose.

98. An act to extend the Duration of The Dockyard Extensions Act (1865).

99. An act to reduce the Number of Judges in the Landed Estates Court in Ireland, and to reduce the Duties payable under the Record of Title and Land Debentures Acts.

100. An act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to Prisons.

101. An act to make further Provision respecting the Fees payable in the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Offices belonging thereto, and respecting the Salaries of certain Officers of those Courts.

102. An act to continue various expiring Acts.

103. An act to amend an Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

104. An act to guarantee the Liquidation of Bonds issued for the Repayment of Advances made out of Public Funds for the Service of the Colony of New Zealand.

105. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to make further Provision concerning Turnpike Roads.

106. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of West Hartlepool, Tormoham, Harrogate, St Leonard, Wednesfield, Aberdare, Bristol, Derby, Shrewsbury, Nether-thong, Hove, New Windsor, Hanley, Burnley, and Accrington; and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act.

107. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Ramsgate, Leominster, Stalybridge, Lincoln, Maidstone, Banbury, Tunbridge Wells, Bedford, and Southampton; and for other Purposes relative to Districts under the said Act.

108. An act to amend the Law relating to Securities issued by Railway Companies.

109. An act to make Provision for the Discipline of the Navy.

110. An act to amend the Cattle Diseases Prevention Act.

111. An act to further amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

112. An act to make Provision in regard to the Mode of taking Evidence in Civil Causes in the Court of Session in Scotland.

113. An act to amend the Act providing Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions and Parishes, and to make other Amendments in the Laws relating to the Relief of the Poor.

114. An act to amend the Public Libraries Act.

115. An act to provide for the Government of the "Straits Settlements."

116. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

117. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to Reformatory Schools in Great Britain.

118. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to Industrial Schools in Great Britain.

119. An act to continue the Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One, intituled An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain for a limited Time such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government.

120. An act to make Provision for the Administration of the Patriotic Fund.

121. An act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Treaties of Extradition.

122. An act to make Provision for the Improvement, Protection, and Management of Commons near the Metropolis.

