
Acts passed in 1867, 30 & 31 Victoria c.1 - c.146
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1867
---

1. An act to further continue the Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One, intituled An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend, and detain for a limited Time, such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government.

2. An act for removing Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages between British Subjects at Odessa.

3. An act for the Union of Canada, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick, and the Government thereof; and for Purposes connected therewith.

4. An act to apply the Sum of Three hundred and sixty-nine thousand one hundred and eighteen Pounds Five Shillings and Sixpence out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Years ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six and the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

5. An act to repeal the Duties of Assessed Taxes on Dogs, and to impose in lieu thereof a Duty of Excise.

6. An act for the Establishment in the Metropolis of Asylums for the Sick, Insane, and other Classes of the Poor, and of Dispensaries; and for the Distribution over the Metropolis of Portions of the Charge for Poor Relief; and for other Purposes relating to Poor Relief in the Metropolis.

7. An act to apply the Sum of Seven million nine hundred and twenty-four thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight.

8. An act for facilitating in certain Cases the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to make Inquiry respecting Trades Unions and other Associations of Employers or Workmen.

9. An act to open the Professorships of Anatomy and Chirurgery, Chemistry and Botany, in the University of Dublin, to all Persons irrespective of their religious Creed; and to amend the Act 40 Geo. 3. (Ireland), Chapter Eighty-four.

10. An act to amend the Law relating to the Duties and Drawbacks on Sugar.

11. An act to facilitate the Recovery of Arrears of Alimony in certain Cases under Decrees and Orders of the Provincial and Diocesan Courts in Ireland.

12. An act to amend the Law relating to Criminal Lunatics.

13. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

15. An act for the Abolition of certain Exemptions from Local Dues on Shipping and on Goods carried in Ships.

16. An act for authorizing a Guarantee of Interest on a Loan to be raised by Canada towards the Construction of a Railway connecting Quebec and Halifax.

17. An act to regulate the Court and Office of the Lyon King of Arms in Scotland, and the Emoluments of the Officers of the same.

18. An act for the Preservation and further Protection of Oyster Fisheries.

19. An act to amend the Petty Sessions Act (Ireland), 1851, as to the backing of Warrants.

20. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

21. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Gainsborough, Farsley, Bideford, Canterbury, Chepping Wycombe, Worthing, and Wednesfield; and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under that Act.

22. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861."

23. An act to grant and alter certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

24. An act to amend an Act of the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-one, for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal.

25. An act to further continue the Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One, intituled An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend, and detain for a limited Time, such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government.

26. An act to provide for the Conversion of Twenty-four million Pounds Sterling of the National Debt into Terminable Annuities.

27. An act to allow Warehoused British Spirits to be bottled for Home Consumption.

28. An act to amend "The Labouring Classes Dwellings Acts, 1866."

29. An act to amend the Law in respect of the Sale and Purchase of Shares in Joint Stock Banking Companies.

20. An act to apply the Sum of Fourteen million Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight.

31. An act for raising the Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight.

32. An act to authorize further Advances of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and for the Employment of the Poor; for the Purposes of the Public Works (Manufacturing Districts) Acts, 1863, 1864; and to amend the Acts authorizing Advances for Public Works.

33. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Balbriggan, Cromer, Dingwall, Girvan, Rothesay, and Seaford.

34. An act for limiting the Period of Enlistment in Her Majesty's Army.

35. An act to remove some Defects in the Administration of the Criminal Law.

36. An act to authorize the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Borough and City of Chester and County of the same City, and the Portmote and Pentice Courts for the City of Chester, to be held at the Castle of Chester, and to confer additional Powers upon the Sheriff of the County of Chester in exoneration of the Sheriff of the City of Chester.

37. An act to amend and consolidate the Public Libraries Acts (Scotland).

38. An act for the Preservation of Bunhill Fields Burial Ground in the County of Middlesex as an open Space; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

39. An act for amending the Law with respect to the Accounts of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District; and for other Purposes relating to the Metropolitan Police.

40. An act to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire Lands for the Purposes of the New Palace at Westminster, and to construct an Embankment on the North Shore of the River Thames in the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster.

41. An act to make further Provision for the Enlargement of the National Gallery.

42. An act to amend the Law relating to the Landlord's Right of Hypothec in Scotland, in so far as respects Land held for Agricultural or Grazing Purposes.

43. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Acts amending the same.

44. An act to amend the Constitution, Practice, and Procedure of the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

45. An act to extend and amend the Vice-Admiralty Courts Act, 1863.

46. An act to amend the Law relating to the Office of County Treasurer in Ireland.

47. An act to amend the Companies Act, 1862, and also the Act passed in the Session held in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An act to simplify and amend the Practice as to the Entry of Satisfaction on Crown Debts and on Judgments.

48. An act for amending the Law of Auctions of Estates.

49. An act to confirm a certain Provisional Order under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the District of Halifax; and for other Purposes relative to the said District under that Act.

50. An act to afford further Facilities for the Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland.

51. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

52. An act to alter and amend the Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

53. An act to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the Public Debt and Interest due by the Limerick Harbour Commissioners, and to make Arrangements for the Payment of the Amount for which such Debt is to be compounded; and for the Transfer of Wellesley Bridge in the City of Limerick to the Commissioners of Public Works; and for other Purposes.

54. An act to amend the Law of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland.

55. An act to enlarge for the present Year the Time within which certain Certificates regarding Lunatics in Scotland may be granted.

56. An act to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the public Debt and Interest due by the Galway Harbour Commissioners, and to make Arrangements for the Payment of the Amounts for which such Debt and another Debt are to be compounded; and for other Purposes.

57. An act to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to compound the Public Debt due by the Commissioners of the Bridge across the River Blackwater near the Town of Youghal in the County of Cork, and for the Transfer of the said Bridge to the Grand Juries of the Counties of Cork and Waterford; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

58. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the City of Edinburgh.

59. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

60. An act to amend certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland.

61. An act for confirming a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade relating to the Construction of a Pier at Cleethorpes in the County of Lincoln.

62. An act to abolish a certain Declaration, commonly called the Declaration against Transubstantiation, the Invocation of the Saints, and the Sacrifice of the Mass, as practised in the Church of Rome; and to render it unnecessary to take, make, or subscribe the same as a Qualification for the Exercise or Enjoyment of any Civil Office, Franchise, or Right.

63. An act for the Appointment of a Stipendiary Magistrate for Chatham and Sheerness in the County of Kent.

64. An act to make further Provision for the Despatch of Business in the Court of Appeal in Chancery.

65. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Sheffield, Derby, Sherborne, Royton, Bedford (Lancashire), Slough, San down, Burton-upon-Trent, West Cowes, and Accrington.

66. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

67. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Oswaldtwistle, Devizes, Layton-with-Warbrick (Blackpool), and Harrogate, and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act.

68. An act to provide for the better Despatch of Business in the Chambers of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law.

69. An act to explain the Operation of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, intituled An act to amend the Law relating to the Administration of deceased Persons.

70. An act to provide for keeping safely the Public Records of Ireland.

71. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

72. An act for abolishing the Office of Vice-President of the Board of Trade and substituting a Secretary with a Seat in Parliament.

73. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Bray and Irvine.

74. An act to extend the "Trades Union Commission Act, 1867."

75. An act to remove certain Religious Disabilities affecting some of Her Majesty's Subjects, and to amend the Law relating to Oaths of Office.

76. An act to repeal certain Ordinances made for the Cathedral or House of Christ Church in Oxford by the Commissioners appointed under the Oxford University Act, 1854, and to substitute a new Ordinance in lieu thereof.

77. An act to validate certain Proceedings of the Grand Jury of the County of Wexford.

78. An act to amend The Tyne Pilotage Order Confirmation Act, 1865.

79. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," relating to the Burgh of Dundee.

80. An act to define the Duties of the Assessor of Railways in Scotland in making up the Valuation Roll of Railways, and to amend in certain respects the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts.

81. An act to simplify the Forms of Prorogation during the Recess of Parliament.

82. An act to alter certain Duties and to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

83. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Ramsgate, Tunbridge Wells, Bognor, Newport, Chesterfield, Malvern, Great Harwood, and Harrow; and for other Purposes relating to certain Districts under that Act.

84. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Vaccination.

85. An act to include the whole of the Burgh of Galashiels within the County, Sheriffdom, and Commissariot of Selkirk.

86. An act to alter certain Duties of Customs in the Isle of Man.

87. An act to facilitate the Transaction of Business in the Chambers of the Judges of the High Court of Chancery, and in the Offices of the Registrars and Accountant General of the said Court, and in Lunacy.

88. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

81. An act to render perpetual an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An act to permit for a limited Period Compositions for Stamp Duty on Bank Post Bills of Five Pounds and upwards in Ireland.

90. An act to alter certain Duties and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

91. An act to authorize an Alteration in the Mode of Repayment of a Loan made by the West India Relief Commissioners to the Island of Dominica.

92. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

93. An act to legalize certain Marriages solemnized at Morro Velho in Brazil.

94. An act to provide for the Inspection of Weights and Measures, and to regulate the Law relating thereto in certain Parts of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

95. An act to amend the Laws regulating the Superannuation Allowances of the Dublin Metropolitan Police.

96. An act to facilitate the Recovery of certain Debts in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

97. An act to facilitate the Administration of Trusts in Scotland.

98. An act to make better Provision for the Administration of the Patriotic Fund.

99. An act for confirming an amended Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Charity called Sir John Port's Hospital in Etwall and School in Repton in the County of Derby.

100. An act to make further Provision respecting the Naval Knights of Windsor.

101. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Public Health in Scotland.

102. An act further to amend the Laws relating to the Representation of the People in England and Wales.

103. An act for the Extension of the Factory Acts.

104. An act to amend and extend as to Railways in Ireland the Provisions of an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Victoria, intituled An act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament; and for other Purposes in relation to Railways.

105. An act to establish Equitable Councils of Conciliation to adjust Differences between Masters and Workmen.

106. An act to make the Poor Law Board permanent, and to provide sundry Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

107. An act to uncollegiate the Parish of Canongate within the Parliamentary Burgh of Edinburgh, to reduce the Amount of the Annuity Tax within the said Parish, and to make Provision for the Maintenance of Two Ministers therein.

108. An act to provide for the Guarantee of Persons holding Situations of Trust under Government by Companies, Societies, or Associations.

109. An act for extinguishing certain Rights of Way over and along Barrack Lane in the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks.

110. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts for rendering effective the Service of Chelsea and Naval Out-Pensioners and Pensioners of the East India Company, and for establishing a Reserve Force of Men who have been in Her Majesty's Service.

111. An act to form a Reserve of Men in the Militia to join Her Majesty's Army in the event of War.

112. An act to provide further Facilities for the Repair of Roads, Bridges, and other Public Works in Ireland in case of sudden Damage.

113. An act for facilitating the Distribution of Sewage Matter over Land, and otherwise amending the Law relating to Sewer Authorities.

114. An act to extend the Jurisdiction, alter and amend the Procedure and Practice, and to regulate the Establishment of the Court of Admiralty in Ireland.

115. An act to remove Disqualifications of Justices of the Peace in certain Cases.

116. An act to amend the Act of the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Victoria, Chapter Fifty, for regulating the keeping of Dogs, and for the Protection of Sheep and other Property from Dogs in Ireland.

117. An act to amend the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts.

118. An act to provide for the Appointment of the Officers and Servants of District Lunatic Asylums in Ireland, and to alter and amend the Law relating to the Custody of dangerous Lunatics and dangerous Idiots in Ireland.

119. An act for the Protection of Naval Stores.

120. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

121. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and to make further Provisions concerning Turnpike Roads.

122. An act for the Application of Surplus Fees paid by Suitors in the Superior Courts of Law and other Courts towards the Expenses of providing the intended Courts of Justice; and for other Purposes.

123. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Exeter, Devonport, Reading, Warley, and Midgley, and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act.

124. An act to amend The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

125. An act to continue and amend the Acts relating to Contagious or Infectious Diseases among Cattle and other Animals.

126. An act to amend the Law relating to Railway Companies in Scotland.

127. An act to amend the Law relating to Railway Companies.

128. An act for the Protection of War Department Stores.

129. An act to alter and regulate the Official Establishment of the High Court of Chancery and of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

130. An act for the Regulation of Agricultural Gangs.

131. An act to amend "The Companies Act, 1862."

132. An act to remove Doubts as to the Power of Trustees, Executors, and Administrators to invest Trust Funds in certain Securities, and to declare and amend the Law relating to such Investments.

133. An act relating to the Consecration of Churchyards.

134. An act for regulating the Traffic in the Metropolis, and for making Provision for the greater Security of Persons passing through the Streets, and for other Purposes.

135. An act for the Establishment of a Table of Fees to be taken on the Consecration of Churches, Chapels, and Burial Grounds, on the Ordination of Deacons and Priests, and on Visitations.

136. An act to enable the Courts of Referees to administer Oaths and award Costs in certain Cases, in the same Manner as Committees on Private Bills.

137. An act to validate certain Orders made by the Lord Lieutenant in Council under the Church Temporalities Acts in Ireland, and to increase the Stipends payable by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland to certain Incumbents in Ireland.

138. An act to authorize the Extension of the Period for Repayment of Advances made under The Railway Companies (Ireland) Temporary Advances Act, 1866.

139. An act to confirm Provisional Orders for the Quinagh and Parsonstown Drainage Districts respectively.

140. An act to authorize a Sale or Lease of the Royal Military Canal and its collateral Works; and for other Purposes.

141. An act to amend the Statute Law as between Master and Servant.

142. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Jurisdiction of the County Courts.

143. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

144. An act to enable Assignees of Policies of Life Assurance to sue thereon in their own Names.

145. An act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of tbe Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland.

146. An act for regulating the Hours of Labour for Children, Young Persons, and Women employed in Workshops; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

