Acts passed in 1868, 31 & 32 Victoria c.1 - c.130.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1868.
---

1. An act to apply the Sum of Two million Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight.

2. An act to grant to Heir Majesty additional Rates of Income Tax.

3. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Acts amending the same.

4. An act to amend the Law relating to Sales of Reversions.

5. An act for the Amendment of "The Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867."

6. An act to forbid the Issue of Writs for Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Boroughs of Totnes, Reigate, Great Yarmouth, and Lancaster.

7. An act to further continue the Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One, intituled An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend, and detain for a limited Time, such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against Her Majesty's Person and Government

8. An act to provide for the Acquisition of a Site for a Museum in the East of London.

9. An act to regulate the Disposal of extra Receipts of Public Departments.

10. An act to apply the Sum of Three hundred and sixty-two thousand three hundred and ninety-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ninepence out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Years ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven and the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight.

11. An act to amend an Act to make further Provision for the Despatch of Business in the Court of Appeal in Chancery.

12. An act to facilitate the Alteration of Days upon which, and of Places at which, Fairs are now held in Ireland.

13. An act to apply the Sum of Six million Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine.

14. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

15. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

16. An act to apply the Sum of Seventeen million Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine.

17. An act to farther continue and appropriate the London Coal and Wine Duties.

18. An act to give farther Time for making certain Railways.

19. An act for declaring valid certain Orders of Her Majesty in Council relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England and to the Deans and Chapters of certain Churches.

20. An act to enable Persons in Ireland to establish Legitimacy and the Validity of Marriages, and the Right to be deemed Natural-born Subjects.

21. An act to provide Compensation to Officers of certain discontinued Prisons.

22. An act to amend the Law relating to Places for holding Petty Sessions and to Lock-up Houses for the temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody and not yet committed for Trial.

23. An act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease of Frampton Mamsel in the Parish of Sapperton in the County of Gloucester.

24. An act to provide for carrying out of Capital Punishment within Prisons.

25. An act to extend the Industrial Schools Act to Ireland.

26. An act to enable certain guaranteed Indian Railway Companies to raise Money on Debenture Stock.

26. An act for raising the Sum of One million six hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine.

28. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Income Tax.

29. An act to amend the Law relating to Medical Practitioners in the Colonies.

30. An act to amend the Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Victoria, Chapter Forty-four, relating to the Formation of quoad sacra Parishes in Scotland, and to repeal the Act the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of Victoria, Chapter Seventy-seven.

31. An act to amend the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in Ireland in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the better Regulation of Stockbrokers.

32. An act for annexing Conditions to the Appointment of Persons to Offices in certain Schools.

33. An act for the Collection and Publication of Cotton Statistics.

34. An act to alter some Provisions in the existing Acts as to Registration of Writs in certain Registers in Scotland.

35. An act to extend the Provision in "The Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863," relating to permanent Improvements.

36. An act to make perpetual the Alkali Act, 1863.

37. An act to amend the Law relating to Documentary Evidence in certain Cases.

38. An act for the Appropriation of certain unclaimed Shares of Prize Money acquired by Soldiers and Seamen in India.

39. An act to give Belief to Jurors who may refuse or be unwilling from alleged conscientious Motives to be sworn in Civil or Criminal Proceedings in Scotland.

40. An act to amend the Law relating to Partition.

41. An act to make Provision in the Case of Boroughs ceasing to return Members to serve in Parliament respecting Rights of Election which have been vested in Persons entitled to vote for such Members.

42. An act to amend the Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty, by abolishing the Rate imposed by the said Act on all Occupiers of Premises within the extended Municipal Boundaries of the City of Edinburgh.

43. An act for extending the Provisions of The Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement (Loans) Act, 1864, and for amending the Powers of the Metropolitan Board of Works in relation to Loans under that Act.

44. An act for facilitating the Acquisition and Enjoyment of Sites for Buildings for Religious, Educational, Literary, Scientific, and other Charitable Purposes.

45. An act to carry into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the Emperor of the French concerning the Fisheries in the Seas adjoining the British Islands and France, and to amend the Laws relating to British Sea Fisheries.

46. An act to settle and describe the Limits of certain Boroughs and the Divisions of certain Counties in England and Wales, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

47. An act to amend "The Consecration of Churchyards Act, 1867."

48. An act for the Amendment of the Representation of the People in Scotland.

41. An act to amend the Representation of the People in Ireland.

50. An act to amend the Acts for the Administration of Prisons in Scotland in so far as regards the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

51. An act to amend the Law relating to Fairs in England and Wales.

52. An act to amend the Act for punishing idle and disorderly Persons, and Rogues and Vagabonds, so far as relates to the Use of Instruments of Gaming.

53. An act to continue in force an Act of the Second Year of King George the Second, Chapter Nineteen, for the better Regulation of the Oyster Fishery in the River Medway.

54. An act to render Judgments or Decreets obtained in certain Courts in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively effectual in any other Part of the United Kingdom.

55. An act to provide for the Collection by means of Stamps of Fees payable in the Supreme and Inferior Courts of Law in Scotland, and in the Offices belonging thereto; and for other Purposes relative thereto.

56. An act to amend the Act Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-six, for the safe keeping of Petroleum.

57. An act to make Provision for the Appointment of Members of the Legislative Council of New Zealand, and to remove Doubts in respect of past Appointments.

58. An act to amend the Law of Registration so far as relates to the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

59. An act to amend the Law relating to Reformatory Schools in Ireland.

60. An act to make better Provision for the Management and Use of the Curragh of Kildare.

61. An act for removing Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages between British Subjects in China and elsewhere, and for amending the Law relating to the Marriage of British Subjects in Foreign Countries.

62. An act to extend the Provisions of "The Renewable Leasehold Conversion (Ireland) Act" to certain Leasehold Tenures in Ireland.

63. An act to enable Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Failure of the Bank of Bombay to examine Witnesses on Oath in the United Kingdom.

64. An act to improve the System of Registration of Writs relating to Heritable Property in Scotland.

65. An act to amend the Law relating to the Use of Voting Papers in Elections for the Universities.

66. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

67. An act to amend the Law relating to the Funds provided for defraying the Expenses of the Metropolitan Police.

68. An act to facilitate Liquidation in certain Cases of Bankruptcy Arrangement and Winding-up.

69. An act to assimilate the Law in Ireland to the Law in England as to Costs in Actions of Libel.

70. An act to amend "The Railways (Ireland) Act, 1851," "The Railways (Ireland) Act, 1860," and "The Railways (Ireland) Act, 1864," as to the Trial of Traverses.

71. An act for conferring Admiralty Jurisdiction on the County Courts.

72. An act to amend the Law relating to Promissory Oaths.

73. An act to relieve certain Officers employed in the Collection and Management of Her Majesty's Revenues from any legal Disability to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

74. An act to extend the Powers of Poor Law Inspectors and Medical Inspectors in Ireland.

75. An act to amend the Law relating to Petit Juries in Ireland.

76. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

77. An act to amend the Law relating to Appeals from the Court of Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England.

78. An act to amend the Law relating to Proceedings instituted by the Admiralty; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

79. An act to further amend the Law relating to Railway Companies.

80. An act to amend the Contagious Diseases Act, 1866.

81. An act to authorize Loans of Public Money to the Pw'tpatrick and the Belfast and County Down Railway Companies, and a Payment to the Portpatrick Company in consequence of the Abandonment of the Communication between Donaghadee and Portpatrick.

82. An act to abolish the Power of levying the Assessment known as "Rogue Money," and in lieu thereof to confer on the Commissioners of Supply of Counties in Scotland the Power of levying a "County General Assessment."

83. An act to afford greater Facilities for the Ministrations of Army Chaplains.

84. An act to amend in several Particulars the Law of Entail in Scotland.

85. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

86. An act to enable Assignees of Marine Policies to sue thereon in their own Names.

87. An act to amend the Act of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-two, intituled An act to further extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland.

88. An act for transferring the Fee and other Funds of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland to the Consolidated Fund.

89. An act to alter certain Provisions in the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes, the Copyhold Acts, and the Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land; and to make Provision towards defraying the Expense of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Office.

90. An act to empower certain Public Departments to pay otherwise than to Executors or Administrators small Sums due on account of Pay or Allowances to Persons deceased.

91. An act to settle an Annuity upon Lieutenant General Sir Robert Napier, G.C.B., G.C.S.I., and the next surviving Heir Male of his Body, in consideration of his eminent Services.

92. An act to declare the Powers of the General Assembly of New Zealand to abolish any Province in that Colony, or to withdraw from any such Province any Part of the Territory thereof.

93. An act to remove Doubts respecting the Operation of the New Zealand Company's Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Victoria, Chapter Three hundred and eighty-two (Local and Personal).

94. An act to authorize the further Extension of the Period for Repayment of Advances made under the Railway Companies (Ireland) Temporary Advances Act, 1866.

95. An act to amend the Procedure in the Court of Justiciary and other Criminal Courts in Scotland.

96. An act to amend the Procedure in regard to Ecclesiastical Buildings and Glebes in Scotland.

97. An act to make Provision for the Audit of Accounts of District Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

98. An act to make Provision for the Payment of Salaries to Clerks of the Peace and Clerks of the Crown in certain Boroughs in Ireland.

99. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and to make further Provision concerning Turnpike Roads.

100. An act to amend, the Procedure in the Court of Session and the Judicial Arrangements in the Superior Courts of Scotland, and to make certain Changes in the other Courts thereof.

101. An act to consolidate the Statutes relating to the Constitution and Completion of Titles to Heritable Property in Scotland, and to make certain Changes in the Law of Scotland relating to Heritable Rights.

102. An act to alter the Qualifications of the Electors in Places in Scotland under the "General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," or under the Act Thirteen and Fourteen Victoria, Chapter Thirty-three, and to amend the said Acts in certain other respects.

103. An act to amend the Law which regulates the Burials of Persons in Ireland not belonging to the Established Church.

104. An act to amend the Bankruptcy Act, 1861.

105. An act for enabling Her Majesty to accept a Surrender upon Terms of the Lands, Privileges, and Rights of "The Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading into Hudsons Bay," and for admitting the same into the Dominion of Canada.

106. An act for the Prevention of the holding of unlawful Fairs within the Limits of the Metropolitan Police District.

107. An act to amend the Law relating to the Indorsing of Warrants in Scotland, Ireland, and the Channel Islands.

108. An act to amend the Laws for the Election of the Magistrates and Councils of Royal and Parliamentary Burghs in Scotland.

109. An act for the Abolition of compulsory Church Rates.

110. An act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to acquire, work, and maintain Electric Telegraphs.

111. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

112. An act to amend the Law of Registration in Ireland.

113. An act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called Saint James-the-Greater Chapel, Blakedown in the Parish of Hagley in the County of Worcester.

114. An act to amend the Law relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

115. An act to amend "The Sanitary Act, 1866."

116. An act to amend the Law relating to Larceny and Embezzlement.

117. An act to amend the District Church Tithes Act, 1865, and to secure Uniformity of Designation amongst Incumbents in certain Cases.

118. An act to make further Provision for the good Government and Extension of certain Public Schools in England.

119. An act to amend the Law relating to Railways.

120. An act to relieve the Consolidated Fund from the Charge of the Salaries of future Bishops, Archdeacons, Ministers, and other Persons in the West Indies.

121. An act to regulate the Sale of Poisons, and alter and amend the Pharmacy Act, 1852.

122. An act to make further Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in England and Wales.

123. An act to amend the Law relating to Salmon Fisheries in Scotland.

124. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

125. An act for amending the Laws relating to Election Petitions, and providing more effectually for the Prevention of corrupt Practices at Parliamentary Elections.

126. An act to enable Her Majesty the Queen to carry into effect a Convention made between Her Majesty and other Powers relative to a Loan for the Completion of Works for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Danube.

127. An act to prevent the Removal of the Tower of the Church of Saint Mary Somerset in the City of London, and for vesting the said Tower and the Site thereof, and a Portion of the Burial Ground attached to the said Church, in the Corporation of the said City.

128. An act to extend the Provisions of the Act Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, to Persons who have held the Office of Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands.

129. An act to amend the Law relating to the Registration of Ships in British Possessions.

130. An act to provide better Dwellings for Artizans and Labourers.

