Acts passed in 1871, 34 & 35 Victoria c.1 - c.117
From Public General Statutes, 1871
---

1. An act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Louise Caroline Alberta.

2. An act to repeal Section Twenty-two of "The Juries Act, 1870."

3. An act to empower Committees on Bills confirming or giving effect to Provisional Orders to award costs, and examine witnesses on oath.

4. An act to amend "The Stamp Act, 1870," in relation to Foreign Securities, Mortgages of Stock, and Proxy Papers.

5. An act to make provision for the Assessment of Income Tax.

6. An act to apply the sum of four hundred and sixty-two thousand five hundred and eighty pounds nine shillings and elevenpence out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand dight hundred and seventy and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

7. An act to apply the sum of five million four hundred and eleven thousand nine hundred pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

8. An act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of the West African Settlements to certain Offences committed out of Her Majesty’s Dominions.

9. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

10. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

11. An act to make further provision in reference to Loans obtained under the Poor Law Acts.

12. An act to further amend the Law relating to Fairs in England and Wales.

13. An act to facilitate Gifts of Land for Public Parks, Schools, and Museums.

14. An act to provide for the vesting of County Property in the Clerk of the Peace for the County.

15. An act to amend the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867.

16. An act to amend the Act of the second and third years of William the Fourth, chapter seventy-five, for regulating Schools of Anatomy.

17. An act to make provision for Bank Holidays, and respecting obligations to make payments and do other acts on such Bank Holidays.

18. An act to amend the Law disqualifying Attorneys, Solicitors, and Proctors in practice from being Justices of the Peace for counties.

19. An act for exempting persons professing the Jewish religion from penalties in respect of young persons and females professing the said religion working on Sundays.

20. An act to apply the sum of seven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

21. An act to grant Duties of Customs and Income Tax.

22. An act to amend the Law in Ireland relating to Commissions of Lunacy, and the proceeding under the same, and the management of the Estates of Lunatics; and to provide for the visiting and the protection of the Property of Lunatics in Ireland; and for other purposes.

23. An act for re-vesting in Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, the Rectory of Newelme alias Ewelme, in the county of Oxford.

24. An act for regulating the management by the Trustees of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland of certain trust properties for the said Church, and for other purposes.

25. An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain for a limited time persons suspected of being members of the Ribbon Society, or of being concerned in the commission of any crime or outrage under the direction or influence of the said Ribbon Society in the county of Westmeath, or in certain adjoining portions of the county of Meath and the King’s County; and to continue "The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870."

26. An act to alter the Law respecting Religious Tests in the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Durham, and in the Halls and Colleges of those Universities.

27. An act to remove doubts as to the power of Trustees to invest Trust Funds in Debenture Stocks.

28. An act respecting the establishment of Provinces in the Dominion of Canada.

29. An act to facilitate the Payment of Dividends on India Stocks.

30. An act for the further regulation of the Duties on Postage.

31. An act to amend the Law relating to Trades Unions.

32. An act to amend the Criminal Law relating to Violence, Threats, and Molestation.

33. An act to explain and amend the Burial Acts.

34. An act to extend in certain respects the power of Local Legislatures in India as regards European British subjects.

35. An act to transfer to the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings the property in and control over the buildings and property of the Police Courts of the Metropolis, and for other purposes relating thereto.

36. An act to extend the provisions of the Pension Commutation Acts, 1869 and 1870, to certain Public Civil Officers, and to consolidate and amend the said Acts.

37. An act to amend the Law relating to the Tables of Lessons and Psalter contained in the Prayer Book.

38. An act for amending the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867.

39. An act to amend the Metropolitan Building Act, 1855, by adding to the exemptions from Part I. of the Act the Buildings of the New Foreign Cattle Market on the site of Deptford Dock.

40. An act to alter and regulate the Proceedings and Powers of the Primitive Wesleyan Methodist Society of Ireland, and for other purposes.

41. An act to amend the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847.

42. An act to amend the Process of Citation in Scotland.

43. An act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Ecclesiastical Dilapidations.

44. An act to enable Clergymen permanently incapacitated by illness to resign their Benefices with provision of Pensions.

45. An act for amending the Law relating to Sequestration of Ecclesiastical Benefices.

46. An act for amending the Law relating to the appointment of the Gaoler, Chaplain, and Matron of the Prison of the City of Bath.

47. An act for amending the Acts regulating the borrowing of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto.

48. An act to repeal divers enactments relating to Oaths and Declarations which are not in force; and for other purposes connected therewith.

49. An act to amend the Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870.

50. An act for disqualifying Bankrupts from sitting or voting in the House of Lords.

51. An act to apply the sum of Ten million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

52. An act for raising the sum of Seven hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

53. An act to repeal an Act for preventing the assumption of certain Ecclesiastical Titles in respect of places in the United Kingdom.

54. An act to settle a Boundary within which a vote may be taken for the adoption of the Local Government Act by the District of Kingsholm in the county of Gloucester.

55. An act to amend the Law relating to Criminal and Dangerous Lunatics in Scotland.

56. An act to provide further Protection against Dogs.

57. An act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings to acquire additional Lands for improving the site of the Courts of Justice and the various Offices belonging to the same.

58. An act to amend the Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870.

59. An act to amend "The Public Libraries (Scotland) Act, 1867," and to give additional facilities to the Local Authorities entrusted with carrying the same into execution.

60. An act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868.

61. An act to amend the Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869.

62. An act to enable Her Majesty to make regulations relative to the leave of absence of Indian Bishops on furlough and medical certificates.

63. An act to amend the Law respecting the granting of Charters in certain cases.

64. An act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Arthur William Patrick Albert on his coming of age.

65. An act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Juries, in Ireland.

66. An act to amend and define the Law relating to private Chapels, and to Chapels belonging to Colleges, Schools, Hospitals, Asylums, and other public institutions.

67. An act to amend the Municipal Corporation Act of 1859, with respect to the division of Boroughs into Wards.

68. An act to determine the Boundaries of the Barony and Regality of Glasgow for purposes of Registration.

69. An act to enable the Board of Trade to dispense with certain provisions of the Tramways Act, 1870, in respect of certain Provisional Orders.

70. An act for constituting a Local Government Board, and vesting therein certain functions of the Secretary of State and Privy Council concerning the Public Health and Local Government, together with the powers and duties of the Poor Law Board.

71. An act to aniend the Public Libraries Act, 1855.

72. An act for the further protection of Purchasers against Crown Debts, and for amending the Laws relating to the office of the Registrar of Judgments and other offices of the Court of Chancery, Ireland.

73. An act for making Regulations as to the office of Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster.

74. An act to abolish Days of Grace in the case of Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes payable at Sight or on Presentation.

75. An act for enabling a further sum to be raised for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1870.

76. An act to amend the law relating to the Recovery of Small Debts and to Summary Jurisdiction in Ireland.

77. An act to disfranchise certain Voters for the City of Norwich.

78. An act to amend the Law respecting the Inspection and Regulation of Railways.

79. An act to protect the Goods of Lodgers against Distresses for Rent due to the Superior Landlord.

80. An act to explain and amend the Law relating to Industrial and Provident Societies.

81. An act to abolish Reductions ex capita lecti in Scotland.

82. Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1871.

83. An act for enabling the House of Commons and any Committee thereof to administer Oaths to Witnesses.

84. An act to amend "The Limited Owners Residences Act, 1870."

85. An act to make further provision respecting the opening and working of Mines and Quarries in Her Majesty’s Forest of Dean, and in the hundred of Saint Briavels, in the county of Gloucester; and for other purposes connected therewith.

86. An act for the better Regulation of the Regular and Auxiliary Land Forces of the Crown; and for other purposes relating thereto.

87. An act to amend the Law with respect to Prosecutions for Offences against the Act of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, chapter seven, intituled "An act for the better observation of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday."

88. An act to restrict during a limited time the grant by Justices of the Peace of new Licenses and Certificates for the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors by Retail; and for other purposes.

89. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

90. An act to amend the Law relating to the Union of Benefices.

91. An act to make further provision for the despatch of business by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

92. An act to amend the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870.

93. An act to amend the Act twelfth and thirteenth Victoria, chapter eighty-one; and to extend the provisions of that Act and The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, so far as regards that part of Waltham Forest known as Epping Forest.

94. An act to amend Paragraph Three of the Second Schedule of the Elementary Education Act, 1870.

95. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

96. An act for granting Certificates to Pedlars.

97. An act for making provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the ensuing Autumn.

98. An act to amend the Vaccination Act, 1867.

99. An act to amend the Procedure in the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland.

100. An act to amend "The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870."

101. An act to amend the Law respecting the proving and sale of Chain Cables and Anchors.

102. An act to amend the Laws of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland.

103. An act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue.

104. An act to amend the Acts relating to Factories and Workshops.

105. An act for the safe keeping of Petroleum and other substances of a like nature.

106. An act to make provision for the separation from Counties in Ireland of detached and isolated portions of Land separated from the same by the Sea, and for the annexation of such Lands to Counties more conveniently situated for parliamentary, grand jury, and other purposes; and also to provide for the presentment of moneys by Grand Juries in certain cases.

107. An act for the Federation and general Government of the Leeward Islands.

108. An act to regulate and control the Discharge of Paupers from Workhouses and Wards provided for the Casual Poor.

109. An act to amend the Law relating to the Local Government of Towns and populous Places in Ireland.

110. An act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts.

111. An act to amend "The Beerhouses (Ireland) Act, 1864," and for other purposes relating thereto.

112. An act for the more effectual Prevention of Crime.

113. An act to amend "The Metropolis Water Act, 1852;" and to make further provision for the due Supply of Water to the Metropolis and certain places in the neighbourhood thereof.

114. An act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 and 1861.

115. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and to make further provisions concerning Turnpike Roads.

116. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

117. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the several Charities founded by the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tancred, of Whixley in the county of York, Esquire, deceased.

