Acts passed in 1872, 35 & 36 Victoria c.1 - c.98
From Public General Statutes, 1872
---

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

2. An Act to extend and explain the Law relating to Loans for purposes connected with the Relief of the Poor.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

5. An Act to amend the Charter under which the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland is incorporated.

6. An Act to amend The Public Parks (Ireland) Act, 1869.

7. An Act to amend the Law respecting the borrowing of Money by County Authorities for County Buildings.

8. An Act to provide for the Resignation of Deans and Canons.

9. An Act to continue the Appointment and Jurisdiction of the Commissioners for the Sale of Incumbered Estates in the West Indies.

10. An Act to extend the provisions of the Acts relating to Marriages in England and Ireland, so far as they relate to Marriages according to the usages of the Society of Friends.

11. An Act to apply the sum of Six million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

12. An Act to amend an Act of the fourth and fifth years of King William the Fourth, chapter twenty-four, intituled "An Act to alter, amend, and consolidate the laws for regulating the pensions, compensations, and allowances to be made to persons in respect of their having held civil offices in His Majesty’s service."

13. An Act to amend The Irish Church Act, 1869, so far as respects a Vacancy in the office of Commissioner of Church Temporalities in Ireland.

14. An Act for the Alteration of Boundaries of Dioceses.

15. An Act for the Regulation of the Royal Parks and Gardens.

16. An Act to amend the Cattle Disease (Ireland) Act Amendment Act, 1870.

17. An Act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland. 145

18. An Act for regulating Inquiries by the Board of Trade.

19. An Act for the Prevention and Punishment of Criminal Outrages upon Natives of the Islands in the Pacific Ocean.

20. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to alter other Duties.

21. An Act to amend the Law relating to Reformatory and Industrial Schools.

22. An Act to repeal an Act, intituled "An Act to restrain Party Processions in Ireland."

23. An Act for amending the Law relating to the Harbours and Coasts of the Isle of Man.

24. An Act to facilitate the Incorporation of Trustees of Charities for Religious, Educational, Literary, Scientific, and Public Charitable Purposes, and the Enrolment of certain Charitable Trust Deeds.

25. An Act to amend the Juries Act (Ireland), 1871.

26. An Act to amend the practice of the Courts of Law with respect to the Review of the Decisions of Justices.

27. An Act to amend the Elementary Education Act, 1870.

28. An Act to amend the Practice and Procedure of the Crown Side of the Court of Queen’s Bench in Ireland.

29. An Act to amend the Act of the Session of the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirteen, intituled "An Act to authorise the Payment of Retiring Pensions to Colonial Governors."

30. An Act to suspend the compulsory Operation of the Chain Cables and Anchors Act, 1871.

31. An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the Drainage and Improvement of Lands in Ireland.

32. An Act to explain and amend the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, so far as relates to the Purchase by Tenants of their Holdings.

33. An Act to amend the Law relating to Procedure at Parliamentary and Municipal Elections.

34. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Election of Directors of the Bank of England.

35. An Act for the Amendment of the Act of Uniformity.

36. An Act to render it unlawful to demand any Fee or Reward for the Celebration of the Sacrament of Baptism, or the Registry thereof.

37. An Act to apply the sum of eight million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

38. An Act for the better Protection of Infant Life.

39. An Act for amending the Law in certain cases in relation to Naturalization.

40. An Act for continuing the Bishops Resignation Act, 1869.

41. An Act to amend the Life Assurance Companies Acts, 1870 and 1871.

42. An Act to amend an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty for enabling Grand Juries in Ireland to borrow money from private sources on the security of Presentment, and for transferring to counties certain works constructed wholly or in part with public money.

43. An Act to enable the Board of Trade to dispense with certain provisions of the Tramways Act, 1870, in respect of certain Provisional Orders.

44. An Act to abolish the office of Accountant General of the High Court of Chanoery in England, and to amend the law respecting the investment of money paid into that Court, and the security and management of the moneys and effects of the suitors thereof.

45. An Act to carry into effect a Treaty between Her Majesty and the United States of America.

46. An Act to make further provision for Arbitration between Masters and Workmen.

47. An Act to amend the Act of the thirtieth and thirty-first years of Victoria, chapter eighty-five, intituled "An Act to include the whole of the Burgh of Galashiels within the County, Sheriffdom, and Commissariot of Selkirk."

48. An Act to amend the Law relating to the defining of Boundaries of Counties and other Divisions and Denominations of Land in Ireland.

49. An Act to provide for the free Use of Seats in certain Churches.

50. An Act to protect Railway Rolling Stock from Distraint when on hire.

51. An Act for amending the Law relating to the Salaries of Judges.

52. An Act to regulate the summoning of Grand Juries in Middlesex.

53. An Act to confirm an Agreement for the purchase by the Metropolitan Board of Works of certain land adjoining Victoria Park, and for the appropriation of such land as part of the same Park.

54. An Act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868.

55. An Act for making better provision for the erection of Lighthouses on the Great Basses Rock, and on the Little Basses Rock, in the colony of Ceylon.

56. An Act to settle an annuity on the Honourable Blanche Julia Countess of Mayo, in consideration of the eminent services of the late Earl of Mayo as Viceroy and Governor General of India.

57. An Act for the Abolition of Imprisonment for Debt in Ireland, and for the Punishment of fraudulent Debtors, and for other purposes relating thereto.

58. An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Bankruptcy in Ireland.

59. An Act to amend Paragraph Three of the Second Schedule of the Elementary Education Act, 1870.

60. An Act for the better prevention of Corrupt Practices at Municipal Elections, and for establishing a Tribunal for the trial of the validity of such Elections.

61. An Act to regulate the use of Steam Whistles in certain Manufactories.

62. An Act to amend and extend the provisions of the Law of Scotland on the subject of Education.

63. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

64. An Act for making provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the ensuing Autumn.

65. An Act to amend the Bastardy Laws.

66. An Act to amend the Royal Military Canal Act, 1867.

67. An Act for making further provision respecting the application of the Revenues of Greenwich Hospital.

68. An Act to make provision for defraying the Expenses of building Barracks and otherwise providing for the Localization of the Military Forces.

69. An Act for constituting a Local Government Board in Ireland, and vesting therein certain functions of the Lord Lieutenant, the Privy Council, and the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, concerning the Public Health and Local Government, together with the powers and duties of the Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland.

70. An Act to make better provision respecting certain Fees payable to the Law Officers of the Crown for England.

71. An Act to authorise advances to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for enabling them to make Loans to School Boards in pursuance of the Elementary Education Act, 1870.

72. An Act to confirm a certain Provisional Order made under an Act of the fifteenth year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

73. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts and the Passenger Acts.

74. An Act to amend the Law for the prevention of Adulteration of Food and Drink and of Drugs.

75. An Act to provide for the appointment of Commissioners in the Channel Islands, and also in the City of Dublin and its vicinity, to take Affidavits to be used in the Superior Courts of Common Law and other Courts in Ireland.

76. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Regulation of Coal Mines and certain other Mines.

77. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Metalliferous Mines.

78. An Act for the Protection of certain Wild Birds during the Breeding Season.

79. An Act to amend the Law relating to Public Health.

80. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Treasury to pay into the High Court of Chancery in England certain moneys being the amount paid to the Paymaster General on account of Her Majesty’s Treasury in respect of the non-completion of the railway authorised by "The Kensington Station and North and South London Junction Railway Act, 1859."

81. An Act to amend the Attorneys and Solicitors Act, 1860, by extending to Members of the Faculty of Advocates in Scotland the privileges conferred therein on Writers to the Signet, Solicitors before the Supreme Courts, and Procurators before the Sheriff Courts.

82. An Act to abolish Poundage for the Collection of Income Tax in public Departments.

83. An Act to extend the provisions of the Pensions Commutation Act, 1871, to Officers and Clerks of Telegraph Companies who are entitled to Annuities.

84. An Act to amend the Law relating to the appointment of Revising Barristers.

85. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and to make further provisions concerning Turnpike Roads.

86. An Act to amend the Law relating to Borough and other Local Courts of Record.

87. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

88. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

89. An Act to amend the Act providing Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions in Ireland.

90. An Act to amend "The Irish Church Act, 1869."

91. An Act to authorise the application of Funds of Municipal Corporations and other governing bodies in certain cases.

92. An Act to render unnecessary the general Appointment of Parish Constables.

93. An Act for consolidating, with Amendments, the Acts relating to Pawnbrokers in Great Britain.

94. An Act for regulating the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors.

95. An Act to enlarge the powers of the Epping Forest Commissioners; and for other purposes.

96. An Act to amend the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871; and for other purposes.

97. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

98. An Act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary in Ireland.

