Acts passed in 1873, 36 & 37 Victoria c.1 - c.91
From Public General Statutes, 1873
---

1. An act for legalizing certain Marriages solemnized in Cove Chapel in Pitt Portion in the parish of Tiverton, Devon.

2. An act to make special provisions in relation to the Constitution of certain Polling Districts at Parliamentary Elections in Ireland.

3. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

4. An act to confirm an Agreement for a Lease by the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings to the Governors and Proprietors of King’s College, London, of a piece of land on the Victoria Embankment annexed to Somerset House, and to give the said Commissioners further powers of leasing the said piece of land.

5. An act to extend the time for the Epping Forest Commissioners to make their final report.

6. An act to enable Her Majesty by Order in Council to annex the Turks and Caicos Islands to the Colony of Jamaica.

7. An act to enlarge the time within which an Address by either House of Parliament against certain Schemes made under the Endowed Schools Act, 1869, may be presented to Her Majesty.

8. An act to make provision for the Assessment of Income Tax, and as to Assessors in the Metropolis.

9. An act to amend the Bastardy Laws.

10. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

12. An act to amend the Law as to the Custody of Infants.

13. An act to discontinue the Office of Special Commissioners of Salmon Fisheries in England.

14. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Harbour of Portpatrick in Scotland, and to vest the Lighthouse of Portpatrick in the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses.

15. An act to amend the New Zealand Roads, &c. Loan Act, 1870.

16. An act to amend the Law relating to Marriages in Ireland in certain cases.

17. An act to provide for the Redemption or Commutation of the Dividend on the Capital Stock of the East India Company, and for the transfer of the Security Fund of the India Company to the Secretary of State in Council of India, and for the Dissolution of the East India Company.

18. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to alter other Duties.

19. An act for making better provision for the management in certain cases of Lands allotted under Local Acts of Inclosure for the benefit of the Poor.

20. An act for legalizing Marriages solemnized in Fulford Chapel, in the Parish of Stone, Staffordshire.

21. An act to abolish Tests in Trinity College and the University of Dublin.

22. An act to amend the law with respect to Customs Duties in the Australian Colonies.

23. An act to amend the law relating to the grant of Superannuation Allowances and Gratuities to certain persons who entered the permanent Civil Service of the State between the passing of the Superannuation Act, 1859, and the fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seventy.

24. An act to continue the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, and The Protection of Life and Property in certain Parts of Ireland Act, 1871.

25. An act for legalizing Marriages solemnized in Gretton Chapel, in the Parish of Winchcomb, Gloucestershire.

26. An act to apply the sum of Twelve million Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

27. An act to amend the Law relating to Juries in Ireland.

28. An act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called "Saint John the Evangelist" Chapel, Eton, in the Parish of Eton, in the County of Buckingham.

29. An act to alter the Duties of Customs upon Sugar in the Isle of Man.

30. An act to amend the Law of Registration in Ireland so far as relates to the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and for other purposes relating thereto.

31. An act to extend to Suits for Nullity of Marriage the Law with respect to the Intervention of Her Majesty’s Proctor and others in Suits in England for dissolving Marriages.

32. An act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

33. An act to facilitate the Proof of Byelaws and Proceedings of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales.

34. An act to amend an Act passed in a session held in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter one hundred and sixteen, intituled An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland.

35. An act to amend the Law relating to Securities for Loans contracted by County Authorities.

36. An act for making provision as to certain portions of Her Majesty’s Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and for other purposes relating thereto.

37. An act to amend the Law relating to Fairs in England and Wales.

38. An act to amend an Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of His Majesty George the Fourth, chapter eighty-three, intituled "An act for the punishment of idle and disorderly persons and rogues and vagabonds in that part of Great Britain called England," and to repeal "The Vagrant Act Amendment Act, 1868."

39. An act to amend the Act of the third and fourth years of Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirteen, for the Regulation of Cathedrals, and to facilitate the Endowment of Canonries by private benefaction.

40. An act to authorise the acquisition and appropriation by the Metropolitan Board of Works of certain land reclaimed from the River Thames in pursuance of the Thames Embankment Act, 1862.

41. An act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868, as to the Property of Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools.

42. An act for amending the Tithe Commutation Acts with respect to Market Gardens.

43. An act to enable Indian Railway Companies to issue and register Shares and Securities in India.

44. An act to facilitate the payment of certain annuities for life or years payable by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

45. An act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Treasury to guarantee the payment of a loan to be raised by the Government of Canada for the construction of public works in that country, and to repeal the Canada Defences Loan Act, 1870.

46. An act to afford facilities for the Transfer to the Grand Juries of the counties of Cork and Waterford of the bridge across the River Blackwater, near the town of Youghal; and for other purposes relating thereto.

47. An act to amend an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Treasury to compound the public debt due by the Commissioners of the bridge across the River Blackwater, near the town of Youghal, in the county of Cork, and for the transfer of the said bridge to the Grand Juries of the counties of Cork and Waterford; and for other purposes relating thereto."

48. An act to make better provision for carrying into effect the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, and for other purposes connected therewith.

49. An act to authorise Advances to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for enabling them to make Loans to School Boards in pursuance of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, and to Sanitary Authorities in pursuance of the Public Health Act, 1872.

50. An act to afford further facilities for the Conveyance of Land for Sites for Places of Religious Worship and for Burial Places.

51. An act to amend the Law relating to the Superannuation of Prison Officers in Ireland.

52. An act for the Relief of Widows and Children of Intestates where the personal estate is of small value.

53. An act to make better provision respecting certain sums payable to Schoolmasters of Highland Schools under the Act of the session of the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-seven, intituled "An act to facilitate the foundation and endowment of additional Schools in Scotland."

54. An act to raise the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds sterling by Exchequer Bonds for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

55. An act to amend the Medical Acts so far as relates to the University of London.

56. An act to reduce the Limit of the available Balance of the Treasury Chest Fund.

57. An act to make provision for the Redemption of divers permanent Charges on the Consolidated Fund and on the Votes of Parliament.

58. An act for making provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the ensuing Autumn.

59. An act for regulating and extending the Jurisdiction in matters connected with the Slave Trade of the Vice-Admiralty Court at Aden, and of Her Majesty’s Consuls under Treaties with the Sovereigns of Zanzibar, Muscat, and Madagascar, and under future Treaties.

60. An act to amend the Extradition Act, 1870.

61. An act to explain and amend the Crown Private Estates Act, 1862.

62. An act to amend section twenty-four of the Public Schools Act, 1868, with respect to the property of Eton College.

63. An act to amend the Law relating to Law Agents practising in Scotland.

64. An act for amending the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Acts, 1840 and 1850, and for other purposes.

65. An act to regulate the Summoning of Grand Juries in the Court of Queen’s Bench in Ireland.

66. An act for the constitution of a Supreme Court, and for other purposes relating to the better Administration of Justice in England; and to authorise the transfer to the Appellate Division of such Supreme Court of the Jurisdiction of the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty’s Privy Council.

67. An act to regulate the Employment of Children in Agriculture.

68. An act for extending the Period of Service in the Militia; and for other purposes.

69. An act to provide for proceeding on Petitions of Right in the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland.

70. An act to amend the Law relating to the appointment of Revising Barristers and the holding of Revision Courts.

71. An act to amend the Law relating to Salmon Fisheries in England and Wales.

72. An act for the Amendment of the Defence Acts, 1842 and 1860.

73. An act to amend so much of section four of the Public Health Act, 1872, as relates to the Cambridge Commissioners.

74. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Irish Constabulary.

75. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

76. An act to make further Provision for the Regulation of Railways.

77. An act to provide for the establishment of a Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force.

78. An act to amend the Sanitary Act, 1866, so far as the same relates to the Nuisance Authorities of Ports in Ireland.

79. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

80. An act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh and Her Imperial Highness the Grand Duchess Marie Alexandrovna of Russia, and to settle an annuity on Her Imperial Highness.

81. An act to authorise the division of the Wapentake of Langbaurgh in the county of York into Districts for the purpose of Coroners jurisdiction, and the appointment of additional Coroners for the said Wapentake.

82. An act to amend the Law relating to Small Penalties in Ireland.

83. An act for explaining the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1871, and for enabling a further Sum to be raised for the purposes of the said Acts and of the Pensions Commutation Act, 1872.

84. An act to explain the Militia Pay Acts, 1868 and 1869, and to facilitate the sale of property held for Militia purposes.

85. An act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts.

86. An act to amend the Elementary Education Act (1870), and for other purposes connected therewith.

87. An act to continue and amend the Endowed Schools Act, 1869.

88. An act for consolidating with Amendments the Acts for carrying into effect Treaties for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade, and for other purposes connected with the Slave Trade.

89. An act to extend and amend the provisions of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870.

90. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and for other purposes connected therewith.

91. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

