Acts passed in 1875, 38 & 39 Victoria c.1 - c.96
From Public General Statutes, 1875
---

1. An act to apply the sum of eight hundred and eighty-two thousand six hundred and sixty-one pounds eight shillings and eleven pence out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five.

2. An act to apply the sum of seven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six.

3. An act to make further provision with respect to the Salaries of the Magistrates of the Police Courts in the Metropolitan Police District.

4. An act to amend the Superannuation Act, 1859, so far as relates to the Superannuation Allowances to be granted to Civil Servants who have served in unhealthy Climates.

5. An act to amend the Law relating to the Registry of Deeds Office, Ireland.

6. An act to extend the Time for the Epping Forest Commissioners to make their Final Report.

7. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

9. An act to repeal section eight of the Building Societies Act, 1874, and make other provision in lieu thereof.

10. An act to apply the sum of Fifteen millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six.

11. An act to enable limited Owners to grant or demise Lands for Glebes in Ireland.

12. An act to amend the Law relating to International Copyright.

13. An act to extend to the Docks, Custom Houses, Inland Revenue Offices, and Bonding Warehouses in England and Ireland certain provisions of The Bank Holidays Act, 1871, and to amend the same.

14. An act to amend and continue certain Acts for the Preservation of the Peace in Ireland, and to grant an Indemnity in certain cases.

15. An act to amend the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

16. An act to amend the Law relating to Regimental Exchanges.

17. An act to amend the Law with respect to manufacturing, keeping, selling, carrying, and importing Gunpowder, Nitroglycerine, and other explosive substances.

18. An act to provide for the establishment of a Close Time in the Seal Fishery in the Seas adjacent to the eastern coasts of Greenland.

19. An act for making perpetual the Bishops Resignation Act, 1869.

20. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Justices of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

21. An act for amending the Law relating to Houses of Public Dancing, Music, or other Public Entertainment of the like kind, in the Cities of London and Westminster.

22. An act for the further regulation of the Duties on Postage, and for other purposes relating to the Post Office.

23. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

24. An act to amend the Law with reference to the Falsification of Accounts.

25. An act to consolidate, with amendments, the Acts relating to the Protection of Public Stores.

26. An act to amend the Law of Bankruptcy in Scotland.

27. An act to extend to the surviving Children of poor Widows the benefits of the Act thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh Victoria, chapter fifty-two, intituled "An act for the Relief of Widows and Children of Intestates where the personal estate is of small value."

28. An act to amend the Law respecting the Superannuation Allowances of certain Officers of the Staff of the Metropolitan Police.

29. An act to continue the Endowed Schools Act, 1868.

30. An act to amend the Glebe Loan (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871.

31. An act to make perpetual Section Four of the Railway Companies Act, 1867, and Section Four of the Railway Companies (Scotland) Act, 1867.

32. An act to continue for Ten Years the Survey (Great Britain) Acts.

33. An act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts.

34. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and enable them to carry into effect a certain proposal for the re-arrangement of the Dioceses of London, Winchester, and Rochester, and the erection of a new Bishopric of Saint Albans.

35. An act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to Turnpike Roads in South Wales.

36. An act for facilitating the Improvement of the Dwellings of the Working Classes in Large Towns.

37. An act to amend the Law relating to Juries in Ireland.

38. An act to remove certain doubts with respect to the powers of the Parliament of Canada under section eighteen of the British North America Act, 1867.

39. An act to amend the provisions of the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872, with respect to the annual Returns from Mines.

40. An act to amend the Law regulating Municipal Elections.

41. An act for the relief of Widows and Children of Intestates in Scotland where the personal estate is of small value.

42. An act to enable certain Corporate Bodies to hold Land for Glebes in Ireland.

43. An act to amend the Medical Acts so far as relates to the Royal College of Surgeons of England.

44. An act to amend The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1874.

45. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Reduction of the National Debt and the Charge for the National Debt in the Consolidated Fund.

46. An act to amend an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An act to afford further Facilities for the Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland."

47. An act to amend the Law in regard to Constables and Peace Officers in Scotland.

48. An act to make further provision respecting the contribution out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the expenses of the Police Force in the Metropolitan Police District, and elsewhere in Great Britain.

49. An act for facilitating the Improvement of the Dwellings of the Working Classes in large Towns in Scotland.

50. An act to amend the Acts relating to the County Courts.

51. An act to amend the Act of the Session of the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter nineteen, intituled "An act for the prevention and punishment of criminal outrages upon natives of the islands in the Pacific Ocean."

52. An act to provide for the completion of the distribution of the sums of money paid to Her Majesty by the United States of America on account of Awards made by the Commissioners acting under a certain Treaty between Her Majesty and the United States of America.

53. An act to give effect to an Act of the Parliament of the Dominion of Canada respecting Copyright.

54. An act to amend the Qualification required by Persons acting as Justices of the Peace.

55. An act for consolidating and amending the Acts relating to Public Health in England.

56. An act to enable Grand Juries in Ireland to grant Superannuation Allowances to County Surveyors in certain cases.

57. An act to institute a Pharmaceutical Society, and to regulate the Qualifications of Pharmaceutical Chemists and of Chemists and Druggists, in Ireland.

58. An act to authorise Advances to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for enabling them to make Loans under divers Acts authorising such Loans.

59. An act to amend the Public Records (Ireland) Act, 1867, and to make provision for keeping safely Parochial Records in Ireland.

60. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Friendly and other Societies.

61. An act to further amend the Law of Entail in Scotland.

62. An act to alter and amend the Law relating to Appeals in Summary Prosecutions before Inferior Judges in Scotland.

63. An act to repeal the Adulteration of Food Acts, and to make better provision for the Sale of Food and Drugs in a pure state.

64. An act to repeal the Guarantee by Companies Act, 1867, and to make other provision in lieu thereof.

65. An act for further amending the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works, and for other purposes.

66. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

67. An act to amend the Laws relating to Private and District Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

68. An act for making further Provision respecting the Department of Science and Art.

69. An act to consolidate and amend certain Laws relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom.

70. An act for further amending the Law relating to Chimney Sweepers.

71. An act to amend the Act of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and eleven, relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

72. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

73. An act to amend the law relating to the appointment of certain persons who entered the employment of the Home Government of India before the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

74. An act to amend "The Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867," and other Sanitary Acts, in respect of Loans for Sanitary Purposes.

75. An act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1869.

76. An act to make provision for Returns relating to Ecclesiastical Fees, and for other purposes.

77. An act to amend and extend the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873.

78. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

79. An act to amend the Law relating to Legal Practitioners.

80. An act to amend the Act of the twenty-first year of the reign of King George the Third, chapter forty-nine, intituled "An act for preventing certain abuses and profanations on the Lord's Day called Sunday," and for further amending the law concerning the remission of penalties.

81. An act to authorise the payment out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of the Salary of an additional Sheriff Substitute in Scotland; and for other purposes.

82. An act to afford facilities for the erection, enlargement, improvement, and purchase of dwelling-houses for Residences for Teachers of certain National Schools in Ireland.

83. An act to amend the Law relating to Securities for Loans contracted by Local Authorities.

84. An act to regulate the Expenses and to control the Charges of Returning Officers at Parliamentary Elections.

85. An act for amending the Foreign Jurisdiction Acts.

86. An act for amending the Law relating to Conspiracy, and to the Protection of Property, and for other purposes.

87. An act to simplify Titles and facilitate the Transfer of Land in England.

88. An act to make provision for giving further powers to the Board of Trade for stopping unseaworthy Ships.

89. An act to consolidate with Amendments the Acts relating to Loans for Public Works.

90. An act to enlarge the powers of County Courts in respect of disputes between Employers and Workmen, and to give other Courts a limited civil jurisdiction in respect of such disputes.

91. An act to establish a Register of Trade Marks.

92. An act for amending the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings in England.

93. An act to amend the Copyright of Designs Acts.

94. An act to amend the Law relating to Offences against the Person.

95. An act to amend an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the thirty-third and thirty-fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and six, intituled "An act to amend the Sanitary Act, 1866, so far as relates to the City of Dublin."

96. An act to provide for additional payments to Teachers of National Schools in Ireland.

