Acts passed in 1879, 42 & 43 Victoria c.1 - c.78.
From Public General Statutes, 1879.
---

1. An act to amend the Law respecting the holding of Assizes.

2. An act to apply the sum of Four million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred, and seventy-nine.

3. An act to raise the sum of Four million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

4. An act to continue for three months the Act of the Session of the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ten, intituled "An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters."

5. An act to continue for three months the Act of the Session of the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eleven, intituled "An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on shore."

6. An act to amend the Law with respect to District Auditors.

7. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of, March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty.

8. An act to make further provision for the Registration of Deaths, Marriages, and Births occurring out of the United Kingdom among officers and soldiers of Her Majesty’s Forces, and their families.

9. An act to declare the true meaning of Section Thirty of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

10. An act to amend the Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869.

11. An act to amend the Law of Evidence with respect to Bankers' Books.

12. An act to amend the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876.

13. An act to amend the Act thirty-third and thirty-fourth Victoria, chapter forty-two, for the abolition of Petty Customs.

14. An act to apply the sum of Six million six hundred and ninety-four thousand eight hundred and sixteen pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty.

15. An act to amend the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867.

16. An act to provide for the winding up of the West Indian Relief Commission, and for the remission of certain Sums remaining unpaid in respect of Loans by the said Commission.

17. An act to amend the House of Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1847.

18. An act for the Licensing of Metropolitan Suburban Racecourses.

19. An act to facilitate the control and cure of Habitual Drunkards.

20. An act to apply the sum of Six million five hundred and sixty-seven thousand and twenty-three pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty.

21. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

22. An act for more effectually providing for the Prosecution of Offences in England; and for other purposes.

23. An act to provide for the Preservation of Hares in Ireland.

24. An act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law of Ireland.

25. An act to give facilities for providing Dispensary Houses and Dwelling Houses for Medical Officers of Dispensary Districts in certain parts of Ireland.

26. An act to amend the Salmon Fishery Act with relation to fixed Engines in Tidal Waters.

27. An act to empower Parliamentary Burghs in Scotland to become members of the Convention of Royal Burghs.

28. An act to repeal the Convention (Ireland) Act, passed in the Irish Parliament in the thirty-third year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and to amend and declare the Law in certain cases in respect to Assemblies and Public Meetings.

29. An act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages of British subjects on board Her Majesty’s ships.

30. An act to amend the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875.

31. An act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, as to Interments.

32. An act to bring into force the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.

33. An act to amend the Law relating to the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

34. An act to regulate the Employment of Children in Places of Public Amusement in certain cases.

35. An act to remit certain Loans mhde by the Exchequer Loan Commissioners and the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and by the Irish Exchequer Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

36. An act for the transfer of property held for the service of Her Majesty’s Customs to the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings; and for other purposes.

37. An act to amend the Commons Act, 1876.

38. An act to amend the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873.

39. An act to amend the law with respect to Returns of Receipts and Expenditure as regards Highways, and to dispense with the verification before Justices of the accounts of Surveyors of Highways.

40. An act to amend the Conveyancing and Land Transfer (Scotland) Act, 1874.

41. An act to enable Guaranteed Railway Companies in India and the Secretary of State for India in Council to enter into Agreements with respect to the working of Railways, and with respect to Telegraphs, and to confer upon those Companies additional powers with respect to their undertakings.

42. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Valuation of Lands and Heritages in Scotland.

43. An act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to create and issue Capital Stock in the United Kingdom in exchange for so much of the Annuity created under the East Indian Railway Company Purchaai Act, 1879, and thereby made chargeable on the Revenues of India as may be purchased by the Secretary of State under that Act.

44. An act to make provision in regard to the office of Lord Clerk Register of Scotland; and for other purposes.

45. An act to authorise the issue of a sum out of the Consolidated Fund by way of loan to the Secretary of State for India.

46. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

47. An act to continue and amend the Petroleum Act, 1871.

48. An act to amend the Law respecting the Powers of School Boards in relation to Industrial Schools.

49. An act to amend the Law relating to the Summary Jurisdiction of Magistrates.

50. An act to amend the Law relating to Bills of Sale in Ireland.

51. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

52. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a land Tax and other rates and taxes.

53. An act to amend the Law regulating Municipal Elections in Ireland.

54. An act to make better provision for the adjustment of Parish Boundaries, and to make further amendments in the Acts relating to the relief of the Poor in England.

55. An act to reduce the Minimum Term of Penal Servitude in the case of a previous conviction, and to amend the Law with respect to the notifications and reports made under sections five and eight of the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871.

56. An act to continue for a further period the Begulation of Railways Acts, 1873 and 1874.

57. An act to amend the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

58. An act to provide for the Collection, either in money or by stamps, of Fees payable in Public Offices.

59. An act for repealing certain Enactments relating to Civil Procedure which have ceased to be in force, or have become unnecessary, and for abolishing Outlawry in Civil Proceedings.

60. An act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

61. An act to make provision for raising the sum required for the purposes of the Advance authorised by tbe Indian Advance Act, 1879.

62. An act to raise the sum of four million two hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hunched and eighty.

63. An act to amend the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875.

64. An act to extend the powers of the Artizans Dwellings Act of 1868, by provisions for compensation and rebuilding.

65. An act to promote the advancement of Learning, and to extend the benefits connected with University Education in Ireland.

66. An act to continue for a further period the power of making Schemes under the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869, 1874, and 1876.

67. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

68. An act to authorise the Metropolitan Board of Works to defray expenses incurred in relation to the promotion of certain Bills in Parliament relating to the supply of water to the Metropolis.

69. An Act for further amending the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto.

70. An act to amend the Acts relating to Vaccination in Ireland.

71. An act to regulate the Practice in Registry Courts in Ireland.

72. An act to provide for the re-hearing of Investigations into Shipping Casualties, and to amend the rules as to the mode of holding, and procedure at, such Investigations.

73. An act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Woods and Forests and Land Revenues to agree with the Conservators of the River Thames on the Payments for Piers or Landing-places in or upon the Bed or Shore of the River Thames.

74. An act for improving the position of the Teachers of National Schools in Ireland.

75. An act to amend and continue the Acts relating to Election Petitions, and to the prevention of Corrupt Practices at Parliamentary Elections.

76. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Liability of Members of Banking and other Joint Stock Companies; and for other purposes.

77. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the said Commissioners; and for other purposes in relation thereto.

78. An act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts.

