Acts passed in 1880, 43 Victoria c.1 - c.19.
From Public General Statutes, 1880.
---

1. An Act to enable Guardians of the Poor to borrow Money for the purpose of procuring Seed Potatoes and Seed Oats, and other Seed, for Tenants in Ireland; and for other purposes.

2. An Act to amend the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1875.

3. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Salaries and Allowances of certain Officers in India; and for other purposes relating thereto.

4. An Act to render valid certain proceedings taken for the Relief of Distress in Ireland, and to make further provision for such Relief; and for other purposes.

5. An Act to apply certain Sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one.

6. An Act for amending the Law relating to the grant by Justices of Certificates for Beer Dealers Retail Licences.

7. An Act to amend the Law in regard to charging Road Debts on Entailed Estates in Scotland.

8. An Act to explain and amend the twenty-second section of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Act, 1868, Amendment Act, 1879.

9. An Act to provide during twelve months for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

10. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the purpose of paying off or redeeming Debentures of the East Indian Railway Company.

11. An Act to make Powers of Attorney and Requests for Transmission of Dividend Warrants by Post relating to India Five per centum Stock applicable to India Four per centum Stock.

12. An Act to abolish the Landlord’s Right of Hypothec for Rent in Scotland.

13. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, one thousand eight hundred and eighty, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

14. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Inland Revenue.

15. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Treasury to borrow a sum on the security of Terminable Annuities, and to increase the permanent Annual Charge of the National Debt.

16. An Act to raise the sum of Sixty thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty.

17. An Act to abolish the property qualification for members of Municipal Corporations and Local Governing Bodies.

18. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Voters to the Poll, and to continue the Acts relating to the Prevention of Corrupt Practices at Parliamentary Elections and the Acts relating to Election Petitions.

19. An Act to amend the Companies Acts of 1862, 1867, 1877, and 1879.

