Acts passed in 1881, 44 & 45 Victoria c.1 - c.72.
From Public General Statutes, 1881.
---

1. An act to apply the sum of Two million five hundred thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one.

2. An act to remove Doubts as to the operation and effect of so much of the Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880, as relates to the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874.

3. An act to further improve the Administration of Justice in the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

4. An act for the better Protection of Person and Property in Ireland.

5. An act to amend the Law relating to the carrying and Possession of Arms, and for the Preservation of the public Peace in Ireland.

6. An act to provide for an Annual Return of Rates, Taxes, Tolls, and Dues levied for local purposes in Scotland.

7. An act to authorise the Secretary of State for India in Council to sell a piece of land in Charles Street, Westminster, to the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings for the Public Service.

8. An act to apply certain Sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two.

9. An act to provide during twelve months for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

10. An act for the transfer of Property held for the Use and Service of the Inland Revenue to the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings; and for other purposes.

11. An act to further amend the law relating to Sea Fisheries by providing for the protection of Clam and other Bait Beds.

12. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

13. An act to amend the Municipal Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1868.

14. An act to enable County Authorities in South Wales to take over and contribute towards certain Bridges, and to remove doubts as to the liability to repair the Highways over and adjoining certain Bridges which have been rebuilt.

15. An act to apply the sum of Six million nine hundred and seventy-five thousand six hundred and twenty-seven pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two.

16. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

17. An act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 1860, 1861, and 1871.

18. An act to amend the law with respect to the payment of Clerks of Petty Sessions in Ireland.

19. An act for further regulating the Transmission of Newspapers.

20. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Acquisition of Land and the Execution of Instruments for the purposes of the Post Office.

21. An act for the Amendment of the Law regarding Property of Married Women in Scotland.

22. An act to amend the Bankruptcy Acts and Cessio Acts with respect to the discharge of Bankrupt Debtors in Scotland, and in certain other respects.

23. An act to amend the Law relating to the Official Staff of the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland.

24. An act to amend the Law respecting the Service of Process of Courts of Summary Jurisdiction in England and Scotland.

25. An act to extend for a period not exceeding Three Years the term fixed for the Repayment of Loans granted by the Governors of the Bounty ofn Quee Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy to Incumbents of Benefices.

26. An act to amend the Law relating to the use of Gunpowder in certar Stratified Ironstone Mines.

27. An act to amend the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855.

28. An act to make provision for the payment by reduced Instalments of Loans under the Seed Supply (Ireland) Act, 1880; and to amend and explain the Relief of Distress (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1880, and the Local Government Board (Ireland) Act, 1872.

29. An act further to facilitate the building, enlargement, and maintenance of Reformatory Institutions in Ireland.

30. An act to provide for the employment of certain Officers and Clerks by the Commissioners of Customs.

31. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

32. An act to remit certain Loans formerly made out of the Consolidated Funds.

33. An act to amend the Summary Procedure Act, 1864.

34. An act to amend the Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1877.

35. An act to amend the Law relating to Coroners in Ireland.

36. An act to authorise the establishment of a Court of Appeal for Her Majesty's Colony of British Honduras.

37. An act to consolidate the Alkali Acts, 1863 and 1874, and to make further provision for regulating Alkali and certain other works in which noxious or offensive gases are evolved.

38. An act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and for other purposes relating to Loans by those Commissioners.

39. An act to provide for uniform Terms of entry to and removal from Houses within Burghs in Scotland.

40. An act to make farther provision in regard to the Registration of Parliamentary Voters, and also in regard to the taking of the Poll by means of Voting Papers, in the Universities of Scotland.

41. An act for simplifying and improving the practice of Conveyancing; and for vesting in Trustees, Mortgagees, and others various powers commonly conferred by provisions inserted in Settlements, Mortgages, Wills, and other Instruments; and for amending in various particulars the Law of Property; and for other purposes.

42. An act to suspend for a limited period, on account of Corrupt Practices, the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for certain cities and boroughs.

43. An act to extend the Superannuation Act Amendment Act, 1873, to certain persons admitted into subordinate situations in the departments of the Post-master-General, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings.

44. An act for making better provision respecting the Remuneration of Solicitors in Conveyancing and other non-contentious Business.

45. An act to amend the Pedlars Act, 1871, as regards the district within which a certificate authorises a person to act as Pedlar.

46. An act to amend the Patriotic Fund Act, 1867, and make further provision respecting certain Funds administered by the same Commissioners as the Patriotic Fund.

47. An act to amend the Law as regards the Presumption of Life in persons long absent from Scotland.

48. An act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto.

49. An act to further amend the Law relating to the Occupation and Ownership of Land in Ireland, and for other purposes relating thereto.

50. An act to apply the sum of Twenty-one million six hundred and ninety-five thousand seven hundred and twelve pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two.

51. An act to explain the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880.

52. An act for providing Funds to defray certain of the Expenses of the Royal University of Ireland.

53. An act for making further provision with respect to the Redemption of the Annuity created under the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879; and for other purposes.

54. An act to make further provision with respect to the Indian Loan of 1879.

55. An act to make further provision respecting the National Debt and the Investment of Moneys in the hands of the National Debt Commissioners on account of Savings Banks and otherwise.

56. An act to apply a. sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

57. An act to amend the Law respecting the Regulation of Her Majesty’s Forces, and to amend the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.

58. An act to consolidate the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, and the subsequent Acts amending the same.

59. An act for promoting the revision of the Statute Law by repealing various enactments chiefly relating to Civil Procedure or matters connected therewith, and for amending in some respects the law relating to Civil Procedure.

60. An act to amend the Law of Newspaper Libel, and to provide for the Registration of Newspaper Proprietors.

61. An act to prohibit the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors on Sunday in Wales.

62. An act to amend the Law relating to Veterinary Surgeons.

63. An act for providing a Superannuation Allowance for the Auditor of Accounts of the Secretary of State for India in Council and his Assistants.

64. An act to remove certain doubts as to the application of section twenty four of the Prison Act, 1877, and enactments amending the same, to the Central Criminal Court district.

65. An act to facilitate leases of land for the erection thereon of Schools and Buildings for the promotion of Public Education in Ireland.

66. An act to amend the Law regulating the Close Season for fishing for Pollen in Ireland.

67. An act to regulate the hawking of Petroleum and other substances of like nature.

68. An act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts; and for other purposes.

69. An act to amend the Law with respect to Fugitive Offenders in Her Majesty  Dominions, and for other Purposes oonnected with the Trial of Offenders.

70. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

71. An act to make provision for the future administration of the Property and the performance of the Duties vested in the Commissioners of Church Temporalities in Ireland.

72. An act to amend certain provisions of the Highways and Locomotive (Amendment) Act, 1878.

