Acts passed in 1883, 46 & 47 Victoria c.1 - c.62.
From Public General Statutes, 1883.
---

1. An Act to amend the Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption) Act, 1873. 1

2. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four. 2

3. An Act to amend the Law relating to Explosive Substances.

4. An Act for enabling the Trustees and Director of the National Gallery to lend Works of Art to other Public Galleries in the United Kingdom.

5. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

6. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

7. An Act to amend the Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879.

8. An Act to amend the Glebe Loans (Ireland) Acts.

9. An Act to make further provision for taking dues for repairing and improving the Harbours in the Isle of Man.

10. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

11. An Act to provide for Expenses incurred by Guardians of the Poor in relation to Poor Law Conferences.

12. An Act to amend the Act for the Prevention of Crime in Ireland, 1882, as to the Audience of Solicitors.

13. An Act to apply the sum of five million nine hundred and seventy-three thousand nine hundred and twelve pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

14. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Pay and Pensions of the Royal Irish Constabulary and the Police Force of Dublin Metropolis and for other purposes.

15. And Act to amend the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

16. An Act to grant a sum of money to Admiral Baron Alcestor, G.C.B., in consideration of his eminent services.

17. An Act to grant a sum of money to General Baron Wolseley of Cairo G.C.B., G.C.M.G., in consideration of his eminent services.

18. An Act to make provision respecting certain Municipal Corporations and other Local Authorities not subject to the Municipal Corporation Act.

19. An Act to amend the Medical Act (1858).

20. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Registry of Deeds Office, Ireland.

21. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

22. An Act to carry into effect an International Convention concerning the Fisheries in the North Sea, and to amend the laws relating to British Fisheries.

23. An Act to apply the sum of fifteen million one hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hundred and seven pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

24. An Act to make temporary provision for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

25. An Act to explain and amend the thirty-second section of the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877.

26. An Act to promote the Sea Fisheries of Ireland.

27. An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes.

28. An Act to amend the Companies Acts, 1862 and 1867.

29. An Act to consolidate the Accounting Departments of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and for other purposes.

30. An Act to authorise Companies registered under the Companies Act, 1861 to keep Local Registers of their Members in British Colonies.

31. An Act to prohibit the Payment of Wages to Workmen in Public-houses and certain other places.

32. An Act to make further provision respecting the application of the Revenues of Greenwich Hospital, and for other purposes.

33. An Act to amend the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874.

34. An Act to amend the Law relating to Railway Passenger Duty, and to amend and consolidate the Law relating to the conveyance of the Queen’s Forces by Railway.

35. An Act to make better provision as regards the Metropolis for the isolation and treatment of persons suffering from Cholera and other Infectious Diseases; and for other purposes.

36. An Act to provide for the better application and management of the Parochial Charities of the City of London.

37. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, and to make provision with respect to the support of public sewers and sewage works in mining districts.

38. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Trial and Custody of Insane Persons charged with offences.

39. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

40. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

41. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1880, with respect to fishing vessels and apprenticeship to the sea fishing service and otherwise.

42. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and the Irish Land Commission; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Commissioners, and for other purposes.

43. An Act for promoting the extension of Tramway communication in Ireland, and for assisting Emigration, and for extending certain provisions of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, to the case of Public Companies.

44. An Act to explain the effect of Section One hundred and ninety-five of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

45. An Act for preventing the Sale of Medals resembling Current Coin.

46. An act to suspend for a limited period, on account of Corrupt Practices, the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for crtain cities and boroughs.

47. An Act to extend the power of Nomination in Friendly and Industrial, &c. Societies, and to make further provision for cases of Intestacy in respect of Personal Property of small amount.

48. An Act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

49. An Act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing various Enactments relating to Civil Procedure or matters connected therewith, and for amending in some respects the Law relating to Civil Procedure.

50. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

51. An Act for the better prevention of Corrupt and Illegal Practices at Parliamentary Elections.

52. An Act to amend and consolidate the Law of Bankruptcy.

53. An Act to amend the Law relating to certain Factories and Workshops.

54. An Act to make further provision respecting the National Debt, and the Investment of Moneys in the hands of the Notional Debt Commissioners on account of Savings Banks, and otherwise.

55. An Act to amend the law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make other provisions respecting charges payable out of the public revenue, and for other purposes.

56. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Education in Scotland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

57. An Act to amend and consolidate the Law relating to Patents for Inventions, Registration of Designs, and of Trade Marks.

58. An Act to amend the Post Office (Money Orders) Acts, 1848 and 1880, and extend the same to Her Majesty's Dominions out of the United Kingdom.

59. An Act to make better provision for the Prevention of outbreaks of formidable epidemic, endemic, or infections diseases, and to amend the Public Health Act, England, 1875, and the Public Health Act, Ireland, 1878.

60. An Act to better the condition of Labourers in Ireland.

61. An Act for amending the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings in England.

62. An Act for amending the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings in Scotland.

