Acts passed in 1884, 47 & 48 Victoria c.1 - c.78.
From Public General Statutes, 1884.
---

1. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity upon the Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., in consideration of his eminent Services.

2. An Act to make further provision respecting the Conversion into Two and a half per Cent. Annuities of Three per Cent. Annuities held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of Savings Banks, and for the Redemption of the Indian Loan Annuity, 1881.

3. An Act for the Relief of the Brokers of the City of London.

4. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

5. An Act to amend the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, by giving greater facilities for Appeal to owners and lessees of houses paying rates and taxes in the place of the occupiers.

6. An Act to confer further powers upon the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland of acquiring lands in Dublin for all or any of the purposes of the Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877.

7. An Act for amending the Isle of Man Harbours Acts, 1872 and 1874.

8. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

9. An Act to amend the Law as to Appeals in Bankruptcy from County Courts.

10. An Act to amend the Irish Church Act, 1869 ; and for other purposes.

11. An Act for the further Protection of Fish other than Salmon in Fresh Waters.

12. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, so far as relates to the Confirmation of Byelaws. 2(

13. An Act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878.

14. An Act to amend the sixteenth section of the Married Women’s Property Act, 1882.

15. An Act to apply the sum of six million five hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

16. An Act to apply to Scotland certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

17. An Act to provide for the appointment of an additional Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis and for other purposes relating to the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of such Police.

18. An Act to amend the Settled Land Act, 1882.

19. An Act to amend the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts so far as they relate to Children and young Persons.

20. An Act to removo Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages of Members of the Greek Church in England.

21. An Act to provide for the better administration of the Fund under the control of the Trustees to aid the Sea and Coast Fisheries of Ireland; and for other purposes in relation thereto.

22. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Buildings of Non-vested National Schools and Training Colleges in Ireland.

23. An Act for giving Facilities for the Conversion of Three per Cent. Stock into Stock of a Lower Denomination, and for other purposes relating thereto.

24. An Act to amend the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act.

25. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

26. An Act to amend the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877.

27. An Act to further amend the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

28. An Act to amend the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

29. An Act to extend Section forty-one of the Licensing Act, 1872.

30. An Act to simplify the passing of Instruments under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom.

31. An Act to make further provision respecting the removal of Prisoners and Criminal Lunatics from Her Majesty’s possessions out of the United Kingdom.

32. An Act for transferring the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea from the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings.

33. An Act to make provision for the foundation of a Dean and Chapter for the Bishopric of Newcastle, and for the transfer to the Cathedral Church of Newcastle of one of the canonries in the Cathedral Church of Durham, and for the transfer of certain ecclesiastical patronage to the Bishopric and Chapter of Newcastle, and for other purposes connected therewith.

34. An Act to extend the Hours of Polling at Parliamentary and Municipal Elections in certain Boroughs.

35. An Act to facilitate the Revision of Lists of Jurors and Voters, and the Registration of Voters, in the county of Dublin.

36. An Act to amend the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877, in certain particulars.

37. An Act to amend the Public Libraries Acts.

38. An Act to provide for the regulation of Her Majesty’s Indian Marine Service.

39. An Act to amend the Naval Discipline Act, 1866.

40. An Act for enabling Manx Children to be sent to Reformatory or Industrial Schools in Great Britain.

41. An Act to amend the Building Societies Act, 1874.

42. An Act to amend the Sheriff Court Houses Act, 1860.

43. An Act to repeal divers Enactments rendered unnecessary by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts and other Acts relating to Proceedings before Courts of Summary Jurisdiction, and to make further provision for the uniformity of Proceedings before those Courts.

44. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Payment of Naval and Greenwich Hospital Pensions.

45. An Act to amend the National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879, in so far as it relates to the Loans for Teachers’ Residences.

46. An Act to amend the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853, and for other purposes connected therewith.

47. An Act to enable Local Authorities to transfer the whole or certain parts of their Districts for the purposes of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, to the Districts of neighbouring Local Authorities.

48. An Act to promote the Cultivation of Oysters in Ireland.

49. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and of loans and purchases by the Irish Land Commission.

50. An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes.

51. An Act to remove doubts as to the powers of the Secretary of State in relation to the altering, enlarging, rebuilding, and building of Prisons, and appropriating any Building for a Prison.

52. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

53. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

54. An Act to consolidate and amend the law relating to the Registration of Deeds and other matters affecting lands and hereditaments within the North, East, and West Ridings of the County of York.

55. An Act to make further provision with regard to the Pensions of Soldiers, and to the Pay and Pensions of the Yeomanry, and for other purposes.

56. An Act to declare the Law relating to the Incorporation of Chartered Companies.

57. An Act to. extend certain Powers given by the Superannuation Act Amendment Act, 1873.

58. An Act for amending the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879.

59. An Act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

60. An Act to enable the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylums District to borrow for certain purposes of the Diseases Prevention (Metropolis) Act, 1883.

61. An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts; and for other purposes.

62. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue and to the Audit of Public Accounts, and for other purposes connected with the Public Revenue and Expenditure.

63. An Act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867.

64. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Criminal Lunatics.

65. An Act to further amend the New Parishes Acts and the Church Building Acts.

66. An Act to provide for the disunion of the Sees of Gloucester and Bristol, and the constitution of a separate Bishopric of Bristol.

67. An Act to prohibit charges for Improvements upon Ecclesiastical Lands otherwise than with the consent of the Patron and Bishop.

68. An Act to amend the Matrimonial Causes Acts.

69. An Act to make better provision against Cholera and other dangerous Epidemic Diseases.

70. An Act for the better Prevention of Corrupt and Illegal Practices at Municipal and other Elections.

71. An Act to amend the Law respecting the administration of the Personal Estate and the Escheat of the Real Estate of Deceased Persons; and for other purposes.

72. An Act for preventing the erection of Buildings on Disused Burial Grounds.

73. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

74. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to the Officers of Local Authorities.

75. An Act to amend the Canal Boats Act, 1877.

76. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Protection of the Post Office and to Offences committed in relation to the Post Office.

77. An Act to amend the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, with reference to Sanitary Districts.

78. An Act to suspend, on account of Corrupt Practices, the issue during the prorogation of Parliament of writs for the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in the present Parliament for certain cities and boroughs.

