Acts passed in 1885, 48 & 49 Victoria c.1 - c.80.
From Public General Statutes, 1885.
---

1. An Act to grant to Her Majesty additional Rates of Income Tax.

2. An Act to apply the sum of Two million and forty-nine thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

3. An Act to the Law relating to the Representation of the People of the United Kingdom.

4. An Act to amend the Forty-third Section of the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1834.

5. An Act to amend Part II. of the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

6. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six.

7. An Act to authorise an Advance to the Government of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope.

8. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

9. An Act to relieve Municipal Voters from being disqualified in consequence of letting their Dwelling-houses for short periods.

10. An Act to extend the Hours of Polling at Parliamentary and Municipal Elections.

11. An Act to enable Her Majesty to give a Guarantee for the purpose of facilitating the raising of a Loan by the Government of Egypt.

12. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Distribution of the Royal Irish Constabulary Force.

13. An Act to amend the Law relating to Highways.

14. An Act to apply the sum of thirteen million three hundred and fifteen thousand three hundred and thirty-four pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six.

15. An Act to assimilate the Law affecting the Registration of Occupation Voters in Counties and Boronghs, and for other purposes.

16. An Act to amend the Law regulating the Registration of Voters in Scotland; and for other purposes relating thereto.

17. An Act to amend the law relating to the Registration of Voters in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

18. An Act to extend the Area to which the Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867 applies.

19. An Act further to facilitate the building, enlargement, and maintenance of Industrial Schools in Ireland.

20. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Admission of Barristers in Ireland.

21. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Contested Elections of Burial Boards.

22. An Act to provide for Expenses incurred in relation to Conferences of Local Authorities.

23. An Act for the Redistribution of Seats at Parliamentary Elections, and for other purposes. 12$

24. An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore.

25. An Act for making provision for the transfer to the Secretary of State in Council of India of Unclaimed India Stock and Dividends; and for amending the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879, and the East Indian Railway (Redemption of Annuities) Act, 1881; and for other purposes.

26. An Act to amend the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

27. An Act to declare the true meaning of section twenty-two of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

28. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

29. An Act to enable Municipal Corporations to confer the Honorary Freedom of Boroughs upon persons of distinction.

30. An Act to amend the Local Loans Act, 1875, as regards the establishment of a Sinking Fund.

31. An Act for amending the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Acts, and for other purposes.

32. An Act to amend and extend the Acts relating to the redemption of Tithe Rentcharge in England and Wales.

33. An Act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts.

34. An Act to declare and explain the sixty-eighth section of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847.

35. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, in relation to Ships and Port Sanitary Authorities.

36. An Act to provide for the regulation of land held by one of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State or a Volunteer Corps for an Artillery or Rifle Range, or a School of Gunnery, or like purposes.

37. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

38. An Act to amend the Law relating to School Boards so far as affected by the incorporation of a Municipal Borough and as respects the divisions of the Metropolis.

39. An Act to enable the sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

40. An Act to provide for the application to charitable purposes of such portion of the property subject to the Will of Edward Polehampton as is now vested in the Crown, and for the management and application of the said property.

41. An Act to make provision with respect to the maintenance of certain Piers and other works in the estuary of the River Shannon.

42. An Act to provide for defraying the Expenditure on account of Greenwich Hospital directly out of the Revenues of Greenwich Hospital; to amend in other respects the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1883; and to amend the law relating to the Naval Knights of Windsor.

43. An Act to suspend for a period certain Payments on Annuities created under the National Debt Act, 1883; and to reduce for a like period the Permanent Annual Charge of the National Debt.

44. An Act to raise the sum of Four million pounds by Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six.

45. An Act to enable Her Majesty’s Postmaster General to acquire lands in London, Birmingham, Bristol, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the public service.

46. An Act to prevent Medical Relief disqualifying a person from voting.

47. An Act to enable the Treasury to provide out of surplus funds arising under the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, office accommodation for officers appointed under the said Act.

48. An Act for restitution of the ancient dignity and title of Earl of Mar.

49. An Act to carry into effect an International Convention for the Protection of Submarine Telegraph Cables.

50. An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes.

51. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

52. An Act to amend the Law relating to Lunatics.

53. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to the Members and Officers of Local Authorities.

54. An Act to amend the Law relating to Pluralities.

55. An Act to explain section thirty-four of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840.

56. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Corrupt Practices at Parliamentary Elections.

57. An Act to remove doubts as to the appointment of Revising Barristers.

58. An Act to amend the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1878.

59. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

60. An Act to constitute a Federal Council of Australasia.

61. An Act for appointing a Secretary for Scotland and Vice-President of the Scotch Education Department.

62. An Act to amend the law relating to the Charges of Returning Officers at Parliamentary Elections.

63. An Act to amend the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883.

64. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

65. An Act to appoint Public Works Loan Commissioners, to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and for the purpose of loans and purchases by the Irish Land Commission, and to make other provisions relating to those Commissioners.

66. An Act to accelerate the hearing of Appeals under the Acts relating to the Registration of Voters in Ireland in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

67. An act to provide for the discharge of the liability of the Consolidated Fund in respect of certain Indian Army Pensions.

68. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation Act, 1875.

69. An Act to make further provision for the Protection of Women and Girls, the suppression of brothels, and other purposes.

70. An Act to amend the Law relating to Scottish Sea Fisheries and for other purposes relating thereto.

71. An Act to amend the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, in relation to the Pensions of Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace.

72. An Act to amend the Law relating to Dwellings of the Working Classes.

73. An Act to provide greater facilities for the Sale of Land to occupying Tenants in Ireland.

74. An Act to amend the Law relating to taking Evidence by Commission in India and the Colonies, and elsewhere in Her Majesty’s Dominions.

75. An Act to amend the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871.

76. An Act for the preservation of the River Thames above Teddington Lock for purposes of public recreation, and for regulating the pleasure traffic thereon.

77. An Act to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, and for other purposes connected with Labourers Dwellings in Ireland.

78. An Act to re-organize the Educational Endowments of Ireland.

79. An Act to amend the Law relating to the management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown.

80. An Act for enabling Allowances to be made to the Officers of Poor law Unions in Ireland, on abolition of Office.

