Acts passed in 1888, 51 & 52 Victoria c.1 - c.66.
From Public General Statutes, 1888.
---

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

2. An Act for reducing the Rate of Interest on the National Debt.

3. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing superfluous expressions of enactment and enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

4. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

5. An Act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the purchase of the Oude and Rohilkund Railway, and for the construction, extension, and equipment of Railways in India, through the Agency of Companies, and for other purposes relating thereto.

6. An Act for facilitating the Proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the working of the Metropolitan Board of Works.

7. An Act to impose certain Duties of Customs on Spirits imported into the Isle of Man.

8. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

9. An Act to amend the Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878.

10. An Act to provide for the Qualification and Registration of Electors for the purposes of Local Government in England and Wales.

11. An Act to make further provision for the Restoration and Repair of Westminster Abbey.

12. An Act to amend the Electric Lighting Act, 1882.

13. An Act to amend Section One of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, in regard to Leaseholders.

14. An Act to grant a duty of Customs on Wine imported in bottle, and to make provision in relation thereto.

15. An Act to make certain Amendments in the Law consequential on the passing of the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888: (National Debt (Supplemental).)

16. An Act to apply the sum of five million five hundred and seventy thousand seven hundred and twelve pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

17. An Act to amend the Law relating to the recovery of Penalties for the unauthorised Performance of Copyright Musical Compositions.

18. An Act to carry into effect an International Convention respecting the Liquor Traffic in the North Sea.

19. An Act to amend the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

20. An Act to facilitate the sale of Glebe Lands.

21. An Act to amend the Law of Distress for Rent.

22. An Act to amend the Factory and Workshops Act, 1878.

23. An Act to make better provision as to the appointment of deputies for Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace.

24. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Appliances to be carried by British Merchant Ships for saving Life at Sea.

25. An Act for the better regulation of Railway and Canal Traffic, and for other purposes.

26. An Act to apply the sum of twenty million six hundred and ninety-three thousand three hundred and seventy-five pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

27. An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland) 1877.

28. An Act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages solemnised by a person falsely pretending to be an ordained Clergyman of the Church of England.

29. An Act to confer Powers on Lloyd’s with respect to Signal Stations and Telegraph Communication, and for other Purposes.

30. An Act to amend the Fishery Acts in Ireland.

31. An Act to make better provision respecting National Defence.

32. An Act for defraying the Expenses of carrying into effect an Agreement for Naval Defence with the Australasian Colonies, and providing for the defence of certain Ports and Coaling Stations, and for making further provision for Imperial Defence.

33. An Act to consolidate the Law relating to Excise Licences for Hawkers.

34. An Act to enable Municipal Corporations in Ireland to apply municipal funds in the promotion of Local Bills in Parliament.

35. An Act to constitute a Special Commission to inquire into the charges and allegations made against certain Members of Parliament and other Persons by the Defendants in the recent trial of an Action entitled O’Donnell v. Walter and another.

36. An Act to amend the Law of Bail in Scotland.

37. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the planting of Timber Trees in Ireland.

38. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

39. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain Local Loans; and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

40. An Act to further amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes.

41. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Local Government in England and Wales, and for other purposes connected therewith.

42. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Mortmain and to the disposition of Land for Charitable Uses.

43. An Act to consolidate and amend the County Courts Acts.

44. An Act to provide for the establishment of Local Courts of Bankruptcy in Ireland.

45. An Act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the Victoria University.

46. An Act to amend the Law as to Oaths.

47. An Act to amend the Law relating to execution for Small Debts and the levying of Distress for Rent in Ireland, with special provisions for the City of Dublin.

48. An Act to amend the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, in respect to voting by Proxy.

49. An Act further to facilitate the Purchase of Land in Ireland by increasing the amount applicable for that purpose by the Land Commission.

50. An Act to amend the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883.

51. An Act for registering certain charges on Land and for facilitating Searches for them.

52. An Act to amend the Public Health Acts in relation to Buildings in Streets.

53. An Act to authorise the application of Funds of Municipal Corporations and other Governing Bodies in Ireland in certain Cases.

54. An Act for the regulation of the Sea Fisheries of England and Wales.

55. An Act for the better Protection of the Sand-Grouse in the United Kingdom.

56. An Act to make further provision for the Nomination of Bishops Suffragans.

57. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing superfluous expressions of enactment, and Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

58. An Act to continue the Employers Liability Act, 1880.

59. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Duties, Powers, and Liability of Trustees.

60. An Act for assigning to Scotland and Ireland respectively certain shares of the Probate Duties; and for providing for the application of such shares.

61. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

62. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy, and in the winding-up of Companies.

63. An Act to amend the twenty-third section of the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886.

64. An Act to amend the Law of Libel.

65. An Act to provide for the custody of the Roll of Solicitors of the Supreme Court in England by the Incorporated Law Society, and otherwise to amend the law relating to solicitors.

66. An Act to amend the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, with reference to certain societies now subject to the provisions of section thirty of that Act.

