Public Acts passed in 1890, 53 & 54 Victoria c.1 - c.72.
From Public General Statutes, 1890.
---

1. AN Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, one thousand eight hundred and ninety, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one.

2. An act to abolish the Office of Secretary of Presentations and to provide for the performance of the duties attached to that Office.

3. An act to remove doubts as to the Legality of certain payments by County Councils.

4. An act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

5. An act to consolidate certain of the Enactments respecting Lunatics.

6. An act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Purchase of the South Indian Railway; and for other purposes relating thereto.

7. An act to amend the Commissioners for Oaths Act, 1889.

8. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

9. An act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts relating to Loadline.

10. An act to amend the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1889.

11. An act to amend the Law relating to Municipal Elections in certain Burghs in Scotland.

12. An act for providing Money for defraying Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred and to be incurred by the Drainage Beard for the River Suck Drainage District.

13. An act to amend the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888.

14. An act for conferring further powers under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1886, with respect to Pleuro-pneumonia.

15. An act to amend the Open Spaces Acts.

18. An act to facilitate Gifts of Land for Dwellings for the Working Classes in Populous Places.

17. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Rating of Orchards for Sanitary purposes.

18. An act to amend the Law relating to the grant of Superannuation Allowances and Gratuities to certain Workmen in the Manufacturing and Store Establishments of the War Department.

19. An act to facilitate the Appointment of new Trustees of Land held in Trust for Religious or Educational Purposes, and to make provision for vesting the Land in the Trustees for the time being.

20. An act to amend the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, in relation to Hospitals for Burghs.

21. An act to consolidate certain Enactments relating to the Regulation of the Inland Revenue.

22. An act for the purpose of making operative certain Articles in the Education Code, 1890.

23. An act to further improve the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

24. An act to amend the Law relating to Deeds of Arrangement.

25. An act to make provision for building and enlarging Barracks and Camps in the United Kingdom, and in certain Colonies, and to amend the Law relating to the acquisition of Land for Military purposes.

26. An act to enable Her Majesty to assent to a Bill for conferring a constitution on Western Australia.

27. An act to amend the Law respecting the exercise of Admiralty Jurisdiction in Her Majesty's Dominions and elsewhere out of the United Kingdom.

28. An act to apply the sum of eleven million eight hundred and fifty thousand four hundred and thirty-six pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one.

29. An act to amend the Law by making better provision for the Widows of certain Intestates in the distribution of such Intestates’ Property.

30. An act to amend the Poor Laws of Ireland in relation to rating.

31. An act to amend the Law relating to the Superannuation of Officers and Servants of Pauper Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

32. An act to assent to certain Provisions in an Agreement between Her Majesty and the German Emperor.

33. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing enactments which are superfluous or have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

34. An act to prevent the Spread of Infectious Disease.

35. An act to amend the Boiler Explosions Act, 1882.

36. An act to amend the Removal Terms (Scotland) Act, 1886.

37. An act to consolidate the Foreign Jurisdiction Acts.

38. An act for taking the Census of Scotland.

39. An act to declare and amend the Law of Partnership.

40. An act to extend the provisions of the Factors Act, 1889, to Scotland.

41. An act to further amend the Acts relating to the raising of money by the London County Council, and for other purposes.

42. An act to remove certain doubts which have arisen under the Reserve Forces Act, 1882, and for other purposes connected therewith.

43. An act to amend the Law in regard to the Education of Blind and Deaf-mute Children in Scotland.

44. An act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts.

45. An act to make provision respecting the Pensions, Allowances, and Gratuities of Police Constables in England and Wales, and their Widows and Children, and to make other provisions respecting the Police of England and Wales.

46. An act for taking the Census of Ireland.

47. An act to amend the Law relating to the Marriage of British Subjects outside the United Kingdom.

48. An act to amend the Pharmacy Act (Ireland), 1875.

49. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

50. An act to grant money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

51. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

52. An act to provide further facilities for the construction of certain Railways in Ireland.

53. An act to exempt certain letters of hypothecation from the operation of the Bills of Sale Act, 1882.

54. An act to amend the seventy-eighth section of the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862.

55. An act for the better prevention of Corrupt and Illegal Practices at Elections in Scotland other than Parliamentary Elections.

56. An act to further amend the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

57. An act to amend the Law with respect to Compensation due to Tenants on Land under Mortgage.

58. An act to make better provision for the payment of Clerks of Unions and Collectors of Poor Rates for services in carrying into effect the Acts relating to the Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Ireland.

59. An act to amend the Public Health Acts.

60. An act for the Distribution and Application of certain Duties of Customs and Excise; and for other purposes connected therewith.

61. An act for taking the Census of England and Wales.

62. An act to give further Powers to Companies with respect to certain Instruments under which they may be constituted or regulated.

63. An act to amend the Law relating to the Winding up of Companies in England and Wales.

64. An act to amend the Law relating to the Liability of Directors and others for Statements in Prospectuses and other Documents soliciting applications for Shares or Debentures.

65. An act to provide for an Appeal from a Sanitary Authority failing to carry into effect the Allotments Act, 1887.

66. An act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts.

67. An act to make provision respecting the Pensions, Allowances, and Gratuities of Police Constables in Scotland, and their Widows and Children, and to make other provisions respecting the Police of Scotland.

68. An act to amend the Public Libraries (England) Acts.

69. An act to amend the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1889.

70. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to Artizans and Labourers Dwellings and the Housing of the Working Classes.

71. An act to amend the Law of Bankruptcy.

72. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

