Acts passed in 1891, 54 & 55 Victoria c.1 - c.76.
From Public General Statutes, 1891.
---

1. An Act to provide for the Supply of Seed Potatoes to Occupiers and. Cultivators of Land in Ireland.

2. An Act to authorise the Transfer of the Powers of Promoters of Railway and Tramway Undertakings, under the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, to certain existing Railway Companies, and for other purposes.

3. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Custody of Children.

4. An Act to amend the Law relating to Technical Instruction.

5. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

6. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two.

7. An Act to amend the Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Act, 1890.

8. An Act to make better provision for the Recovery of Tithe Rentcharge in England and Wales.

9. An Act to make provisions in regard to the Registration of certain Writs in the Divisions of the General Register of Sasines for Scotland.

10. An Act to make temporary Provision for the business of the Middlesex Registry of Deeds.

11. An Act to remove certain Disabilities of Persons by reason of absence to be registered as Voters at Parliamentary and Local Elections.

12. An Act to remove doubts as to the Powers of Public Bodies in reference to Provisional Order Bills under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

13. An Act to regulate the Remuneration payable to Clerks to Commissioners of Income Tax and Inhabited House Duties and to Assessors and Collectors thereof.

14. An Act to provide for the Trial of Civil Causes in the City of London.

15. An Act to amend the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887.

16. An Act to extend to Army Schools the benefit of certain Educational Endowments.

17. An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Rentcharges and other Payments owing to Charities.

18. An Act for the Removal of Doubts arising under the Registration of Electors Acts.

19. An Act to enable Her Majesty, by Order in Council, to make Special Provision for prohibiting the Catching of Seals in Behring’s Sea by Her Majesty’s Subjects during the period named in the Order.

20. An Act for the better Preservation of the Pollen Fisheries in Ireland.

21. An Act to amend the Law relating to Savings Banks.

22. An Act to enable Urban Authorities to provide and maintain Museums and Gymnasiums.

23. An Act to assist the Managers of Reformatory and Industrial Schools in advantageously launching into useful Careers the Children under their charge.

24. An Act to amend certain provisions of the Law with respect to Money charged on or payable out of the Consolidated Fund, and with respect to Public Accounts.

25. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

26. An Act to make provision for paying off the British portion of the Russian Dutch Loan.

27. An Act to apply the sum of fifteen million nine hundred and thirty thousand and two pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two.

28. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Branding of Herrings on the Coast of Northumberland.

29. An Act to amend the Law of Scotland as regards Presumption of Life.

30. An Act to amend the Law relating to Law Agents and Notaries Public practising in Scotland.

31. An Act to enable Her Majesty in Council to carry into effect Conventions which may be made with Foreign Countries respecting Ships engaged in Postal Service.

32. An Act to amend the Law relating to Roads and Streets in Police Burghs in Scotland.

33. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Rating of Allotments for Sanitary purposes.

34. An Act to provide increased Facilities for the raising of money by Local Authorities in Scotland by the issue of Debentures, Stock, or otherwise.

35. An Act to amend the Bills of Sale Act, 1890.

36. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Salaries and Fees of Consular Officers.

37. An Act to carry into effect an International Declaration respecting the North Sea Fisheries, and to amend the Law relating to Sea Fisheries and Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries.

38. An Act to consolidate the Law relating to the Management of Stamp Duties.

39. An Act to consolidate the Enactments granting and relating to the Stamp Duties upon Instruments and certain other enactments relating to Stamp Duties.

40. An Act to provide Compensation for Owners of Property suffering through the Subsidence of the Ground caused by the Pumping of Brine.

41. An Act to regulate Crofters Common Grazings in Scotland.

42. An Act further to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860.

43. An Act for preserving Purchasers of Stock from Losses by Forged Transfers.

44. An Act to amend the Law of Trusts in Scotland.

45. An Act to provide for and regulate the user by purchasing tenants of Rights of Turbary.

46. An Act to amend the Post Office Acts and to make provision for the Service of the Post Office.

47. An Act to amend the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872, in its application to the Isle of Man.

48. An Act in provide Further Funds for the Purchase of Land in Ireland, and to make permanent the Land Commission; and to provide for the Improvement of the Congested Districts in Ireland.

49. An Act to regulate the Charges of Returning Officers at Parliamentary Elections in Scotland.

50. An Act to amend the Commissioners for Oaths Act, 1889.

51. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Slander of Women.

52. An Act to amend the Public Health (Scotland) Acts.

53. An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts.

54. An Act to facilitate the Acquisition of Ranges by Volunteer Corps and others.

55. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

56. An Act to make further provision for assisting Education in Public Elementary Schools m England and Wales.

57. An Act to provide for the Redemption of Rent by long Leaseholders and others.

58. An Act to make provisions in regard to the Construction and Maintenance of certain Works of public and local utility in the Western Highlands and Islands of Scotland.

59. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

60. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

61. An Act to facilitate the transfer of Schools for Science and Art to Local Authorities.

62. An Act to further amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the London County Council, and for other purposes.

63. An Act to confer further powers on County Councils and other Authorities with respect to Main Roads and other Highways and Bridges.

64. An Act to transfer the Middlesex Registry of Deeds to the Land Registry, and provide for the conduct of the business thereof.

65. An Act to amend the Lunacy Act, 1890.

66. An Act to establish Local Registries of Titles to Land in Ireland.

67. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

68. An Act to alter the date of holding County Council Elections, and to remove Doubts respecting the Holding of such Elections.

69. An Act to amend the Law relating to Penal Servitude and the Prevention of Crime.

70. An Act to amend the Markets and Fairs (Weighing of Cattle) Act, 1887.

71. An Act to amend the Labourers, Ireland, Acts.

72. An Act to amend the Coinage Act, 1870.

73. An Act to amend the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888, and the Law relating to Mortmain and Charitable Uses.

74. An Act to amend and explain the Foreign Marriage Acts.

75. An Act to amend the Law relating to Factories and Workshops.

76. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Public Health in London.

