Acts passed in 1895, 58 & 59 Victoria c.1 - c.44.
From Public General Acts, 1895.
---

1. An act to amend and explain the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894.

2. An act to provide for the supply of Seed Potatoes to Occupiers and Cultivators of Land in Ireland.

3. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Australian Colonies.

4. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

5. An act to amend the Shop Hours Act, 1892.

6. An act to amend the Convention of Royal Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1879.

7. An act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

8. An act to amend the Grand Jury (Ireland) Laws.

9. An act to apply the Documentary Evidence Acts to the Board of Agriculture.

10. An act for settling and securing an Annuity upon the Right Honourable Arthur Wellesley Peel in consideration of his eminent services.

11. An act to amend the Law relating to the Taxation of Costs under the Lands Clauses Acts.

12. An act to make provision for the temporary absence of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.

13. An act to amend the Cruelty to Animals (Scotland) Act, 1850.

14. An act to provide for the Regulation of Foes payable in the Courts of Law in Scotland.

15. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

16. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make provision for the financial arrangements of the year.

17. An act for enabling Children to be sent from the Channel Islands to Reformatory or Industrial Schools in Great Britain.

18. An act to amend the Post Office Act, 1891.

19. An act to make provision in regard to the Consignation of Money in the Court of Session in Scotland; and for other purposes.

20. An act to amend the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

21. An act to provide for prohibiting the Catching of Seals at certain periods in Behring Sea and other parts of the Pacific Ocean adjacent to Behring Sea, and for regulating the Seal Fisheries in these Seas.

22. An act to make temporary provision for the Relief of Distress in Ireland.

23. An act to amend the Law as to the calling out of Volunteers for actual Military Service.

24. An act to amend the Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1888.

25. An act to amend the Law relating to the Costs allowed to Mortgagees.

26. An act to amend the Law relating to Friendly Societies.

27. An act to extend and amend the provisions of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, so far as they relate to Market Gardens.

28. An act to prohibit the giving False Alarms of Fires.

29. An act to amend the Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1891, by providing the right of appeal in certain cases.

30. An act to amend the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893.

31. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

32. An act to amend the Local Government Act, 1894, so far as regards the transfer of any stock, share, or security standing in the name of, or dividends payable to, a local authority.

33. An act to amend the Extradition Acts, 1870 and 1873, so far as respects the Magistrates by whom and the Place in which the Case may be heard and the Criminal held in Custody.

34. An act to provide in certain cases for the Alteration of the Boundaries of Colonies.

35. An act to make provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purpose of the Royal Navy, and to amend the Law relating to the Acquisition of Land for Naval Purposes.

36. An act to make provision for Public Inquiry in regard to Fatal Accidents occurring in Industrial Employments or Occupations in Scotland.

37. An act to amend and extend the Law relating to Factories and Workshops.

38. An act to amend the Law respecting the Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

39. An act to amend the Law relating to the Summary Jurisdiction of Magistrates in reference to Married Women.

40. An act to amend the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

41. An act to amend the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts.

42. An act for the better Regulation of Scottish Sea Fisheries.

43. An act to amend the Naturalization Act, 1870, so far as respects Children of Naturalized British Subjects in the Service of the Crown resident out of the United Kingdom.

44. An act to amend the Law relating to the Judicial Committees of Her Majesty's Privy Council.

