Acts passed in 1896, 59 & 60 Victoria c.1 - c.59.
From Public General Acts, 1896.
---

1. An Act to continue temporarily certain Powers for the Removal of Difficulties at Elections under the Local Government Act, 1894.

2. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.

4. An Act to prevent certain Disqualifications for Elections to Parish Councils of 1896.

5. An Act to enable Women to be elected and act as Poor Law Guardians in Ireland.

6. An Act to make provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purpose of the Royal Navy.

7. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.

8. An Act to enable Life Assurance Companies to pay money into Court in certain cases.

9. An Act to amend certain Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1888, with respect to the Determination of Differences by the Local Government Board.

10. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Members of Dispensary Committees in Ireland.

11. An Act to remove certain Doubts with respect to the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, so far as it applies to Ireland.

12. An Act for the bettor reporting of Floating Derelicts.

13. An Act to extend the time for the Repayment of Loans granted by Queen Anne’s Bounty to Incumbents of Benefices.

14. An Act to facilitate the Citation of sundry Acts of Parliament.

15. An Act to amend the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894.

16. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Rating of Occupiers of Agricultural Land in England, and for other purposes connected therewith.

17. An Act to redescribe the Parliamentary Divisions of the City of Glasgow.

18. An Act to amend the Fisheries Acts relating to Norfolk and Suffolk.

19. An Act to make further Provision with respect to Epidemic, Endemic, and Infectious Diseases, and to repeal the Acts relating to Quarantine.

20. An Act to amend the Public Health Act with respect to the Powers of Port Sanitary Authorities.

21. An Act to amend the Procedure of the Liverpool Court of Passage.

22. An Act to exempt certain Chairmen of District Councils who have already taken the Oath from again taking the Oath before acting as Justices of the Peace.

23. An Act for the Acquisition of a Site for Public Offices in Westminster, and for purposes connected therewith.

24. An Act for the Acquisition of Property for the Extension of the General Register House at Edinburgh.

25. An Act to consolidate the Law relating to Friendly and other Societies.

26. An Act to consolidate the Enactments relating to Friendly Societies and Industrial Assurance Companies which receive Contributions and Premiums by means of Collectors.

27. An Act to amend the Law relating to Cabs in London.

28. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make provision for the Financial Arrangements of the Year.

29. An Act to amend the Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884.

30. An Act to make better provision for the Prevention and Settlement of Trade Disputes.

31. An Act to amend the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890.

32. An Act to facilitate the Construction of Small Piers and Harbours in the Counties of Orkney and Zetland.

33. An Act to amend the Laws with respect to the Royal Naval Volunteers.

34. An Act to facilitate the Construction of Railways and the Establishment of other means of Communication in Ireland, and for other purposes incidental thereto.

35. An Act to provide for the appointment of Judicial Trustees and otherwise to amend the Law respecting the Administration of Trusts and the Liability of Trustees.

36. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Use of Locomotives on Highways.

37. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Classification of Lands and Heritages for purposes of Rating in Scotland, for the Relief of the Occupiers of Agricultural Lands and Heritages, for the creation of a Fund for the Improvement of Congested Districts in the Highlands and Islands, and for Relief from the Payment of the Land Tax in Burghs in Scotland.

38. An Act to make provision for the Construction of a Railway in Africa, from Mombasa to the Victoria Nyanza, through the Protectorates of Zanzibar, British East Africa, and Uganda.

39. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

40. An Act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1892.

41. An Act for paying to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account a Share of the Estate Duty.

42. An Act to grant Moneys for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

43. An Act to amend the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887.

44. An Act to amend the Truck Acts.

45. An Act for abolishing the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries.

46. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

47. An Act to further amend the Law relating to the Occupation and Ownership of Land in Ireland, and for other purposes relating thereto.

48. An Act to facilitate the Construction of Light Railways in Great Britain.

49. An Act to amend the Law relating to Law Agents and Notaries Public practising in Scotland.

50. An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Poor Law Officers and Servants, and for Contributions towards such Allowances by such Officers and Servants; and to make other relative provisions.

51. An Act to prevent Abuse of the Process of the High Court or other Courts by the Institution of Vexatious Legal Proceedings.

52. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Jurisdiction exerciseable in Cases relating to the Receipt or Possession of Stolen Property.

53. An Act to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1883 to 1892.

54. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Public Health in Ireland.

55. An Act to make provisions relating to the offices of Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County of London.

56. An Act to amend the Wild Birds Protection Acts.

57. An Act to provide for the Trial of Burglaries by Courts of Quarter Sessions.

58. An Act for authorising the Treasury to guarantee the Interest on certain Capital of the West Highland Railway Company, and pay a Sum of Money to that Company.

59. An Act to amend the Baths and Washhouses Acts.

