Acts passed in 1898, 61 & 62 Victoria c.1 - c.62.
From Public General Acts, 1898.
---

1. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

2. An Act to make provision with respect to the Registration of Electors for the purpose of Local Government in Ireland.

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

4. An Act to enable Her Majesty the Queen to carry into effect a Convention made for facilitating the raising of a Loan by the Government of Greece.

5. An Act to provide for defraying the expenses of the purchase of Land and Buildings and the construction of Buildings and Works in connexion with certain Public Departments.

6. An Act for amending the Law as to Special Juries.

7. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Bail.

8. An Act to amend the Law in regard to the Tenure of Office of Sheriffs in Scotland.

9. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Reserve Forces and Militia.

10. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year.

11. An Act to explain the Act as to Suffragan Bishops.

12. An Act to amend the Public Record Office Act, 1877.

13. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of Indiato raise money in the United Kingdom for the service of the Governmentof India.

14. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, with respect to the Liability of Shipowners.

15. An Act to empower certain Societies to borrow money from persons and Corporations other than Members.

16. An Act to provide for the protection of dangerous places on Canals in the County of London.

17. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Solicitors and to the service of Indentured Apprentices in Ireland.

18. An Act to make better provision for the guarantee of Postal Facilities by Local Authorities.

19. An Act to provide for the establishment of a Poor Law Unions Association in England and Wales, and to enable Boards of Guardians to contribute to the expenses of the Association.

20. An Act to exempt certain Ex-officio Justices of the Peace in Scotland who have already taken the Oath from again taking oath before acting as Justices of the Peace.

21. An Act to further amend the Law relating to the Settlement and Removal of the Poor in Scotland.

22. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

23. An Act to amend the Union of Benefices Act, 1860.

24. An Act to amend the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1892.

25. An Act to amend the Pharmacy Acts, 1852 and 1868.

26. An Act to amend the Companies Act, 1867.

27. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

28. An Act to develop the Fisheries of Mussels in Ireland.

29. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the rise of Locomotives on Highways, and with respect to extraordinary Traffic.

30. An Act to make further provision with respect to the Relief of Pauper Children in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

31. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Police Courts Act, 1897.

32. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

33. An Act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1897.

34. An Act to enable the County Councils on either side of the Border to act together for the prevention of the Pollution of Rivers.

35. An Act to prevent vexatious Legal Proceedings in Scotland.

36. An Act to amend the Law of Evidence.

37. An Act for amending the Law relating to Local Government in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

38. An Act to enable Parish Councils to borrow Fire-Engines.

39. An Act to amend the Vagrancy Act, 1824.

40. An Act to amend the Law regarding the Circuit Clerks of Justiciary in Scotland.

41. An Act to amend the Prisons Acts.

42. An Act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884.

43. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Commons Acts.

44. An Act to amend the Law with regard to the provision for the Payment of certain Expenses under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, and with regard to the levying of Light Dues.

45. An Act to amend Section Sixty-nine of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, as,to the Expenses payable out of the Metropolitan Common Poor Fund.

46. An Act for amending the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and for other purposes connected with Finance.

47. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

48. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Patronage of Benefices, and to their avoidance on Sequestration, and to amend the Pluralities Acts, 1838 and 1885.

49. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Vaccination.

50. An Act to provide for the Supply of Seed Potatoes, Seed Oats, and Spraying Machines and Material to Occupiers and Cultivators of Land in Ireland, and for the employment of Instructors in the use of such Machines and Material.

51. An Act to make temporary provision for the Relief of Distress in Ireland.

52. An Act to transfer to the Commissioners of the Township of Kingstown certain Roads and Lands now vested in the Commissioners of Kingstown Harbour, and for other purposes.

53. An Act to provide for the Punishment of Offences in Libraries.

54. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Loans out of the Local Loans Fund.

55. An Act to amend the Universities and College Estates Acts, 1858 to 1880.

56. An Act to make provision in regard to the distribution and application of further sums from time to time paid to the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account.

57. An Act to provide for Superannuation and other Annuities and Allowances to Elementary School Teachers certificated by the Education Department.

58. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Attendance of Registrars at Marriages in Nonconformist Places of Worship.

59. An Act to extend to Borough and Urban District Councils the powers to guarantee Postal and Telegraphic Facilities already possessed by Rural Councils.

60. An Act to provide for the treatment of Habitual Inebriates.

61. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

62. An Act to make further provision with respect to the University of London.

