Public Acts passed in 1899, 62 & 63 Victoria c.1 - c.51.
From Public General Acts, 1899.
---

1. An act to change the Data of the Season for Partridge Shooting in Ireland.

2. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and one thousand nine hundred.

3. An act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

4. An act to amend the Solicitors Acts.

5. An act to amend the Public Libraries (Scotland) Acts.

6. An act to amend the Law with respect to the hearing of Appeals and Motions by the Court of Appeal.

7. An act to enable and require the Metropolitan Water Companies to supply each other with Water in cases of emergency.

8. An act to extend the Infectious Disease (Notification) Act, 1889, to Districts in which it has not been adopted.

9. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make ether provision for the financial arrangements of the year.

10. An act to enable Parish Councillors to hold Office for Three Years.

11. An act to assimilate the Law of Scotland and of Ireland as to Imprisonment in default of Payment of Fines to that of England.

12. An act to amend the Law with regard to Reformatory Schools.

13. An act to amend the Law respecting the Employment and Education of Young Children.

14. An act to make better provision for Local Government in London.

15. An act to amend the provisions of the Metropolis Management Acts with respect to Byelaws.

16. An act to give powers to the Executive Committee of the Gordon Memorial College at Khartoum to invest Trust Funds in certain Securities.

17. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Payment of Rates on Tithe Rentcharge attached to a Benefice.

18. An act to amend certain provisions of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896, affecting the Congested Districts Board, and to make further provision for the expenses of that Board out of money provided by Parliament.

19. An act for incorporating in one Act certain provisions usually contained in Provisional Orders made under the Acts relating to Electric Lighting.

20. An act for enabling Bodies Corporate to hold Property in Joint Tenancy.

21. An act to provide for Seats being supplied for the use of Shop Assistants.

22. An act to amend the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

23. An act to simplify and amend the Law relating to the Testing and Sale of Anchors and Chain Cables.

24. An act to amend the University of London Act, 1898, with respect to Holloway College.

25. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

26. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Salaries and Allowances of the Commissioner, Receiver, and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police.

27. An act to remove doubts os to the Validity of Certain Marriages.

28. An act to amend section twenty of the Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850.

29. An act to amend the Baths and Washhouses Acts.

30. An act to amend the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and the Law relating to Commons and Open Spaces.

31. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans and for other purposes relating to Loans out of the Local Loans Fund.

32. An act to make better provision for the Elementary Education of Defective and Epileptic Children in England and Wales.

33. An act to provide for the Establishment of a Board of Education for England and Wales, and for matters connected therewith.

34. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

35. An act to amend the Inebriates Act, 1898.

36. An act to authorise certain Public Loans to certain Colonies or Places.

37. An act to amend Section One of the Poor Law Act, 1889, and Section Four of the Pauper Inmates Discharge and Regulation Act, 1871.

38. An act to make further Provision for the Improvement of Telephonic Communication, and otherwise with respect to Telegraphs.

39. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

40. An act to amend the Law relating to the Reserve Forces.

41. An act to make further Provision for Defraying the Expenses of certain Military Works and other Military Services.

42. An act to make further provision for the construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy, and to amend the Law with respect to the construction and use of Tramways for Naval Purposes.

43. An act to make provision for certain Payments to be made in connection with the Revocation of the Charter of the Royal Niger Company.

44. An act to empower Local Authorities to advance Money for enabling Persons to acquire the Ownership of Small Houses in which they reside.

45. An act to amend the Patriotic Fund Act, 1881, and the Patriotic Fund Act, 1886.

46. An act to amend the Enactments relating to the Improvement of Land.

47. An act to provide for improving and extending the Procedure for obtaining Parliamentary Powers by way of Provisional Orders in matters relating to Scotland.

48. An act to constitute the Divisions of Lincolnshire separate Counties for all the purposes of the Coroners Acts.

49. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

50. An act for establishing a Department of Agriculture and other Industries and Technical Instruction in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

51. An act to amend the Law relating to the sale of Food and Drugs.

