Acts passed in 1901, 1 Edward 7 c.1 - c.40.
From Public General Acts, 1901.
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred one thousand nine hundred and one and one thousand nine hundred and two.

2. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

3. An act to amend subsection (1) of section nine of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, and subsection (2) of section forty-three of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896.

4. An act to make provision for the honour and dignity of the Crown and the Royal Family, and for the payment of certain allowances and pensions.

5. An act to amend the Law relating to the Holding of Offices in case of the Demise of the Crown.

6. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two.

7. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year.

8. An act to amend the Isolation Hospitals Act, 1893.

9. An act to regulate the Employment and Attendance of Children at School in Scotland.

10. An act to amend the Larceny Act, 1861.

11. An act for enabling local authorities to empower School Boards temporarily to carry on certain schools; and for sanctioning certain School Board expenses.

12. An act to provide for raising Money for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and two.

13. An act to continue the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, the Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Act, 1899, the Agricultural Rates, Congested Districts and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896, and the Local Taxation Account (Scotland) Act, 1898.

14. An act to amend the Law relating to the Militia and Yeomanry.

15. An act to enable His most gracious Majesty to make an Addition to the Royal Style and Titles in recognition of His Majesty’s dominions beyond the seas.

16. An act for the acquisition of certain land near the National Gallery in London and for purposes connected therewith.

17. An act to amend the Law relating to Lunatics in Ireland.

18. An act to amend the Law with reference to International Arrangements for Patents.

19. An act to amend the Acts relating to Public Libraries, Museums and Gymnasiums, and to regulate the Liability of Managers of Libraries to Proceedings for Libel.

20. An act to amend the Law relating to Youthful Offenders and for other purposes connected therewith.

21. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

22. An act to consolidate with Amendments the Factory and Workshop Acts.

23. An act for legalizing Marriages heretofore solemnized in certain Churches and Places.

24. An act to amend the Law in regard to the Sewerage and Drainage and Water Supply of Burghs in Scotland.

25. An act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the purpose of paying off or redeeming Debentures of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Company.

26. An act to amend the Law with respect to Districts for registration purposos and the appointment of Superintendent Registrars of Births and Deaths in certain Unions.

27. An act to prevent the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors to Children.

28. An act to amend sections fifty-four, fifty-six, fifty-seven and seventy-one of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, and to make provision with respect to the making of rates in certain urban districts in Ireland.

29. An act to confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures.

30. An act to extend the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Act 1889.

31. An act to provide for the Construction and Working of a Submarine Cable from the Island of Vancouver to New Zealand and to Queensland.

32. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

33. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

34. An act to amend the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Acts.

35. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

36. An act to provide for the Payment of another of the Light Railway Commissioners.

37. An act to make provision with respect to Valuation Lists and Rates in cases of a re-valuation under section sixty-five of the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898.

38. An act to amend the Steam Trawling (Ireland) Act, 1889.

39. An act to make further provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy.

40. An act to make further provision for Defraying the Expenses of certain Military Works and other Military Services.

