Acts passed in 1902, 2 Edward 7 c.1 - c.42.
From Public General Acts, 1902.
---

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, one thousand nine hundred and two, and one thousand nine hundred and three.

2. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

3. An Act to enable County Councils in Ireland to exclude Congested Districts from the area of charge for certain purposes.

4. An Act to provide for raising money for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and three.

5. An Act to amend section one of the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1896.

6. An Act to amend the Wild Birds' Protection Acts.

7. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year.

8. An Act for the regulation of the burning of Human Remains and to enable Burial Authorities to establish Crematoria.

9. An Act to amend the Prison Act, 1877, with respect to the Allowances of Prison Officers under section thirty-six of that Act.

10. An Act to amend the Law as to Pensions and Gratuities of Police Reservists called out on permanent service.

11. An Act to make further provision for the Punishment of Persons trading in Prostitution in Scotland.

12. An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to remove certain newspapers and other printed matter from the present British Museum Buildings.

13. An Act to authorise the establishment of Labour Bureaux throughout the Metropolis.

14. An Act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the University of Wales.

15. An Act to amend the Law relating to Musical Copyright.

16. An Act to amend the Pauper Children (Ireland) Act, 1898.

17. An Act to secure the better training of Midwives and to regulate their practice.

18. An Act to amend the Law relating to issue of Licences for the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors in Ireland.

19. An Act to renew the Education Act, 1901.

20. An Act to amend the Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts.

21. An Act to prohibit compulsory Membership of Unregistered Shop Clubs or Thrift Funds and to regulate such as are duly registered.

22. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

23. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

24. An Act to facilitate the execution and maintenance of Marine Works in Ireland and for other like purposes.

25. An Act to amend the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Acts in regard to the Law relating to the Rating of Machinery.

26. An Act to substitute the Government of the Commonwealth of Australia for the Governments of the States of New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria in the Pacific Cable Act, 1901.

27. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one and one thousand nine hundred and three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

28. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors and to Drunkenness, and to provide for the Registration of Clubs.

29. An Act for the better protection of Freshwater Fish in Scotland.

30. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and three, and to appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

31. An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts.

32. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

33. An Act to provide for the payment of certain Moneys to the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland.

34. An Act to amend the Law with reference to Applications for Patents and Compulsory Licences and other matters connected therewith.

35. An Act to amend the borrowing provisions of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act, 1890.

36. An Act to amend the Mail Ships Act, 1891.

37. An Act to make provision with respect to the disposition and management of His Majesty's Osborne Estate in the Isle of Wight.

38. An Act to further amend the Law relating to Local Government in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith (Local Government (Ireland).)

39. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Militia and Yeomanry.

40. An Act to provide further Money for the Uganda Railway.

41. An Act for establishing a Water Board to manage the supply of water within London and certain adjoining Districts, for transferring to the Water Board the undertakings of the Metropolitan Water Companies, and for other purposes connected therewith.

42. An Act to make further provision with respect to Education in England and Wales.

