Acts passed in 1903, 3 Edward 7 c.1 - c.47.
From Public General Acts, 1903.
---

1. An Act to make provision for a Bank Holiday in Ireland on the seventeenth day of every March.

2. An Act to provide for the Authorisation of Races with Light Locomotives in Ireland.

3. An Act to apply certain sums put of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two, one thousand nine hundred and three and one thousand nine hundred and four.

4. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

5. An Act to constitute the Town of Duns to be the Head Burgh or County Town of Berwickshire.

6. An Act to provide for the Constitution of a Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, and a Force of Royal Marine Volunteers, and otherwise amend the Law relating to His Majesty's Naval Forces.

7. An Act to amend the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887.

8. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

8. An Act to empower County Councils to promote Bills in Parliament.

10. An Act to provide for the borrowing by Local Education Authorities for certain purposes.

11. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Mode of Execution of certain Contracts entered into on behalf of the Secretary of State for India in Council.

12. An Act to enable the Postmaster-General to issue Postal Orders of the Value of Twenty-one Shillings.

13. An Act to amend the Elementary Education (Defective and Epileptic Children) Act, 1899.

14. An Act to amend the Borough Funds Act, 1872.

15. An Act to amend section ten of the Local Government Act, 1888.

16. An Act for the acquisition of certain land in Dublin as a site for a proposed Royal College of Science and other offices and buildings for the public service and for purposes connected therewith.

17. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Streets Act, 1867.

18. An Act to regulate the sale and use of Pistols or other Firearms.

19. An Act to give power to dissolve School Districts, formed under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor, and for facilitating adjustments on alterations of areas or authorities under those Acts.

20. An Act to reorganise the Administration of the Patriotic Fund.

21. An Act to make provision for giving effect to a Convention signed the Fifth day of March, nineteen hundred and two, in relation to Sugar.

22. An Act to make further provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy.

23. An Act to provide for a Special Grant to be used for the purposes of the Development of Ireland.

24. An Act to extend and adapt the Education Act, 1902, to London.

25. An Act to consolidate with Amendments the Laws relating to Licensing in Scotland.

26. An Act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnised at the Ellerker Chapel-of-Ease, Brantingham, and at the Churches of Saint Mark, Marske in-Cleveland, All Saints, Brightwaltham (otherwise Brightwalton), and Saint Mary, Great Ilford, and at the Old Baptist Union Chapel, Grays Thurrock, and Marriages solemnised after banns published at the Mission Room in the parish of Marrick.

27. An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee the payment of a Loan to be raised by the Transvaal, and to provide for the application of any sums paid by that Colony or the Orange River Colony towards the expenses incurred by His Majesty's Government in or incidental to the prosecution of the late war in South Africa.

28. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

29. An Act to make further provision for defraying the Expenses of certain Military Works and other Military Services.

30. An Act to facilitate the Introduction and use of Electrical Power on Railways.

31. An Act to transfer to the Board of Agriculture powers and duties relating to the Industry of Fishing, and to amend the Board of Agriculture Act, 1889.

32. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two, and one thousand nine hundred aod four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

33. An Act to amend the Law relating to the administration of Burghs in Scotland.

34. An Act to amend the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900.

35. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

36. An Act to amend the Locomotives on Highways Act, 1896.

37. An Act to amend the Law relating to the occupation and ownership of Land in Ireland and for other purposes relating thereto, and to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Acts.

38. An Act to make provision for the Defence of Poor Prisoners.

39. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Housing of the Working Classes.

40. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

41. An Act to make further provision for defraying the expenses of the purchase of Land and Buildings and the construction of Buildings and Works in connexion with certain Public Departments.

42. An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of the County Courts.

43. An Act to amend the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, in relation to Sheep Scab.

44. An Act for regulating the business of Marine Store Dealers and Dealers in Second-hand Goods in Ireland.

45. An Act to make better provision for regulating the Employment of Children.

46. An Act to make certain amendments of the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and of the Law relating to the powers and duties of the National Debt Commissioners.

47. An Act to amend the Military Lands Acts, 1892 to 1900, with respect to the acquisition of Land for Military Purposes.

