Acts passed in 1904, 4 Edward 7 c.1 - c.36.
From Public General Acts, 1904.
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and four and one thousand nine hundred and five.

2. An act to authorise the appropriation of the surplus funds derived from Battersea Park towards the opening of the Mall into Charing Cross and other Metropolitan Improvements.

3. An act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1899.

4. An act to amend the Wild Birds Protection Acts.

5. An act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

6. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Hall-marking of Foreign Plate.

7. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

8. An act to amend the Savings Banks Act.

9. An act to provide for the Registration of Clubs in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

10. An act to extend the provisions of the Wiid Birds Protection Acts to the Island of St. Kilda, excepting as regards certain Birds required for the support of the Inhabitants of the Island.

11. An act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the University of Liverpool.

12. An act to extend the privileges of the Graduates of the University of Leeds.

13. An act to provide for the Adjustment, in accordance with changes of boundary effected under the London Government Act, 1899, of the Areas within which Local Authorities and Companies are authorised to supply Electricity.

14. An act to amend the Post Office Acts with respect to cumulative commissions on Money Orders and the use of embossed and impressed stamps.

15. An act to amend the Law relating to the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.

16. An act to enable Regulations to be made for carrying into effect conventions with respect to the prevention of danger arising to public health from vessels, and the prevention of the conveyance of infection by means of vessels.

17. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

18. An act to make provision for the case of default on the part of Local Authorities in the performance of their duties as respects elementary schools.

19. An act to amend the Law relating to Private Sidings on Railways.

20. An act to make provision for the transfer of Property and other matters consequent upon the dissolution of Districts and Poor Law Unions or the addition of one Poor Law Union to another.

21. An act to enable the Treasury to borrow by means of Exchequer Bonds for purposes for which they are authorised to borrow by means of Terminable Annuities.

22. An act to make provision with respect to an advance to be made to the Cunard Steamship Company (Limited), under an Agreement with that Company dated the thirtieth day of July nineteen hundred and three.

23. An act to amend the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1902, in respect to the extinction of Licences and the grant of new Licences.

24. An act to provide for the regulation of Wireless Telegraphy.

25. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

26. An act to amend the Indian Councils Act, 1874.

27. An act to authorise the transfer to the Secretary for Scotland of certain powers and duties under the Acts relating to Reformatory and Industrial Schools.

28. An act to amend the Law relating to Weights and Measures.

29. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

30. An act to provide for the foundation of Bishoprics of Southwark and Birmingham and for matters incidental thereto.

31. An act to provide for the Early Closing of Shops.

32. An act to amend the Outdoor Relief Friendly Societies Act, 1894.

33. An act for approving and carrying into Effect a Convention between His Majesty and the President of the French Republic.

34. An act to explain and amend Section forty-eight of the Irish Land Act, 1903, with respect to the payment and application of the percentage provided by the said section.

35. An act to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Scotland by abolishing the distinction between general prisons and ordinary prisons.

36. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

