Public Acts passed in 1906, 6 Edward 7 c.1 - c.58.
From Public General Acts, 1906.
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and six and one thousand nine hundred and seven.

2. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

3. An act to make provision with respect to loans and sales made for the purpose of the supply of Seed Potatoes to occupiers and cultivators of land in Ireland.

4. An act to extend certain provisions of the Post Office (Money Orders) Acts to Money Orders transmitted to and from Foreign States and British Protectorates.

5. An act to amend the Law relating to the falsification of Seamen's and Soldiers' Certificates of Service or Discharge, and to false statements made, used, or given in connection with Entry or Enlistment into His Majesty's Naval, Military, or Marine Forces.

6. An act to facilitate the proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to hold an Inquiry respecting the Duties of the Metropolitan Police in dealing with cases of Drunkenness, Disorder, and Solicitation in the Streets.

7. An act to amend the Law relating to the Superannuation of Constables.

8. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

9. An act to amend the Indian Railways Act, 1804.

10. An act to provide for the Education and Conveyance to School of Epileptic and Crippled and Defective Children.

11. An act to amend the Law relating to the Reserve Forces.

12. An act to amend the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

13. An act to continue the Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904.

14. An act to consolidate and amend the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Acts, 1881 and 1892.

15. An act to include Bribery amongst Extradition Crimes.

16. An act to amend the Law relating to Justices of the Peace.

17. An act to amend section eighty-two of the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882.

18. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

19. An act to make further provision with respect to the Revenues of the Deanery of Manchester.

20. An act to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and for other purposes connected with Finance.

21. An act to amend the Ground Game Act, 1880.

22. An act to facilitate the Transmission by Post of Books and Papers impressed for the use of the Blind.

23. An act to amend the Acts relating to Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland.

24. An act to amend the Solicitors Acts.

25. An act to consolidate Enactments relating to Open Spaces.

26. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

27. An act to amend the law with respect to the sale of Agricultural Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs.

28. An act to amend the Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1894.

29. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

30. An act to declare the law with respect to a marriage between a man and his deceased wife's sister domiciled in parts of the British Possessions where such a marriage is legal.

31. An act to amend the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, with respect to bridges.

32. An act to consolidate and amend the Enactments relating to injury to live stock by Dogs, and otherwise to amend the Law relating to Dogs.

33. An act to transfer to the Local Government Board the Powers of the Treasury under enactments relating to Local Authorities.

34. An act for the better Prevention of Corruption.

35. An act to amend the Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895, and to make further provision for Inquiry into Sudden and Suspicious Deaths in Scotland.

36. An act to amend the Law relating to Musical Copyright.

37. An act to amend the Law relating to Labourers in Ireland and to make provision with respect to the application of portion of the Ireland Development Grant.

38. An act to further promote the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

39. An act to amend the Law relating to the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors in Ireland on Saturdays and Sundays, and for other purposes connected therewith.

40. An act to amend the Law with respect to Marriages between British subjects and Foreigners.

41. An act to codify the Law relating to Marine Insurance.

42. An act to remove doubts as to the manner in which the powers and duties of justices acting in and for a borough may be exercised under the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1904.

43. An act for the Suppression of Betting in Streets and other Public Places.

44. An act to amend the Law with respect to the consent required for the use of ground for burials and the construction of Cemeteries.

45. An act to repeal the provisions of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1839 with respect to the removal of Offensive Matter in places within the Metropolitan Police District.

46. An act to make provision as to the appointment of Deputies for Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks of the Peace, and for the temporary performance of the duties of those officers in case of vacancies.

47. An act to provide for die regulation of Trades Unions and Trade Disputes.

48. An act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1900.

49. An act to provide for taking a Census of Production.

50. An act to establish a Board of Trustees to manage the National Galleries of Scotland; and for other purposes.

51. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

52. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing tlio Acts granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes, and to remove the qualification by estate required in the case of all such Commissioners, whether appointed under this or any previous Act.

53. An act to amend the law relating to Returns and Notifications of Accidents in Mines, Quarries, Factories, and Workshops, and under the Notice of Accidents Act, 1894.

54. An act to improve the position of Tenants of certain Houses, Shops, or other Buildings in Ireland.

55. An act to provide for the appointment of a Public Trustee and to amend the Law relating to the administration of Trusts.

56. An act to amend the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings.

57. An act to make provision for Meals for Children attending Public Elementary Schools in England and Wales.

58. An act to consolidate and amend the Law with respect to Compensation to Workmen for Injuries suffered in the course of their employment.

