Public Acts passed in 1907, 7 Edward 7 c.1 - c.56.
From Public General Acts, 1907.
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seven and one thousand nine hundred and eight.

2. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

3. An act to repeal the Law which prohibits the Growing of Tobacco in Ireland.

4. An act to extend the Destructive Insects Act, 1877, to all Pests destructive to Crops, Trees, or Bushes.

5. An act to re-enact with amendments the Injured Animals Act, 1894.

6. An act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1906.

7. An act to amend the Law relating to the Reservation for His Majesty's pleasure of Bills passed by the Legislatures of the States forming part of the Commonwealth of Australia, and to confirm certain Acts passed by those Legislatures.

8. An act to exempt from Assay Foreign Watch-Cases imported into the United Kingdom before the first day of June nineteen hundred and seven.

9. An act to provide for the reorganisation of His Majesty's military forces and for that purpose to authorise the establishment of County Associations, and the raising and maintenance of a Territorial Force, and for amending the Acts relating to the Reserve Forces.

10. An act to repeal section fifty-seven of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, and part of section seven of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, relating to the Employment of Women and Children.

11. An act to make further provision with respect to the sums to be paid by Canada to the several Provinces of the Dominion.

12. An act to amend the Matrimonial Causes Acts, 1857 and 1866, by extending the powers of the Court in relation to Maintenance and Alimony, and leave to intervene.

13. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

14. An act to make better provision as to the Relief of Persons released from detention in Prisons, Reformatory and Industrial Schools, and Inebriate Reformatories.

15. An act to enable Provisional Orders to be made for regulating Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries.

16. An act to facilitate the admission in evidence of statutes passed by the Legislatures of British Possessions and Protectorates, including Cyprus.

17. An act to permit the Release on Probation of Offenders in certain cases, and for other matters incidental thereto.

18. An act to amend the Married Women's Property Act, 1882.

19. An act to enable portion of a term of imprisonment in Ireland to be remitted as a reward for good conduct.

20. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

21. An act to make further provision with respect to the Manufacture, Importation, and Sale of Butter and Margarine and similar substances.

22. An act to amend the law relating to Clerks of Petty Sessions in Ireland.

23. An act to establish a Court of Criminal Appeal and to amend the Law relating to Appeals in Criminal Cases.

24. An act to establish Limited Partnerships.

25. An act for amending the Law relating to the Administration of Oaths for the purpose of Proceedings in Prize Courts.

26. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

27. An act to authorise Local Authorities to make Byelaws respecting the Exhibition of Advertisements.

28. An act to amend the Law relating to Patents and Designs.

29. An act to consolidate the enactments relating to Patents for Inventions and the Registration of Designs and certain enactments relating to Trade Marks.

30. An act to amend sections fifty-seven, fifty-eight, and fifty-nine of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, relating to the prevention of infectious diseases.

31. An act to substitute a Statutory Declaration for the Certificate required under section two of the Vaccination Act, 1898, of Conscientious Objection.

32. An act to enable regulations to be made for the prevention of danger arising to public health from the importation, preparation, storage, and distribution of articles of food.

33. An act to amend the Law relating to the capacity of Women to bo elected and act as Members of County or Borough Councils.

34. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

35. An act to amend the Law as to the Council of India.

36. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

37. An act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee the payment of a Loan to be raised by the Colony of the Transvaal.

38. An act to make provision with respect to the Disposal of Mining Rights under section thirteen of the Irish Land Act, 1903, and to amend section fifty-four of that Act.

39. An act to amend the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, with respect to Laundries, and to extend that Act to certain Institutions and to provide for the inspection of certain premises.

40. An act to provide for the early notification of Births.

41. An act to regulate Whale Fisheries in Scotland.

42. An act to provide for the payment to the Fishery Board for Scotland of the penalties or other moneys recovered in respect of illegal sea fishing in Scotland.

43. An act to make provision for the better administration by the Central and Local Authorities in England and Wales of the enactments relating to Education.

44. An act to provide for the Abolition of two Judgeships of the High Court in Ireland, and to reduce the Salary of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

45. An act to render compulsory the carrying of Lights by Vehicles at Night.

46. An act to apply the provisions of the Life Assurance Companies Acts, 1870 to 1872, to companies carrying on the business of insuring Employers against liability to pay compensation or damages to workmen in their Employment.

47. An act to amend the Law relating to marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister.

48. An act to amend the Law relating to the capacity of Women to be elected and act as Members of County or Town Councils in Scotland.

49. An act to amend the Law with respect to Vaccination in Scotland by authorising a statutory declaration of conscientious objection.

50. An act to amend the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1900.

51. An act to regulate and amend the Laws and practice relating to the civil procedure in Sheriff Courts in Scotland, and for other purposes.

52. An act to amend section seventy-eight of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, with respect to the deduction of the space occupied by propelling power in ascertaining the tonnage of a ship.

53. An act to amend the Public Health Acts.

54. An act to amend the Law with respect to Small Holdings and Allotments.

55. An act to amend the law relating to Cabs and Stage Carriages in London.

56. An act to facilitate the provision of Land for certain Evicted Tenants in Ireland and for other purposes connected therewith, and to make provision with respect to the tenure of office by the Estates Commissioners.

