Public Acts passed in 1908, 8 Edward 7 c.1 - c.69.
From Public General Acts, 1908.
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eight and one thousand nine hundred and nine.

2. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

3. An act to amend the Prosecution of Offences Acts, 1879 and 1884.

4. An act to explain section ninety-two of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

5. An act to amend the Law relating to the Superannuation of the Police.

6. An act to make the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to the provision and regulation of Markets applicable in rural districts.

7. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Assessment of Damages under the Fatal Accidents Acts.

8. An act to amend section eleven of the Savings Banks Act, 1904.

9. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

10. An act to repeal the Law which prohibits the Growing of Tobacco in Scotland.

11. An act to amend the Wild Birds Protection Acts, 1880 to 1904.

12. An act to amend the Law with respect to the holding of Land by Companies incorporated in British Possessions.

13. An act to make further provision with respect to the Arrangement of Polling Districts for the Election of County Councillors.

14. An act to amend the Law relating to the Arrangement of Polling Districts in Parliamentary Boroughs.

15. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Payment of Costs in Criminal Cases.

16. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

17. An act to legalise the use of Cran and Quarter Cran Measures in connexion with trading in Fresh Herrings in England and Wales.

18. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

19. An act to make provision with respect to Loans and Sales made for the purpose of the supply of Seed Potatoes and Seed Oats to occupiers and cultivators of land in Ireland.

20. An act to make further provision with respect to the University of Durham.

21. An act to amend the Law relating to the time for an Appeal from the Decision of a Revising Barrister, and matters consequential thereon.

22. An act to amend section one of the Evicted Tenants (Ireland) Act, 1907, with respect to the compulsory acquisition of tenanted land.

23. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

24. An act to amend the Law relating to Drunkenness in Ireland, and for purposes connected therewith.

25. An act to extend the Military Lands Acts to Naval Volunteers.

26. An act to authorise, for the purpose of Marriages in the United Kingdom, the Publication of Banns and the Issue of Certificates on board His Majesty's Ships in certain cases.

27. An act to render Married Women with a separate Estate liable for the support of their Parents.

28. An act to consolidate the Enactments relating to Agricultural Holdings in England and Wales.

29. An act to amend Section Sixty-seven of the Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1836, with respect to Piers, Quays, and other Works, and for other purposes connected therewith.

30. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

31. An act to regulate Whale Fisheries in Ireland.

32. An act to amend the Friendly Societies Act, 1896.

33. An act to amend the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1907, with respect to the Construction and Maintenance of Telegraphic Lines for telephonic and other telegraphic purposes.

34. An act to prevent the spread of Bee Pest or Foul Brood in Ireland.

35. An act to confer upon County Councils in Ireland the power to alter the Polling Districts and alter the method of compiling Lists of Voters.

36. An act to consolidate the enactments with respect to Small Holdings and Allotments in England and Wales.

37. An act to provide for the Appointment of Deputy Coroners in Counties and Boroughs in Ireland.

38. An act to make further provision with respect to University Education in Ireland.

39. An act to make provision with respect to the tenure of office of Masters of Endowed Schools.

40. An act to provide for Old Age Pensions.

41. An act to dispense with the Attendance of Jurors at Assizes and Quarter Sessions and with the Holding of Assizes and Quarter Sessions in certain cases, and to amend the Law relating to the dates at which Quarter Sessions are to be held.

42. An act to prohibit the Manufacture, Sale, and Importation of Matches made with White Phosphorus, and for other purposes in connection therewith.

43. An act to provide for the Admission of Representatives of the Press to the Meetings of certain Local Authorities.

44. An act to regulate the turning out upon Commons of Entire Animals.

45. An act to provide for the punishment of Incest.

46. An act to amend the Criminal Appeal Act, 1907, with reference to the Judges of the Court of Criminal Appeal and the Registrar.

47. An act to amend the Lunacy Acts, 1890 and 1891.

48. An act to consolidate Enactments relating to the Post Office.

49. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

50. An act to extend the powers of the Crofters Commission in regard to the regulation of common grazings.

51. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, and the Court of Appeal in England.

52. An act to amend the Post Office Savings Bank Acts, 1861 to 1908, with respect to deposits by the Public Trustee.

53. An act to amend the Law as regards a Landlord's right of Distress for Rent.

54. An act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the Construction, Extension, and Equipment of Railways in India, by State Agency, or through the Agency of Companies, for the Construction of Irrigation Works; and for other purposes.

55. An act to regulate the sale of certain Poisonous Substances and to amend the Pharmacy Acts.

56. An act to prevent the spread and provide for the treatment of Tuberculosis; and for other purposes connected therewith.

57. An act to amend the Coal Mines Regulation Acts, 1887 to 1905, for the purpose of limiting hours of work below ground.

58. An act to amend the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891.

59. An act to make better provision for the prevention of crime, and for that purpose to provide for the reformation of Young Offenders and the prolonged detention of Habitual Criminals, and for other purposes incidental thereto.

60. An act to amend the Law relating to the Pay and Pensions of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and for other purposes connected therewith.

61. An act to provide further facilities for the erection of Houses for the Working Classes in Cities and Towns in Ireland.

62. An act to amend the Law relating to County Government, and to Roads and Bridges and the use of Locomotives thereon, in Scotland.

63. An act to amend the Laws relating to Education in Scotland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

64. An act to consolidate the Enactments relating to Agricultural Holdings in Scotland.

65. An act to regulate and amend the Law relating to Summary Jurisdiction and Criminal Procedure in Scotland.

66. An act to prevent disturbance of Public Meetings.

67. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Protection of Children and Young Persons, Reformatory and Industrial Schools, and Juvenile Offenders, and otherwise to amend the Law with respect to Children and Young Persons.

68. An act to provide for the improvement and better administration of the Port of London, and for purposes incidental thereto.

69. An act to consolidate the Companies Act, 1862, and the Acts amending it.

