Acts passed in 1909, 9 Edward 7 c.1 - c.69.
From Public General Acts, 1909.
---

1. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and nine.

2. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eight, one thousand nine hundred and nine, and one thousand nine hundred and ten.

3. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

4. An act to amend the Indian Councils Acts, 1861 and 1892, and the Government of India Act, 1833.

5. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and ten, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

6. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

7. An act to provide for the establishment of Labour Exchanges and for other purposes incidental thereto.

8. An act to prohibit the landing and selling in the United Kingdom of fish caught in prohibited areas of the sea adjoining Scotland or Ireland.

9. An act to constitute the Union of South Africa.

10. An act to amend the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1892.

11. An act to amend the Judicature Acts, 1873 to 1894, with respect to the Persons in whom the power of making Rules of Court under those Acts is vested.

12. An act to prohibit Gambling on Loss by Maritime Perils.

13. An act to provide for the recovery by Local Education Authorities of Costs for Medical Treatment of Children attending Public Elementary Schools in England and Wales.

14. An act to enable an Assistant Postmaster-General to sit in the House of Commons.

15. An act to enable a second Secretary to be appointed for the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries.

16. An act to authorise the making of such modifications in the Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906, in its application to French Citizens, as may be necessary to give effect to a Convention between His Majesty and the President of the French Republic.

17. An act to enable the London County Council to establish and maintain an Ambulance Service in London.

18. An act to make better provision respecting Naval Establishments in British Possessions.

19. An act to amend the Colonial Naval Defence Act, 1865.

20. An act to give further powers to the Railway and Canal Commission to determine differences with respect to Telegraphs (including Telephones).

21. An act to protect the interests of Handloom Weavers and for other purposes in connection therewith.

23. An act to remove the Statutory Limitation on the Salary of the President of the Board of Trade.

24. An act to enable the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland to undertake Prosecutions in certain cases under the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887.

25. An act to amend the Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1901.

26. An act to provide for the Payment of Fees to Veterinary Surgeons and Practitioners for Notification of Diseases of Animals.

27. An act to provide for the appointment of women as members of visiting committees for prisons in Scotland.

28. An act to remove doubts as to the manner in which accused persons may be detained in custody, pending trial, under the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908.

29. An act to make provision for the better administration by Central and Local Authorities in England and Wales of the enactments relating to Education.

30. An act to make better provision for securing safety at Cinematograph and other Exhibitions.

31. An act to prevent the spread of Noxious Weeds in Ireland, and to make provision for the testing of Agricultural Seeds.

32. An act to empower Local Authorities in Ireland to strike a Rate for advertising Health Resorts and Watering Places.

33. An act to extend the Wild Animals in Captivity Protection Act, 1900, to Scotland.

34. An act to amend the Acts relating to Electric Lighting.

35. An act to Facilitate the proceedings of any Commissioner who may be appointed to hold an inquiry respecting the conduct of the Police of the City of Liverpool in dealing with disturbances of the peace in that city during the twelve months preceding the passing of this Act.

36. An act to make provision with respect to the application of the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891, to the County of Cork.

37. An act to enable Orders in Council to be made for the purpose of giving effect to any Convention for facilitating the International Circulation of Motor Cars.

38. An act to remove certain limitations on the borrowing by a County Council by way of mortgage under the Local Government Act, 1888.

39. An act to amend the Law as to Oaths.

40. An act to amend the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1899, and to make better provision for the widows and children of constables who lose their lives in the execution of their duty.

41. An act to enable the punishment of Detention to be substituted for the punishment of Imprisonment for Offences against Naval Discipline under the Naval Discipline Act.

42. An act to amend the Law relating to the Occupation and Ownership of Land in Ireland, and for other purposes relating thereto.

43. An act to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and for other purposes connected with Finance.

44. An act to amend the Law relating to the Housing of the Working Classes, to provide for the making of Town Planning schemes, and to make further provision with respect to the appointment and duties of County Medical Officers of Health, and to provide for the establishment of Public Health and Housing Committees of County Councils.

45. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

46. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

47. An act to promote the Economic Development of the United Kingdom and the Improvement of Roads therein.

48. An act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers and Servants employed in Public Asylums for the Insane in Great Britain and Ireland; and to make other relative provisions.

49. An act to consolidate and amend and extend to other Companies carrying on Assurance or Insurance business the Law relating to Life Assurance Companies, and for other purposes connected therewith.

