Acts passed in 1910, 10 Edward 7 & 1 George 5 c.1 - c.38.
From Public General Acts, 1910.
---

1. An act to extend the Powers of the Treasury to borrow under the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1909, and the Appropriation Act, 1909, and to suspend in part the payment of the New Sinking Fund.

2. An act to provide for the Raising of Money for the Redemption of War Stock and War Bonds created under the War Loan Act, 1900, and for other purposes incidental to that redemption.

3. An act to amend the Ancient Monuments Protection Acts, 1882 to 1900, with respect to the gift, devise, or bequest of monuments to the Commissioners of Works.

4. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and nine, one thousand nine hundred and ten, and one thousand nine hundred and eleven.

5. An act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for Public Works purposes.

6. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

7. An act to amend the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909.

8. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), and to make other financial provisions.

9. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eleven.

10. An act to amend the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890.

11. An act for taking the Census for Ireland in the year nineteen hundred and eleven.

12. An act to provide for the appointment of two additional Judges of the High Court.

13. An act to facilitate the grant to members of the Constabulary of one day's rest off duty in every seven.

14. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eleven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

15. An act to make provision with respect to Organisation for the purpose of Rescue and Aid in the case of Accidents in Mines.

16. An act to vest in the Commissioners of Works, freed from ecclesiastical uses, the Chapel comprised in the buildings situate in the metropolitan borough of Chelsea, formerly occupied by the Duke of York's Royal Military School.

17. An act to amend the Juries Act, 1825.

18. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

19. An act to amend the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, with respect to the right of Aldermen to vote in the Election of Aldermen and Mayor.

20. An act to amend the Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 to 1909, in respect of the exportation and shipment of horses.

21. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

22. An act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) Acts, 1861 to 1898.

23. An act to remove doubts as to the validity of the conversion of certain Societies into Companies.

24. An act to consolidate the Law relating to Justices' Licences for the Sale by retail of Intoxicating Liquor and to the Registration of Clubs.

25. An act to amend sections seventeen and eighteen of the Children Act, 1908.

26. An act to provide for the Administration of the Government in case the Crown should descend to any issue of His Majesty while such issue shall be under the age of eighteen years, and for the care and guardianship of such issue.

27. An act for taking the Census for Great Britain in the year nineteen hundred and eleven.

28. An act to make provision for the honour and dignity of the Crown and the Royal Family, and for the payment of certain allowances and pensions.

29. An act to alter the form of the Declaration required to be made by the Sovereign on Accession.

30. An act to amend the provisions of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1908, with respect to way-going valuations.

31. An act to amend the Law of Scotland relating to Jury Trials in Civil Causes.

32. An act to amend the Law respecting the Authentication of Extracts under the Acts relating to the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages in Scotland.

33. An act to remove certain Disabilities and Restrictions attaching to Hotels and Restaurants in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

34. An act to provide compensation to tenants on whom notice to quit is served with a view to the use of the land for the provision of Small Holdings under the Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908.

35. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

36. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

37. An act to enable certain Local Education Authorities to give boys and girls information, advice, and assistance with respect to the choice of employment.

38. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eleven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

