Acts passed in 1911, 1 & 2 George 5 c.1 - c.58.
From Public General Acts, 1911.
---

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and ten, one thousand nine hundred and eleven, and one thousand nine hundred and twelve.

2. An Act to amend the Law relating to Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and for other purposes connected with Finance.

3. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

4. An Act to provide for the protection of the public against dangers arising from the Navigation of Aircraft.

5. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twelve.

6. An Act to consolidate and simplify the Law relating to Perjury and kindred offences.

7. An Act to amend the Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.

8. An Act to remove certain doubts as to the true interpretation of the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1906, in respect of the Payment of Seamen's Allotment Notes.

9. An Act to amend the Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts, 1855 to 1902, as respects the provision of Art Galleries in County Boroughs and for other purposes incidental thereto.

10. An Act to amend the Law relating to the share of Intestate Husband's Estate falling to the Widow in Scotland.

11. An Act to enable Orders to be made under the Diseases of Animals Acts for protecting Live Poultry from unnecessary suffering, and for other purposes connected therewith.

12. An Act to further amend the Public Health Acts relating to Ireland.

13. An Act to make provision with respect to the powers of the House of Lords in relation to those of the House of Commons, and to limit the duration of Parliament.

14. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

15. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and twelve, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

16. An Act to amend the Old Age Pensions Act, 1908.

17. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

18. An Act to amend the Indian High Courts Act, 1861.

19. An Act to amend the Law relating to Labourers in Ireland.

20 An Act to make such amendments in the Law as are necessary to enable certain reserved provisions of the Second Geneva Convention to be carried into effect (Geneva Convention.)

21. An Act to give power to make Regulations with respect to Cotton Cloth Factories.

22. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

23. An Act to appropriate certain lands for the purposes of the National Gallery and the National Portrait Gallery and for other purposes connected therewith, and to make provision with respect to certain Crown lands forming part of or adjacent to St. James's Park.

24. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the payment of Pensions to Governors of any part of His Majesty's Dominions, or any British Protectorate, or persons holding a similar office.

25. An Act to amend the Government of India Act, 1858.

26. An Act to make provision in relation to the transfer to the Postmaster General of the plant, property, and assets, and of the staff of the National Telephone Company, Limited, and for the further improvement of Telephonic Communication.

27. An Act to consolidate, amend, and extend certain enactments relating to Animals and to Knackers; and to make further provision with respect thereto.

28. An Act to re-enact the Official Secrets Act, 1889, with amendments.

29. An Act to amend the Parsonages Act, 1838, and the Church Building Act, 1839.

30. An Act to extend the powers of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

31. An Act to amend Section Sixteen of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887.

32. An Act to make provision for the better administration by the Central and Local Authorities in England and Wales of the Enactments relating to Education.

33. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Harbours of the Isle of Man.

34. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Accounts and Returns of Railway Companies.

35. An Act to enable Women to be elected and act as Members of County and Borough Councils in Ireland.

36. An Act to extend the Pacific Cable Act, 1901.

37. An Act to amend the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881.

38. An Act to amend the Money-lenders Act, 1900.

39. An Act to facilitate the construction and maintenance of Telegraphic Lines.

40. An Act to provide for the appointment of two additional Commissioners in Lunacy and to transfer the power of making Vesting Orders from the Judge in Lunacy to the High Court.

41. An Act to enlarge the remedies of persons having claims for work done in connection with the stowing or discharging of ships' cargoes or the trimming of coal on board ships.

42. An Act to give jurisdiction under section seventy-six and Part VIII. of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, to certain British Courts in foreign countries.

43. An Act to extend the provisions of the Medical Acts to the University of Wales and to Graduates in Medicine and Surgery thereof.

44. An Act to amend the Military Manoeuvres Act, 1897.

45. An Act to amend the Law in Ireland with respect to the use of Locomotives on Public Roads, and with respect to extraordinary Traffic.

46. An Act to amend and consolidate the Law relating to Copyright.

47. An Act to declare the effect of the Naval Discipline Acts when applied by the legislatures of self-governing Dominions to the Naval Forces raised by such Dominions.

48. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

49. An Act to encourage the formation of Small Agricultural Holdings in Scotland, and to amend the Law relating to the Tenure of such Holdings (including Crofters' Holdings); to establish a Board of Agriculture for Scotland; and for other purposes connected therewith.

50. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Coal Mines and certain other mines.

51. An Act to amend the Burgh Police (Scotland) Acts so as to provide for the further Regulation of Places for Public Refreshment in Scotland.

52. An Act to prohibit the sale and use for the purpose of the manufacture of certain articles of unclean Flock manufactured from Rags.

53. An Act to amend the Law as to the Letting and Rating of small Dwelling-houses in Scotland; and for other purposes relating thereto.

54. An Act to amend and extend the Shops Regulation Acts, 1892 to 1904.

55. An Act to provide for Insurance against Loss of Health and for the Prevention and Cure of Sickness and for Insurance against Unemployment, and for purposes incidental thereto.

56. An Act to amend the Telephone Transfer Act, 1911, so as to authorise a payment to be made to the National Telephone Company, Limited, of a sum on account of the Telephone Purchase Money before the amount thereof is finally ascertained.

57. An Act to amend the Law relating to Merchant Shipping with a view to enabling certain Conventions to be carried into effect.

58. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the salaries, superannuation, appointment, and powers of Resident Magistrates for the city of Belfast.

