Public Acts passed in 1914 - 1916, 5 & 6 George 5 c.1 - c.105.
From Public General Acts, 1916.
---

1. An act to make such provisions as are necessary to enable the Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Treaty to come into force.

2. An act to amend section one of the Exportation of Arms Act, 1900.

3. An act to prevent the Acceptance of a Commission in His Majesty's Forces vacating the Seat of a Member of Parliament, or rendering a person holding such a Commission incapable of being elected to, or sitting or voting in, the Commons House of Parliament.

4. An act to make better provision for the execution and maintenance, of Land Drainage Works.

5. An act to amend section sixteen of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907, relating to leave of absence to salaried Sheriffs-substitute.

6. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and fifteen.

7. An act to grant certain additional duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, including Excise, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, including Excise, and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

8. An act to consolidate and amend the Defence of the Realm Acts.

9. An act to postpone the commencement of the Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914.

10. An act to extend, in respect of the present War, the relief from disqualification for office granted by the Members of Local Authorities Relief Act, 1900.

11. An act to make provision with respect to obligations incurred by or on behalf of His Majesty's Government for the purposes of the present war or in connection therewith and for other purposes in relation thereto.

12. An act to amend the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1914, and for purposes connected therewith.

13. An act to facilitate the execution of Trusts during the present War.

14. An act to authorise the modification or repeal of section nine of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1847, as respects certain Poor Law Unions in Ireland.

15. An act to amend section forty-six of the National Health Insurance Act, 1911, as respects the present War.

16. An act to extend the term of service of the Royal Marine Force during the present War.

17. An act to enable the Admiralty to dispense with compliance with the requirements of the Navy and Marines (Wills) Acts, 1865 and 1897, in the case of Seamen and Marines dying during or in consequence of the present War.

18. An act to provide for the grant of Pensions and other Allowances to certain persons if disabled whilst employed abroad in connection with warlike operations, and to their dependants, and to amend the Injuries in War (Compensation) Act, 1914.

19. An act to amend the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914, in its application to Ireland.

20. An act to enable apprentices to Law Agents in Scotland to reckon service in connection with the present war as service under an indenture of apprenticeship for the purposes of the Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873.

21. An act to restrict the transfer of British Ships to Persons not qualified to own British Ships.

22. An act to amend the Universities and College Estates Acts, and to extend the powers of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge and the Colleges therein to make statutes, for purposes connected with the present War.

23. An act to authorise the suspension of sentences of penal servitude and imprisonment passed on soldiers engaged in active service beyond the seas during the present war.

24. An act to provide for the grant of pensions and other allowances to certain persons in respect of disablement due to causes arising out of the operations of the present war, whilst they are employed afloat in connexion with the telegraph and postal services, and to their dependants, and for purposes connected therewith.

25. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

26. An act to amend the Army Act.

27. An act to enable contributions to be made for the purpose of Part II. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, by workmen employed abroad in insured trades on work connected with or arising put of the present War.

28. An act to make further and better provision with regard to the Naval Medical Compassionate Fund.

29. An act to amend Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911.

30. An act to amend the Naval Discipline Act.

31. An act to amend the enactments relating to Customs during the present War.

32. An act to authorise the grant of certain pensions and other allowances in respect of Members of the Royal Irish. Constabulary and Dublin Metropolitan Police who are Reservists or join the Naval or Military Forces and for other purposes incidental thereto.

33. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and fourteen, one thousand nine hundred and fifteen, and one thousand nine hundred and sixteen.

34. An act to amend. the Defence of the Realm Consolidation Act, 1914.

35. An act to provide further facilities for the marriage of officers, seamen, and marines borne on the books of any of His Majesty's ships during the continuance of the present war.

36. An act to facilitate Legal Proceedings against Enemies in certain cases.

37. An act to amend the Defence of the Realm Consolidation Act, 1914.

38. An act to amend the Copyright Act, 1911, with, respect to the delivery of books to the British Museum.

39. An act to enable the Fugitive Offenders Act, 1881, to be extended to Protected States.

40. An act to facilitate Marriages between British Subjects resident in the United Kingdom and British Subjects resident in other parts of His Majesty's Dominions or in British Protectorates.

41. An act to amend the enactments relating to the Police during the present War.

42. An act to extend the Defence of the Realm Consolidation Act, 1914.

43. An act to amend section eighty-three of the Army Act with respect to transfers during the present War.

44. An act to enable certain Statutory Companies to create and issue Preference Shares or Stock, and Debentures or Debenture Stock, so as in each case to be redeemable.

45. An act to amend the British North America Act, 1867.

46. An act to restrict the Supply and Sale of Immature Spirits.

47. An act to amend the Law relating to the appointment of Special Constables in Scotland.

48. An act to make provision for facilitating the improvement, management, and maintenance of small harbours principally used by the fishing industry.

49. An act to facilitate the early provision of dwellings, &c. for, or for the convenience of, persons employed by or on behalf of the Admiralty at Rosyth Dockyard.

50. An act to make temporary provision for rendering unnecessary the Re-election of Members of the House of Commons on Acceptance of Office.

51. An act for establishing, in connection with the present War, a Ministry of Munitions of War, and for purposes incidental thereto.

52. An act to amend the Law relating to the Exportation of Articles during the present War.

53. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen.

54. An act to make provision for furthering the efficient manufacture, transport, and supply of Munitions for the present War, and for purposes incidental thereto.

55. An act to make further provision for raising Money for the present War, and for purposes incidental thereto.

56. An act to enable Trustees to borrow money for the purpose of exercising any Option to convert Securities given under the War Loan Act, 1915, to Holders of that Loan, and to indemnify Trustees for any Loss in respect of any such, borrowing, or any transaction in relation to the Loan, and to authorise the investment of moneys subject to any trust in any Securities created under that Act.

57. An act to amend the Enactments relating to Prize Courts.

58. An act to amend the Army Act.

59. An act to postpone the operation of the Milk and Dairies Act, 1914, and the Milk and Dairies (Scotland) Act, 1914.

60. An act for the compilation of a National Register.

61. An act to consolidate Enactments relating to the government of India.

62. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, including Excise, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, including Excise, and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

63. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

64. An act to extend the Notification of Births Act, 1907, to Areas in which it has not been adopted, and to make further provision in connection therewith for the Care of Mothers and Young Children.

65. An act to make provision for securing the Maintenance of a sufficient Stock of Cattle, Sheep, and Swine, and for purposes connected therewith.

66. An act to consolidate certain Enactments relating to Milk and Dairies.

67. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

68. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

69. An act to confirm Action taken by any Cotton Association for dealing with Emergencies due to the present War.

70. An act to amend and extend the provisions of the Execution of Trusts (War Facilities) Act, 1914.

71. An act to extend the Customs (War Powers) Act, 1915.

72. An act to give temporary power to Government Departments to extend the time limited for the performance of duties or the exercise of powers under special Acts.

73. An act to amend the Naval Discipline Act.

74. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Superannuation Allowances payable to the Metropolitan Police Magistrates, the Dublin Divisional Justices and the Stipendiary Magistrate for Chatham and Sheerness.

75. An act to provide for the limitation of the Price of Coal.

76. An act to postpone Elections of local authorities and other bodies and the preparation of the Parliamentary and Local Government Registers, and for purposes incidental thereto.

77. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

78. An act to extend the powers of the Scottish Universities to make Ordinances for purposes connected with the present War.

79. An act to amend the Trading with the Enemy Acts, 1914.

80. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen.

81. An act to enable a Loan to be raised in conjunction with the French Government in the United States of America.

82. An act to alter certain statutory limits of Postal and Telegraph Rates; and for purposes connected therewith.

83. An act to make better provision as to the pensions, grants and allowances made in respect of the present war to officers and men in the Naval and Military Service of His Majesty and their dependants, and the care of officers and men disabled in consequence of the present war, and for purposes connected therewith.

84. An act to amend the Law with respect to Clubs during the continuance of the present war.

85. An act to suspend the operation of section twenty-seven of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, during the continuance of the present war, and for a period of six months thereafter.

86. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

87. An act to enable Persons during the continuance of the War, and for a period of two years thereafter, to be appointed or admitted to the Indian Civil Service without examination.

88. An act to provide for the Regulation of Street Collections in Burghs in Scotland.

89. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connexion with Finance.

90. An act to amend the Law relating to Indictments in Criminal Cases, and matters incidental or similar thereto.

91. An act to secure the better training of Midwives in Scotland, and to regulate their practice.

92. An act to enable the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council to sit in more than one Division at the same time.

93. An act to make provision in connexion with Loans raised for the purposes of the present War, for the establishment of a Post Office stock register, and as to stock inscribed in that register, and to make certain amendments in connexion with such Loans and generally in connexion with War Finance, in the Law relating to Savings Banks, Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, and otherwise.

94. An act to amend the Law of Evidence.

95. An act to suspend in connexion with the present War the Grants payable under paragraph (2) of section nineteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, and the Education Code (1890) Act, 1890, and to provide for the payment of other Grants in lieu thereof.

96. An act to make provision with respect to Obligations incurred by or on behalf of His Majesty's Government for the purposes of the present War or in connexion therewith.

97. An act to restrict, in connexion with the present War, the Increase of the Rent of Small Dwelling-houses and the Increase of the Rate of Interest on and the Calling in of Securities on such Dwelling-houses.

98. An act to provide for the Extension of the Restrictions relating to Trading with the Enemy to Persons to whom, though not resident or carrying on Business in Enemy Territory, it is by reason of their Enemy Nationality or Enemy Associations expedient to extend such Restrictions.

99. An act to amend the Munitions of War Act, 1915.

100. An act to amend the Parliament Act, 1911, in connexion with the present Parliament, and to suspend further the machinery for the Registration of Electors.

101. An act to provide for placing certain Officers and Men of His Majesty's naval forces under Military Law whilst serving on Shore.

102. An act to amend the Customs (War Powers) Acts, 1915.

103. An act to amend the Army (Suspension of Sentences) Act, 1915.

104. An act to make provision with respect to Military Service in connexion with the present War.

105. An act to amend the Trading with the Enemy Acts.

