Acts passed in 1914, 4 & 5 George 5 c.1 - c.91.
From Public General Acts, 1913.
---

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and fourteen and one thousand nine hundred and fifteen.

2. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

3. An Act to provide for the better Protection of the Grey Seal.

4. An Act to extend the privileges of the graduates of the University of Sheffield.

5. An Act to amend the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Superannuation) Act, 1865, and the Queen Anne's Bounty (Superannuation) Act, 1870.

6. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Collection and Recovery of Moneys due under Affiliation Orders and for other purposes connected therewith.

7. An Act to extend the provisions of section eleven of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908, to the determination of tenancies in connection with the sale of holdings.

8. An Act to facilitate the grant to members of the Constabulary in Scotland of one day's rest off duty in every seven.

9. An Act to amend the Schedule to the Government of the Soudan Loan Act, 1913.

10. An Act to continue the Duty of Customs on Tea. to re-impose Income Tax and Super-Tax, with amendments and modifications, and to amend the Law relating to Death Duties and the National Debt, and for purposes incidental thereto.

11. An Act to authorise His Majesty by Proclamation to suspend temporarily the payment of Bills of Exchange and payments in pursuance of other obligations.

12. An Act to enable His Majesty in time of war or imminent national danger or great emergency by Order in Council to impose Restrictions on Aliens and make such provisions as appear necessary or expedient for carrying such restrictions into effect.

13. An Act to amend the Law relating to Procedure in Prize Courts.

14. An Act to authorise the issue of Currency Notes, and to make provision with respect to the Note Issue of Banks.

15. An Act to amend the Diseases of Animals Act, 1910, in respect of the Exportation of Horses.

16. An Act to amend section sixty-four of the Trade Marks Act, 1905.

17. An Act to consolidate and amend the Enactments relating to British Nationality and the Status of Aliens.

18. An Act to amend section ninety-one of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

19. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

20. An Act to amend the Education (Provision of Meals) Act, 1906.

21. An Act to extend the Qualification for Membership of County and Borough Councils.

22. An Act to amend the Coal Mines Act, 1911.

23. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

24. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and fifteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

25. An Act to remove electoral disabilities which may arise in the case of members of the Reserve and Territorial Forces and in the case of Volunteers by reason of absence on the Naval or Military service of the Crown.

26. An Act to enable Food, Forage, and Stores for His Majesty's Forces to be requisitioned in cases of Emergency.

27. An Act to extend the powers of the Board of Trade during the continuance of the present hostilities to make Rules under the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, and the Trade Marks Act, 1905.

28. An Act to enable the London County Council to acquire certain lands and execute certain improvements in the City of Westminster, and for other purposes in connection therewith.

29. An Act to confer on His Majesty in Council power to make Regulations during the present War for the Defence of the Realm.

30. An Act to provide for the grant of pensions and other allowances to certain persons if injured whilst employed in connexion with warlike operations, and to their dependants, and for purposes connected therewith.

31. An Act to make provision with respect to the Housing of Persons employed by or on behalf of Government Departments where sufficient dwelling accommodation is not available.

32. An Act to amend the Law relating to Labourers in Ireland.

33. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

34. An Act to authorise the grant out of Police Funds of certain Allowances and Gratuities in respect of Police Reservists who are called out upon Permanent Service.

35. An Act to enable Local Authorities in Ireland to provide Meals for School Children.

36. An Act to authorise the Extension of the Classes of Persons for whose benefit part of Osborne House is to be used and for other purposes connected therewith.

37. An Act to provide Money for the purpose of the Acquisition of Share or Loan Capital of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, Limited.

38. An Act to authorise certain Loans to the Protectorates of British East Africa, Nyasaland, and Uganda.

39. An Act to extend the Qualification for Membership of County, Town, and Parish Councils in Scotland.

40. An Act to amend Subsection (5) of Section seventy-one of the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894.

41. An Act to amend the Law relating to Intermediate Education in Ireland and for other purposes connected therewith.

42. An Act to amend the Law relating to Examinations for Certificates of Competency.

43. An Act to amend the Law of Entail in Scotland.

44. An Act to extend the Metropolitan Police Act, 1860, to Scotland.

45. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Education of Defective and Epileptic Children in England and Wales.

46. An Act to ensure the Purity of Milk Supplies and to regulate Dairies in Scotland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

47. An Act to consolidate the Law relating to Deeds of Arrangement.

48. An Act to provide for the redemption and extinction of Casualties incident to Feus in Scotland.

49. An Act to make better provision with respect to the Sale of Milk and the Regulation of Dairies.

50. An Act to make such amendments of the Law relating to Merchant Shipping as are necessary or expedient to give effect to an International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea, signed in London on January the twentieth, nineteen hundred and fourteen, and for purposes incidental thereto.

51. An Act to enable the Board of Trade during the present War to take possession, of Foodstuffs unreasonably withheld.

52. An Act to give the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries in Agricultural Districts and the Local Government Board elsewhere powers with respect to Housing, and to make similar provision for Scotland.

53. An Act to amend and extend the Law relating to the Appointment of Special Constables in Scotland.

54. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Pay and Pensions of the Royal Irish Constabulary and Dublin Metropolitan Police and for other purposes in relation to those Forces.

55. An Act to provide for the improvement of the Navigation of Rivers in Ireland.

56. An Act to authorise the extension of the Area for the benefit of which Charities in a Town may be applied, and the variation of the purposes for which dole Charities may be applied in certain cases.

57. An Act to amend Part II. of the National Insurance Act, 1911.

58. An Act to diminish the number of cases committed to prison, to amend the Law with respect to the treatment and punishment of young offenders, and otherwise improve the Administration of Criminal Justice.

59. An Act to consolidate the Law relating to Bankruptcy.

60. An Act to provide for raising Money for the present War.

61. An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to make Regulations with respect to Special Constables appointed during the present War.

62. An Act to enable His Majesty, by Order in Council, to extend to the Isle of Man Acts passed in connection with the present War.

63. An Act to amend the Defence of the Realm Act, 1914.

64. An Act to extend and amend section eight of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1879.

65. An Act to give Powers in connection with the present War to obtain information as to Stocks of Articles of Commerce, and for enabling Possession to be taken of any such Articles unreasonably withheld.

66. An Act to enable Certificated Teachers to reckon Service in connection with the present War as recorded Service for the purpose of the Acts relating to Elementary School Teachers' Superannuation.

67. An Act to authorise an amendment of the Superannuation Scheme for Teachers in Scotland for the purpose of enabling service in connection with the present War to be reckoned as recorded service under the Scheme.

68. An Act to remove doubts as to the interpretation of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1908, in regard to the provision of meals for school children.

69. An Act to amend the provisions of the Acts relating to the Police in Scotland during the continuance of the present War with respect to age at date of appointment to a police force.

70. An Act to extend to the Naval Forces the provisions of the Army Act relating to the Billeting and Impressment of Carriages, &c. in cases of emergency.

71. An Act to extend the Housing (No. 2) Act, 1914, to Ireland.

72. An Act to amend the Currency and Bank Notes Act, 1914.

73. An Act to amend the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks (Temporary Rules) Act, 1914.

74. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Adjustment of Financial Relations between Local Government Areas in Scotland on the alteration of the Boundaries thereof.

75. An Act to authorise the regulation and restriction of the slaughter of animals used for food.

76. An Act to extend and vary as respects the present War the relief from Death Duties given under section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1900.

77. An Act to enable orders to be made in connection with the present War for restricting the sale or consumption of intoxicating liquor.

78. An Act to give, in connexion with the present War, further powers to Courts in relation to the remedies for the recovery of money, and in relation to other similar matters.

79. An Act to provide for the exercise of Prize Jurisdiction by certain British Courts in Egypt, Zanzibar, and Cyprus, in respect of the present War.

80. An Act to amend the Police Reservists (Allowances) Act, 1914, and to extend the provisions of that Act and certain other enactments relating to police reservists to certain constables not being reservists.

81. An Act to amend section forty-six of the National Insurance Act, 1911, as respects certain officers, warrant officers, and soldiers.

82. An Act to make provision in connection with the present war with respect to Bills of Exchange payable outside the British Islands.

83. An Act to enable the Army Council to fix the mode of payment of Military Pensions.

84. An Act to make provision with respect to Constables of the Royal Irish Constabulary and Dublin Metropolitan Police who are Reservists or join the Naval or Military Forces.

85. An Act to extend the time within which proceedings may be taken for the recovery of Rates.

86. An Act to amend the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1909.

87. An Act to make provision with respect to penalties for Trading with the Enemy, and other purposes connected therewith.

88. An Act to suspend the operation of the Government of Ireland Act, 1914, and the Welsh Church Act, 1914.

89. An Act to prevent the Disposal or Pledging of Certificates, Naval Uniforms, or other property, and for purposes connected therewith.

90. An Act to amend the provision for the Government of Ireland.

91. An Act to terminate the establishment of the Church of England in Wales and Monmouthshire, and to make provision in respect of the Temporalities thereof, and for other purposes in connection with the matters aforesaid.

