Acts passed in 1916, 6 & 7 George 5 c.1 - c.71.
From Public General Acts, 1916.
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.

2. An act to amend the Law as to the Jurisdiction of Prize Courts in the case of proceedings against persons in His Majesty's Naval service or in the employment of the Admiralty, and as to the transfer of Proceedings in Prize.

3. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.

4. An act to provide for the payment of a grant in aid of the funds at the disposal of the Statutory Committee constituted under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, and for payments by local authorities in aid of the expenses of local and district committees under that Act.

5. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

6. An act to facilitate the Insurance against War Risks of Property subject to Trusts.

7. An act to amend the Law relating to the registration of irregular marriages in Scotland, and to amend during the continuance of the present War the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878, so far as applying to persons serving in the Naval and Military forces of the Crown.

8. An act to provide for transferring the Management of the Imperial Institute from the Board of Trade to the Colonial Office, and for other purposes connected therewith.

9. An act to validate certain King's Regulations made under the Pacific Order in Council, 1893.

10. An act to amend the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Act, 1914.

11. An act to impose Duties in respect of admission to Entertainments, Matches, Table Waters and other Beverages, and Cider; and for purposes connected therewith.

12. An act to make provision with respect to Officers and Servants of Local Authorities serving in or with His Majesty's Forces and to make various administrative provisions with a view to economy in money and labour in connection with the present War.

13. An act to amend the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914, in relation to officers and men of His Majesty's Forces.

14. An act to provide for the Time in Great Britain and Ireland being in advance of Greenwich and Dublin mean time respectively in the summer months.

15. An act to make further provision with respect to Military Service during the present War.

16. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March One thousand nine hundred and seventeen.

17. An act to amend the Naval Discipline Act with respect to the powers and duties of the Commander-in-Chief of the Grand Fleet during the present War.

18. An act to give to courts in connection with the present war further powers of granting relief.

19. An act to amend the British North America Act, 1867.

20. An act to extend the provisions of the National Insurance Act, 1911, relating to unemployment insurance to certain trades and employments in connection with the present war.

21. An act to amend the Marriage of British Subjects (Facilities) Act, 1915.

22. An act to make temporary provision rendering unnecessary the re-election of Members of the House of Commons on acceptance of certain Offices.

23. An act to extend further the term of service of the Royal Marine Force during the present War.

24. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connexion with Finance.

25. An act to authorise as respects gas undertakings the substitution of a standard of calorific power for a standard of illuminating power.

26. An act to put temporary restrictions on the Output of Beer.

27. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

28. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

29. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

30. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.

31. An act to amend the Enactments relating to the Police and certain other Enactments with the administration of which the Secretary of State for the Home Department is concerned.

32. An act to make provision with respect to Copyright in works first published or made in an enemy country during the present War.

33. An act to amend subsection five of section seventy of the Army Act.

34. An act to constitute Special Commissions to inquire into the origin, inception, and conduct of Operations of War in the Dardanelles and Gallipoli, and into the origin, inception, and conduct of Operations of War in Mesopotamia.

35. An act to alter the Limitation on the Ages of Children in respect of whom a Fee Grant is payable.

36. An act to amend section fifty-eight of the Finance-Act, 1916, with respect to the issue of certain Exchequer Bonds.

37. An act to amend certain enactments relating to the government of India, and to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Orders in Council made for India.

38. An act to provide for the acquisition and management of land by the State for experimental Small Holding Colonies, and to extend the powers of acquisition and management of land by certain Government Departments under the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909, and for other purposes connected therewith.

39. An act to amend the Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Treaty Act, 1914.

40. An act to amend the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1915, with respect to the construction and maintenance of telegraphic lines.

41. An act to authorise the recovery of salvage in respect of services rendered by certain ships belonging to His Majesty.

42. An act to amend and extend the British Ships (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1915.

43. An act to provide for the Registration of Charities for purposes connected with the present War.

44. An act to amend the Parliament and Registration Act, 1916; and to extend the Elections ana Registration Act, 1915, with respect to elections of local authorities and other bodies, and the revision of jurors' lists in Ireland.

45. An act to assimilate the Time adopted for use in Ireland to that adopted for use in Great Britain.

46. An act to amend the Law and the Procedure of Civil Courts in Ireland, in relation to conditions arising out of the recent disturbances in that country.

47. An act to facilitate the Investment of Savings in Securities issued for the purposes of the present War by means of the establishment of Municipal Savings Banks.

48. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and fifteen and one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.

49. An act to amend the Form of Warrant of Execution on Extracts of Decrees of the Court of Session, and to provide for the means of making and the authentication of such Extracts.

50. An act to consolidate and simplify the Law relating to Larceny triable on Indictment and Eindred Offences.

51. An act to prohibit the use of the word Anzac in connection with any trade, business, calling, or profession.

52. An act to amend the law relating to Trading with the Enemy and the export of prohibited goods.

53. An act to provide for the exception from Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, of persons who are temporarily employed in Agriculture in connection with the present War.

54. An act to amend the Law relating to Friendly Societies for purposes connected with the present War.

55. An act to make provision with respect to the calculation of the amounts payable and transferable in respect of pauper lunatics under section twenty-four of the Local Government Act, 1888.

56. An act to make temporary provision for rendering unnecessary the Re-election of Members of the House of Commons on Acceptance of Office.

57. An act to amend the Output of Beer (Restriction) Act, 1910.

58. An act to provide for the Registration of Firms and Persons carrying on Business under Business Names and for purposes connected therewith.

59. An act to amend the Law relating to the Pay and Pensions of the Royal Irish Constabulary and Dublin Metropolitan Police and for other purposes relating thereto.

60. An act to authorise the acceptance and administration by certain Government Departments and Local Authorities of Gifts for the settlement or employment on land of men who have served in His Majesty's Forces.

61. An act to obtain contributions from persons in the event of their liability for damage or loss from Explosions of, or other accidents in connection with, Munitions being assumed by His Majesty's Government.

62. An act to give effect to agreements on the part of Members of Volunteer Corps to attend Drills or undergo training or perform military duty.

63. An act to make provision with respect to the possession and acquisition of land occupied or used for the Defence of the Realm in connection with the present War and for other purposes connected therewith.

64. An act to amend the Law relating to the Prevention of Corruption.

65. An act for establishing a Ministry of Pensions and for purposes connected therewith.

66. An act to amend the Law as to the erection of buildings and the making and improvement of streets in connection with the reconstruction of areas, streets, and buildings recently damaged or destroyed in Dublin, and for other purposes incidental thereto.

67. An act to make further provision for raising Money for the present War, and for purposes incidental thereto.

68. An act for establishing certain new Ministries and for the appointment of additional Secretaries or Under Secretaries in certain Government Departments; and for purposes incidental thereto.

69. An act to make further provision with respect to the borrowing powers of councils of counties and of municipal boroughs, and of other public authorities and bodies.

70. An act to make provision with respect to Obligations incurred by or on behalf of His Majesty's Government for the purposes of the present War or in connection therewith.

71. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

