Acts passed in 1917, 7 & 8 George 5 c.1 - c.67.
From Public General Acts, 1917.
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen and one thousand nine hundred and eighteen.

2. An act to amend the Census of Production Act, 1906, with respect to the times at which a Census of Production may be taken.

3. An act to relieve railway companies whose railroads are under the control of His Majesty from keeping separate accounts in respect of railway passenger duty, and from making separate payments in respect thereof.

4. An act to provide for the Suspension of Grand Juries in connection with the present War.

5. An act to enable Ecclesiastical Services in certain cases to be omitted on account of the War.

6. An act for establishing a Ministry of National Service, and for purposes incidental thereto.

7. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen and one thousand nine hundred and eighteen.

8. An act to extend section four of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908, to Mines other than Coal Mines.

9. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

10. An act to amend the Schedule to the Army (Annual) Act, 1916.

11. An act to amend the Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) Act, 1916, with respect to the Officers to whom powers under that Act may be delegated.

12. An act to enable the exception from Military Service of Men excepted on the ground of previous rejection, or the previous relinquishment of, or discharge from, Naval or Military Service, or unsuitability for Foreign Service, to be reviewed.

13. An act to amend and extend the Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1916.

14. An act to make provision with respect to the administrative expenses of the Statutory Committee and of Local and District Committees under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915; and for certain other purposes connected with Pensions and Allowances.

15. An act to amend the enactments relating to National Health Insurance with respect to persons suffering from disablement in consequence of the present War.

16. An act to enable Meetings of Approved Societies, Friendly Societies, and Trade Unions to be dispensed with during the present War, and for purposes connected therewith.

17. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen.

18. An act to prohibit the alteration, except with the consent of the Board of Trade, of Articles of Association or Regulations which restrict Foreign Interests in Companies, and for other purposes connected therewith.

19. An act to reduce, in connection with the present War, the Number of Jurors at Coroners' Inquests.

20. An act to make provision for the Billeting of Persons engaged on Work of National Importance for the purposes of the present War.

21. An act to prevent the treatment of Venereal Disease otherwise than by duly qualified Medical Practitioners, and to control the supply of remedies therefor; and for other matters connected therewith.

22. An act to extend during the present War the term of service of members of the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve.

23. An act to prohibit the use in shops and other places in Scotland of certain Machines or Mechanical Contrivances by the operation of which prizes or stakes in money or kind are won or lost by people resorting to such places.

24. An act to amend the Trade Union Act Amendment Act, 1876, with respect to the amalgamation of Trade Unions.

25. An act to amend the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1914 to 1916, and the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (War Restrictions) Act, 1915, and to grant relief in connexion with the present war from liabilities and disqualifications arising out of certain contracts.

26. An act to enable His Majesty in Council to carry into effect conventions which may be made with Allied and other States as to the mutual liability of His Majesty's subjects and subjects of the Allied and other States to military service.

27. An act to provide facilities for expeding confirmation in Scotland to estates of persons serving in Naval or Military Service during the present War.

28. An act to provide for the disclosure of certain particulars respecting the Directors of Companies.

29. An act to modify, during the continuance of the present War, and for a certain period thereafter, certain provisions contained in a Deed of Declaration or Deed Poll of the Reverend John Wesley, dated the twenty-eighth day of February, seventeen hundred and eighty-four.

30. An act to enable Local Authorities in Ireland to provide allotments and otherwise promote the cultivation of land, and for other purposes incidental thereto.

31. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

32. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

33. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen.

34. An act to amend Section 74a of the Naval Discipline Act.

35. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

36. An act to amend section one of the Police Reservists (Allowances) Act, 1914, as extended by subsequent enactments.

37. An act to provide for the dissolution of the Statutory Committee established under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, and for the transfer of their powers, duties, and functions to the Minister of Pensions, and for purposes connected therewith.

38. An act to continue certain Expiring Laws.

39. An act to revive and continue temporarily the power of making Orders under the Fishery Harbours Act, 1915.

40. An act to amend section one hundred and forty-eight of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, as respects the Prevention and Treatment of Disease in Ireland.

41. An act to make further provision for raising Money for the present War, and for purposes incidental thereto.

42. An act to provide for an addition during the present war and a period of six months thereafter to the amount of the compensation payable under the Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906, in cases of total incapacity.

43. An act to amend, in connection with the present war, the Law relating to the Qualifying Examinations for Solicitors.

44. An act to provide for the establishment of a Ministry ofReconstruction, and to make provision as to the right of certain Ministers to sit in Parliament.

45. An act to extend and amend the Munitions of War Acts, 1915 and 1916.

46. An act for encouraging the production of Corn, and for purposes connected therewith (including provision as to Agricultural Wages and Rents).

47. An act to deprive Enemy Peers and Princes of British Dignities and Titles.

48. An act to amend the Bills of Exchange Act, 1882, with respect to the time for noting Bills.

49. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and one thousand nine hundred and eighteen.

50. An act to make further provision for the prolongation of the present Parliament, and the postponement of Local Elections.

51. An act to make provision for the establishment, administration, and discipline of an Air Force, the establishment of an Air Council, and for purposes connected therewith.

52. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

53. An act to amend the Education (Provision of Meals) (Ireland) Acts, 1914 and 1916.

54. An act to provide for the inclusion on committees constituted under the Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. Act, 1915, of disabled men discharged from the Naval and Military Services of His Majesty and of women in receipt of Pensions.

55. An act to confirm and give effect to a deed of settlement relating to the Chequers Estate and other property and for purposes connected therewith.

56. An act to confirm and give effect to a certain Agreement relating to the Compensation to he paid in respect of the Control of Coal Mines and other Matters arising out of such Control.

57. An act to provide for the foundation of Bishoprics of Bradford and Coventry and for matters incidental thereto.

58. An act to amend the Law with respect to Testamentary Dispositions by Soldiers and Sailors.

59. An act to secure the better training of Midwifes in Ireland, and to regulate their practice.

60. An act to extend and amend the National Registration Act, 1915.

61. An act to amend the Metropolitan Police Act, 1912.

62. An act to amend the Acts relating to National Health Insurance.

63. An act to amend the National Insurance (Part II.) (Munition Workers) Act, 1916, and to amend the National Insurance (Unemployment) Acts, 1911 to 1916, with respect to the proportion to be borne by the amount of unemployment benefit to the number of contributions paid.

64. An act to amend the Law with respect to Parliamentary and Local Government Franchises, and the Registration of Parliamentary and Local Government Electors, and the conduct of elections, and to provide for the Redistribution of Seats at Parliamentary Elections, and for other purposes connected therewith.

65. An act to provide for the Redistribution of Seats at Parliamentary Elections in Ireland and for purposes connected therewith.

66. An act to repeal subsection (3) of section three of the Military Service Act, 1916, and to provide for the cancellation of certificates of exemption from military service granted bn occupational grounds.

67. An act to restrict temporarily the persons who may engage in business connected with certain non-ferrous metals and metallic ores.

