Acts passed in 1918, 8 & 9 George 5 c.1 - c.61.
From Public General Acts, 1918.
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen and one thousand nine hundred and nineteen.

2. An act to extend the hours within which Marriages may be lawfully solemnized in Ireland.

3. An act to make provision for the joint appointment by the Board of Trade and the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs of a Secretary of the Overseas Trade Department.

4. An act to amend the Trustee Savings Banks Acts, 1863 to 1904, with respect to Special Investments and the Separate Surplus Fund.

5. An act to make further provision with respect to Military Service during the present war.

6. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

7. An act to restrict the meaning of the expression landlord in subsection (3) of section 1 of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (War Restrictions) Act, 1915.

8. An act to amend the Workmen's Compensation Act, 1906, with respect to persons suffering injury while working under an illegal contract.

9. An act to provide for the forfeiture to His Majesty of double the amount received from the sale of goods at prices in excess of those allowed by the Food Controller.

10. An act to alter the statutory limits of Postal Rates.

11. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and nineteen.

12. An act to give full effect to two Orders, relating to Beans, Peas, and Pulse, made by the Food Controller under the Defence of the Realm Regulations.

13. An act to regulate the use of Stallions for Stud purposes.

14. An act to provide for the payment of compensation in the case of workmen who suffer death or disablement or are suspended from employment owing to the disease known as fibroid phthisis or silicosis of the lungs.

15. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

16. An act to modify the requirements of the Solicitors Acts, 1839 to 1917, with respect to Articled Clerks who have served in His Majesty's forces or in other public service, or have been Prisoners of War or interned in connection with the present war.

17. An act to amend the Land Drainage Act, 1861, and to make further provision for (he drainage of agricultural land.

18. An act to amend sections eleven and thirty-four of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and section ten of the Fines Act (Ireland), 1851.

19. An act to amend the Law with respect to the qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants.

20. An act to suspend the operation of section fifteen of the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1813.

21. An act to continue certain Expiring Laws.

22. An act to make further provision for the prolongation of the present Parliament, and the postponement of Local Elections.

23. An act to limit the right to a jury in certain civil cases, to raise the age for jury service, to amend the Law with, respect to the preparation and publication of jury lists, and to enable coroners' inquests in certain cases to be held without a jury.

24. An act to enable Companies and other bodies to give Financial Assistance to Flax Companies.

25. An act to make further provisions for raising Money for the present War, and to amend the War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act, 1915.

26. An act to authorise an increase in the Amount of Land which may be acquired for the purposes of the Small Holding Colonies Act, 1916, and otherwise to amend that Act.

27. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

28. An act to make provision with respect to Obligations incurred by or on behalf of His Majesty's Government for the purpose of the present War or in connection therewith.

29. An act to make further provision for the health of Mothers and Young Children.

30. An act to amend the Law relating to Naval Prize of War.

31. An act to amend the enactments relating to Trading with the Enemy, and to extend temporarily certain of those enactments to the carrying on of banking business after the termination of the present War.

32. An act to amend the Trade Boards Act, 1909.

33. An act to make further provision for the application of the Asylum Officers Superannuation Act, 1909, to officers in certified institutions for defectives, and to provide for the aggregation of service in asylums and in such institutions.

34. An act to enable the statutory provisions affecting the charges which may be made in respect of certain undertakings to be temporarily modified.

35. An act to extend the borrowing powers of District Councils under the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1917.

36. An act to amend subsection (3) of section eleven of the Corn Production Act, 1917.

37. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and nineteen.

38. An act to amend the British Nationality and Status of Aliens Act, 1914.

39. An act to make further provision with respect to Education in England and Wales and for purposes connected therewith.

40. An act to consolidate the Enactments relating to Income Tax.

41. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

42. An act to amend the Acts relating to Loans to Incumbents of Benefices by Queen Anne's Bounty.

43. An act to amend the Midwives Act, 1902.

44. An act to constitute a Special Commission to inquire into certain complaints as to the Treatment of Prisoners in Belfast Prison.

45. An act to extend the purposes for which the Gas Contingent Guarantee Rate under the Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) Act, 1876, may be levied.

46. An act to make provision with respect to the Rate of Brokerage or Commission Fees of Licensed Stockbrokers in Ireland on dealings in Government Stocks or Securities.

47. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Capacity of Women to sit in Parliament.

48. An act to make further provision with respect to Education in Scotland and for purposes connected therewith.

49. An act to increase the weekly sum which under the Bastardy Laws Amendment Act, 1872, may be ordered to be paid by the putative father of a bastard child.

50. An act to extend the maximum period which may be allowed to elapse at elections during the present war, and a period of twelve months thereafter, between the close of the poll and the counting of the votes, and to exclude from the operation of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, Orders in Council made under the Representation of the People Act, 1918.

51. An act to make further provision with respect to pensions payable to police constables and their widows.

52. An act to make provision with respect to the searching and boring for and getting Petroleum, and for purposes connected therewith.

53. An act to amend the Law relating to the Pay and Pensions of the Royal Irish Constabulary and Dublin Metropolitan Police and for other purposes in connection with those Forces.

54. An act to amend the Tithe Acts, 1836 to 1891.

55. An act to make provision with respect to the grant of Superannuation Allowances to Teachers, and of Gratuities to their legal personal representatives, and to amend the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1898 to 1912.

56. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, and one thousand nine hundred and nineteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

57. An act to make provision for the better administration of the enactments relating to Naval, Military, and Air Force War Pensions, Grants, and Allowances, and for certain other purposes connected with such pensions, grants, and allowances.

58. An act to authorise the taking possession of premises required in connection with schemes of demobilisation, for Employment Exchanges and other purposes of the Ministry of Labour.

59. An act to make provision for determining the date of the termination of the present war, and for purposes connected therewith.

60. An act to amend the Ministry of Munitions Act, 1915.

61. An act for prescribing Minimum Rates of Wages during a limited period and for repealing certain provisions of the Munitions of War Acts.

