Acts passed in 1919, 9 & 10 George 5 c.1 - c.102.
From Public General Acts, 1919.
---

1. An Act to constitute a Commission to inquire into the position of and conditions prevailing in the Coal Industry.

2. An Act to make provison for restricting the necessity of the re-election of Members of the House of Commons on acceptance of office, and to make provision as to the right of certain Ministers to sit in the House of Commons.

3. An Act to make temporary provision for the regulation of Air Navigation and for purposes connected therewith.

4. An Act to prescribe the fees that may be charged for service of justices' summonses and county court processes in Ireland.

5. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and nineteen and one thousand nine hundred and twenty.

6. An Act to authorise the issue of certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the Civil Contingencies Fund; and to make further provision in connexion therewith.

7. An Act to extend, amend and prolong the duration of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest, (War Restrictions) Act, 1915, and the enactments amending that Act.

8. An Act to amend the Representation of the People Act, 1918, with respect to the mode of payment of the charges of returning officers.

9. An Act to amend and regulate procedure under the Intestate Husband's Estate (Scotland) Act, 1911.

10. An Act to repeal the Parliamentary Elections (Soldiers) Act, 1847.

11. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

12. An Act to facilitate the Administration of War Charities in Scotland.

13. An Act to amend section five of the Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884, and section nine of the Elections (Scotland) (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1890, as to expenses of candidates at local elections.

14. An Act to amend the enactments relative to compensation for Criminal Injuries in Ireland.

15. An Act to make provision for the maintenance of such forces of the Crown as may be required to meet exigencies arising before the thirtieth day of April nineteen hundred and twenty, and with respect to the conditions of service of such forces, and for purposes connected therewith.

16. An Act to make provision for the medical treatment of children attending Elementary Schools in Ireland, and for other matters incidental thereto.

17. An Act to make further provision for superannuation and other allowances to Teachers in Scotland, and gratuities to their personal representatives, and for other purposes in connection therewith.

18. An Act to extend the operation of the Wages (Temporary Regulation) Act, 1918, for a further period of six months.

19. An Act to amend further the Law relating to Local Government in Ireland and for other purposes connected therewith.

20. An Act to establish a Scottish Board of Health to exercise powers with respect to Health and Local Government in Scotland, and for purposes connected therewith.

21. An Act to establish a Ministry of Health to exercise in England and Wales powers with respect to Health and Local Government, and confer upon the Chief Secretary certain powers with respect to Health in Ireland, and for purposes connected therewith.

22. An Act to enable arrangements to be made as to employers' liability to pay compensation in respect of men disabled by service in His Majesty's Forces during the present War with a view to facilitating their employment.

23. An Act to control the importation of goods infected or likely to be infected with Anthrax, and to provide for the disinfection of any such goods.

24. An Act to make further provision for the reckoning of service in connection with the present war as service under an indenture of apprenticeship for the purposes of the Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873.

25. An Act to modify the requirements of the enactments relating to public notaries with respect to articled clerks who have served in His Majesty's Forces or in other public service or have been prisoners of war or interned in connection with the present war.

26. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Bonds given by persons to whom administration is given.

27. An Act to extend the provisions of section one of the Solicitors (Articled Clerks) Act, 1918.

28. An Act to enable the competent courts in the United Kingdom to entertain matrimonial proceedings in respect of certain marriages contracted during the war by members of His Majesty's Forces domiciled outside the United Kingdom.

29. An Act to amend the Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 to 1904, in relation to instruments for measuring leather by superficial area.

30. An Act to enable the Official Solicitor for the time being to exercise powers and perform duties conferred or imposed on the person holding the' office of Official Solicitor.

31. An Act to provide for the information to occupiers of the amount of the rates payable for the houses which they occupy.

32. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, including Excise, to alter .other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, including Excise, and the National Debt, and to make further provisions in connection with Finance.

33. An Act for carrying into effect the Treaty of Peace between His Majesty and certain other Powers.

84. An Act for approving a Treaty between His Majesty and the President of the French Republic.

35. An Act to amend the enactments relating to the Housing of the Working Classes, Town Planning, and the acquisition of small dwellings.

36. An Act to alter the rate of remuneration for the purposes of exception from insurance under the National Insurance (Health) Acts, 1911 to 1918, and for purposes in connection therewith.

37. An Act to make further provision for raising Money for the present War, and for purposes in connexion therewith; to authorise the extension in certain cases of War Savings Certificates, and to make further provision in relation to Government Securities.

38. An Act to make further provision with respect to Wireless Telegraphy on Ships.

39. An Act to continue certain Expiring Laws.

40. An Act to enable the rules as to the Civil Employment of Retired Officers to be revoked or modified in so far as they provide for deductions from civil pay.

41. An Act to enable Governing Bodies of Schools and Educational Institutions to comply with the conditions prescribed in the Regulations of the Board of Education for the receipt of grants out of moneys provided by Parliament.

42. An Act to make provision with respect to the restoration after the present war of certain trade practices, and to amend the law relating to munitions tribunals.

43. An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee the Payment of Interest on a Loan to be raised by the Government of the Soudan.

44. An Act to make provision with respect to Obligations incurred by or on behalf of His Majesty's Government for the purpose of the present War or in connection therewith.

45. An Act to amend the enactment relating to the Housing of the Working Classes and the acquisition of Small Dwellings in Ireland.

46. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Police in Great Britain.

47. An Act. to provide for the establishment of a Court of Appeal for certain of His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies.

48. An Act to amend the Coal Mines Acts, 1887 to 1914, with respect to the Hours of Employment below Ground.

49. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on Iho thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eighteen and one thousand nine hundred and twenty.

50. An Act to establish a Ministry of Transport and for purposes connected therewith.

51. An Act to provide for checking The Weight or Measurement of Materials produced, handled, or gotten by Workmen paid by Weight or Measure in certain Industries.

52. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Lqoal Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

53. An Act to make further provision for the Administration of the enactments relating to Naval, Military, and Air Force War Pensions, Grants, and Allowances, and for certain other purposes connected with such pensions, grants, and allowances.

54. An Act to make further provision for the Protection of Animals from Cruelty.

55. An Act to amend the definition of Agricultural Labourer for the purposes of the Labourers (Ireland) Acts.

56. An Act to amend the Law lelating to Solicitors.

57. An Act to amend the law as to the Assessment of Compensation in respect of Land acquired compulsorily for public purposes and the costs in proceedings thereon.

58. An Act for establishing a Forestry Commission for the United Kingdom, and promoting afforestation and the production and supply of timber therein, and for purposes in connexion therewith.

59. An Act to make further provision for the acquisition of land for the purposes of small holdings, reclamation, and drainage, to amend the enactments relating to small holdings and allotments, and otherwise to facilitate land settlement.

60. An Act to amend the enactments relating to Housing, Town Planning, and the acquisition of Small Dwellings in Scotland.

61. An Act to amend the Law of Intestate Moveable Succession in Scotland.

62. An Act to make provision with respect to the British Mercantile Marine Uniform.

63. An Act to amend the law as to Notices to Quit given to Tenants by Owners of Agricultural Land prior to the sale of such land.

64. An Act to extend, amend, and prolong the duration of section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1917.

65. An Act to continue in office the Welsh Commissioners appointed under the Welsh Church Act, 1914, to postpone the date of disestablishment, and to make further provision with respect to the temporalities of, and marriages in, the Church in Wales.

66. An Act to check Profiteering.

67. An Act to amend the Superannuation Acts in their application to officers employed in Prisons and Criminal Lunatic Asylums.

68. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Royal Irish Constabulary and Dublin Metropolitan Police.

69. An Act to provide for the establishment of an Industrial Court and Courts of Inquiry in connection with Trade Disputes, and to make othor provision for the settlement of such disputes, and to continue for a limited period certain of the provisions of the Wages (Temporary Regulation) Act, 1918.

70. An Act to make further provision with respect to the Retirement and Pensions of County Court Judges, and the employment of deputy Judges, and for purposes in connection therewith.

71. An Act to amend the Law with respect to disqualifications on account of sex.

72. An Act to make further provision for the Destruction of Rats and Mice.

73. An Act to amend the Law relating to County Courts and to make further provision with respect to the powers of those Courts.

74. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

75. An Act to enable Local Authorities to acquire existing Ferries by Agreement.

76. An Act to confer powers on the National Assembly of the Church of England constituted in accordance with the constitution attached as an Appendix to the Addresses presented to His Majesty by the Convocations of Canterbury and York on the tenth day of May nineteen hundred and nineteen, and for other purposes connected therewith.

77. An Act to increase the rate of unemployment benefit payable under the National Insurance (Unemployment) Acts, 1911 to 1918, and to make certain consequential amendments in those Acts.

78. An Act to confirm certain terms in an agreement between His Majesty's Government and the Irish Railway Companies.

79. An Act to amend the Trade Marks Act, 1905.

80. An Act to amend the Patents and Designs Acts.

81. An Act to amend the Dogs Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1865.

82. An Act to facilitate the provision of land in Ireland for men who have served in the Naval, Military, or Air Forces of the Crown in the present war, and for other purposes incidental thereto.

83. An Act to amend the workmen's Compensation (War Addition) Act, 1917.

84. An Act to amend section four of the County and Borough Police Act, 1859.

85. An Act to remove the limit imposed by section forty-seven of the Mental Deficiency Act, 1913, and by section thirty-seven of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913, on the contributions which Stay be made by the Treasury under those sections, and to extend the powers of district boards of control in Scotland to borrow money.

86. An Act to amend the Anglo-Persian Oil Company (Acquisition of Capital) Act, 1914.

87. An Act to extend the duration of the Profiteering Act, 1919.

88. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twenty, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

89. An Act to make provision with regard to wills deposited under section twenty-one of the Regimental Debts Act, 1893, with the Commissary Clerk of the County of Edinburgh, and required for the purpose of confirmation as executor or of completing a title to heritable estate in Scotland.

90. An Act to amend the increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (War Restrictions) Act, 1915, and the enactments amending that Act, in relation to orders for possession and ejectment.

91. An Act to provide for the constitution of a Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries and of Councils and Committees in connection with agriculture, and to amend the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries Acts, 1889 to 1009.

92. An Act to continue and extend the provisions of the Aliens Restriction Act, 1914.

93. An Act to amend the Public Libraries Acts, 1892 to 1901, and to repeal so much of the Museums and Gymnasiums Act, 1891, as authorises the provision of Museums in England and Wales.

94. An Act to provide for the Registration of Nurses for the Sick.

95. An Act to provide for the Registration in Scotland of Nurses for the Sick.

96. An Act to provide for the Registration of Nurses in Ireland.

97. An Act to make further provision for the acquisition of land for the purposes of Small Holdings, Reclamation, and Drainage, and other purposes relating to Agriculture in Scotland, to amend the Small Landholders (Scotland) Act, 1911, and the enactments relating to Allotments, and otherwise to facilitate land settlement in Scotland.

98. An Act relating to the Union of Benefices.

99. An Act to make further provision for the better housing of the people, to authorise the acquisition of land for the development of garden cities or for the purposes of town-planning schemes, and to make further provision with respect to the borrowing powers of public authorities and bodies and with respect to the securities issued by them.

100. An Act to amend the law with respect to the supply of electricity.

101. An Act to make further provision with respect to the Government of India.

102. An Act to amend the Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908 and 1911, and the Debtors Act, 1869.

