Acts passed in 1920, 10 & 11 George 5 c.1 - c.82.
From Public General Acts, 1920.
---

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twenty and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one.

2. An Act to amend section six hundred and fifty-nine of the Merchant Shipping Act.

3. An Act to amend the Law in respect of the Standard Fineness of Silver Coins current in the United Kingdom and in other parts of His Majesty's Dominions.

4. An Act to make temporary provision on account of the emergency arising from the war as to the profits and control of, wages in, and advances in respect of, colliery undertakings, and for purposes connected therewith.

5. An Act to continue temporarily certain emergency enactments and regulations, and to make provision with respect to the expiration or revocation of emergency enactments and instruments made thereunder.

6. An Act to carry into effect Treaties of Peace between His Majesty and certain other Powers.

7. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army and Air Force, and to repeal certain provisions in section twelve of the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917.

8. An Act to further amend the Law as to the Letting and Rating of small Dwelling-Houses in Scotland.

9. An Act to provide for the variation of the provisions regulating the raising of Capital by Companies carrying on certain statutory undertakings.

10. An Act to amend the Acts relating to National Health Insurance.

11. An Act to make temporary provision for restricting the granting of orders for recovery of possession of, or the ejection of tenants from, certain dwelling-houses in Scotland.

12. An Act to amend the Enactments relating to Savings Banks; to extend to National Savings Certificates the enactments relating to War Savings Certificates; and to amend the Law with respect to the transfer of Government stock by Savings Bank authorities.

13. An Act to amend and extend the duration of the Profiteering Acts, 1919.

14. An Act to make further provision for the temporary modification of the charges which may be made in respect of and the obligations affecting Tramway Undertakings.

15. An Act to remove doubts as to the interpretation of sub-section (4) of section five of the Representation of the People Act, 1918.

16. An Act to make provision for the management of the Imperial War Museum, and for other purposes connected therewith.

17. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law with respect to the increase of rent and recovery of possession of premises in certain cases, and the increase of the rate of interest on, and the calling in of securities on such premises, and for purposes in connection therewith.

18. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connexion with Finance.

19. An Act to authorise an increase in the amount of certain payments by County Councils to the County Councils Association.

20. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the practice of Veterinary Surgery and Medicine.

21. An Act to make provision for the temporary modification of the charges which may be made in respect of Ports, Harbour, Dock, and Pier Undertakings.

22. An Act to reduce temporarily the rates payable in respect of Ecclesiastical Tithe Rentcharge.

28. An Act to amend the War Pensions Acts, 1915 to 1919, and the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916.

24. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Place of Payment of Notes issued by Banks of Issue in Ireland.

25. An Act to amend section eight of the Public Libraries (Ireland) Act, 1855, and for other purposes incidental thereto.

26. An Act to amend the Law relating to the offices of Sheriff and Under-Sheriff in Ireland; and for other purposes incidental thereto.

27. An Act to confirm an Agreement made between His Majesty's Government in London, His Majesty's Government of the Commonwealth of Australia, and His Majesty's Government of the Dominion of New Zealand, in relation to the Island of Nauru.

28. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the supply of Gas.

29. An Act to authorise the granting of Credits and the undertaking of Insurances for the purpose of re-establishing Overseas Trade.

30. An Act to amend the Law in respect of Insurance against Unemployment.

31. An Act to make provision for the Restoration and Maintenance of Order in Ireland.

32. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and nineteen and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

33. An Act to facilitate the enforcement in England and Ireland of Maintenance Orders made in other parts of His Majesty's Dominions and Protectorates and vice versa.

34. An Act to amend the Law relating to the payment of Duplicands of Feu-duties in Scotland.

35. An Act to make further provision with respect to the fine for the counting of Votes at Parliamentary Elections, and to amend the Law with respect to the right of voting by proxy; and for purposes connected therewith.

36. An Act to authorise the Increase of certain Pensions.

37. An Act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1916, and to amend section four of the Telegraph (Money) Act, 1876.

38. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Salaries and Allowances of Resident Magistrates in Ireland.

39. An Act to provide for the extension to Scotland of Part IV. of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

40. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the statutory limits on Postal and Telegraph Rates, and with respect to the remuneration to be paid to railway companies for the conveyance of Postal Parcels, and otherwise to amend the Post Office Acts, 1908 to 1915.

41. An Act to make provision for the taking from time to time of a Census for Great Britain or any area therein and for otherwise obtaining Statistical Information with respect to the Population of Great Britain.

42. An Act for taking the Census for Ireland in the year nineteen hundred and twenty-one.

43. An Act to amend the Law relating to Firearms and other Weapons and Ammunition, and to amend the Unlawful Drilling Act, 1819.

44. An Act to control temporarily the Exportation of certain Fertilisers.

45. An Act to amend the Public Libraries Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1887.

46. An Act to regulate the Importation, Exportation, Manufacture, Sale and Use of Opium and other Dangerous Drugs.

47. An Act to continue temporarily the office of Food Controller and to make further provision with respect to his powers, and for purposes in connexion therewith.

48. An Act to restrict the taking of legal proceedings in respect of certain acts and matters done during the war, and provide in certain cases remedies in substitution therefor, and to validate certain proclamations, orders, licences, ordinances, and other laws issued, made, and passed, and sentences, judgments, and orders of certain courts given and made during the war.

49. An Act to promote the Welfare of Blind Persons.

50. An Act to provide for the better administration of mines, and to regulate the coal industry, and for other purposes connected with the mining industry and the persons employed therein.

51. An Act to make provision with respect to the administration of the estates of the Duchy of Lancaster, and with respect to the solicitor for the affairs of the said Duchy.

52. An Act to prevent the writing, printing, publishing, or circulating in the United Kingdom of Advertisements, Circulars, or Coupons of any Ready Money Football Betting Business.

53. An Act to provide for the qualification of and manner of enrolling Women as Jurors in Scotland.

54. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Sale and Use of Seeds for sowing and of Seed Potatoes, and to provide for the testing thereof.

55. An Act to make exceptional provision for the Protection of the Community in cases of Emergency.

66. An Act to authorise the Enfranchisement of the Sites of Places of Worship held under Lease.

57. An Act to make better provision for the employment of unemployed persons by facilitating the acquisition of, and entry on, land required for works of public utility, and for purposes connected therewith.

58. An Act to continue temporarily and give effect to certain orders relating to the early closing of shops and for purposes connected therewith.

59. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one, and to appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

60. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

61. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

62. An Act to make provision for the better protection of Women and Young Persons against Lead Poisoning.

63. An Act to provide for the inclusion in Orders made under the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895, of a provision for the Maintenance of the Children of the marriage under sixteen.

64. An Act to amend the Law regarding the Property of Married Women in Scotland.

65. An Act to carry out certain Conventions relating to the employment of Women, Young Persons, and Children, and to amend the Law with respect to the employment of Women and Young Persons in Factories and Workshops.

66. An Act to amend the enactments relative to Compensation for Criminal Injuries in Ireland.

67. An Act to provide for the better Government of Ireland. Government of Ireland.)

68. An Act to amend section one hundred and eleven of the Children's Act with respect to the constitution of Juvenile Courts in the Metropolitan Police Court District.

69. An Act to amend the Law relating to the appointment of a Registrar-General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland.

70. An Act to control the exportation of gold and silver coin and bullion, and to prohibit the melting or improper use of gold and silver coin.

71. An Act to amend the Law relating to Housing in Scotland, and for purposes in connexion therewith.

72. An Act to make provision for the collection and application of the excise duties on mechanically-propelled vehicles and on carriages; to amend the Finance Act, 1920, as respects such duties; and to amend the Motor Car Acts, 1896 and 1903, and the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909; and to make other provision with respect to roads and vehicles used on roads, and for purposes connected therewith.

78. An Act to continue certain Expiring Laws.

74. An Act to enable the Board of Trade to guarantee part of the expenses of a British Empire Exhibition.

75. An Act to amend the Official Secrets Act, 1911.

76. An Act to amend the Corn Production Act, 1917, and the Enactments relating to Agricultural Holdings.

77. An Act to regulate the importation of dyestuffs.

78. An Act to make provision for removing certain difficulties with respect to the summoning of Juries in certain cities, boroughs and towns in England, and for removing doubts as to the validity of certain verdicts.

79. An Act to amend tke Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916, and to continue certain byelaws.

80. An Act to enable effect to be given to a Convention for regulating Air Navigation, and to make further provision for the control and regulation of aviation.

81. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the administration of justice and with respect to the constitution of the Supreme Court, to facilitate the reciprocal enforcement of judgments and awards in the United Kingdom and other parts of His Majesty's Dominions or Territories under His Majesty's protection, and to regulate Hie fees chargeable by, and on the registration of, Commissioners for Oaths.

82. An Act to amend section forty-four of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

