Acts passed in 1921, 11 & 12 George 5 c.1 - c.67.
From Public General Acts, 1921.
---

1. An Act to provide for an increase of the rates and period of benefit under the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920, and to vary the conditions for the receipt of such benefit, and to amend the said Act with respect to the rates and crediting of contributions thereunder, and otherwise.

2. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one.

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twenty, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one, and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-two.

4. An Act to amend the Children Act, 1908, in respect of the Expenses of Reformatory and Industrial Schools.

5. An Act to provide for the application of part of the purchase price of imported German goods towards the discharge of the obligations of Germany under the Treaty of Versailles.

6. An Act to curtail the duration of and amend the Coal Mines (Emergency) Act, 1920, and for purposes connected therewith.

7. An Act to make provision with respect to the taking of evidence before and the procedure and powers of certain Tribunals of Inquiry.

8. An Act to make provision for the cessation of the Ministry of Munitions and the Ministry of Shipping.

9. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army and Air Force.

10. An Act to settle and secure an Annuity upon the Right Honourable James William Lowther in consideration of his eminent Services.

11. An Act to carry into effect a Treaty of Peace between His Majesty and certain other Powers.

12. An Act to make further provision with respect to arrangements by local authorities for the treatment of tuberculosis.

13. An Act to prohibit the use of Captive Birds in all Shooting carried on under artificial conditions.

14. An Act to amend the Protection of Animals Act, 1911.

15. An Act to vary the rates of contribution and the rates and periods of benefit under the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 and 1921, and otherwise to amend those Acts.

16. An Act to prohibit the importation of Plumage.

17. An Act to explain proviso (4) to section twelve of the Agriculture Act, 1920, and the First Schedule to that Act so far as that Schedule amends subsection (1) of section one of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908, and the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1908, and to remove doubt as to the procedure in arbitrations as to rent under section ten of the Agriculture Act, 1920.

18. An Act to make provision with respect to the validity of certain decrees granted in India for the dissolution of the marriage of persons domiciled in the United Kingdom.

19. An Act to amend tho law relating to the Housing of the People, and for purposes in connection therewith.

20. An Act to provide for the apportionment of annuities created by the redemption of tithe rentcharge.

21. An Act to amend the Dentists Act, 1878, and the provisions of the Medical Act, 1886, amending that Act.

22. An Act to amend the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912.

23. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment and Tenure of Office of Medical Officers of Health, Sanitary Inspectors, and Inspectors of Nuisances, and for other purposes.

24. An Act to amend the Law relating to marriage with a deceased brother's widow.

25. An Act to amend the financial provisions of the National Health Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1920, and to provide for increasing the amounts payable to insurance committees on account of their administration expenses, and for reducing the number of members of insurance committees.

26. An Act to extend the Overseas Trade (Credits and Insurance) Act, 1920, to the giving of guarantees in connection with export transactions, and otherwise to amend section one of that Act.

27. An Act to empower Local Authorities to advertise Health Resorts and Watering Places.

28. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1920.

29. An Act to declare the lawfulness of certain Articles declaratory of the Constitution of the Church of Scotland in matters spiritual prepared with the authority of the General Assembly of the Church.

30. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Remuneration of Coroners.

31. An Act to consolidate and amend the law respecting the Retirement, Pensions, Allowances, and Gratuities of Members of Police Forces in Great Britain, and their Widows, Children, and Dependants.

32. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

33. An Act to make further provision for the extension of the time for the construction of houses in Scotland for the purpose of obtaining grants under section one of the Housing (Additional Powers) Act, 1919, and to limit the aggregate amount of such grants in respect of houses in Scotland.

34. An Act to amend the Representation of the People Acts, 1918 to 1920, with respect to interruptions of residence during the qualifying period.

35. An Act to provide for the greater uniformity in the Weights and Measures used in the Sale of Corn and other Crops, to amend the Corn Returns Act, 1882, and for purposes connected therewith.

36. An Act to renew section two of the Juries (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1920.

37. An Act to provide for the application of new designations to the territorial force and the special reserve, and to repeal enactments relating to the militia and yeomanry; and for purposes in connection therewith.

38. An Act to increase the maximum licence duties for fishing for salmon and freshwater fish.

39. An Act to make further provision with respect to Admiralty Pensions, and with respect to Pensions, Grants, or Allowances payable under the Injuries in War (Compensation) Acts, and the Government War Obligations Acts.

40. An Act. to amend the law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

41. An Act to amend the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1872.

42. An Act to amend the law relating to the sale and supply of intoxicating liquor, and for purposes in connection therewith.

43. An Act to amend section fourteen of the Land Settlement (Facilities) Act, 1919, and sections twenty-six and twenty-nine of the Land Settlement (Scotland) Act, 1919, by extending the periods of time therein respectively mentioned, and to raise the limit on the aggregate amount which may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund under the said section twenty-six for the purpose of advances to the Board of Agriculture for Scotland.

44. An Act to make provision for the modification of the charges which may be made in respect of water undertakings.

45. An Act to authorise capital moneys belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster to be applied, up to an amount not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds, as revenues of the Duchy. Duchy of Lancaster (Application of Capital Moneys).)

46. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twenty-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

47. An Act to impose duties of customs on certain goods with a view to the safeguarding of certain special industries and the safeguarding of employment in industries in the United Kingdom against the effects of the depreciation of foreign currencies, and the disposal of imported goods at prices below the cost of production, and for purposes connected therewith.

48. An Act to repeal the Corn Production Acts, 1917 and 1920, to make provision as to payments under those Acts in respect of the crops of the current year, to provide funds for agricultural development, to promote the formation of joint conciliation committees for the industry of agriculture, and to make certain consequential amendments in section twelve, and to repeal subsection (1) of section fifteen of the Agriculture Act, 1920.

49. An Act to amend the War Pensions Acts, 1915 to 1920, and to provide for certain other matters connected with the administration of pensions, grants, and allowances.

50. An Act to make provision for the examination and putting in evidence in trials on indictment in Scotland of witnesses and productions not included in lists lodged, and for the remission for sentence to the High Court of Justiciary of persons pleading or found guilty on indictment in the Sheriff Court.

51. An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to Education and certain enactments relating to the Employment of Children and Young Persons.

52. An Act to amend the Exchequer and Audit Departments Acts, 1866 and 1889.

53. An Act to continue certain Expiring laws.

54. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

55. An Act to provide for the reorganisation and further regulation of Railways and the discharge of liabilities arising in connection with the possession of Railways, and otherwise to amend the Law relating to Railways, and to extend the duration of the Rates Advisory Committee.

56. An Act to make further provision with respect to the appointment, conditions of service and pensions of certain Officers of the Supreme Court in England, and to authorise the abolition of certain offices therein, and for purposes connected therewith.

57. An Act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1920.

58. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Trusts in Scotland.

59. An Act to provide for the payment of a lump sum in satisfaction of claims of Irish Railway Companies under an agreement with the Government, and otherwise for the distribution of such sum amongst the several companies and for the continuance of a clause in the said agreement.

60. An Act to extend the hours during which Sweets, Chocolates, or other Sugar Confectionery, or Ice Cream, may be sold to the Public.

61. An Act to modify temporarily the provisions of section three of the Forestry Act, 1919.

62. An Act to make temporary provision for the payment of grants to unemployed workers towards the maintenance of their wives, dependent husbands, and dependent children, and to suspend the operation of section twenty-seven of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

63. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-two, and to appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

64. An Act to authorise during a limited period the provision of Poor Relief to Destitute Able-bodied Persons out of Employment in Scotland, to extend the borrowing powers of Parish Councils, and for other purposes in connection therewith.

65. An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee the payment of loans to be applied towards the carrying out of capital undertakings, or in the purchase of articles manufactured in the United Kingdom required for the purposes of any such undertakings, and to amend the Overseas Trade (Credits and Insurance) Act, 1920, and the Overseas Trade (Credits and Insurance) Amendment Act, 1921.

66. An Act to extend temporarily the period during which persons who are unemployed may remain insured under the general provisions of the National Health Insurance Acts, 1911 to 1921.

67. An Act to make further provision with respect to the Metropolitan Common Poor Fund and with respect to rating and to the finance of certain Local and Public Authorities.

