Acts passed in 1922, 12 & 13 George 5 c.1 - c.60.
5th session of 31st Parliament of the U.K.
From Public General Acts, 1922.
source file: https://archive.org/details/dli.granth.91503
---

1. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twenty-two.

2. An Act to continue temporarily the Coroners (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1917, and section seven of the Juries Act, 1918.

3. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-two, and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-three.

4. An Act to give the force of Law to certain Articles of Agreement for a Treaty between Great Britain and Ireland, and to enable effect to be given thereto, and for other purposes incidental thereto or consequential thereon.

5. An Act to increase the charges made by Pawnbrokers.

6. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army and Air Force.

7. An Act to amalgamate the rates of contribution and the rates of benefit under the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 and 1921, and the Unemployed Workers' Dependants (Temporary Provision) Act, 1921, otherwise to amend the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 and 1921, and to repeal the Unemployed Workers’ Dependants (Temporary Provision) Act, 1921, and for purposes connected therewith.

8. An Act to remove temporarily the limit on the moneys provided by Parliament for the purposes of the Diseases of Animals Acts.

9. An Act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the service of the Government of India and for other purposes relating thereto.

10. An Act to make provision with respect to the validity of Decrees granted in the Kenya Colony and Protectorate for the dissolution of the marriage of persons domiciled in the United Kingdom.

11. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the preparation of Jurors Books, and otherwise to amend the Law relating to Jurors and Juries, in England and Wales.

12. An Act to alter certain dates prescribed by the Representation of the People Act, 1918, in connection with the registration of electors, and to amend section fifty-four of the Local Government Act, 1888.

13. An Act to make better provision for furthering British settlement in His Majesty’s Oversea Dominions.

14. An Act to make provision with respect to the period for which certain accounts subject to audit by district auditors are to be made up and audited, and to authorise the holding of extraordinary audits of any such accounts.

15. An Act to amend the Government of the Soudan Loan Act, 1919.

16. An Act to assimilate and amend the Law of Real and Personal Estate, to abolish copyhold and other special tenures, to amend the law relating to commonable lands and of intestacy and to amend the Wills Act, 1837, the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890, the Conveyancing Acts, 1881 to 1911, the Trustee Act, 1893, and the Land Transfer Acts, 1875 and 1897.

17. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

18. An Act to provide that a woman who wilfully causes the death of her newly-born child may, under certain conditions, be convicted of infanticide.

19. An Act to repeal section two of the Gaming Act. 1835.

20. An Act to make further provision with respect to the qualifications of Judges of High Courts in British India.

21. An Act for enabling effect to be given to two Treaties signed at Washington on behalf of His Majesty and certain other Powers.

22. An Act to provide for the time in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man being in advance of Greenwich mean time during a certain period of the year.

23. An Act to amend and extend the duration of the Harbours, Docks, and Piers (Temporary Increase of Charges) Act, 1920.

24. An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee payment of the principal of and the interest on loans to be raised by the Government of Northern Ireland.

25. An Act to remove doubts as to the powers of the Board of Trade under the British Empire Exhibition (Guarantee) Act, 1920.

26. An Act to provide money for the payment of calls on share capital in the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, Limited, acquired under the Anglo-Persian Oil Company (Acquisition of Capital) Amendment Act, 1919, and to amend the Law with respect to the application of dividends or interest on capital held in the said Company.

27. An Act for the continuance of Charging Powers in respect of Canal or Inland Navigation Undertakings of which possession was retained or taken by the Minister of Transport under the Ministry of Transport Act, 1919.

28. An Act to amend the enactments relating to the provision of regulations for the making and sale of bread, and for preventing the adulteration of meal, flour, and bread.

29. An Act to provide for the better protection of the public in relation to the sale of tea.

30. An Act to amend section four of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1922, so far as relates to the third special period mentioned in that Act.

31. An Act to extend the powers of the Courts of the Universities of Scotland in the making of Ordinances for the superannuation and pensioning of Principals and Professors, and for the admission of Lecturers and Readers to the Senatus Academicus, and to provide for the admission of Lecturers and Readers to membership of the General Councils of those Universities.

32. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twenty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

33. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

34. An Act to make further provision with respect to the cancelling or suspending of licences under the Whale Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1907.

35. An Act to make better provision for the prevention of fire in premises where raw celluloid or cinematograph film is stored or used.

36. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

37. An Act to amend the Naval Discipline Act.

38. An Act to make further provision with respect to the cost of medical benefit and to the expenses of the administration of benefits under the Acts relating to National Health Insurance, to repeal section two and to amend section twenty-nine of the National Health Insurance Act, 1918, and for purposes connected therewith.

39. An Act to make provision against the discharge or escape of oil into navigable waters.

40. An Act to confirm an agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London and the President of the Air Council in relation to the acquisition of certain lands in the county of Surrey, and for purposes in connection therewith.

41. An Act to amend section thirty-four of the Representation of the People Act, 1918, as respects offences under that section committed by bodies of persons.

42. An Act to provide for the payment of contributions by teachers towards the cost of benefits under the School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1918, and for matters incidental thereto, and to make provision as to the calculation of average salary for the purposes of the said Act.

43. An Act to confirm an agreement made between the Pneumatic Despatch Company, Limited, and the Postmaster-General for the acquisition by the Postmaster-General of a certain tube running between St. Martin’s-le-Grand in the City of London and Eversholt Street, in the Metropolitan Borough of St. Pancras, and for purposes connected therewith.

44. An Act to amend the British Nationality and Status of Aliens Acts, 1914 and 1918, as respects the acquisition of British nationality by persons born out of His Majesty’s Dominions.

45. An Act to provide for raising further Money for the purpose of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1921.

46. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the supply of electricity.

47. An Act to amend the Law as respects certain matters in connection with which the consent of the Railway and Canal Commission is required.

48. An Act to provide for the payment of contributions towards the costs of benefits under the scheme framed and approved in terms of the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1919, and for matters incidental thereto, and for the payment from the Consolidated Fund of deferred annuities in respect of contributions under the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898.

49. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Remuneration of Railway Companies for the Conveyance of Parcels.

50. An Act to deal with certain Expiring Laws by making some of them permanent, repealing others, and continuing the remainder for a limited period.

51. An Act to amend the Law relating to Allotments.

52. An Act to amend the Law relating to Allotments in Scotland.

53. An Act to make provision with respect to the disposal of sums received in respect of the carrying on and liquidation of the Expeditionary Force Canteens and the Navy and Army Canteen Board.

54. An Act to postpone for a further period the operation of the Milk and Dairies (Consolidation) Act, 1915, and the Milk and Dairies (Scotland) Act, 1914, to make further provision with regard to the sale of milk and for purposes connected therewith.

55. An Act to make provision for the disbandment of the Royal Irish Constabulary and with respect to magistrates appointed under the Acts relating to that Force, and for the validation of things done or omitted in the execution or purported execution of those Acts, and for other purposes incidental thereto.

56. An Act to amend the law with respect to offences against persons under the age of sixteen, and with respect to penalties under section thirteen of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, and to repeal section five of the Punishment of Incest Act, 1908.

57. An Act to make further provision with respect to the qualifications of persons proposing to become or to practise as Solicitors.

58. An Act to amend the Ecclesiastical Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Act, 1920, in respect of the relief or abatement to an owner of tithe rentcharge who holds more than one benefice.

59. An Act to provide for the Superannuation of Persons employed by Local Authorities and other Public Bodies.

60. An Act to amend the Law relating to Chancery Lunatics.

