Acts passed in 1923, 13 & 14 George 5 c.1 - c.42.
2nd session of 32nd Parliament of the U.K.
From Public General Acts, 1923.
source file: https://archive.org/details/dli.granth.91504
---

13 & 14 GEORGE 5. — A.D. 1923.

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twenty-three, and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-four.

2. An Act to amend the provisions of the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1922, relating to special periods, the period of benefit and the conditions for the receipt of benefit, to provide for continuing the existing rates of benefit and for making consequential alterations in the rates of contributions, and to enable benefit to be administered in the case of persons under the age of eighteen years through local education authorities, and otherwise to amend those Acts.

3. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army and Air Force.

4. An Act to provide for the increase of certain fees and the imposition of certain new fees in respect of various services, and for purposes connected therewith.

5. An Act to amend the Dangerous Drugs Act, 1920, and section seventeen of the Pharmacy Act, 1868, and to prescribe the method of calculating percentages in liquid preparations for the purpose of the Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908, and the Dangerous Drugs Act, 1920.

6. An Act to extend the duration of and amend certain provisions of the Local Authorities (Financial Provisions) Act, 1921, and the Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1921.

7. An Act to continue the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920, and any enactment amending that Act, until the thirty-first day of July nineteen hundred and twenty-three.

8. An Act to consolidate and amend the law relating to Industrial Assurance, and to make provision with respect to war bond policies and policies to which the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914, applies, and bond investment business.

9. An Act to consolidate certain Enactments relating to Agricultural Holdings in England and Wales.

10. An Act to consolidate the Enactments relating to Agricultural Holdings in Scotland.

11. An Act to make perpetual, subject to an amendment, the Special Constables Act, 1914; to provide for the employment of special constables in connection with Naval, Military and Air Force yards and stations; and to remove certain limitations on the appointment of special constables in Scotland.

12. An Act to prohibit the institution and prosecution of legal proceedings in respect of action taken under the Restoration of Order in Ireland Regulations, and to make provision as to claims for compensation by persons affected.

13. An Act to amend the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920, with respect to the effect of notices to increase rent given thereunder; and for purposes consequential thereon.

14. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other Duties, to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

15. An Act to provide for the transfer of certain property, rights, duties and liabilities in or in connection with the Island of Alderney.

16. An Act to consolidate and amend the enactments relating to Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries in England and Wales.

17. An Act to amend the Explosives Act, 1875. (Explosives).

18. An Act to enable local authorities under certain circumstances to maintain, repair and protect war memorials vested in them.

19. An Act to amend the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1857.

20. An Act to make provisions for facilitating the working of minerals and for imposing restrictions on the working of minerals required for the support of railways, buildings, and works.

21. An Act to provide for the transfer of certain properties to the Forestry Commissioners and to amend the Forestry Act, 1919, and for purposes in connection therewith.

22. An Act to provide for the collection of a contribution by cotton spinners in Great Britain to the funds of the Empire Cotton Growing Corporation; and for other matters relating to the Cotton Industry.

23. An Act to amend the Bastardy Laws, and to make further and better provision with regard to children of unmarried parents; and for other purposes connected therewith.

24. An Act to amend the enactments relating to the Housing of the Working Classes (including the amendment and revocation of building byelaws), Town Planning and the Acquisition of Small Dwellings.

25. An Act to amend the Agricultural Holdings Acts.

26. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

27. An Act to amend the Railway Fires Act, 1905.

28. An Act to amend the law relating to the sale of intoxicating liquor to persons between fourteen and eighteen years of age.

29. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

30. An Act to extend temporarily the powers of the Minister of Transport with respect to the authorisation of railway works.

31. An Act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in Great Britain for the Service of the Government of India.

32. An Act to amend and prolong the duration of the Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920, and any enactment amending that Act and to make provision as to the rent and recovery of possession of premises in certain cases after the expiry of that Act, and for purposes in connection therewith.

33. An Act to make further provision with respect to the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge and the Colleges therein.

34. An Act to facilitate the advance of money and the grant of credit for certain agricultural purposes, and to amend the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, and for purposes connected therewith.

35. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twenty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

36. An Act to amend the Dentists Act, 1921.

37. An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

38. An Act to amend the law relating to the education of children who are receiving education in an area other than that to which they belong.

39. An Act to amend the law relating to the relief from rates to be given in respect of agricultural land in England and agricultural land and heritages in Scotland, and for purposes in connection therewith.

40. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1921, with respect to the expenses of the medical attendance of masters and seamen suffering from Venereal Disease.

41. An Act to amend the law relating to the election of town councillors in Scotland, and to make provision with regard to the powers of returning officers at elections of parish councillors in Glasgow.

42. An Act to amend the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1906, and the Acts amending that Act, and to amend the law with respect to employers’ liability insurance, the notification of accidents, first aid, and ambulance.

