THE STATUTES:

REVISED EDITION.

VOL. 1.

HENRY III. TO JAMES II.

A.D. 1235-6 - 1685.

By Authority.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY GEORGE EDWARD EYRE AND WILLIAM SPOTTTSWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY.

1870.

CONTENTS.

Page

LETTER OF THE LORD CHANCELLOR v

INTRODUCTION vii

Extract from the Introduction to the Statutes of the Realm xl

Appendix C. to the same Introduction xxi

Appendix D. to the same Introduction xxvii

Extracts from Prefaces to various Volumes of the Statutes of the Realm xxxi

TABLE OF VARIANCES BETWEEN THE STATUTES OF THE REALM AND RUFFHEAD'S EDITION for the period comprised in this volume xxxiii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE for the same period xxxix

THE STATUTES (REVISED) 1

LETTER OF THE LORD CHANCELLOR TO SIR JOHN G. SHAW LEFEVRE.

House of Lords, 9 July 1868.

Sir,

I have had under consideration the subject of a Revised Edition of the Statutes, a work the expediency of which has been three times affirmed by Parliament, in the preambles of the Statute Law Revision Acts.

That series of Acts, embodying the results of labours begun under the direction of Lord Campbell, as Lord Chancellor, and Lord Westbury (then Sir Richard Bethell), as Attorney-General, and continued under that of succeeding Lord Chancellors and Generals, has removed many difficulties that would have obstructed the application to the Statute Rook of the process of expurgation.

I have, therefore, with the concurrence of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, determined that an edition of the Statutes shall now be prepared and published, containing, as far as may be, only such Acts as are in force.

I propose to nominate a Committee to make the necessary arrangements, and to superintend the, execution of the work, reporting to me from time to time.

The connexion of your official duties with the forms of legislation, and the attention you have given to subjects relating to the improvement of the condition of the Statute Law, lead me to request you to act on the Committee; and I desire to associate with you the following gentlemen, namely, — Sir Thomas Erskine May, K.C.B., Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons; Mr. Rickards, Mr. Speaker's Counsel; Mr. Thring, the Parliamentary Counsel to the Some Office; and Mr. Reilly, who was for some time engaged on the work of Statute Law Revision.

Mr. Arthur John Wood, who has been engaged in that work from its commencement to the present time, will be the Editor, subject to the superintendence of the Committee.

I am, Sir,

Your obedient Servant,

---

Sir John G. Shaw Lefevre, K.C.R., CAIRNS C.

Clerk of the Parliaments.

INTRODUCTION.

This first volume of the Revised Edition of the Statutes, to he published under the authority of the foregoing letter, extends to the end of the reign of James the Second.*

It shows the effect of repeals to the latest Session, that of 1870 (33 & 34 Vict.), inclusive.

It is based on the edition of the Record Commission, known as The Statutes of the Realmf, as regards (among other things) the text, the instruments to be printed, and their order.

Some errors of the text, ascertained to be such by inspection of the Statute roll or Parliament roll, have been corrected. The Queen's Printers are responsible for the correct printing of unaltered matter.

The Chronological Table prefixed enumerates all Statutes and Acts printed in the Statutes of the Realm for the period comprised in this volume, and shows at what pages those now printed will be found, and why the others are not now printed. It also accounts for the omission of parts of Statutes and Acts, where the omission is not explained in the body of the volume.

A repealed part of an Act, if required to be given for the construction of the unrepealed part, is printed in small type, with a note of the repeal; if not so required, it is omitted. Ordinarily whole sections only are omitted; but, in some peculiar cases, parts of sections are omitted. Omissions of sections are shown by asterisks, of parts of sections by dots.J

This applies equally to specific repeals and to repeals express, but not specific, as for instance, a repeal of so much of an Act as relates to a particular subject.

In the preparation of it Mr. Wood has been assisted by Mr. James A. Foot.

f The Statutes of the Realm. .Printed by Command........................From Original

Records and Authentic Manuscripts.

In the earlier part of the volume, chapters of Statutes are in this respect treated as sections of Acts.

Where there might possibly be a question as to the operation of a repeal, the part considered to he covered by the repeal is printed in small type, and the note of the repeal states the terms of repeal.

A partial repeal, not capable of being dealt with exhaustively by excision or distinctive printing, in manner before described, is entered in connection with the title of a Statute or Act, if applicable to the whole of it; if not, then in connection with the portion affected.

The preamble of an Act is omitted where the first section is repealed - and the preamble does not relate to the unrepealed part.

Repeals limited in terms to England are treated as unrestricted.

Some Acts, not being of practical legal value, are omitted and reserved for a Supplemental Volume.

Acts of a local or personal or private nature are omitted. Sections and occasionally parts of sections of a like nature are also omitted,* these omissions being respectively shown by asterisks and dots, as in cases of repeal.

The variances between the Statutes of the Realm and other editions, with respect to the order of Statutes and Acts, are considerable. The Statute Law Revision Acts of 1863 and 1867 show, for the periods to which they respectively relate, the variances between the Statutes of the Realm and Ruffhead's Edition (by Runnington, 1786); and this course has been followed in the Chronological Table.. The variances are there shown in foot notes, or (in the third column) in, parentheses; and prefixed to the Chronological Table is a complete Table of Variances for the same period, in a double form, one following the order of the Statutes of the Realm, the other that of Ruffhead's Edition, f

Some matters in the textf, and in the notes, of the Statutes of the Realm, not of a sufficiently practical character to be now reproduced, are omitted. Sometimes notes have been modified as

In the earlier part of the volume, chapters of Statutes are in this respect treated as sections of Acts.

f Some marginal references in the Statutes of the Realm are to Statutes, Acts, and sections as given in other editions. These references have been copied in this volume. They may be corrected by aid of the Table of Variances.

X For instance, directions and statements relating to promulgation only.

IX

circumstances required, and sometimes notes by the present Editor have been substituted. His additions are between brackets J Omissions of parts of notes are shown by dots.

Subjoined to this Introduction are extracts from the explanatory matter prefixed to the first and other volumes of the Statutes of the Bcalm, relative to (among other things) the text, the translation, and the repositories of documents.

These repositories have been in many instances changed since the publication of the Statutes of the Realm; no alteration has, however, been made in the references to them throughout the volume, the adaptation of Appendix C. to the present state of things (as explained in a note thereon) being considered sufficient.

November 1870.

I Extract from the Introduction to the Statutes of

the Realm.|

CHAP. III.

Sect. I. — Of the Matter8 inserted in this Collection of The Statutes; and their Arrangement. — Sect. II. Of the Sources from whence the several Matters have been taken. — S^ct. III. Of the Mode used in searching for, transcribing, collating, noting, and printing the Text of the Statutes.

Sect. I.

Of ike Matters inserted in this Collection of the Statutes; and their

Arrangement.

All INSTRUMENTS whatever, comprehended in any of the several collections of statutes printed previous to the edition by Hawkins, are inserted in this work; these having for a long series of years been referred to, and accepted as statutes in courts of law: Together with these are inserted all matters of a public nature, purporting to be statutes, first printed by Hawkins or any subsequent editor; and also new matters of the like nature, contained in any statute rolls, inrollments of Acts, exemplifications, transcripts by writ, and original Acts, although not heretofore printed in any general collection of statutes. All these #re placed in the body of the work as text. But it is to be particularly observed, that any decision upon the degree of authority to which any new instrument may be entitled, as being a statute or not, is entirely disclaimed.

At the foot of the text in each page, there are added, such various readings as appeared necessary to correct its errors, or to supply its deficiencies; or to reconcile any material contradiction or repugnancy between the text and the translation; or between different copies of the text, where they were of equal or of nearly equal authority. In the earlier reigns, or in the absence of any authentic source for the text, such various readings are noted with much greater freedom than in later times, or where authentic sources exist. Writs and other instruments, having direct or material reference to the several statutes, are occasionally subjoined by way of notes. These various readings and instruments are taken from the following sources: Inrollments of Acts; exemplifications; transcripts by writ; original Acts; rolls of Parliament; close, patent, fine, and charter rolls; books containing entries of record; antient books and manuscripts not of record, but preserved in the repositories of courts of justice, and corporation offices; or in the libraries of cathedrals, universities, colleges, or inns of court, and at the British

xii v IExtbact from Introduction &c.I

Museum: Various readings have been also admitted from the printed editions; occasionally in confirmation of the manuscript sources, and more frequently in cases where those sources have been found deficient.

Every thing heretofore printed in any former collection of statutes, is in this volume printed in an uniform type; and all new matters, whether various readings, notes, or entire statutes or instruments, are distinguished by a smaller type. The entire matters whether old or new, of which the dates are ascertained, are placed in chronological order; and all, during the reigns of Hen. III. Edw. I. and Edw. II., the dates of which are uncertain, are classed together, after the manner of former editions, at the end of the reign of Edward II. ,. '


In the 31st year of Henry VIII. the distinction between public Acts and private Acts is for the first time specifically stated on the inrollment in Chancery. No private Acts passed after that date have been admitted into this collection: It has been thought sufficient to notice them, by the insertion of their-titles only.

Sect. II.

Of the Sources from whence the several Matters have been taken.

I. The sources from which the materials have been taken for this collection, are necessarily of a different character and description in different periods of our history.

The earliest statutes contained in the several collections are those of Henry III; but no parliamentary record of statutes is now known to be v extant, prior to the statute roll 6 Edw. I. To this interval nevertheless belong the statutes of Merton, Marlborough, Westminster the First, and several others, always included in the printed editions. For this early period, therefore, recourse must be had to inferior sources fonthe text of our statute law: And even in subsequent times, there is not only an interruption in the series of statute rolls, namely, after 8 Hen. VI, until 23 Hen. VI, inclusive, during which the like recourse must be had to sources of an inferior degree of authority; but the statute rolls themselves do not, within their own period, contain all the instruments which have been acknowledged as statutes. After 8 Edw. IV. the statute roll is not preserved; after 4 Henry VII. it ceased to be made up; and ultimately it was succeeded, for practical purposes, by the inrollment in Chancery; though during a short period the statute roll and the inrollment appear t6 have been contemporary.

The materials for the several periods during which no statute rolls or parliamentary records exist, can only be collected from records, on which copies or extracts of statutes have been entered; or from other manuscripts not of record; or, in default of other authority, from the oldest printed editions in which such matters were first inserted. With respect to entries of record, in these periods, that has been judged to be the most authentic evidence of a statute, which has been preserved as a record or authentic copy from antient times, in the custody of the highest courts authorized for that purpose. Such are copies or extracts of particular statutes found in the close, patent, fine, and charter rolls, being records of Chancery. Such also are the

Extract from Introduction &c.j

Xlll

Red Books of the Exchequer of Westminster, and Dublin. On failure of these records, recourse has, of necessity, been had to manuscripts not of record, preserved in the custody of courts of justice, public libraries, or other public repositories. Such are some antient books of statutes in the Exchequer at Westminster, in the town clerk's office, London, in the several cathedrals, in the public and other libraries of the several* universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin, and in the British Museum: When all these sources have proved deficient,. and in such case only, a copy has been admitted, from the oldest printed edition, with various readings from subsequent printed editions.

During the periods in which statute rolls or other parliamentary records do actually exist, the authentic evidence of statutes, (and of other proceedings in Parliament, before the commencement of the journals,) must be searched for upon statute rolls; inrollments of Acts; exemplifications of such statute rolls or inrollments; transcripts by writ into Chancery for the purpose of such exemplifications; original Acts; and rolls of Parliament. — These are the only authentic sources from whence, during those periods, a knowledge can be obtained of the different occurrences in Parliament, whether important or minute.................

II. The nature and qualities of the several records and manuscripts from whence all the statutes, as well those of an earlier as of a later period, have been taken for insertion or collation in this work, and the place where each original record and manuscript is kept, will more fully appear from the following detail. JaJ

1. Statute rolls. — These are records of Chancery, of the highest authority, on which were entered the several statutes when drawn up in form, for the purpose of being proclaimed and published; these statutes being framed upon such original petitions and answers, or entries thereof on the Parliament rolls, as related to public concerns. The earliest statute roll now known to exist, is that which commences with the Statute of Gloucester 6 Edw. I. A.D. 1278. From that period to 8 Edw. IV. inclusive, A.D. 1468, with an interruption, after 8 Hen. VI. until 23 Hen. VI. inclusive, the statutes are preserved in the Tower of London in a regular series, on six separate rolls, each roll consisting of several membranes tacked together. The contents of each roll are as follows, viz.

Of the Great roll; statutes from 6 Edw. I. to 50 Edw. III. But this roll does not contain all the statutes which have been printed aa of that period.

Second roll; statutes temp. Ric. II. There is also a separate roll, of one membrane, containing a duplicate of the statutes 21 Ric. II.

Third roll; statutes temp. Hen. IV. and V.

Fourth roll; statutes 1 Hen. VI. to 8 Hen. VI.

Fifth roll; statutes 25 Hen. VI. to 39 Hen. VI.

Sixth roll; statutes 1 Edw. IV. to 8 Edw. IV. This is the last statute roll now known to exist, none of a later date having been found.

................There is evidence also that statute rolls have existed of a subsequent time; for the statutes after 8 Edward IV, until 4 Henry VII. inclusive, are inserted in the early printed editions in a form manifestly copied from

See Appendix C., post, p. xxi, in which the respective repositories are particularized. This Appendix has been corrected to the time of publication.!

xiv JEXTRACT from INTRODUCTION &c.J

complete statute rolls; and they are found in the like form in Lib. XI. in the Exchequer at Westminster, MS. Cott. Nero C. I, in the British Museum, and in several other manuscript collections. But there is reason to conclude, that the making up of the statute roll entirely ceased with the session 4 Hen.YII, as no such roll of a later date, nor any evidence thereof has been discovered; and it is observable that in the next session, 7 Hen. VII, public Acts were, for the first time, printed from the several Bills passed in Parliament, and not as part of one general statute drawn up in the antient form.

2. Inrollments of Acts of Parliament. — These are records, containing the Acts of Parliament certified and delivered into Chancery. They are preserved in the chapel of the Rolls in an uninterrupted series from 1 Ric. III. to the present time; except only during the Usurpation. By the officers of Chancery they are commonly termed "Parliament Rolls;" and they are

variously endorsed, some with the phrase " Inrollments of Acts.".

After 5 Hen. VII. they may be considered in effect, as coming in the place of the statute roll......

At present, after all the public-general Acts of the session have received the- royal assent, a transcript of the whole is certified by the clerk of the Parliaments and deposited in the Rolls Chapel: On that occasion the clerk of the Parliaments sends the roll, or rolls, containing such transcript, apparently in a complete state, engrossed on parchment, signed, and certified by him as clerk of the Parliaments; and it is thereupon arranged with the other records; and thus becomes the inrollment of the statutes of that session of

Parliament jaJ........


3. Exemplifications; and transcripts by writ — Exemplifications are copies

sent out of Chancery under the King's seal; either to sheriffs of counties and cities in England, or to the chancellor or chief justice of Ireland, or to other courts or places, for the safe custody and for the proclaiming or confirming of the statute; or in other cases for affording authentic evidence of the statute........

It is not irrelevant to remark, that an exemplification differs from an original grant under the great seal, or an original Act of Parliament, in this; that an exemplification is a copy, and can be made only from the record. .....

Transcripts by writ were copies sent into Chancery in answefr to the King's writ or mandate, calling for a copy of the statute from the officer in whose custody it was preserved......

4. Original Acts. — These, from the 12th year of Henry VII. to the present time, with some interruption, particularly in 14 & 15 Hen. VIII. and

21 Hen. VIII. are preserved in the Parliament Office.....The

original Acts in the Parliament Office consist of the Bills as ingrossed after being brought into Parliament, and in the state in which, after such ingross-ment> they passed both Houses, and received the royal assent. Each Act is on a separate roll numbered; and reference is made to them from a calendar kept of the Acts of each session in the Parliament Office. These are the materials from which the clerk of the Parliaments makes up the inrollments

Ift These Acts, since 1849 exclusive, have been printed on vellum in duplicate, and one of the duplicates, signed by the clerk of the Parliaments, is sent to the master of the rolls, and preserved in the Public Record Office.J

{Extract from Introduction &c.J

xv

of public Acts sent by him into Chancery, and preserved there; or certifies Acts into Chancery, when required so to do. JaI

As to the comparative authority of the original Acts and the inrollments in Chancery, it is to be observed, that all the original Acts are separate from each other; and that they are frequently interlined, defaced, erased, and in m^ny instances, With great difficulty intelligible: The inrollment in Chancery is always fair and distinct; and the Acts are entered in a regular series, on one roll or subsequent rolls, as part of the proceedings of a Parliament, the time of the holding of which is stated at the beginning of the roll. In modem practice, if any doubt arises as to the correctness of the inrollment in Chancery, application is made to .the clerk of the Parliaments '; and the original Act is thereupon produced, and compared with the inrollment, and an amendment, if requisite, is made in the inrollment accordingly. {aJ

5. Rolls of Parliament. — These contain entries of the several transactions in Parliament; when complete they include the adjournments, and all other common and daily occurrences and proceedings from the opening to the close of each Parliament, with the several petitions or Bills, and the answers given thereto, not only on public matters, on which the statute was afterwards framed, but also on private concerns. In some few instances the statute as drawn up in form is entered on the Parliament roll: But in general the petition and answer only, are found entered; and in such case the entry, of itself, furnishes no certain evidence, that the petition and answer were at any time put into the form of a statute.

6. The close, patent, fine, and charter rolls, among a variety of grants,

recognisances, and other miscellaneous matters, concerning the state of the realm and the rights of the Crown, recorded in them, include entries of statutes, and some instruments having direct reference to statutes wherein such statutes are recited at length...........

7. Books of record, containing entries of statutes and parliamentary pro-

ceedings. — Of this sort is, the Red Book of the Exchequer at Westminster, some of the early part of which was compiled by Alexander de Swereford, first a clerk and afterwards a baron of the Exchequer, in the reign of Henry III. It seems afterwards to have been considered and used as an authorized repository by the court itself; and contains entries and inrollments of many charters and antient Acts of Parliament, as well as other instruments relating to the King and the rights of the Crown, from the time of William the Conqueror to the end of Edw. III .: ... . . The

Red Book of the Exchequer at Dublin is considered as of the same authority: It contains entries of Magna Carta 1 Hen. III. especially granted to the people of Ireland; of the Statute of Westminster the First, 3 Edw. I, (which is not to be found on the Great roll of statutes in the Tower of London, being prior in date to the present commencement of that roll,) and also of the statutes of Gloucester, 6 Edw. I, de Viris Religiosis 7 Edw. I and Westminster the Second, 13 Edw. I, agreeing in general with the text of those statutes on the statute roll in the Tower. There is reason to conclude that these statutes were entered in the Red Book at Dublin, from

EA See note ante, p. xiv.J

xvi JExtract from Introduction &c.j

an exemplification sent over from England in the 13th year of Edw. I, as is noticed in a memorandum on the close roll of that year. A register book marked A., preserved at the Chapter House at Westminster, as in the custody of the treasurer and chamberlains of the Exchequer, contains entries or inrollments made in the time of Edward I. Among these are the Statute of Gloucester, 6 Edw. I, and the Statute of Westminster the Second, 13 Edw. I. The originals of the several statute^ and instruments, it is stated in the register, were deposited in certain chests in the Chapter House; but these originals have not been discovered.

8. Books and manuscripts not of record, containing entries or copies of

statutes, are very numerous...............


III. . . . . . the following rules of preference have been-adhered to, in the use of the several sources for the text, and for various readings of the statutes, in the present collection.

During the periods in which statute rolls exist, such statute rolls have been considered and used as the highest authority for the statutes contained in them

But for such statutes as, during the period of the existence of the statute rolls, do not appear on those rolls; and for statutes made in any period of

which the statutefroll is not now in existence,...............and also for the

correction of manifest errors or omissions in the text, whether taken from statute rolls or elsewhere, the following sources have been recurred to in regular gradation; preference being given to them according to the following order, but all being used and collated, where necessary: viz. 1. Inrollments of Acts. — 2. Exemplifications .and transcripts. — 3. Original Acts. — 4. Rolls of Parliament. — 5. Close, patent, fine, and charter rolls. — 6. Entries and books of record. — 7. Books and manuscripts not of record. — And finally, 8. The printed copies; the earliest of which was not published until more than two hundred years subsequent to the present commencement of the statute rolls.

The following reasons for preference among manuscripts not of record have been adopted: 1. Their professing to be authentic copies from any records, exemplifications, or transcripts: 2. Their age; the oldest being on the whole the most worthy of credit: 3. The uniformity and regularity of the series of statutes, and instruments in each collection: 4. Their having been already printed, and received in use, as evidence of the text of statutes; or, if not so printed, their according with the printed copies, and with each other, so that when the manuscripts differ, the majority should prevail: 5. Certain manuscripts have been holden to be of superior authority upon some particular subjects, having special connection with the places in which they are preserved: Such as the books preserved in the Exchequer, for statutes relating to that court, or to accounts, or to money; books at the town clerk's office, London, relating to the assises of bread and ale, weights, and measures, &c: 6. In all manuscripts some articles are found much more correct than others; a judgment has therefore frequently been formed from internal evidence in favour of a particular statute or reading, although the manuscript in which such statute or reading were found, might not, in other instances, be entitled to preference: 7. Where it has happened that several manuscripts agreed in

jExtract from Introduction &c.j

xvii

the text or reading of any instrument, and were so equal in their claims for preference, that it was entirely matter of indifference which should be chosen for a source of extract or quotation, that manuscript has been used which has been quoted or extracted from for other purposes, in preference to one not before quoted; and one which has already been printed from, in preference to one which has not.

Sect. III.

Of the Mode used, in searching for, transcribing, collating, noting, and printing the Text of the Statutes.

# m #" # *

The various readings are suggested, in the following manner; first, by substituting one reading for another: In this case the word or sentence in the text, of which an alteration is suggested, is included between two crotchets, with a figure of reference to the note; and in the note is inserted the word or sentence proposed to be substituted, with a quotation of the record or manuscript or printed copies in which it is found. Secondly, by inserting some word or sentence omitted: In this case a reference is included within a parenthesis, and the word or sentence to be inserted is supplied in the note. Thirdly, by noting the omission, in other copies, of a word or sentence inserted in the text: In this case the word or sentence in the text is included between crotchets with a reference, and in the note the copies which omit such word or sentence are particularized.

The entries on the statute rolls and records of Chancery are very seldom broken into separate paragraphs; though other manuscripts are more frequently so divided. In all cases where there is any division of paragraphs in the record or manuscript, the like division has been made in the transcript. The transcript has been also occasionally divided into separate chapters or paragraphs, in conformity with the printed editions of the statutes, and for the convenience of reference, in places where such division did not occur in the record or manuscript: But this has been done only when a full stop or other mark in the manuscript appeared to justify the complete separation of the sentences. The points or stops are conformable to those in the record; and in printing the text of the antient statutes, the same mode has been adopted as with respect to the charters, of exhibiting the contractions as near as may be to the likeness of the original characters. Where the chapters or clauses are numbered in the record or manuscript, such number has been inserted in the transcript. And tie numbers of the chapters and clauses in Cay's edition, or the other printed editions from which the translation is taken, are inserted at the head of the side note or abridgement affixed to tho translation.


b

xviii

Extract from Introduction &c.J

CHAP. IV.

Sect. I.................

Sect. II. Of tee Translation m this Collection of the Statutes.

Sect. II.

Of the Translation in this Collection of the Statutes.

The printed translation of the statutes previous to Hen. VII. used for the present work, is that of Cay's edition 1751: But as many statutes and parts of statutes are omitted from the English of that edition, the deficiencies have been supplied from the edition by Hawkins 1735, the folio edition 1618, usually called RastalTs; Pulton's edition of the same year; RastalTs collection in English 1603; and, in some few instances from earlier English collections, and other authorities. Of statutes and instruments or parts thereof, not heretofore translated, and of such only, a translation has been now made, which is always distinguished by being printed in a smaller type........

In the Bodleian Library, Bawlinson manuscript, No. 230, is a very antient translation of some of the statutes of the time of Hen. III. and Edw. I. There is reason to think, that this translation is of a time certainly not later than Edward III, and probably of an earlier period: It does not contain any statute later than 25 Edward I. In the British Museum, Harleian manuscript No. 4999, is a translation of the statutes 1 Edw. III. to 18 Hen. VI., made apparently in the time of Henry VI, or Edward IV.

For the purpose of correcting errors in the translation, the several editions, as well of the text as of the translation, have been compared with each other; and much use has also been made of the two manuscript translations just noticed, which are cited thus, the Bawlinson manuscript as MS. Tr. 1. and the Harleian manuscript, as MS. Tr. 2: After the commencement of the reign of Henry VI., the petitions or Bills entered in English on the Parliament roll, from whence the statute was drawn up in French or Latin, have been consulted.

Corrections of errors in the translation which arise from misinterpretation or omission, are suggested either from other translations, or, where no other translation supplies a probable correction, by new expressions. Errors or inconsistencies which arise from the insertion of words or sentences, not authorized by the text as given in the present work, are noticed, either by a reference to records or manuscript authorities, or to antient printed copies of the Latin or French text as authorizing such insertion, or by a proposed omission of the words so inserted, in consequence of their not being justified by any authority. Trifling variances between the text and the translation, manifestly not affecting the sense, have not been considered worthy of notice; particularly where all former translations agree in the same reading. But as it was difficult, not to say impossible, to lay down any certain standard on this latter head, a consistency entirely perfect may not have been uniformly observed, and is not to be expected.

The notes and marks suggesting the corrections in the translation, are to be thus understood: First, words which are included between crotchets, without any note of reference, are such as are contained in all translations, and are

{Extract from Introdtjction &c.J

xix

authorized by printed copies of the Latin or French text; though not authorized by the text, or by any various reading, here given, from manuscript records or authorities. Secondly, words in the translation included between crotchets, with a figure, refer to a correction thereof, suggested in the note such collection, if authorized by any printed or manuscript translation, is printed in the note in roman letter; but if not so authorized, then such correction is printed in italic letter; if the correction be justified by the rolls of Parliament or old manuscript translations, they are quoted. Thirdly, a ^reference within a parenthesis between two words, suggests an omission, which is supplied in the notes, in roman or italic character, according as it is or is not authorized, as before specified. Fourthly, where any words in the translation are inclosed between crotchets, with reference to the note " not in original/' it is to be understood, that neither the text, as now given from the record or manuscript, nor any printed copy, appears to authorize the insertion of the words. The term " old translations " is applied to all published previous to the year 1618; in which year the editions distinguished as Rastall's and Pulton's statutes were both published: The edition called Rastall's, however, having followed the current of several former editions of the statutes, is included in the term " old " translations; and Pulton's translation being in many parts new, and having been generally adopted by Cay and subsequent editors, is therefore included in the term " modem."

Short abstracts or side notes have been prepared, as well to the matters heretofore translated, as to those of vhich a translation is now for the first time given in this publication; of those relating to matters heretofore translated, some have been'taken from Cay's, or former English editions of the statutes; and like abstracts are added to the Acts subsequent to the reign of Hen. VII.

XXI

APPENDIX. C. fto the Introduction to the Statutes

of the

ORIGINALS, RECORDS, and MANUSCRIPT COPIES

OF

THE GREAT CHARTERS, and of THE STATUTES:

Specifying the several Repositories in which they are preserved. JaJ

['The places of deposit of many of the documents mentioned in this Appendix have been changed since the time of its original publication, in the first volume of the Statutes of the Realm, in the year 1811, and in some cases the by which the documents are distinguished, have been altered. No alteration has, however, been

made in this edition in the references to these documents as being deposited in the places and distinguished by the marks mentioned in this Appendix. The Appendix is therefore reprinted without alteration, but where it has been ascertained that the statements as to the repositories of documents or the marks by which documents are distinguishe4 do not agree with existing facts, footnotes are added showing the present repositories or distinguishing marks.]

P For " Donation " read " Additional "] £c For this entry, read " 1"* 2m Regalium, C j. No. 3."]

p For thin entry, read u l"* 2* Regalium, D j. No. 4."] £« For this entry, read " 1" 2* Regalium, B j. No. 2."]

p For thin entry, read " 1" 2* Regalium, E j. No. 5."]

(sFor this entry, read u Archives of the Collegiate Church of St Peter, Westminster."]

For thin entry, read " 2' 2" Regalium, B j. No. 2."] £! For this entry, read " 2' 2* Regalium, H j. No 8."]

Article. Period. Repository. Distinguishing Reference.

Charter*.

Carta de Libertatibus 1 Stephen Exeter Cathedral Donation [bJ MS. 4838.

Articuli Magne Carte 17 John British Museum

1 Magna Carta - -< 17 John 1 Hen. m. - i I Lincoln Cathedral British Museum Durham Cathedral MS. Cott. Aug. ILNo. 106. Prima SSde Regalium 3*. £eJ

i [ A.D. 1217. Bodleian Lib. Oxford MS. Furney, No. 5.

Carta de Foresta - 2 Hen. IH. Durham Cathedral Prima S5de Regalium 4*. £dJ

Magna Carta 9 Hen. III. { Durham Cathedral Lacock Abbey Id. 2». £eJ

Carta de Foresta - 9 Hen. HI. Durham Cathedral Prima Scde Regalium 5\ £*J

Magna Carta 36 Hen. HI. - British Museum MS. Cott. Aug. IL No. 51.

Charters of Confirma-

tion AND INSPJSXIMUS.

Carta Confirmation!* 21 Hen. HI. Bodleian Lib. Oxford MS. Furney, No. 6.

Magna Carta [7n*p.] 25 Edw. I. t r London, Town-Clerk's Office London, Town-Clerk's Office Westminster Collegiate

Magna Carta [7a*p.] 28 Edw. I. -i Church [ij Durham Cathedral Seda Scde Regalium 2*. £b]

L Oriel College, Oxford

1 Carta de Forests [7»sp.] 28 Edw. I. r Durham Cathedral Oriel College, Oxford Seda Scde Regalium 8*. £'J

Carta Confirmationi* 25 Edw. L British Museum Cotton Charters, VII. 9.

Carta ConfirmationiB 29 Edw. I. Bodleian Lib. Oxford MS. Furney, No. 8.

xxii

APPENDIX. C. Jto Introduction &c.j

Article. Period. Repository. t Distinguishing Reference.

Records of Charters

and Statutes. 1 John to 22 Edw. IV. Tower of London £] - - *1 Rolls of each Tear

Charter Rolls 1 Ric. HI, to 8 Hen. VHL - Rolls Chapel, London £*] - J respectively.

[See Patent Rolls.']

6 Edw. I. to 50 Edw. HI. r The Great Roll.

Temp. Ric. II. RollII.

\ Statute Rolls Temp. Hen. IV. & Hen. V. 1 Hen. VI. to 8 Hen. VI. Tower of London £»] Roll in. Roll IV.

25 Hen. VI. to 39 Hen. VI. Roll V.

1 Edw. IV. to 8 Edw. IV. Roll VL

Inrollments of Acts 1 Ric. m. and ever since, -And see Rolls of Parliament. Rolls Chapel £'] Rolls of each Tear respectively.

Sententia lata in Trans-'

greesorea Cartanun 37 Hen. HI Wells Cathedral

Statuta Wallie, 12 Edw. I. | Tower of London £] -Chapter House, Westm. £*]

Stat. Wynton, 13 Edw. I. - Chapter House, Westm. £]

Stat. 27 Edw. I. British Museum - . Cotton Charters, VII. 11. SSda Scde Regalium l\£b] Exempl. pro Scot.

Articuli sup. Cartas 28 Ed. I. Durham Cathedral

Stat Carlisle, 35 Edw. L - Chapter House, Westm. £a] -

Stat 10 Edw. II. Wells Cathedral

Novae Ordinationes f British Museum CottonCharters,£c]43.D. 18.

Exemplifications and Transcripts of Acts 5 Edw. n. - -\ Statute 15 Edw. III. Canterbury Cathedral Wells Cathedral Roll K. 11. £d]

Statute 8 Hen. VI. London, Town-Clerk's Office- IeI

Statutes 9 Hen. VL to \ 20 Hen. VI. - - J Tower of London £»]

Act of Resumption, \ 20 Hen. VI. - - j Chapter House, Westm. £*]

Statutes 25 to 39 Hen. VL £*] Exchequer, Westminster, 1 King's Rememb. Office. J

Act of Resumption, \ 28 Hen. VL - -J Chapter House, Westm. [*]

Private Acts 6 Hen. VlJLl. \ and since - - j Rolls Chapel £*] Certiorari Bundles.

18 to 35 Edw. I. Chapter House, Westm. £*]

Rolls of Parliament - 4 & 5 Edw. IL to 22 Edw. IV. 21 Ric. II. -7 Hen. V. - -/ Tower of London £*] - - 1 Chapter House, Westm. [*] J Rolls of each Tear respectively.

Original Acts of Parlia- *) ment - - j And see Inrollments of Acts. 12 Hen. VII. and ever since £*] [ Parliament Office, Westm. £h] Bundles and Rolls of each Tear, and number

of the Actsrespectively.pl

Petitions and Bills inf Parliament - -1 Temp. E. I. E. II. E. 111.1 R. H. H. IV. V. & VI. V and Edw. IV. - - J Tower of London £*] - Bundles and Files of each Tear.

I. The present repository is the Public Record Office.] [b For this entry read " 2* 2 Regalinm. No. 28."]

|c For " Cotton Charters," read " Harleian Charter,"] £d For this entry, read " Cart Antiqua K. 11. addenda."] Insert " Cartae Antiquae. 1 Edw. 3., 11 Hen. 7."]

|f This exemplification or transcript cannot be found; inquiry has been made for it of the Queen's Remembrancer and the Deputy Keeper of the Records.]

p But with some interruptions, particularly 14 & 15 Hen. 8. and 21 Hen. 8., and with some irregularities and deficiencies, generally of no great importance.] £h The present repository is the Victoria Tower.]

£l The original Acts are not now in these bundles or rolls, but each public general Act up to 1849 inclusive, and each local and personal Act and each private Act up to 1850 inclusive, forms a separate roll. The public general Acts since 1849 and all other Acts since 1850 are printed as separate Acts on vellum, and on these the royal assent is endorsed. The Acts of each year are numbered in manuscript in the order of their receiving the royal assent, and these numbers correspond with those in a manuscript called the Long Calendar in which the titles are entered, but do not necessarily correspond with the numbers of the chapters.]

I. The present repository is the Public Record Office.]

For this entry, read " Registers C. 5. & G. 9."]

For this entry, read " MS. of Barth. Cotton's Chronicle."] r For this entry, read " 5 Edw. n. to 22 Edw, IV."]

£b For this entry, read " Hen. I. to Eliz."] £d For " No. 1." read " A & B."]

[* Insert " No. 534., vols. 1-31."]

Article. Period. Repository. Distinguishing Reference.

Records', incidentally

coxtaxicing Statutes.

Patent Rolls j [ Thexe contain Charters since 8 Henry VIII. See Charter JRolls.] e 3 John to 22 Edw. IV. John, E. U. & H. VI -j 1 Edw. V. to 27 Geo. III. -28 Geo. IIL and since Tower of London pj -Chapter House, Westm. [*] [few and irregular.] Rolls Chapel p] ' -Petty flag Office, Chancery pj

Clans or Close Bolls 6 John to 22 Edw. IV. 18 Ric. II. 1 Edw. V. to 24 Geo. III. - Tower of Londou J'] -Chapter House, Westm. p] Rolls Chapel pj I nrol linen t Office,Chancery p] Rolls of each Year respectively.

25 Geo. III. and since

Pardon Rolls r 26 Edw. I. to 22 Edw. IV.- Tower of London pj -

1 Ric. HI. to end of Jac. I. Rolls Chapel pj -

Fine Rolls 6 John to 24 Edw. IV. Tower of Londou p] -

1 Edw. V. to 17 Car. I. Rolls Chapel pj

Books of Record. e Will. I. to Edw. III. PI - Exchequer, Westminster pi - Red Book.

Containing Entries of Hen. III. to Ric. U, Exchequer, Dublin Red Book.

Charters, Statutes, and- Temp. Edw. I. Chapter House, Westm. pj Register A.

Parliament Rolls 18 to 35 Edw. I. - - 1 14 Edw. II. - -J Tower of London pj Vetus Codex.

Rooks and Manuscripts

not of Record. Stephen and John Canterbury Cathedral - Register V. IX PJ

1 and 2 Hen. III. York Cathedral Domesday Book.

Hen. HI. Edw. I. - - Durham Cathedral Ledger Books I. H. HI.

Chirtularies - -« Hen. I. ... Rochester Cathedral - Textus Roffensis.

1 Hen. HI. to 25 Edw. I. - Gloucester Cathedral Register No. 1. PJ

John to 37 Hen. HI. Norwich Cathedral Branthwaite's Register, pj

John to 27 Edw I. - -| Christ Church Cathedral, 1 Dublin - - - j Liber Niger.

- 6 Edward I. to Edw. IV. - Lincoln's Inn Library Hale's MSS.

Copies of Rolls of Parliament, and Petitions -in Parliament Edw. H. to Hen. IV. pj -Edw. IL to Hen. VIH. 5 Edw. H. to 19 Hen. VH. Middle Temple Library Inner Temple Library Cambridge, Magdn College -Trinity College. Dublin FfJ Petyt's MSS. ' Pepys Library.

5 Edw. H. to 4 Hen. V1U.

4 Edw. H. to Hen. VIII. - British Museum MSS. Harl. 7057 — 7086.

Selections from Patent 1 Rolls - -j 1 Hen. HI. to 22 Edw. IV. Trinity College, Dublin Powle's MSS.

xxiv

For "S3''read "89"!

b For " Exchequer, Westminster " read as follows, that is, opposite " John to Ric. H." and " 1 Edw. IV. to " 7 Hen. VIH." read " Public Record Office " and opposite " 1 Edw. HI. to 83 [39] Hen. VI." read " Exchequer, * Westminster, Queen's Remembrancer's Office

c For this entry, read" No. 511., vol. 9., Petyt's MSS."£

'd For this entry, read " No. 511., vol. 8., Petyt's MSS."J 'For this entry, read " No. 511., vol. 6., Petyt's MSS."J

tf For* ".9 Hen. IH. to 29 Hen. VI. — Barrington's MSS. 8 vols.", read " 1 Edw. III. to 29 Hen. VI. — No. 505., " Barrington or Petyt's MSS .; Magna Carta to 12 Edw. II. — No. 508., Barrington or Petyt's MSS .; I Edw. HI. to " 23 Hen. VI. c. 14. — No. 506., Barrington or Petyt's MSS."I £fFor this entry, read "C. 454., C. 457., C. 459., C. 508., C. 22 C. 668 b., C. 612 b., C. 820., C. 666., C. 321., C. 346."J

Eh The numerals under this head shoqld be arabic.J I1 For " No." read " Vol."J

k For "28" read" 18 "J £>

. 230., C. 458., C. 453., B. 520., C. 157., B. 460., C. 294.,

I. For " xiv " read " 14

7

Article. Period. Repository. Distinguishing Reference.

Books and Manuscripts not of Record continued. Collections containing Charters; and Sta-, tutes, preceded by the Charter* John to Rio. I . - -1 lEdw.rn.to38nHen.YL \ 1 Edw. IV. to 7 Hen. VUI. J 9 Hen. HL to End of / Hen. V. - 4 9 Hen. III. to Hen. IV. 2 Hen. HI. to end of Ed., 1.1 1 Edw. HI. to 8 Hen. VII. 1 1 Edw. in. to 29 Hen. VI. 9 Hen. HI. to 29 Hen. VLIT Various Periods; from Hen. L to Hen. VH. - k Exchequer, Westminster £b] -« London, Town-Clerk's Office - - v. Lincoln's Inn Library - Inner Temple Library - Oxford. Bodleian Library: RawUnson MSS. -< * —— Hatton MSS. Lauds MSS. Roll, No. 1036. / Cambridge: University Library - '[ Trin. Coll. Library -1 I Corpus Christi, or Bene't Coll. Library * Afo. Parker's f MSS. - - i Lib. X. Lib. IX. Lib. XI. Lib. Horn. Lib. Custumarum. Lib. de antiq. legibns. Transcr. Libri Albi. Lib. G, H, I. Hale's MSS. Petyt's MSS. No. 9. £eJ Petyt's MSS. No. 8. [dJ Petyt's MSS. No. 6. £eJ Barnngton'sMSS. 3vols.£f] No. 212, 213, 216, 219, 220, 222, 223, 230, ' 249, 273, 274, 275, 276, 277, 278, 337, 371. l*J 10, No. 4135. Pot. Bodl. Class. Shelf. p| No.?] Dd - vii 6 ix 38,72 xv 12, 28£b] Ee - i 1,5 ii 19 vi 1, 33 Hh - iii 11 iv 1,6 li - vi 25 Kk - v 33 LI _ - i 10,15,16 iv 17, 18 Mm - i 27 v 19 ' 0 - i 71, 76 ii 58 iii 20,45 iv xi v£l] vtf 27 ix 26 R - xv 12 No. 59, 70, 84, 292, 297, 362,377,412,476,482.

xxv

[* For " XXI." read " XXXI."I p For " Donation "read " Additional "1

[* For this entry read « No. 255, <64, 465, 466, 467,468,469, 470, 471, 472, 474, 475, 476, 477, 478, 564,652."J

Articles ' Period. Repository. Distinguishing Reference.

Booka and Mjjtttbcripts

rot or Record

continued. British Museum:

- * MSS. Cott

Julius A, XX: B, Xll: D, n: D, vn. Claudius D, XL Nero A, VI; A,XH: C, I:

Df L

— Cottonian MSS. to Galba E, III, IV. Vitellius C, XX: E, V. Vespasian B, VII: F. IX. Titus A, Vm, XIII: b, v, vi, vm. Domitian VH. Faustina B, I: D, m. Appendix XVI, XXV.

MSS. HarL

No. 79, 244, 311, 323,

395, 408, 409, 413, 450, 458, 489, 493, 529, 550,

644, 666, 667, 668, 673,.

- 696, 741, 746, 748, 751, 773, 785, 858, 867, 869, 926, 936, 946, 947, 990,

CoLLBcnoRS containing Charters; and Statutes, preceded by the< Charters continued. Various Periods; from Hen. L to Hen. VII. —— Harleian MSS. 1011, 1013, 1024, 1028, 1033, 1120, 1127, 1208, 1214, 1259,1261, 1311, 1317, 1335, 1690, 1708, 1757, 1807, 1817, 1954, 3205, 3206, 3341, 3652, 3824, 3937, 3942, 3994, 4565, 4855, 4871, 4975, 4999, 5022, 5044, 5072, 5213, 5214, 5233, 5274,

5290, 5326, 5349, 5430, 6644, 6800, 6873,7547.

- r MSS. Reg.

9 a i, h, vn.

Royal Library -< 13 A XIV. 15 A XXI. M 19 A vn, XIV.

20 a vn, vm, ix.

Donation [b] MSS. - - No. 5444, 5502, 5511, 5668. No. 251, 480, 481, 482, 483,

Lansdowne MSS. — 484, 485, 486, 487, 488, 490, 491, 492, 493, 494, 581, 667. M

No. 166, 171, 179, 270,

Lambeth Library: 350, 371, 429, 499, 543,

556.

' xxvii

4

APPENDIX. D. Ito the Introduction to the Statutes

of the Realm.J

Explanation of the Contractions,

Used in printing the Records and Manuscripts copied in this Collection.

............With respect to the Printed Contractions, it is to be observed, that

wherever the Manuscript is abbreviated, the Print has a mark of contraction, as similar to that of the Manuscript as the types will admit. The different Manuscripts vary a little from each other in the mode of making the several contractions. The following explanation of the marks of contraction used in the Print (applying both to the Latin and French text, though the latter is generally less abbreviated than the former), may serve as well to render rthe printed copy intelligible, as also to explain the contractions in the Manuscripts, and to make the reading and consulting of them, when necessary, more easy to persons not used to antient records.

A straight Line over a Vowel denotes the Omission of the Letter m or n following:

stati - - statim

qua - -antiq* -hoiu - -

quam

antiquam

hominum

n5 - - non

comun - commun

avaudia - avauntditz

volutate - voluntatem

The straight Line over m in the Middle of a Word denotes the Omission of the Letter n following:

omes

- omnes

omia - -

omnia

A crooked Line over some Letter, or a Line through some Letter, of the Word contracted, denotes the Omission of one or more Letters of the Word:

- fcio or tio

co, to -

Lcion or tion coronacois - coronacionis expeditaco - expeditacio malicose - maliciose

A small superior Letter denotes an Omission, of which such Letterforms a Part:

primis || s* - sibi

1 Qfa - - Gratia 1 Epis- - Episcopis

'* Baffin - Ballivis oms - omnes

noli - - nobis liUtates - libertates

: beat - - habeat Das - - Dominus

Salt - - Salutem diet - - dictum, &c.

qam O

q'- -J

quam

occ*one - occasions imp^onet* - imprisonetur

p1mis -

pnus

& -n» -

max

The following Characters or Abbreviations have certain explicit Significations, viz.

At the End of Words in the Dative or Ablative Plural: Abbatib3 - Abbatibus | quib3 - - quibus

83 - - set (sed) | poss3 - - posset

Or as a comprehensive Mark of Abbreviation:

I Chancier. Signification.

3 US

sometimes

et

quil3 - - quilibet

qn3 - - - quandoque

videl3 - - videlicet

Character. Signification.

9 US Not being the Dative or Ablative Plural:

above the line. - tn^pmodi -j.hojMnlodi dedim9 - - dedimus

huj9 - - - hujus ext^are - - excusare

sometimes os, or oat. X i i i i i p9tea - - postea

9 com, or con 9tenta - contenta | 9muni - communi | jseil - conseil

even with the '

line.

qorqj que absq* - - absque | USq - - - usque

Frequently used also for quod and quia.

n ' er eScitum - exercitum II infte§int- infregerint mafie - manere

itifie - - itinere || deals - - denera

sometimes

re e§ssum - - egressum | trans|ssum I - transgressum

rum antecesso£ - antecessorum | nfog - - - nostrorum

Sometimes to mark an Abbreviation beginning with r:

co? coronacionem

& et The & appears in the Print wherever an Abbreviation for et

appears in the Manuscript.

1 and In the copies of some Scotch Records in Appendix H. to the

Introduction.

£ eciam

i est

8 cer feSit - - fecerit Stum - - certum

& mer anlcietur - amercietur ficator - - mercator

a ser Hvicium - - servicium §vir - - - servir

ter ce?a - - - cetera tram - terram

sometimes Sspasours - trespasours

tre

a uer fQit - - - fuerit feGit - - - habuerit

9 ver esto9iu - - estoverium o9tes - - overtes

P p per \ pro J As the Prepositions per and pro, and in forming Words:

cepit - - ceperit PPia - - propria

gbu - - - probum psone - person©

aptement - apertement pfit - - profit

pmisifc - - permisit gmisit - * promisit

gchein - - prochein pa . . . persona

also for parcel©

P 1 par and por ' patus - - paratus pceles - -

tempe - - tempore corpum - * - corpori

:*tc

rto t

'I

J» This Appendix is not reprinted in this edition.}

Siggfication.

IS or s

psentem - presentem pdcm - - predictum

fia - -establisemena

II

- fitz a

establisemen tz|j

jplaa - - -

pndront - prendront

fe» - - - fetz fcenauna - tenaunte

In the Copies of some Records the following Characters occur.

Scotfcf - - Scottis I! also the Saxon Characters,

Lordf - - Lords I p th / g - y

lg the several statute rolls, Parliament rolls, and close, patent, fine, and charter year of the King, the part, if there are more rolls than one of the same year, the or skin, and the number of the article, where it is so distinguished on the roll, rised; and if it is on the dorse or back of the roll that also is noticed. — The tbranes or skins of which the rolls are composed, are frequently numbered [bottom to the top of the roll, the membrane at the end being numbered and so rely up So the beginning of the roll; — Thus:

/'/. Rot. Stat. m. 46 d. signifies, — The Great Roll of the Statutes, on the back of

I membrane 46.

K Edw. II. P. 2. nu.3. - Parliament Roll 6 Edward II. Part II. Number 3.

ClavX - * Close Roll. II Rot. Fin. - - - Fine Roll.

Pat* - - - Patent Roll. II Cart. - - - Charter Roll

Cedulc

- - In a schedule or separate skin or membrane attached to the roll.

ions as to the other Records and Manuscripts cited, see Appendix C.

Extracts from Prefaces to various Volumes of the Statutes of the Realm.}

{Extract from Preface to Vol. 2.1



....Notea of amendment of the existing translation of the statutes

of these years {aJ are inserted, from the Parliament roll, in all instances where the Bills or Acts are found entered thereon in English.

{Similar remarks are made in this Preface as to the Statute 23 Hen. 6. and the statutes 12 to 22 Edw. 4, qualified, however, with this observation with respect to the last-mentioned period, — that the Bills or Acts during this period are uniformly entered on the contemporary Parliament roll in English.!

{Extract from Preface to Vol. 3.J

The titles of the Acts as inrolled in Chancery, during the period contained in this volume, {b| differ from those on the original Acts; and in the calendars in Chancery and in Parliament there are still further differences:..........The title prefixed to each chapter, in the body of the work,

is that which is inserted in the margin of the roll at the beginning of the Act, in all esses where any such appears: Sometimes a list of the Acts is given at the commencement of the roll, with titles differing from those in the margin of the entry of each Act; and sometimes, where a list is so given, no titles are inserted in the margin; in this latter case, the titles in the list are also prefixed to each chapter as printed. The titles of the Acts which are printed from the originals are those which are generally indorsed on, but sometimes written at the head of, such original Acts.

[Extract from Preface to Vol. 4.1

...........In one year, 18 Jac. I., it has happened that the deficiency

arising from the non-inrollment of the two subsidy Acts could not be supplied by the original Acts, nor by any manuscript or printed copy, although very diligent searches were made for the purpose. [These two Acts not being extant (their titles only being preserved) are in this edition treated as nonexisting, and accordingly are not noticed even in the Chronological Table!


[It appears from the prefeces to volumes 2-6, that after 12 Hen. 7. Acts printed from the inrolment in Chancery have been compared with the original Acts in the Parliament Office, whenever these were still preserved.!

xxxiii

I TABLE OF VARIANCES BETWEEN THE STATUTES OF THE REALM

AND RUFFHEAD'S EDITION,

FOR THE PERIOD COMPRISED IN THIS VOLUME.

C

XXXV

T ABLE

EXP&ANATOBY OF

VARIANCES BETWEEN THE STATUTES OF THE REALM AND RUFFHEAD'S EDITION,* WITH RESPECT TO YEARS, STATUTES, AND CHAPTERS,f

FOR THE PERIOD COMPRISED IN THIS VOLUME.

Arranged in the order of the Statutes of the Realm. Arranged in the order of Ruffhead's edition.

Statutes of the Realm. Ruffhead's edition. Ruffhead's edition. Statutes of the Realm.

20 Hen. 3. St at. Hib. de 14 Hen. 3. 9 Hen. 3. Magna 25 Ed. 1.

Coker. Charta.

37 Hen. 3. - 38 Hen. 3. 9 Hen. 3. Charta 26 Ed. 1.

40 Hen. 3. - 21 Hen. 3. Forestce.

43 Hen. 3. - Not printed. 51 Hen. 3. (App.). 14 Hen. 3. 20 Hen. 3. Stat. Hib. de

51 & 52 Hen. 3. Diet. de Coher.

Kenilw. 21 Hen. 3. - 40 Hen. 3.

4 Ed. 1. St at. Rageman Temp, incert. Stat. 38 Hen. 3. - 37 Hen. 3.

de Ragman. 51 Hen. 3. St. 1. - Temp, incert. Assisa Pants

7 Ed. 1. St at. de Viris Relig. 7 Ed. 1. St. 2. et Cervisie.

12 Ed. 1. St at. Rothlan r 10 Ed. 1. 13 Ed. 1. St. 4. 51 Hen. 3. St. 2. Temp, incert. Dies Communes de Banco.

13 Ed. 1. Stat. Ctrc.J Temp, incert. Ar- 51 Hen. 3. St. 3. Temp, incert. Dies Com-

Agatis - j ticles against the King9 s Prohibitions. munes de Dote.

51 Hen. 3. St. 4. - Temp, incert. The part of

18 Ed. 1. Stat. (fat R. de 18 Ed. 1. St. 1. Quia Les Estatuz del Eschekere

t'ris, Sec. emptores terr. 24 Ed. 1. bet cc. 13 & 14, viz., distr9

18 Ed. 1. Stat. de Consult. sc9 cU.

20 Ed. 1. De bred de Temp, incert. Stat. 51 Hen. 3. St. 5. - Temp, incert. Les Estatuz i del Eschekere, except the 1 part above mentioned.

Inquis., &c. de bred de inquis., See.

20 Ed. 1. De Inquis. non 34 Ed. 1. St. 3. c. 1. 1 cc. 1, 2.

alloc., &c. c.2. I c. 3.

21 Ed. 1. Stat. de Jwtic. Temp, incert. Stat. c. 3. i cc. 4, 5.

Asssg. de Justic. Assig. c.4. c. 6.

23 Ed. 1. Stat. de Frang. 1 Ed. 2. St. 2. c. 5. cc. 7-9.1

Pris. c. 6. * c. 10.

25 Ed. 1. Magna Carta 9 Hen. 3. c. 7. | cc. 11-13, & part of

25 Ed. 1. Carta de Forest a 9 Hen. 3. j c: 14.

25 Ed. 1. Confirmatio Car- 25 Ed. 1. St. 1. c. 8. i c. 14, residue, & c. 15.

farm. c. 9. cc. 16-18.

25 Ed. 1. Pardon to H. de Not printed. c. 10. - c. 19.

Boksm and others. * 51 Hen. 3. St. 6. - Temp, incert. Judic. Pil-

25 Ed. 1. Stat. de Tallag. - 34 Ed. 1. St. 4. lorie.

25 Ed. 1. Sent. lata. 25 Ed. 1. St. 2. 51 Hen. 3. (App.) - 61 & 52 Hen. 3. Diet, de

S Ed. 1. Ordin. de Consp. 33 Ed. 1. St. 2. Kenilw.

35 Ed. 1. 35 Ed. 1. St. 1. 4 Ed. 1. St. 1. Temp, incert. Extenta Manerii.

2 Ed. 2. - - - Not printed. 2 EcL 2.

3 Ed. 2. 6 Ed. 1. A Statute Not printed; see note, p. 45, vol. 1.

5 Ed. 2. - Not printed. 7 EcL 1. St. 1. - of Quo Warranto.

7 Ed. 2. Stat. sup. Apart. Arm. 7 Ed. 1. St. 1. 7 Ed. 2. Stat. sup. Aport. Arm.

The edition of Ruffhead referred to throughout is that by Sexj. Runnington, 1786. t Where the year is the same in both editions a slight difference in the titles or otherwise is not usually

XXXV

T A B L E

EXPliANATOBT OF

VARIANCES BETWEEN THE STATUTES OF THE REALM AND RUFFHEAD'S EDITION,* WITH RESPECT TO YEARS, STATUTES, AND CHAPTERS,t

FOR THE PERIOD COMPRISED IN THIS VOLUME.

Arranged in the order of the Statutes of the Realm. Arranged in the order of Ruffhead's edition.

Statutes of the Realm. Ruffhead's edition. Ruffhead's edition. Statutes of the Realm.

20 Hen. 3. St at. Hib. de 14 Hen. 3. 9 Hen. 3. Magna 25 Ed. 1.

Coker. Charta.

37 Hen. 3. - 38 Hen. 3. 9 Hen. 3. Charta 25 Ed. 1.

40 Hen. 3. - 21 Hen. 3. Foresta.

43 Hen. 3. - Not printed. 14 Hen. 3. - 20 Hen. 3. Stat. Hib. de

51 A 52 Hen. 3. Diet, de 51 Hen. 3. (App.). Coher.

Kenilw. 21 Hen. 3. - 40 Hen. 3.

4 Ed. 1. St at. Rageman Temp, incert. Stat. 38 Hen. 3. - 37 Hen. 3.

de Ragman. 51 Hen. 3. St. 1. - Temp, incert. Assisa Pants

7 Ed. 1. 8tat.de VirieRelig. 7 Ed. 1. St. 2. et Cervisie.

12 Ed. 1. Stat. Rothlan 10 Ed. 1. 51 Hen. 3. St. 2. - Temp, incert. Dies Com-

r 13 Ed. 1. St. 4. munes de Banco.

13 Ed. 1. Stat. Circ.J Temp, incert. Ar- 51 Hen. 3. St. 3. - Temp, incert. Dies Com-

Agatis -1 ticles against the munes de Dote.

I King9 8 Prohibitions. 51 Hen. 3. St. 4. - Temp, incert. The part of

18 Ed. 1. Stat. d*ni R. de 18 Ed. 1. St. 1. Quia Lee Estatuz del Eschekere

Vria, Ac. emptores terr. bet" cc. 13 A 14, viz., distr9

18 Ed. 1. Stat. de Consult. 24 Ed. 1. sc9 ct*.

20 Ed. 1. De bred de Temp, incert. Stat. 51 Hen. 3. St. 5. - Temp, incert. Les Estatuz

Inqnis., Ac. de brevi de inquis del Eschekere, except the

1 Ac. part above mentioned.

20 Ed. 1. De Inqnis. non 34 Ed. 1. St. 3. c.l. cc. 1, 2.

etttoc., Ac. c.2. c. 3.

21 Ed. 1. Stat. de Justic. Temp, incert. Stat. -c.3. cc. 4, 5.

A trig. de Justic. Assig. c.4.; c. 6.

23 Ed. 1. Stat. de Frang. 1 Ed. 2. St. 2. c. 5. . cc. 7-9.1

Prif. c. 6. c. 10.

25 Ed. 1. Magna Carta 9 Hen. 3. c.7. cc. 11-13, A part of

25 Ed. 1. Carta de Foresta 9 Hen. 3. c.' 14.

25 Ed. 1. Confirmatio Car- 25 Ed. 1. St. 1. c. 8. , c. 14, residue, A c. 15.

teentm. c. 9. cc. 16-18.

15 Ed. 1. Pardon to H. de Not printed. c. 10. - c. 19.

JBokssn and others. * 51 Hen. 3. St. 6. - Temp, incert. Judic. Pil-

B5 JBcL 1. Stat. de TaUag. - 34 Ed. 1. St. 4. lorie.

Wk Ed. 1. Sent, lata. 25 Ed. 1. St. 2. 51 Hen. 3. (App.) - 51 A 52 Hen. 3. Diet. de

15 Ed. 1. Or din. de Consp. 33 Ed. 1. St. 2. Kenilw.

Ed. 1. 35 Ed. 1. St. 1. 4 Ed. 1. St. 1. Temp, incert. Extenta

|Ed2. . . . . Not printed. Manerii.

\ WUL 2. 2 Ed: 2. 6 Ed. 1. A Statute Not printed; see note, p. 45,

Ed 2. Not minted. of Quo Warranto. vol. 1.

lEM* 2. Stat. sup. Aport. 7 E<f 1. St. 1. 7 Ed. 1. St. 1. 7 Ed. 2. Stat. sup. Aport.

Arm.

t edition of Rnffhead referred to throughout is that by Seij. Runningfcon, 1786. wre the year is the same in both editions a slight difference in the titles or otherwise is not usually I as a variance.

c 2

TABLE OF VARIANCES — continued.

Arranged in the order of the Statutes

of the Realm. Arranged in the order of Rimhead's edition.

Statutes of the Realm. Ruffhead's edition. RuiFhead's edition. Statutes of the Realm.

25 Hen. 8. cc. 23-34. 25 Hen. 8. cc. 1-5, 7, 6, 3 Cha. 1. 3 Cha. 1.

- 8, 12, 9-11. Pr. part preced* c. 1. c. 1.

26 Hen. 8. ec. 20-26. 26 Hen. 8. cc. 1-7. Pr. cc. 1-7. - , cc. 2-8.

27 Hen. 8. - 27 Hen. 8. 13 & 14 Cha. 2. - 1 14 Cha. 2.

cc. 29-59. - cc. 35 (or 1), 2-31. Pr. 18 Cha. 2. cc. 1-5. 18 & 19 Cha. 2. cc. 1-5.

c. 60. - not printed. 19 Cha. 2. cc. 1-8. cc. 6-13.

cc. 61-63. - cc. 32-34. Pr. cc. 9-13. 19 & 20 Cha. 2. cc. 1-5.

28 Hen. 8. cc. 18-52. 28 Hen. 8. cc. 1-36. Pr. 20 Cha. 2. cc. 1-8. cc. 6-13.

32 Hen. 8. c. 51. - - 32 Hen. 8. c. 12. Pr.

34 & 35 Hen. 8.cc.27,28. | Not printed.

1 Eliz. oc. 23, 24. - - 1 Eliz. cc. 1, 20. Pr.

5 Eliz. c. 30. 5 Eliz. c. 31.

c. 31. - c. 30.

c. 32. - c. 1. Pr.

8 Eliz. c. 18. - 8 Eliz. c. 19.

c. 19. - c. 18.

cc. 21, 22. cc. 4, 13. Pr.

23 Eliz. c. 17. 23 Eliz. c. 12. Pr.

27 Eliz. c. 31. -; 27 Eliz. c. 17. Pr.

1 Ja. 1. -3 Cha. 1. - 2 ^vulgo 1] Ja- 1*

c. 1. - part preced* c. 1.

cc. 2-8. - cc. 1-7.

16 Cha. 1. c. 38. - 16 Cha. 1. c. 1. Pr.

14 Cha. 2. - 13 & 14 Cha. 2.

18 & 19 Cha. 2. cc. 1-5. - 18 Cha. 2. cc. 1-5.

cc. 6-13. i 19 Cha. 2. cc. 1-8.

19 & 20 Cha. 2. cc. 1-5. - cc. 9 — 13.

cc. 6-13. 20 Cha. 2. cc. 1-8.

22 Cha. 2. c. 14. - 22 Cha. 2. c. 15. Pr.

22 & 23 Cha. 2. c. 27. - 22 & 23 Cha. 2. c. 18. Pr. '

xxxix

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE,

FOR THE PERIOD COMPRISED IN THIS VOLUME.

xli

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE,

ARRANGED IN THE ORDER OF THE STATUTES OF THE REALM,

FOR THE PERIOD COMPRISED IN THIS VOLUME.

(*) The chapters from 7 to 11. follow the numbering of the translation

(') 14 Hen. 3., Ruff. (>) 38 Hen. 3., Ruff. (4) 21 Hen. 3., Ruff.

(5) Not in Ruff.

(6) 51 Hen. 3., Ruff. (App.).

(7) In this order in the Statutes of the Realm.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

20 Hem. 3. Stat.

Merton.

c. 1. Recovery of damages on writ of dower - ..... 2

c. 2. Beauest by dowress of emblements Reaisseisin - . . . _ 2

c. 3. - Rep, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.4. Approvement of common - . 2

c. 6. cc. 6, 7- (') - Usury -Wardship :i \ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. () - Limitation of writs -j I

c. 9. O - Special bastardy - ..... 4

c. 10. (1) - Suit of court by attorney - . . _ _ 4

c. 11. (») - Trespassers in parks -

20 Hen. 3. (*) Stat. Coparceners -

Htb. de Coker. 37 Hen. 3. (3) 5«i- Curse on breakers of the charters > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

tentia Bxcom.

40 Hen. 3. (<) De Extra day in leap year . .... 4

itmo Bisext.

43 Hen. 3. Provi- Suit of court, &c. -1 1

sions. (6) 51 & 52 Hen. 3. (fl) Diet, de Kenilw. 52 Hen. 3. Slot. Rights, liberties, &c. i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Mar lb.

cc. 1-4. Distress - - . 7,8

c. 5. Confirmation of Great Charter & .... , 9

Charter of the Forest.

i K . So Wardship ... Redisseisin Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.9. Suit of court - - - - - - - 9

c. 10. Sheriffs' turns . \ ..... 12

c. 11. Beaupleader "I

c. 12. Real actions _ 1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. Essoins - -J

c. 14. Juries - . Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

c. 15. Distress - - ..... 12

c. 16. Wardship, &c. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 17. Guardians in socage - ..... 13

c. 18. Amercement - . 13

c. 20. (?) - Essoin - - ..... 13

c. 19. (7) - Plea of false judgment - - 13

c. 21 Replevin - - - 14

c. 22. Freeholders - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 23. Remedy against accountants " .... 14

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

52 Hen. 3. St at. 1 1 l

Marlb. (cont.) i

c. 24. Inquest - - 1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 25. Murder - - 1 Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 26. c. 27. Real actions - -Benefit of clergy i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

. c. 28. Remedy of prelates for wrongs done to I - - - - - 14

c. 29. predecessors & during vacancy. 1

Real actions - - N

3 Ed. 1. Stat.Westm prim. c. 1. . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Peace of the church & realm

c. 2. Benefit of clergy Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 3. c. 4. Escapes -Wreck - :} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. Freedom of election - 16

c. 6. Amercements - - - - 16

c. 7. Purveyance - - -1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. I

c. 8. Beaupleader -J 16

c. 9. Pursuit of felons - - -

c. 10. Coroners - - - - i *7

c. 11. Inquests of murder - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 12. Standing mute - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. Rape - - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 14. Principal & accessory - - , - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 18

c. 15. - , Bailing of prisoners ' - -

c. 16. Distress - - - - - - 20

c. 17. c. 18. Distress -Fines on the county :} Rep., Stat. L*uv Rev. Act, 1863. 20

c. 19. - j Crown debts - - -

c. 20. Trespassers in parks & ponds - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1. 21

c. 21. Keeping of lands during wardship & of -

I 1 church temporalities during vacation.

c. 22. -; c. 23. Wardship - Distress for debt against strangers :} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 21

c. 24. . - Unlawful disseisin by officers of the -

crown.

c. 25. Champerty - - - 22

c. 26. - i Extortion by officers of the crown - . - 22

c. 27. Extortion - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 22

c. 28. Maintenance _ -----

c. 29. Deceits by pleaders - — " 22

c. 30. Extortion - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 23

c. 31. Tolls in markets & murage - - - - -

c. 32. c. 33. Purveyance: Crown debts Barretors Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 24

c. 34. Slander - -

c. 35. Excess of jurisdiction in franchises - . 24

c. 36. Aids for knighthood, &c. Disseisin with robbery, &c.

c. 37.

c. 38. - . Attaints in real actions - 1

c. 39. . | Limitation of prescription -

c. 40. Voucher to warranty -

c. 41. cc. 42-44. - Writ of right Essoins - Rev., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 45. Process - -

c. 46. Order of hearing pleas -

c. 47. Real actions .

c. 48. Lands in ward _

c. 49. Plea in dower - 24

c. 50. Saving for the Crown .

c. 51. Times oftaking certain assises " Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 1

xliii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued. * (*)

(') In Ruff, placed among the Statutes of uncertain date.

(*) From " Cum prelatz.

(3) This chapter in Ruff, includes the last par. of this Statute.

(4) St. 2., Ruff.

(6) 10 Edw. L, Ruff.

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. « Page.

4 Edw. 1. Offic. The office of the coroner 25

Coronatoris. 4 Edw. 1. Stat. de Real actions, &c.

Bigamis.

4 Edw. 1. Stat. Rageman. (') 6 Edw. 1. Stat. Glouc. Justices of oyer & terminer " > * Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

part preced* c. 1. (*) Franchises - 30

c. 1. Recovery of damages & costs - -

cc. 2-4. Real actions - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 31

c. 5. Action of waste _ _

cc. 6, 7. Real actions - - _ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 31

c. 8. Pleas of trespass - -

c. 9. Homicide

c. 10. Essoins ...

cc. 11-14. - Real actions, &c.

c. 15. (8) - Breach of assise in London - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

6 Edw. 1. Exposition of the Statute of Gloucester. 7 Edw. 1. Stat. de Damages, real actions. See. '

Mortmain ... . - 33

Viris Relig. (*)

9 Edw. 1. Artie. Voucher to warranty in London

Stat. Glouc. 11 Edw. 1. Stat. de Recovery of debts by statute merchant Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Merc. 12 Edw. 1. Stat. Vales Reserved for supplemental volume.

Wallie. 12 Edw. 1. (*) Stat. Rotklan. 13 Edw. 1. Stat. Provisions made for the Exchequer - - 35

Westm. sec. 41

c. 1. Estates tail - -

c. 2. Replevins - - - - - - - - 43

cc. 3, 4. Real actions - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 46

c. 5. Recovery of advowsons Real actions - - -

cc. 6-9. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 50

c. 10. Time for delivery of writs: Suing by -

attorney. Rep., 32 & 33 Vict. c. 83. s. 20.

c. 11. Accountants -

c. 12. Appeal of felony - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 52

c. 13. Sheriffs' turns, &c. - -

c. 14. Waste - - - - 53

c. 15. Suit of infant by next friend - - 53

c. 16. c. 17. Wardship -Essoin - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 53

c. 18. Execution by fieri facias or elegit - |

c. 19. Payment of debts of intestate - - 54

cc. 20,21. - Real actions - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 54

c. 22. Waste - - -

c. 23. Action of account by executors - - 55

cc. 24-26. - Real actions - "1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2f. Essoins - -\

c. 28. Real actions -J 55

c. 29. - Commissions of oyer & terminer, &c. - -

c. 30. Justices of assise - - - 55

c. 31. Bills of exceptions - - - 57

c. 32. Mortmain - - . - - - 58

c. 33. Forfeiture of lands - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE-^con^wtt^rf,

(*) 13 Edw. I. St. 4. & Temp, incert. Articles against the King9s Prohibitions, Ruff.

(*) 18 Edw. 1. St. 1. Quia emptores terr., Ruff. (5) 34 Edw. 1. St. 3., Ruff.

(*) 24 Edw. 1., Ruff. (6) 1 Edw. 2. St. 2., Ruff.

(4) In Ruff, placed among the Statutes of uncertain date.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

13 Edw. 1. Stat.

fVestm. sec. (cont.) .

c. 34. Forfeiture of dower, &c. . 59

c. 35. Taking away of a ward " - - r - 60

c. 36. Abuse of powers of inferior courts - 63

c. 37. Distress - 63

c. 38. Juries - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 39. Execution - - - 64

c. 40. Real actions - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 41. Alienation by religious bouses, &c. Fees of the Kimps marshall & cham Rep., 19 8c 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 42. - 67

berlain.

c. 43. c. 44. Hospitallers & templars - ] Fees of officers on circuit - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 45. Execution - - - - 69

. c. 46. Approvement of common: Usurpation - 70

of common.

c. 47. Salmon preservation - Rep., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. s. 39.

c. 48. Real actions - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 49. Maintenance 8c champerty - 72

c. 50. Writs - - - - 73

13 Edw. 1. Stat. Holding of fairs & markets in church- Rep. in part, 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. 74

. Wynton. 13 EdW. 1. Stat. yards. Recovery of debts by statute merchant 8. 1. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Merc. 74

13 Edw. 1. Stat. Prohibition, where it lies to a spiritual -

Circ. Agatis. (J) , court.

13 Edw. 1. Stat. - Local.

Civitatis Land. 13 Edw. 1. Forma Form of confirmation of charters Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Confirm. Cartarum.

18 Edw. 1. Stat. d9ni

R. de t'ris, &c. (a) 77,78

cc. 1, 2. - Restraint of subinfeudation -

c.3. Mortmain - - - - 78

18 Edw. 1. Stat. de Quo. War. 18 Edw. 1. Stat. de I Quo Warranto - 79, 80

Quo. War. Nov. 18 Edw. 1. (8) Stat. J Writ of consultation 81

de Consult.

20 Edw. 1. Stat. de Voucher to warranty -

Voc. ad War.

20 Edw. 1. Stat. de Waste -

Vasto.

20 Edw. 1. Stat. de def. Juris. Real actions - - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

20 Edw. 1. De brevi Mortmain -

de Inquis., &c. (4) 20 Edw. 1. De In- Mortmain

qids. non alloc,8cc.(6) Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

21 Edw. 1. Stat. de Trespassers in forests, &c.

Mai. in Parcis. 82

21 Edw. 1. Stat. de Justices of assise - -

Jus tic. Assig. (4) Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

21 Edw. 1. Stat. de Juror s - - -

Hits q9debent poni. 83

23 Edw. 1. (6) Stat. Prison breaking - -

de Frang. Pris. 1

xlv

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(») Not in Ruff.

(4) 34 Edw. 1. St. 4., Ruff.

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

26 Edw. l.(') Mag.

na Carta,

c. 1. Confirmation of liberties - 85

c. 2. Reliefs -

cc. 3, 4. Wardships - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.5. Lands in ward & temporalities of >

vacant archbishoprics, &c.

c. 6. Marriage of heirs - -

c.7. Widow's rights - - * 85,

c. 8. Crown debt - - 86

c. 9. Confirmation of liberties - 86

c. 10. Distress ... - 87

c. 11. Common pleas - - 87

c. 12. Assises - - 87

c. 13. Assises of darrein presentment Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. Amercements of freemen & others - - - 87

c. 15. Liability to make bridges - - 88

c. 16. Obstructing of fivers - - 88

c: 17. Pleas of the crown, - - 88

c. 18. Crown debt - . .... 88

c. 19. Purveyance - - - "1 Rep., Slat. Law Rev. Act* 1863.

c. 20. Castle ward -

c. 21. Purveyance - - - J 1

c. 22. - Forfeiture to the crown for felony . . - 88

c. 23. Suppression of wears - . 88

c. 24. Writ of praecipe - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 25. Measures & weights - _ 89

c. 26.. Criminal writs - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 27. c. 28. Wardship Wager of law - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 29. Criminal & civil justice i . 89

c. 30. Treatment of foreign merchants 1 . 89

c. 31. Baronies escheated to the crown - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 32. Restraint on alienation of land . . . . . 89

c. 33. c. 34. Custody of vacant abbeys -Appeal of death - \ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 35. County court: Sheriff's turn: View . 90

c. 36. of frankpledge. Mortmain Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 37. Confirmation of customs & liberties - 90

25 Edw. 1 (x) Carta de Foresta. Forest Reserved for supplemental volume.

25 Edw. 1. Confir- Confirmation of the charters - _ 93

motto Cart arum. 25 Edw. 1: Pardon . . Personal.

to H. de Bokun and others. (*)

25 Edw. 1. (4) Stat. Restraint on taxation, purveyance, &c. - m m m m m 96

de TaUag. i

25 Edw. 1. Sent. Curse on breakers of the charters

lota. (') 27 Edw. 1. Stat.de

Fbdbus. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

enact* part pre- Confirmation of charters >

cede 1.

c. 1. Fines -

c. 2. Sheriffs - -

c. 3. Justices of assise & gaol delivery 99

c. 4. Nisi prius - ----- 100

(») 9 Hen. 3., Ruff. (*) St. 1., Ruff.

(s) St. 2., Ruff.

xlvi

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE —

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

27 Edw. 1. Or din. Amortizing of lands: Purchasing of 101

de Lib. perq. 27 Edw. 1. St at. de falsa Monet a. 28 Edw. 1. Artie. lands & liberties: Attorneys. Importation & exportation of coin, &c. Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. 1. '

sup. Cart.

c. 1. c.2. Confirmation of charters - - \ Purveyance - - - j Jurisdiction of steward & marshal of Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. - 103

the Queen's household & of coroners.

c. 4. Common Pleas - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. Chancery & Queen's Bench Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 6. Common law writs - - 105

c.7. Constable of Dover castle - - - T

c. 8. Sheriffs' election - - - i- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. Juries - - - -J

c. 10. Embracery, &c. i 105

c. 11. Champerty ... - 105

c. 12. Distress for crown debt - - 106

c. 13. Election of sheriff - - - 107

c. 14. c. 15. Farming of bailiwicks, &c. - Real actions - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. False returns to writs - - 107

c. 17. c. 18. Observance of Statute of Winchester - \ Wardship - - - j Rep. Stat. Law. Rev. Act, 1863. 107

c. 1.9. Restoration of issues of lands seised for -

the crown.

c. 20. Saving of the King's prerogative - 107

28 Edw. 1. Stat. de Appellatis. 29 Edw. 1. Stat. de Appeals by provors in prison Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Restoration of lands seised for the - 108

Escaetoribus. crown with the issues.

33 Edw. 1. Ordin: de Challenge of jurors - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

Inquis. 33 Edw. 1. Ordin. Forest - Reserved for supplemental volume.

Foreste. 33 Edw. 1. Ordin. de Conspiracy: Maintenance & champerty 111

Consp. (*) Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 112

34 Edw.^1. Stat. de Prohibition - -

conj. Feoffatis.

34 Edw. 1. Ordin. Foreste. 35 Edw. 1. Stat. Forest - Abbeys & alien superiors Reserved for supplemental volume.

Karl. (2)

2 Edw. 2. De prisis injusf. (*) 3 Edw. 2 (4) Stat. Observance of 3 Edw. 1. c. 1. - I Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Observance of certain articles of

apud Staunford. 5 Edw. 2. Les nov. 28 Edw. 1. Artie, sup. Cart. Franchises of the Church, &c.- Rep., 15 Edw. 2. (16 Edw. 2.,

Ord. (*) 7 Edw. 2. nit Ruff.) Revoc. nov. Ord.

molester. 7 Edw. 2. Ne quis i. . . - . . . Personal.

occasionet'. J 113

7 Edw. 2. Stat. sup. Aport. i4rm. (6) 9 Edw. 2. St.l. Ar/ic. Parliament -

Cleri. 116,116

cc. 1-3. - Prohibition - - - .

c. 4. Prohibition - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 116

c. 5. Prohibition -

(') St. 2., Ruff. (») Not in Ruff. (s) 7 Edw. 1. St. 1., Ruff,

c*) St. 1., Ruff. (4) 2 Ed*. 2., Ruff.

xlvii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(l) This chapter in Ruff, includes the last par. of this statute.

(') 3 Edw. 2., Ruff.

(*) 16 Edw. 2., Stat. revoking an establishment, &c., Ruff.

(4) 17 Edw. 1., Ruff.

(*) St 3., Ruff.

(*)51 Hen. 3. Sts. 4, 5., Huff.

(7) The following words in c. (or s.) 7. of (8) 51 Hen. 3. St. 4., Ruff. St. 5., Ruff.: — " and the treasurer () 51 Hen. 3. St. 1., Ruff, and barons of the Exchequer shall be (18) 51 Hen. 3. St. 6., Ruff, charged by oath, that they shall not attend to near the pleas or matters of other men, while they have to do with the King's business, if it be not a matter that concemeth the King's own debt."

Tear, statute and chapter. 1 i l Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

9 Edw. 2. St. 1. Artie} 1 I

Cleri. (cont.) I

c. 6. Jurisdiction of King's court jointly - . 116

with the spiritual. [

c. 7. Excommunication 1 i 117

c. 8. Residence on benefice - 117

c. 9. Distresses on the clergy _ . i 117

c. 10. i Privilege of sanctuary, &c. -i j Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. I i

c. 11. Corodies, &c. - 4 1

c. 12. Excommunication -J 1

c. 13. Clergy - m — % m m , i ns

c. 14. Church ' - . - 118

c. 15. c. 16. (') -9 Edw. 2. St. 2. Stat. Privilege of sanctuary Privilege of clergy Appointment of sheriffs: Keeping :} of Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. i 119

Lincoln9 de Vtc, 10 Edw. 2. (2) Pro Clero. 12 Edw. 2. Stat. Ebor. hundreds. Purveyance on the Clergy > -j Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 1

o. 1. Real actions - .

c.2. Inquests - i 122

cc. 3, 4. Nisi prius - - i

c. 5. Return of writs in liberties _ i * 123

c. 6. Assise of wine. Sec. _ l Rep., 7 & 8 Vict c. 24. s. 2.

14 Edw. 2. - 15 Edw. 2. Exilium Sheriffs: Juries - i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. j 1

H. le Despenter, &c. 15 Edw. 2. Stat,' I Personal. i i i

revoking the pardon, &c. i

15 Edw. 2. (*) Revoc. Revocation of certain ordinances - Reserved for supplemental volume.

nov. Ord. 16 Edw. 2. Stat. de Estreats i

forma mittendiEx-tractas, &c. > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

17 Edw. 2. St. 1. («) Ireland - - r

pro Hi5. 1/Edw. 2. St. 2. (5) - Private.

De terris Templar,

Stats, of uncertain

date.

Let Estatuz del Accounts of sheriff & others, &c. . Rep., except c. 12. (7) and the

Esckekere. (8) provisions, Distr9 scfcii.(8) betn cc. 13 & 14., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. (7) - Exchequer court - 124

provisions, Distr9 Distress - - - | 125

te'eii. (8) betn cc. 13 & 14. ' |

djftsa Pants et Assise of bread & ale - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Cervisie. (9) t

Jodie. Pillorie. (le) ) Sale of bread, meat, wine, ale, &c. - Rep., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 24. s. 2. (

xlviii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

?) 31 Edw. 1., Ruff.

?) 33 Edw. 1. St. 6., Ruff.

?) 51 Hen. 3. St. 2., Ruff.

(*) 61 Hen. 3. St. 3., Ruff.

(6) 14 Edw. 1. Stat. Exon. &

Art. Stat. Exon., Ruff. () Not in Ruff.

(7) 18 Edw. 1. St. 4., Ruff.

(8) 16 Edw. 2., Ruff.

(l8) cc. 4-6., Ruff. (") c. 7., Ruff.

(») c. 8., Ruff.

(*) c. 9., Ruff.

(") c. 10., Ruff.

c. 11., Ruff. (*) c. 12., Ruff. (*) c. 13., Ruff. (*) c. 14., Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

Stats, of uncertain i

' date (cont.)

Stat. de Pistoribus. Toll at a mill - . _ , 127

Assisa de Pond, et Weights & measures -

Mens. (!)

De dimiss. [sen div.-\ Currency of halfpence & farthings

denariorum.

Stat. de Admens. Size of an acre -

' Terre. (?)

Compos. Uln.fy Pert. Size of inch, foot, yard, perch, acre -

Dies Communes de General days in bank -

Banco. (8)

Dies Communes de Dote. (*) General days in dower > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Prohibitto formata, Jurisdiction of ecclesiastical courts -

&c.

LesEstatuz de Exces- Inquests -

tre. f")

Stat. sup. Vic. A* Sheriffs & their clerks -

Cfer. (*)

Modus Levandi Levying of fines -

Pines. (?)

Stat.defin. 8f attorn.(?) Levying of fines: Attorneys

Stat. de Consp. () - Conspiracy: Maintenance & champerty - 127

S/a/. de Protec. (10) Protections

Jfod. calump. Es- Essoins - -

*o»\(n) > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Sfaf. de tdeu #Ve, &c. View of land, essoin -

Stat.deMag.Ass.Jkc. Battle, grand assize

Stat! de Moneta. (12) ]

Sfaf. de Moneta par- > Importation of money: Clipped money Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. 1.

vum. (ia) J

Stat. de ten. p9 legem Tenant by the curtesy - - - - 129

Angl.

Ne Rect.prost.Arb.(u) Trees in churchyards - - - 130

Les Estatuz de la Jews - Rep., 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. s. 1.

Jeuerie(li)

Stat. de.Gaveleto.Q6) Recovery of rents, London - , Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Consuetudines Can- Customs of Kent - Reserved for supplemental volume.

tiae. (8)

Prerogative Regis. (17)

cc. 1, 2. Wardship

c. 3. Primer seisin . - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 4-8. (18) - Tenure in capite -

c. 9. n Serjeanties - - -

c. 10. H - Presentation to benefice - - - 131

c. 11. («) - Lands of idiots - - 132

c. 12.(») - Lands of lunatics - - - 132

c. 13. (a) - Wreck of the sea: Whales & sturgeons - 132

c. 14. H -c. 15. (*) - Escheat - - - -1 Tenure in capite - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16.(«) - Escheat - i i 132

() 33 Edw. 1. St. 3., Ruff.

H 33 Edw. 1. St. L, Ruff.

(n) 12 Edw. 2. St. 2., Ruff.

(M) 20 Edw. 1. Sts. 4, 6., Ruff. (") 20 Edw. 1. St. 5., Ruff.

(") 35 Edw. 1. St. 2., Ruff.

(l5) Stat. de Judeismo., Ruff. (,#) 10 Edw. 2., Ruff.

(* *) 17 Edw. 2. St. 1., Ruff.

xlix

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

P) c. 15., Ruff.

(*) c. 16., Ruff.

(») 17 Edw. 2. St. 2., Ruff.

C) 28 Edw. 1. St. 1., Ruff.

<*) 1 Edw. 2. St. 1., Ruff.

(*) ArticuH et Smcramenta, &c., Ruff.

(7) Inclusive of the part headed

" Inciviunt Capitula Nova," &c. No part of this instrument is in Ruff.

(8) Not in Ruff.

() 4 Edw. 1. St. 1., Ruff.

(") 34 Edw. 1. St. 2., Ruff.

(") 18 Edw. 2., Ruff.

(ll) 34 Edw. 1., Ruff.

(I3) This chapter in Ruff, includes the date of this statute.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

Stats, of uncertain

date (cont.) Prerogativa Regis, '

(cont.)

c. 17 (') - Crown grants - . - i 133

c. 18 (*) - Forfeiture of goods & lands of felons - ..... 133

Modus foe, horn, Fealty - - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 134 -

&C.(J) 1863.

Stat.de Ward',See. (4) Guardian, ward & relief- - . ..... . 135

St at Me resp.Milit, (*) Respiting of knighthood Forfeiture of goods & lands of felons - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 136

De Catallis Felonum .

Slot. Armorum Tournaments.

Stat. de Sacr, Mi,' Oaths of the King's officers in tEe eyre

JkM*) CapUula Itineris.(7) Inquiries by justices in eyre - _ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

CapUulaEscaetrie.f) Inquiries by escheators -

Extenta Manerii. () Survey of manors, &c.

Assisa de Foresta - Forest - - - - Reserved for supplemental volume.

Artie. Inquis. sup. Stat. Wynton. (10) Inquiry as to observance of Statute of Winchester. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Fines Francipleg.(n) he S'ement au Vis- View of frankpledge Oath of the sheriff .... . 188

coute. (M)

Forma Juramenti Ulor\ &c.(8) Juramenty'Ep'or' (8) Oath of the King's council > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Oath of bishops .

Juramentum Escae- Oath of escheators - - * .

torum.f8) Juramentum Ma- Oath of mayors & bailiffs - - Reserved for supplementalvolume.

jorum dr BalH-

fforum.(*)

AbjuratioSfJuramen- Abjuration & oath of thieves, &c. - Itep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

twn LatronumA)

1 Edw. 3. St. 1.

cc. 1 — 3. ..... . Personal.

c. 4. c. 6. Writ of false judgment False returns of bailiffs of liberties - - 141 141

c. 6. c.7. , _ c.8.(«) - Attaint - Appeal by prisoners *-Offences in forests -1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

I Edw. 3. St. 2.

c. 1. Confirmation of charters, &c. - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. Forest - - Rej). in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 142

c. 3. King's pardon -

c. 4. Crown debts - - -

c. 5. c.6. Military service Taxation ... > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.7. Conveyance of soldiers Beauple&der ...

c. 8. 142

c. 9. Confirmation of franchises of cities, &c.

c. 10. Corodies, &c. - - - -1 i

c. 11. Prohibition - - - . 1 \ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 12, 13. - Tenure in capite, &c. -J i 142

c. 14.* Maintenance -

c. 15. Military service - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 142

c. 16. Justices of the peace - .

c. 17- Indictments - - - - 143

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

2 Edw. 3. ' _

c. 1. Confirmation of charters Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. Justices of assise & gaol delivery . 144

c. 3. cc. 4, 5. Riding or going armed Sheriffs - : 144 145,146

c. 6. c.7. Confirmation of statutes, &c. - - \ Inquiry of past felonies, &c. - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 146

c. 8. Commands in delay of justice - .

c. 9. The staples - - -1 1

c. 10. Pardon of fines Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. Common bench - - - J I

c. 12. Annexing of hundreds & wapentakes . 147

to counties.

c. 13. Process for past trespasses Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. Measure, &c. of cloths imported Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1. (see

local savings).

c. 15. Keeping of fairs - . 147

c. 16. Nisi prius - . - - 148

c. 17. Writ of deceit - - -1

4 Edw. 3. i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. Confirmation of charters & statutes - J i 149

c.2. Justices of assise & gaol delivery: -

Justices of the peace.

cc. 3,4. Purveyance - - - ] i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. Pardon of fines, &c. \

c. 6. Confirmation of 35 Edw. 1. St at. Karl. J I /

c.7. Action by executors - 150

c. 8. Passages at the ports -Qualification of sheriffs, &c. - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 9. - 150

c. 10. Receipt of offenders by sheriffs, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

G. 11. Justices of assise ... - .... 150

c. 12. Assay, &c. of wines -

c. 13. Pardons - '

c. 14. Parliament ....

c. 15. 5 Edw. 3. Farming of hundreds by sheriffs > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. Confirmation of charters

c.2. Purveyance, marshalsea

c. 3. Confirmation of 35 Edw. 1. St at. Karl. '

c. 4. Qualification of sheriffs, &c. - .... 152

c. 5. Sale of wares after close of fair .... 152

cc. 6, 7. Attaints . . - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.8. Custody of prisoners by marshals of - 153

c. 9. King's Bench. Unlawful attachment, &c. forbidden - 154

c. 10. Jurors - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

. c. 11. Arrest of persons indicted, &c. .... 154

cc. 12,13. - Outlawry - ..... 155

c. 14. Arrest, &c. of night walkers, &c. Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

9 Edw. 3. St. 1. - Foreign & other merchants: Nonplevin Rep., except c. 3., Stat. Law Rev. , Act, 1863.

c. 3. Executors .... .... 156

9 Edw. 3. St. 2. - Money, gold, silver Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. 1.

10 Edw. 3. St. i; -10 Edw. 3. St. 2. - Pardons, &c. - - - -1 Purveyance, &c. - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

10 Edw. 3. St. 3. - Sumptuary law - Wool, cloth - . . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

11 Edw. 3. 14 Edw. 3. St. 1. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. Confirmation of liberties .... 158

c.2. Pardon of chattels of felons, &c. -1 i

c.3. c. 4. Pardon of crown debts - - | Engleschrie - * Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. Delays in courts -J

c. 6. Amendment of process m m w m m 168

li

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

C) Sts. 2, 3., Ruff. (*) St. 5., Ruff.

(3) This chapter in Ruff, includes the last par. of this statute.



18 Edw. 3. St. 4., Ruff. 18 Edw. 3. St. 5., Ruff.

d 2

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. I Reason for total or partial -omission. Page.

14 Edw. 3. St. 1.

(cont) 158

c. 7. Appointment annually of sheriffs .

c.8. Escheators & coroners - 159

c. 9. ' Annexing of hundreds & wapentakes - 159

to counties.

c. 10. Custody of gaols, &c. - O

c. 11. c. 12. Clerks of statutes merchant - - 1 Measures & weights - - * - f Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. Tenure in capite - - - J

c. 14. Petition of right - N 161

c. 15. Pardon for felony - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. Nisi prius - * . 162

cc. 17,18. - Real actions - * -

c. 19. Purveyance

c. 20. Taxation - - - - V Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 21. Taxation, &c. - - - 1

14 Edw. 3. St. 2.(i) Taxation, &c. -J

14 Edw: 3. St. 3. ('*) Denial of subjection of England to Reserved for supplementalvolume.

Kings of France.

14 Edw. 3. St. 4. - Purveyance: Presentation to Church: Bishop's temporalities. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

15 Edw. 3. St. 1. - Trial of peers, &c. - Rep., 15 Edw. 3. St. 2.

15 Edw. 3. St. 2. -15 Edw. 3. St. 3. - Repeal of 15 Edw. 3. St. 1. - -\ Subsidy - - - j Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

17 Edw. 3. Money, silver - Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. 1.

18 Edw. 3. St. 1. -18 Edw. 3. St. 2. Exigent - ----- 165

part pieced* c. 1. Taxation .... W 167

c. 1. Commissions of new inquiries - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.2. c.3. c. 4. Justices of the peace Freedom of traae - - - \ Weights & measures - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 168

c. 5. Exigent - ^68

c. 6. c.7. Currency - - -\ Confirmation of statutes, &c. - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 18637

18 Edw. 3. St. 3.

c. 1. Exemption of prelates from secular - 168

jurisdiction.

c. 2. Bigamy - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 3. Purchase of lands in mortmain - - - - 170

c. 4. Purveyance - Prohibition ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - - - 170

c. 6. c. 7. (*) - Spiritual jurisdiction - - -"1 Scire facias for tithes - -J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

20 Edw. 3. Ordi-

nance for the Justices.

c. 1. Administration of justice, &c. 171

c. 2. Administration of justice by barons of - 172

Exchequer. 172

c. 3. Oath of justices of oyer & terminer, &c.

c. 4. Maintenance ... - 172

c.5. Maintenance ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.6. Duties of justices of assise, &c. - - 173

20 Edw. 3. (4) Oath Oath of justices of the bench - -1

of the Justices. 20 Edw. 3. (5) Oath of the: Clerks of Chancery. Chancery oath - - - > ] Reserved for supplemental volume. I

lii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(') St. 2., Ruff. C) St. 1., Ruff.

(3) St. 4., Ruff. (A) St. 6., Ruff.

(*) St, 3., Ruff.

(6) Thus follows 25 Edw. 3. St. 3., Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial - omission. Page.

23 Edw. 3. Labourers, artificers, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

25 Edw. 3. St. 1. (») Status of children born abroad of m m * m. m 175

English parents, &c.

25 Edw. 3. St. 2. (*) Labourers, artificers, &c. - - *1

25 Edw. 3. St. 3. Aulneger: Foreign & other mer- k Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

chants: Forestalling: Wears - J

25 Edw. 3. St. 4. («) 25 Edw. 3. St. 5. Provisors of benefices - " " * " " 177

c. 1. Purveyance - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. Treason - -. - 185

c. 3. Challenge of jurors . 187

c. 4. Criminsd & civil justice . 187

c. 5. Executors of executors > . 188

c. 6. Purveyance - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. Exactions by keepers of forests, &c. - 188-

c.8. Finding of men at arms -

c. 9. Weights

c. 10. c. 11. Measures - - - - I Aids - - - - [ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. Exchange of gold & silver

c. 13. Gold & silver coin

c. 14. Process on indictment for felony 188

c. 15. c. 16. Purveyance - - - - \ Real actions - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 17. c. 18. Process of exigent -Villainage - - O Crown debtors - - - 1 Coinage - - - f Rep., 32 & 33 Vict. c. 83. s. 20.

c. 19. c. 20. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 21. Purveyance - - - -J

c. 22. Provisors - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 23. Lombards - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

25 Edw. 3. St. 6. (5)

c. 1. Confirmation of privileges of clergy, &c. - 190

c.2. Repeal of 14 Edw. 3. St. 4. c. 2. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.3. Presentations to benefices by the King - 190

cc. 4, 5. Benefit of clergy - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c.6. Temporalities of prelates Rep., Stat Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. . - Right to counterplead King's title to - 191

s a benefice lapsed.

c.8. Cognizance of avoidance of benefices - ..... 192

c.9. Indictments of ordinaries for extortion . 192

25 Edw. 3. St. 7. -25 Edw. 3. Artie, p. Clero resp. (6) 27 Edw. 3. St. 1. Fines of labourers: Subsidy - O Benefit of clergy - - - V Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. Annullers of judgments of the King's . 193

court.

c.2. Pardon of felony - . 195

c. 3. - Regrators ... Rep., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 24. s. 2

c. 4. Cloths - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act 1863.

c. 5. * - Forestalled Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1.

c. 6.^ Importation of wine ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act 1863.

c. 7. Buying of wines - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1.

c. 8* Gauging of wines , Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1. (see

local saving).

27 Edw. 3. St. 2. - Staple: Merchant strangers: Money - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

27 Edw. 3. Ordin. de Fees of mayors, &c. of staples Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

feodis Majorum.

liii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE —

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

28 Edw. 3. / .

c. 1. Confirmation of charters, &c. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.2. Annexation of lords of matches of - 196

Wales to Crown.

c. 3. Civil & criminal justice - 196

c. 4. c. 5. Tenure in capite - - -\ Exportation of iron - * - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. Election of coroners - ..... 196

c. / Yearly removal of sheriffs from office - . 197

c.8. Attaint - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. Prohibition of commissions to sheriffs . 197

for taking inquests to indict. _

c. 10. Misprisions in cities & boroughs - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 11. Confirmation, &c. of 13 Edw. 1. Statr\

Wynton. cc. 1, 2. - - - I

c. 12. Purveyance - - - ^ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. Confirmation, &c. of 27 Edw. 3. St. 2. |

c. 14. ' c. 15. The staple - - - -J The staple - Rep, 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

31 Edw. 3. St. 1.

c. I. Confirmation of charters. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. Abatement of price of wool by covin: Sale by standard weights. . . 198

c. 3. Discharge of estreats of felons goods - - 199

c. 4. Probate of testaments r Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1. (see

c. 5. Wine load saving). Rep. in qualified terms, 5 Geo. 4. c. 74. s. 23. (& see s. 25.).

c. 6. Franchises - - - -]

c.7. The statute of labourers: The staple - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Wool -J

c. 9. Wool - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

c. 10. Defaults of victuallers in London Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. Administration upon intestacy - - 199

c. 12. c. 13. Exchequer chamber - - - *1 Pardon: Taxation - -/ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. Levy of escapes of thieves, &c. - - 200

c. 15. Time for holding sheriff's turn * - - - 200

31 Bdw. 3. Sts. 2,3. Fish Rep., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 24. s. 2.

31 Edw. 3. St. 4. -at Edw. 3. Ireland - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. Appointment & jurisdiction of justices - 201

of the peace, &c.

cc. 2, 3. . - Purveyance - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Juries - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

c. 5. Weights & measures - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. Measures - - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 7- Attaint - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Juries - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

cc. 9-11. Labourers - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. No forfeiture for treason of dead per- - - 202

sons not attainted in their lives.

c. 13. Inquests of escheat - - 203

c. 14. Traverse & trial of offices found - 203

before escheators.

c. 15. Confirmation of certain alienations of - - 204

lands held of the Crown.

c. 16. Fines - - - -1

cc. 17, 18- " Trade, &c. with Ireland - - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 19. Customs - - - J

c. 20. Exportation of com Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 21. Exportation of wool, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 22. Finding of hawks - - 1 Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

liv _

*CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

35 Edw. 3. 36 Edw. 3. St. 1. Herrings_ Rep., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 24. s. 2.

c. 1. Confirmation of charters, &c. - -1

cc. 2-6. Purveyance - - - - \ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. The staple - - - J

c. 8. Wages of priests - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 9. Breaches of statutes - -1

c. 10. Parliament - - - - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. Customs: Exportation - - J

c. 12. Times of holding of sessions of the - 205

peace.

c. 13. Escheators - - - 205

c. 14. Appropriation of certain fines, &c. - ]

c. 15. Pleading in English - - V Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

36 Edw. 3. St. 2. - General pardon - - - J

37 Edw. 3. Diet, apparel, &c. Rep., except c. 2., Stat. Law Rev. v Act, 1863.

c. 2. Idemptitate nominis in outlawry .... 207

38 Edw. 3., St. 1. Gold & silver: Fines: Merchants: Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Jurors, &c.

38 Edw. 3., St. 2. Obtaining citations or benefices from . . . 208

Rome.

42 Edw. 3. '

c. 1. c. 2. Confirmation of charters - -1 Confirmation of pardon - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.3. Observance of due process of law _ .... 214

c. 4. Commissions of inquiry . 214

c. 5. Escheators

c. 6. Labourers - - - - |

c. 7. Londoners - - - S Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Importation of wine

c. 9. Crown debts, &c. - -J

c. 10. Status of children born in certain places . .... 215

abroad. '

c. 11. Return of jurors' names at nisi prius - _ 215

43 Edw. 3. The staple: Trade with Gascony: Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Pardon.

45 Edw. 3. Confirmation of charters: Wears: Rep., except c. 3., Stat. Law R£V. Act, 1863.

Taxation.

c.3. Prohibition to spiritual courts in certain . 216

suits.

46 Edw. 3. (J) Disqualification of lawyers & sheriffs . 217

from being returned as knights of shires.

47 Edw. 3. Cloth: Currency - Rep., Stat. Law. Rev. Act, 1863.

50 Edw. 3. - Confirmation of liberties & charters: Rep., except c. 4., Stat. Law Rev.

Pardon: Arrest of clergy: Fraudulent conveyances: Cloth. No prohibition after consultation granted Act, 1863.

c. 4. - - 218

1 Ric. 2.

c. 1. Confirmation of charters, &c. - -1

c.2. Peace of the realm, &c. - - I Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.3. Purveyance - - - J

c. 4. JPenalties for maintenance . .... 219

c. 5. Officers of the Exchequer -

c. 6. Villain es - -

c.7. c.8. Maintenance - -Protections - - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.9. Maintenance, &c.

c. 10. Confirmation of pardons

(') Part of 46 Edw. 3., Ruff. (App.).

lv

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(*) This chapter in Ruff, includes the last par. of this Statute.

(7) c 8., Ruft

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. s Reason for total or partial omission. Pago.

1 Ric. 2. (cont.)

c. 11. - Ineligibility of sheriffs for reappoint- - 220

ment within three years.

c. 12. - Letting at large of prisoners in execu- - 220

tion, &c.

c. 13. c. 14. Suits in spiritual courts - , - Tithes \ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.15.(>) Arrest of clergy -Merchants: Confirmation of statutes* &c. Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

2 Ric. 2. St. 1. Rep., except c. 5., Stat. Law Rev. A<?t, 1863.

c. 5. _ Penalty for slandering great men - 222

2 Ric. 2. St. 2. - Riots: Fraudulent deeds, &c. - 1

3 Ric. 2. c. 1. Confirmation of liberties, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. - Assise of cloths - -- 1

c.3. - Administering or farming of benefices - 223

for aliens.

4 Ric. 2. Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s.l. (see local

c. 1. Gauging of vessels of wine, 8cc. saving). Rep. in qualified terms, 6 Geo. 4.

c. 74. s. 23. (8c see s. 25.).

c. 2. - Pardon - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

5 Ric. 2. St. 1. _ Confirmation of liberties, charters & Rep., except c. 7., (2) Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

statutes: Exportation of gold & silver: Leaving the realm, &c.

c .7.?) . Punishment for forcible entry - 227

5 Ric. 2. St. 2. - Merchant strangers: Leather: Subsidy: \ i Rep., except c. 4., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Heresy. i

c. 4. . Obedience to summons to Parliament: .... 228

Penalty on sheriffs omitting to return 1

wiits. 1

6 Ric. 2. St.l. . Confirmation of liberties, charters & i Rep., except c. 2., Stat. Law Rev.

statutes: Legal proceedings: Rape, &c. 1 Act, 1863.

c. 2. . Venue in actions of debt 8c account 1 .... 229

6 Ric. 2. St. 2. i Pardon: Purveyance: Trespass, &c. -1 | |

7 Ric. 2. c. 1. - i 1 Confirmation of liberties - - I 1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. Confirmation of statutes - -J l,

c.3. i Proceedings of juries for trespasses within the forest. .... 230

c.4. - Unlawful imprisonment by officers of i . 230

the forest. J

c- 5. _ Vagabonds - i Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 6. . Confirmation of Statute of Winchester i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. _ i Jurors - - i Rep., 6 Geo. 4., c. 50. s. 62.

c. S. Purveyance - - - -1 j

c. 9. c. 10. - Cloths - - - - - - - 1 Real actions Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. - Repeal of certain statutes - - J

c. 12. - Holding of benefices by aliens ..... 231

c. 13. - Riding armed - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. fit.

c. 14. . 1 Attorneys in writs of premunire i 232

c. 15. - Confirmation of statutes against main- - 233

tenance, &c.

e. 16. - Exportation to Scotland

c. 17- - Mainpernors - Rep.,.Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

8 Ric. 2.

c. 1. i Confirmation of liberties. See,

c- 2. - Justices of assise, &c.

c. 3. - Administration of justice , Rep., 9 Ric. 2. c. 1. 234

c. 4. - False entries of pleas, &c. - ....

Ivi

Ytar, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

8 Ric. 2. (cont.)

c. 5. . Jurisdiction of the constable & mar- .... . 235

' shal.

9 Rio. 2. . Confirmation of statutes: Legal pro-1

ceedings: Marshalsea \ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

10 Ric. 2. - Commission of inquiry into courts, &c. J -

11 Ric. 2. - Confirmation of 10 Ric. 2 .: Indemnity, Rep., except c. 10., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

t &c.

c. 10. Prohibition of delays of law by privy seal,&c. - 235

12 Ric. 2.

c. 1. - Confirmation of liberties, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. - Corrupt appointment to offices . 236

cc. 3 — 9. - Labourers: Beggars - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 10. - Justices of the peace: ^Quarter Sessions ..... 237

c. 11. . Punishment for slandering great men - ..... 238

c. 12. c. 13. Expenses of knights of shires -1 Nuisances in towns - - - I \ Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 14. . Cloths - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. . Provisors of benefices . 238

c. 16. . The staple - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

13 Ric. 2. St. 1.

c. 1. Admission of King's presentee to bene- - 239

fice.

c. 2. . Jurisdiction of the constable 8c mar- ..... 240

shal.

' c. 3. . Court of the marshalsea - -1

c. 4. . Clerk of the market of the King's I Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

house - - - J

c. 6. . Jurisdiction of the admiral & his ..... 241

deputy.

c. 6. - Serjeants at arms - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. - Qualification and oath of justices of the - 242

c. 8. m peace. Labourers' wages, &c. Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 9. c. 10. - Measure & weight - - -1 Cloths - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. m Cloths - Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 12. _ Tanners Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. . Keeping of dogs to hunt, &c. Bonds to the Crown - Rep., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

c. 14.

c. 16. . Uniting of castles & gaols to counties

c. 16. - Protections - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 17. - Real actions -

c. 18. . Attaints ...

' c. 19. . Fish - - - - Rep., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. s. 39.

c. 20. . Going beyond sea - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

13 Ric. 2. St. 2.

c. 1. . Mention of offences in charters of pardon Rep. in part, 16 Ric. 2. c. 6. 242

cc. 2, 3. . Enforcement of the Statute of Provisors - 243,263

13 Ric. 2. St. 3. . Maintenance - - - - Rep., Stat. Law-Rev. Act, 1863.

14 Ric. 2. - The staple: Trading: Customs: Money Rep., except c. 11., Stat. Law. Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. - Number of justices of the peace in coun- - 263

ties, &c.

16 Ric. 2.

c. 1. - Confirmation of statutes Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. - Enforcement of statutes concerning - 255

forcible entries.

c. 3. . Jurisdiction of admiral's court - - 266

c. 4. - Measures ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - Cases within the Statute of Mortmain - - 257

c. 6. - Provision for the poor & vicar on - m m wm 259

appropriation of benefices.

r-

t*

lvii.

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

15 Ric. 2. (cont.)

e.7. - Exportation to Berwick - ] 1

c.8. ' c. 9. Exportation of tin - - J The staple - - - - i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. . Cloths -J

c. 11. - Girdlers - Rep. 1 Ja. 1. c. 25. s. 7* (2 [vulgo 1] Ja. 1. c. 25. ss. 41, 47.,

Ruff.).

c. 12. - Private courts

16 Ric. 2.

c. 1. - Trade - - _ > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. - Confirmation, Ac. of 15 Ric. 2. c. 12.

c. 3. - Weights & measures -

c. 4. - Liveries - Rep., 3 Cha. 1. c. 5. s. 8. (c. 4.

s. 27., Ruff.).

c. 5. - Purchasing of bulls from Rome - 259

c.6. - Charters of pardon - - - - 264

17 Ric. 2.

c. 1. - Money - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. - Cloths ----- Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1. (see

. local savings).

c. 3. - Exportation of worsted Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 3.

c. 4. - Malt - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 5. - Revenue officers - - - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

c. 6. - Untrue suggestions in Chanceiy, &c. - - - 265

c. 7- - Exportation of corn - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 8. c. 9. _ Suppression of riots Rep., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. s. 39. 265

c. 10. - Gaol delivery - Rep., 19 A 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 11. . ----- Local.

c. 12. - Erroneous judgments in London Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. - ----- LocaL

. 20 Ric. 2. - - Riding armed: Liveries: Justices of

assise, &c._ -

21 Ric. 2. - - Confirmation of liberties & fran- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

chises: Repeal of 10 Ric. 2 .: Treasons, Ac.

1 Hen-4. - _ Confirmation of liberties, charters A Rep., except c. 6., Stat. Law

statutes: Indemnity: Repeal of Rev. Act, 1863.

21 Ric. 2., Ac.

c. 6. - Petitions to the King for lands, Ac. - - 267

2 Hen. 4.

c. 1. - Confirmation of liberties, Ac. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.2. - Petitions to the King for lands, &c. - 268

c. 3. - Extension of the Statute of Provisors - - 270

c. 4. - Purchasing of bulls to be discharged of - 270

tithes.

c. 5. - Exportation or gold or silver - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. - Foreign coin - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10. '271

c. 7* - Nonsuit - - - - .

c. 8. - Fines - - - -1 '

a 9. . Relief of certain commissioners - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. _ Clerk of the Crown, Queen's Bench - J

c. 11. - Admiralty jurisdiction Rep., 24 A 25 Vict. c. 10. s. 31.

c. 12. - Welshmen - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 13. - c. 14. Pardon - - - \ Purveyance - - - - / Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. * Suppression of heresy Rep., 1 Eliz. c. 1. s. 6. (s. 15., Ruff.).

cc. 16-18. - Wales A Welshmen - - - ] Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 19. - Wales - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 20. - Welshmen - - - - i Rep., 21 Ja. l. c. 28. s. 11. 1

lviii

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

2 Hen..4. (con*.)

c. 21. - Liveries -

c. 22. - k Suits for pardon - * -

c. 23. - Marshalsea court

c. 24. - Wages for service with duke'of York

4 Hen. 4. >* Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. - Confirmation of liberties, &c.

c. 2. - Indictments, &c.

c. 3. - Benefit of clergy -

c. 4. _ Crown grants -

c. 6. - Sheriffs - - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 6. - Cloths - - - L

c.7. c. 8. Real actions - - - - | Forcible entries - - - i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. X

c. 9. - Relief of commissioners - - J 1

c. 10. * Coinage - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 11. Wears ----- Rep., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. 8. 39. 272

c. 12. _ Enforcement of 15 Ric. 2. c. 11.

c. 13. c. 14. - Military service - - - ] Labourers - - - J H Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. - Exportation of gold or silver - 1 Rep., 3' Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1.

c. 16. - Exportation of gold or silver Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 3.

c. 17- ' . Monastic orders - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 18, 19. - . Attorneys - Rep., 6 & 7 Vict. c. 73. s. 1.

c. 20. - Customs - Rep. —

in part, 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1. residue, 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

c.21. _ 1 Customs - - - Rep. 6 Geo. 4. c. 105. 273

c. 22. . i Suits by incumbents ousted by King's i

presentee. j 274

e. 23. - Effect of judgments -

c. 24. - Cloths - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 25. - Hostlers - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 26. . Wales Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 27. _ Wales - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 28. _ Wales - - - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 29. _ Welshmen - - - 1 Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 30. - Wales - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 31-34. - Wales & Welshmen - - - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 35. - Tanning - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. V

5 Hen. 4.

c. 1. . ----- Personal.

c. 2. . c. 3. Approvers -Watching Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.4. - Gold & silver - - - 1 Rep., 1 Will. & Mar. c. 30.

c. 5. - Maiming - - - -1 1

c. 6. - Assaulting servants of knights of par- i i Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

liament - - - J i

c. 7. - Merchant strangers Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1.

c. 8. c. 9. - * Wager of law - - -1 Trade - - - - j |. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. - Imprisonment by justices of the peace - " i - " " " 275

c. 11. . Payment of tithes of aliens' lands 1 - . - 276

c. 12. - Execution on statute merchant | Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. - Plating - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 14. c. 15. - Fines -Pardon Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

6 Hen. 4. - - First fruits: Sheriffs: Escheators, &c. - Rep., except c. 2., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. - Petitions to the King for lands, &c. - 276

7 Hen. 4.

c. 1. . Confirmation of liberties, charters & - 278

statutes. i

lix

CHKONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued*

3a. X be i. _Lu£

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for totul or partial omission, Page.

7 Hen. 4. (con/.)

c. 2. . Succession to the Crown - 978

c. 3. _ Rolls of estreats, &c. .... 279

c. 4. - Protections ... Rep., Htat. Law Rev. Act, lH/l/l,

' c. 5. - . Personal.

c. 6. - Putting in execution of bulls to be dis- m - at i 280

charged of tithes. Rep., 19 k 20 Vict. c. 04.

c. 7. - Arrow heads -

c. 8. - Benefices ... Rep., Htat, Law Rev, Act, 1803,

c. 9. - Local.

c. 10. c. 11. Cloths - - -1 Relief of commissioners - - / Rep., Htat, Law llev, Act, |H63, 1

c. 12. - .... . Personal.

c. 13. - Attorneys in outlawry - *- . 28|

c. 14. - Liveries .... Rep., 3 Cha. 1, a, U, s, 8, fc. 4,

n. 27, Rutf.j. i

c. 15. - Election of knights of shires 1 - 281

c. 16. - Annuities from the Crown - - ]

c. 17. - Labourers -

c. 18. 9 Hen. 4. - - Pardon - - - 1 Confirmation of liberties, cliarter* k j r' 1 Rep, Htat. \mw Rev. Act, 1863,

statutes: Aulnage, &c. I I

11 Hen. 4. - - Justices of assise: Customers, kc. - 1 1

13 Hen. 4. - - Confirmation of liberties, charters & B«p, e*c*jH c, 7, hut, Uw lluv.

statutes: Justices of astise, kc. Act, IKX

c. 7- Duties of justices of peace k sheriffs in riots. - * m 282

1 Hen. 5.

c. 1. - Parliamentary elections Rep, 14 Geo. 3, c.

C- 2L e. 3. Wears .... Forrenr - - - J , Htat. Law Rev, Act, 18/; *,

e. 4. - Ba:3 of sheriffs. &c. Rep., 19 Ik 20 W.«. c, 64,

c. 5. - Defendant* dt*er.pt*on in wms . 2^/y

c. 6. - Wales - Rep., Hu*. Lv Rev, A/*, J8/,*,

c. 7- - Restraint of alier.s fros. Lo'djig bene-

fi'jefc.

C- . - Irish zjKLi'Acu, &e.

e. 9- - Gncu of fee. of Ofcisit r hut. u Iter. a,*, />, v

e_ I*1. - — 04 L ZLfikbUrt — y

k Hm. 5 8c 1. c. L Y>-k« 4c r^'irviKtior. of LvhprUut - '

ci - Pr-bonsrs n. fvr dev: '

t 3. - Lt-vei* n. kv-rr.ut. ovuru ' ' ,

c. 1 - Jufiiow 'jf tve pea*: >*. >*«. U»

WUi'JLt 2VJ

e_ 5. c C. - Oinrap* a. «ru.n fnasiciuaes - '*' f>t»* Iter. A.«jl, i,

c r. r- * vf verity «f r*v^ ... ^ - * *-- . ' -

c > - >' lira*?- ti Listr ht T A<* /

r &c 5 X - Ciaavii-nt J urtr> to ^ W

c 1- - ^uiJrfiraCj'M uf of Vat pefect - - .

: Bo. 5. — - JU '.rn*y

S fiflL. £ 'ft Ooidrman« »i of 4.' nr^» . ibr-r.'n* >*vrt 4- ' /.cr v .;

Hierrdh . . V . j^rcumr <rnn^/-v fc,'.

- L\nshmacjin i/ k r-if.i&t*

lx

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued;

(l) In Ruff, the titles of these three (2) c. 10., Ruff, chapters are placed in succes- (8) c. 11., Ruff, sion, without any numbers, be- (4) c. 12., Ruff, tween cc. 9 & 10., Ruff. (5) c: 13., Ruff.

(«) c. 14., Ruff. (8) c. 15., Ruff.

(7) In Ruff, the title of-this chapter () c. 16., Ruff, is placed without a number (10) c. 17-> Ruff, between cc. 14 & 15., Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. P*ge.

5 Hen. 5. Attorneys; . Rep./ Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

7 Hen. 5. - Indictment: Forgery - . Rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

8 Hen. 5. - 9 Hen. 5. St. 1. * Parliament: Gold & silver - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. - Indictments, &c. - Rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

c. 2. c. 3. - Outlawries -Assises: Protections, &c. :} Rep., Stat. 'Law Rev4 Act, 1863.

c. 4. - Amendment of records & process - - 298

c. 5. c. 6. - Sheriffs, &c. -Mint at Calais Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. . . .... - - Local.

c. 8, c. 9. - Offences by scholars of Oxford Abbots, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. - Coal-keels at Newcastle Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 11. - Gold coin - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. - ..... - Local.

9 Hen. 5. St. 2. * Money: Exchanges: Tithes - Rep., except c. 11., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. r - " Local.

1 Hen. 6. m Mint: Exchanges: Purveyance: Irish- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

men, &c.

2 Hen. 6.

c. 1. . Confirmation of liberties & franchises - ... . 300

c. 2. . . Personal.

j;. 3.. c. 4. - Duke of Bedford The staple Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - Exportation of wools Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

c. 6. - Exportation of gold or silver -

c. 7. - Tanners .

c. 8. - Irishmen . . - -

c. 9. C. 10. (!) " Currency Embroidery ... ' > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. (*) . Certain outlawries .

c. 12. W . The Thames - .

c. 13. (*) Patent officers in courts .

( Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1. (see

c. 14. (3) - Measures - *{ local saving). Rep. in qualified terms, 5 Geo. 4.

I c. 74. s. 23. (& see s. 25.).

c. 15. (4)' - The mint . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. (8) Price of silver - . . .... 300

c. 17. (*) - Quality & marks of silver work . . 301

c. 18. (?) _ Labourers . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 19. (8) Fish .... . Rep., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. s. 39.

c. 20. () c. 21. (10) - Real actions Escape ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

3 Hen. 6.

c. 1. _ Labourers . Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 129. s. 2.

c. 2. - Exportation of sheep - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 3.

c. 3. Customs . Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

c. 4. _ Exportation of butter, &c. - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. ss. 3, 5.

c. 5. . ..... . Local.

4 Hen. 6. . Sheriffs: Writs: Corn: Continuation Rep., except c. 3., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

of statutes.

c. 3. - Amendment of records & process - ... . . 302

lxi

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(1) There is no c. 28. in the Statutes of the Realm; it is there stated (foot note, vol. 2. p. 261.) that in the old printed translations of the statutes a chapter is inserted, numbered 28, respecting the roads and bridges at Buford and Culhamford in Oxfordshire; and that it appears to be in effect the same as 9 Hen. 5. St. 2. c. 11.

Year, statute and ' chapter. r- - - - — 1 Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. , Page.

6 Hen. 6. Assises: Wages of artificers: Parliament: Rep., except c. 1., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Commissions of sewers: Wool.

c. 1. Exigent on indictment - 304

8 Hen. 6.

c. 1. Liberties of clergy of the Convocation - . - 305

c. 2. Trade with Denmark Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c. 3. Commissions of sewers Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Liveries ... Rep., 3 Cha. 1. c. 5. s. 8. (c. 4.

s. 27., Ruff.).

c. 5. c. 6. Weights, &c. - - - - \ Treason - - - j Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. Qualification of electors & knights of _ - 306

shires.

c. 8. Labourers - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. Forcible entry & detainer _ - 308

c. 10. Indictments against dwellers in .foreign - 313

counties. 1

c. 11. Apprenticeship - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. Reversal of judgment & amendment of - - - - 316

records.

c. 13. c. 14. Protections - - - - \ Murders, &c. - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. Amendment of records & process - . 318

c. 16. Inquests by escheators, &c. ... . 318

cc. 17, 18. - The staple - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

c. 19. Exportation - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1.

c. 20. c. 21. Trade with Calais . - - "1 Exportation - - - - - J Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

c. 22. Wools - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 23. Exportation - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 3.

c. 24. Trade with aliens - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1.

c. 25. The staple -

c. 26. Franchises -

c. 27. Robberies on the Severn

(l) > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 29. Inquests -

9 Hen. 6.

c.l. Adjournment of assises

c. 2. Trade with aliens - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1.

c. 3. - Personal.

c. 4. Writ of idemptitate nominis by execu- - 321

tors in cases of outlawry of testator.

c. 5. ----- Local.

c. 6. Weights - Rep. in qualified terms, 5 Geo. 4.

c. 74. s. 23.

c.7. Sheriff of Herefordshire Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Weight of a wey of cheese - Rep., 5 Geo. 4. c. 74. s. 23.

c. 9. ----- Local. '

b. 10. c. 11. Attorneys - - - \ Bastardy - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

10 Hen. 6.

c. 1. The staple ... Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

c. 2. Qualification of electors of knights of - - - - 323

shires.

c.3. Letters of request - - ] '

c. 4. Appearance of plaintiffs - - > Beadons, &c., Calais - - J *Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5.

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial -omission. Page.

10 Hen. 6. [coni.) -

c. 6. - Indictments against dwellers in foreign - 324

counties.

c. 7. - Exportation ... Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

10 Hen. 6. St. 2. 11 Hen 6. c. 1. - Payment of judges, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

_ The stews in Southwark Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

cc. 2, 3. - Real actions - - - -1

c. 4. - Attaints - - - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - Real actions - - - - J

c. 6. - Continuance of indictments, &c. before ... . - 327

justices notwithstanding a new

commission.

c. 7. c. 8. - Sheriff of Herefordshire - - \ Weights & measures - - J Cloths ----- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. - Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 10. - The staple - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. - Assaults on lords or commoners, &c. - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 12. - Wax chandlers - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11. j

c. 13. rsk. 14. - The staple - Exportation - - - / Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

cc. 15, 16. - Customs ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

14 Hen. 6.

c. 1. - Jurisdiction of justices of nisi prius in - 329

treason & felony.

c. 2. - The staple - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

c. 3. - ----- Local.

c. 4. - Middlesex sessions Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - Exportation - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

c. 6. c. 7. _ Alien merchants - - - \ Aliens' goods - - J Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1.

c. 8. - Breaches of truces - -1

15 Hen. 6. - - Marshalsea: Exportation of corn: > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Safe-conducts, &c. J

18 Hen. 6.

c. 1. - Dating of letters patent - 330

c. 2. - Attaints - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863,

c. 3. - Exportation ... Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 3.

c. 4. - Alien merchants - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. 9. 1.

c. 5. - Taxation - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. - Crown grants - - - - - 331

c. 7. - Penalty on escheators not returning - . - 332

offices.

c. 8. - Captures at sea - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. - Appearance of plaintiffs Rep., 6 & 7 Vict. c. 73. s. 1.

c. 10. c. 11. " Commissions of sewers - - \ Justices of the peace - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. - Indictments, &c. - Rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

c. 13. c. 14. " Outlawries - - - -1 Sheriffs - - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. - Exportation - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 5.

c. 16. - Cloths - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

r Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1. (see <

c. 17. - Vessels of wine, &c. local saving). Rep. in qualified terms, 5 Geo. 4.

# I c. 74. s. 23. (& see s. 25.).

c. 18. . Soldiers - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 19. - Soldiers - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

20 Hen. 6. - Safe-conducts: Outlawries, &c. Rep., except c. 9., Stat. Law Rev.

Act, 1863.

c. 9. - Trial of peeresses - - 333

23 Hen. 6.

c. 1. - Purveyance - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

lxiii

JL

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

23 Hen. 6. (con/.)

c. 2. - Exportation - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 3.

c. 3. - Worsteds - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. - Welshmen - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c.5. c. 6. - Exportation - - - - \ Sheriff of Northumberland - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. - Penalty on sheriffs, &c. occupying 334

office above one year.

c. 8. - Commissions of sewers Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. - Prohibition of sheriffs' letting to farm - 337

counties, &c .: Sheriffs' & bailiffs' fees & duties.

c. 10. - Wages of knights of the shire O

c. 11. c. 12. _ - Foreign pleas - - - 1 Labourers - - - - [ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. Purveyance - - -J

c. 14. - Election of members of Parliament - 341

c. 15. - Gauge penny - .Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 1. (see

local saving). x

c. 16. - Escheators - - 346

c. 17. - Wines ----- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

25 Hen. 6. - Wales - ' Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. 8. 11.

27 Hen. 6. - Importation: Exportation, &c. Rep., except c. 5., Stat. Law Key. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - Prohibition of holding fairs & markets - 347

on Sundays & feast days. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

28 Hen. 6. 29 Hen. 6. - Importation: Purveyance: Pardon, &c.

c. 1. - - Local.

c.2. - Safe-conducts - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. - - Local.

31 Hen. 6. _ John Cade: Writs: Attachments f '

Safe-conducts, &c.

33 Hen. 6.. Embezzlement: Repeal of 31 Hen. 6.

39 Hen. 6. - c. 6 .: Jurors: Exchequer, &c. 1 Repeal of 38 Hen. 6., &c. - - j Rep., Stat. Lftw Rev. Act, 1863.

1 Edw. 4. . _

c. 1. . Acts done in times of Hen. IV., V., VI.

c. 2. - Sheriffs' tourns - Reserved for supplemental volume.

3 Edw. 4. - - Exportation: Importation: Apparel')

4 Edw. 4. -7 Edw. 4. - - Cloths: Trade, &c. - - 1 Worsteds: Cloths: Crown grants - f Cloths: Liveries: Juries: Sheriffs -J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

8 Edw. 4. - -

12 Edw. 4. - Bowstaves: Subsidies: Liveries: Rep., except c. 1., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Wool: Commissions of sewers, &c.

c. 1. - Execution & return of writs, &c. by _ 350

sheriffs.

14 Edw. 4. 17 Edw. 4. - King's tenants: Protections: Wool, &c. ] Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. - Currency, &c. - - - J

c. 2. - Court of pipowder Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 3. - Unlawful games - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. - Tiles - * Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.,

c. 5. c. 6. m Cloths . - - -1 Repeal of Acts, &c. - - / . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. - Execution & return of writs, &c. by - 352,

sheriffs.

22 Edw. 4. i * a L &

c. 1. c. 2.: Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. - Importation - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41 s. 1.

hciv

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(1) To end of Titxdus Regis. This part not in Ruff.

(2) In this order in the Statutes of the Realm; the chapters follow the numbering of the translation. (* *) The numbers and order of the chapters of this year follow the translation.

(4) First par. of c. 1., Ruff.

(*) Second par. of c. 1., Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page-

22 Edw. 4. (cont.)

c. 4. - Price of bows - - . . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - Fulling mills . . . Rep., 1 Ja. 1. c. 25. s. 7. (2

[vulgo 1] Ja. 1. c. 25. ss. 35, 47., Ruff.).

c. 6. - Swans - . . Rep., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

C. 7. ^Forest - - f Reserved for supplemental volume. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act,

c. 8. - - - - -{ 1863. Residue local.

1 Ric. 3.

c. 1. c. 2. - * Feofftnents to uses Benevolences - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. - Felony -Sheriffs' tourns . - Rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

c. 4. - . . . *Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

c. 5. - King Ric. III., feoffee to usee i - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. c. 7- - Court of pipowder Fines - - - Reserved for supplementalvolume. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Cloths - - - - Rep., 50 Geo. 3. c. 83.

c. 9. - Aliens - . . -1

c. 10. - Importation - - 4 Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 11. - Bowstaves - - -J

c. 12. * Importation - - r Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10. Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2. (see

c. 13. - Vessels of wine, &c. - - - local saving). Rep. in qualified terms, 5 Geo. 4.

1 c. 74. s. 23. (& see s. 25).

c. 14. . Collectors of dismes - . . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. - ... . . . Personal.

1 Hen. 7.

part preoed* c. l.f1) Title of the King - - - - Reserved for supplementalvolume.

c. 1. Real actions - . - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. (*) Clergy * - . - Rep., 3 & 4 Vict. c. 86. s. 1.

. c. 3. Protections . . . Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 6.

c. 2. (2) Denizens - . . . Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 5. c. 6. Tanners Pardon - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. Hunting in forests . . Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

cc. 8, 9. Importation . - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 10. Aliens - . . -1

3 Hen. 7. (3) Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Actf1863.

c. 1.0) . Star chamber, &c. . . -J

c.[2].(') Coroners' duties & fees: Recogni- Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 354

zance for keeping the peace. 1863.

c. 2. Abduction of women - . Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 3. Bailing of prisoners: Sheriffs' certificates - - - - 357

of prisoners names at gaol delivery.

c. 4. Fraudulent deeds of gift . . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. Usury - - Rep., 11 Hen. 7. c. 8.

c. 6. c.7. Usury Customs :} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Alien merchants . . Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 9. Citizens of London - . - Rep., Stat, Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. Costs on writ of error - - . ..... 359

c. 11. - Exportation - - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. 8. 4.

Ixv

0 c. 17., private, Ruff.

(*) The numbers of the chapters of this year follow the translation.

0 Inclusive of the enactments placed under the heading: " An Acte for the passing and t*nsmutacon of landf without Fyne."

0 cc. 2, 3., Ruff.

0 c. 4., Ruff.

() c. 5., Ruff.

Sc. 6., Ruff.

c. 7., Ruff.

0 c. 8., Ruff.

(,0) c. 1., private, Ruff.

(ll) c. 2., private, Ruff.

(15) c. 3., private, Ruff.

(w) c. 4., private, Ruff.

(M) cc. 6-16., private, Ruff. (") Not in Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

3 Hen. 7* (cont.)

c. 13. - Price of long bows Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. - King's household - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 12. - King's officers & tenants - - Rep., 3 Cha. 1. c. 5. 8. 8. (c. 4. s. 27., Ruff.).

c. 16. (>) . Feoffees in trust - -N i

4 Hen. 7. (*) Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. * Commissions of sewers i

c. 2. c. 3. - Gold & silver -Slaughter of beasts -1 \ Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 4. (*) Protections - -1 I

c. 5. c. 6. - Dismes - Forest of Inglewood - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. %

c. 7. . Yeomen & grooms of the chamber *J 1

C. $. c. 9. - Woollen cloth Hats & caps - -i f Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 10. - Importation, &c. - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 11. c. 12. * Buying of wool Justices of the peace -i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. - Benefit of clergy . Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. fl. 1.

c. 14. - - . Private.

c. 15. _ ..... . Local.

c. 16. - Isle of Wight - - - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 17. c. 18. - Wardship ... Treason - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 19. - Tillage - - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 20. . Collusion in penal actions . - - 360

c. 21. - Fish .... - Rep., 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. s. 71.

c. 22. . Gold - - -

c. 23. - Exportation - -

c. 24. . Fines - .

7 Hen. 7. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. . Soldiers ...

c. 2. («) . Service in the King's wars -

c.3.(') - Weights & measures -

c. 4. () - ..... . Local.

c.5. (?) - Abbots, priors, &c. -1 i

c. 6. (») _ Scots - 1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

e. 7. (») c. 8. (rf) - Customs . - - -J i

- ..... - Private.

c. 9. (") Fish .... . Rep., 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. s. 7L

c. 10. (<*) - Outlawry in Lancashire - . Rep., 7 Hen. 7. c.24. (notin Ruff.).

c. 11. (") - Taxation - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 12-23. (M) . - Private.

c. 24. (") , Outlawry in Lancashire - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

11 Hen. 7.

c. 1. - Serving King for the time being in war. - 363

no treason.

c. 2. * Vagabonds ... - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 3. Offences against statutes . Rep., 1 Hen. 8. c. 6.

c. 4. . Weights & measures - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 18o3.

c. 5. - Wears - - Rep., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. s. 39.

lxvi (*)

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(*) cc. 1^38., private, Ruff. (s) c. 39., private, Ruff.

f3) cc. 1-4., private, Ruff. (4) cc. 7, 8., private, Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

11 Hen. 7. (cant.)

c. 6. - | Customs - -'i

c. /. Riots - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Usury - -J

c. 9. - . - - Local.

c. 10. c. 11. Taxation Worsted - Rep .; Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. Suing in form& pauperis - . . . 364

c. 13. Exportation - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4.

c. 14. Customs - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 15. Sheriff's county court - - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 16. Calais - - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 17. Game, &c. - - Rep., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

c. 18. * - Attendance in war - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 19. Upholsterers - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 20. Dowress, &c. . Rep., 3 & 4 WiU. 4. c. 74. s. 17.,

with saving for past settlements.

c. 21. Perjury - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 22. Wages of Labourers, &c.

c. 23. Fish - -

c. 24. Attaints - >; Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 25. Perjury - - -

c. 26. Jurors - i

c. 27. Fustians - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

cc. 28-64. 0 ..... - Private.

c. 65. (2) - Peace of estaples - - Reservedfor supplemental volume.

12 Hen. 7.

c. 1. Worsteds, Norfolk

c. 2. Continuation of Acts of 11 Hen. 7.

c. 3. Wages of labourers, &c. - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Woollen cloths - -

c. 5. Weights & measures -

c. 6. Merchants adventurers - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c.7. Benefit of clergy - Rep .; 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

cc. 8-11. (3) ..... . Private.

cc. 12, 13. (*) Taxation

19 Hen. 7.

c. 1. c. 2. Attendance in war Customs " > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. Attaints ...

c. 4. Cross-bows

c. 5. Coin - - Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. 1.

c. 6. Pewterers - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 7. . Unlawful statutes made by corporations - 365

c. 8. c. 9. fccavage -Process :} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. Gaols - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 11. Deer, &c. - Rep., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

c. 12. Vagabonds - - - . Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 13* Riots - - - _ Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

c. 14. Retainers -

c. 15. c. 16. Feoffments to uses Jurors . . . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 17. Worsted shearers -J

c. 18. . Local.

c. 19. Curriers, &c. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 20. Costs on writ of error - - .... 366 ,

c. 21. Importation . Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 22. Calais - " Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

lxvii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(') cc. 1, 2., private, Ruff. (*) c. 3., private, Ruff.

(*) cc. 4-7., private, Ruff.

i4) c. 8., private, Ruff. s) c. 9., private, Ruff.

) cc. 10-17., private. Raff. 7) c. 1., private, Ruff.

(9) c. 2., private, Ruff.

(9) cc. 3,4., private, Ruff.

(10) c. 5., private, Ruff.

(n) cc. 1-6., private, Ruff. (") c. 7; private, Ruff.

(") c. 8, private, Ruff.

e 2

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. I Reason for total or partial omission. I Page.

19 Hen. 7. (cant.)

: c. 23. Hanse merchants - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

f c. 24. .... - - Local.

cc. 25,26. (') ..... - Private.

I. c. 27. (*) - Staple at Calais - - Rep./ Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 28-30. (3) ..... - Private.

C.31.H - c. 32. (*) - Actions Taxation ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 33-40. () - - Private.

1 Hen. 8.

c. 1. Repeal of 8 Hen. 6. c. 2. -i 1

c. 2. c. 3. Woollen cloth -Receivers general -1 1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Penal statutes -j 1 i

c. 5. Customs ... - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 6. Repeal of 11 Hen. 7. c. 3. - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. Coroners ... 367

c. 8. Escheators & commissioners - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 368

. 1863.

I c. 9. m m m m m - Local.

c. 10. Letting of lands seized by the Crown on - 370

j inquest of office.

c. 11. Perjury ... -1 1

1 c. 12. 1 c. 13. Traverse of certain inquisitions -Exportation ... -1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. Apparel "J 1

c. 15. ..... . Private.

j c. 16.0 . Expenses of King's household - - Rep., 14 & 16 Hen. 8. c. 19.

(c. 4., Pr., Ruff.) s. 1.

i c. 17. (») - Expenses of King's wardrobe - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 18,19. (*) ..... . Private.

c. 20. (") - Taxation -

3 Hen. 8.

c. 1. c. 2. Exportation -Escheators - ' i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. " Archery ...

c. 4. Service in war beyond sea -

c.5. Soldiers - - - .

c. 6. Woollen cloth . 1

i c. 7. Exportation - - - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4.

c. 8. 1 Assise of victuals -1 1

c. 9. i Visors - , 1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. Leather -J I

c. 11. Physicians & surgeons - - - 371

c. 12. Juries ... . Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

I c. 13. 1 Cross-bows . - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. Oils - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 15. Hats & caps ... - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

cc. 16-21. (") - . Private.

c.22. (») -c. 23. (") - Taxation Surveyors of crown lands, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

lxviil

(J) cc. 1-8., private, Ruff. (*) c. 9., private, Ruff.

(*) Not in Ruff.

(4) c. 10., private, Ruff. (6) c. 11., private, Ruff. (8) cc. 1-8., private, Ruff.

8

9., private, Ruff. v j cc. 10, 11., private, Ruff.

(9) cc. 1-5., private, Ruff.

(10) c. 6., private, Ruff.

(n) c. 7; private, Ruff.

Tear, statute and ' chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

4 Hen. 8.

c. 1. Bulwarks on the coast -

c.2. Murders & felonies - - I

c. 3. c. 4.' Juries in London - - - I Outlawry - - - [ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. Wages of labourers, &c.

c. 6. Sealing of cloths - -

c.7. Pewterers - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 8. Prohibition of suits for speeches. - 372

&c. in Parliament.

cc. 9-16. (>) Private.

c. 17.(*) - Expenses of King's wardrobe - -1

c. 18. (») - Surveyors of crown lands, &c. - [ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. ]9.(«) - Taxation - - - J

c. 20. (') - - Private.

5Hen. 8.

c. 1. Tournay in France - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. Cloths ----- Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 3. Exportation - - - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c. 4. Worsteds - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 5. Juries in London Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. - Local.

-c.7. Leather - - - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c.8. Pardon - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 9-16. () - Private.

c. 17. (7) - Taxation - - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 18,19. (8) ----- Private.

6 Hen. 8.

c. 1. Apparel - - - -] "

c.2. Archery - - - - I Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. Labourers - - - - J

c. 4. Exigent in personal actions .... 375

c. 6. Tillage - - . - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. Removal of trials for felony from - - 376

Queen*8 Bench to assises.

c.7. Thames watermen - - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. lxxv. s. 1.

cc. 8, 9. Cloths - Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 10. Commissions of sewers - -

c. 11. Importation -

c. 12. Exportation - - - . s. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. Cross-bows, &c.

c. 14. Taxation - - -

c. 16. Crown grants - - - . - - 377

c. 16. Attendance in Parliament - 377

cc. 17, 18. - - - Local.

cc. 19-23.(9) ----- Private.

c. 24. (») - Surveyors of crown lands, &c. Rep., 7 Hen. 8. c. 7. (c. 3., Pr., Ruff.) s. 38.

c. 25. (») - ----- Private.

c. 26. (») - Taxation - - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

7 Hen. 8.

c. 1. Tillage Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 2. c. 3. Navigation - - -Penal actions - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Re^31 Eliz. c. 5. s. 6. (s. 7.,

lxix

(*) c. 3., private, Ruff. (*) c. 1., private, Ruff. (*) c. 2., private, Ruff. () c. 4., private, Ruff.

(4) c. 5., private, Ruff.

(6) cc. 5, 6., private, Ruff.

(7) c. 1., private, Ruff.

(8) c. 2., private, Ruff.

() c. 3., private, Ruff.

(l0) c. 4., private, Ruff.

(n) cc. 7-22., private, Ruff.

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

7 Hen. 8. (amt.) >

c. 4. - Avowries -

c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. (>) - Labourers ... Apparel King's revenues:) - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. (*) . ..... . Private.

c. 9. () . Subsidy - -1

c. 10. (<) - Staple at Calais 4 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. ll.(») - General pardon ... -J

14 & 15 Hen. 8.

c. 1. - Cloths - . Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4.

c. 2. c. 3. - Aliens - Worsteds ... Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64. '

c. 4. - Customs - r Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2. Rep. in part, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 66.

c. 5. - Physicians ... - s. 5. Residue reserved for supplemental

1 volume.

c. 6. . . . Local.

c. 7. . Cross-bows ... -1

c. 8. . Six clerks in Chancery - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. - Cordwainers ... -J

c. 10. - Killing hares Rep., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

c. 11. - Cloths - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. - Coining - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 13. - Port of Southampton - Rep., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. s. 39.

c. 14. - Service in w£r - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. («) - Surveyors of crown lands, &c. . Rep., 33 Hen. 8. c. 39. s. 30.

(This section not in Ruff.).

c. 16. O c. 17. (): Taxation -General pardon Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 18. (») . ..... . Private.

c. 19. (") - Expenses of King's household - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 20-35. (lI) ..... . Private.

21 Hen. 8.

c. 1. - General pardon ... -1

c. 2. - Sanctuary . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. - Real actions ... -J

c. 4. . Sales of land by acting executors . - .... 378

c. 5. - Probate & administration " Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 379

c. 6. - Mortuaries ... . Rep. in part — 383

13 Ann. (12 Ann. St. 2., Ruff.) c. 6. 8. 1. 28 Geo. 2. c. 6. s. 1.

c. 7. . Embezzlement ... . Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 8. - Killing calves - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. - Prices of foreign hats, &c. - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c. 10. - Exportation - - - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4., c. 41. s. 4.

c. 11. - Restitution of goods stolen . Rep, 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 12. - Manufacture of cables, &c. . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 13. - Clergy .... - Rep., 1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. s. 1.

c. 14. - Importation - - - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c. 15. - Recoveries - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. - Aliens - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

cc. 17, 18. - . - Local.

c. 19. - Avowries - - 385

c. 20. - Naming of sheriffs, &c. - 386

(!) cc. 1, 2., private, Ruff. (2) c. 3., private, Ruff.

(*) cc. 4, 5., private, Ruff. (4) c. 1., private, Ruff.

(8) c. 2., private, Ruff.

(*) cc. 3-/., private, Ruff.

(7) In Ruff., in the Appendix of obsolete and curious Acts.

(8) cc. 1-14., private, Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

21 Hen. 8. (cont.)

c. 21. Worsteds - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863,

cc. 22, 23. (») .... . Private.

c. 24. (2) - Release of loans, &c. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 25, 26. (») . .... . Private.

22 Hen. 8.

c. 1. -c. 2. Regrators of wool Foreign pleas ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.3. ..... - Local.

c. 4. Apprentices' and freemen's fees to . 387

companies. 388

c. 5. Repair of bridges - ...

c.6. Butchers . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7- Exportation ... - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4.

c.8. Customs . Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 9. Poisoning ... . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. Egyptians - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 11. . - Local.

c. 12. Vagabonds - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 13. Aliens ...

c. 14. c. 15. Abjuration, &c. -Pardon to clergy Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. Pardon to laity -

c. 17. n - ..... - Private.

c. 18. (') - Expenses of King's household - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 19-23. («) ..... . Private.

23 Hen. 8. i

c. 1. Benefit of clergy - . Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 2. Gaols - -1 1

c.3. Attaints _ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Brewers & coopers I j f

c. 6. Commissions of severs - - 392

c. 6. Recognizances for debt Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.7. Foreign wines ... Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c.8. - Local.

c. 9. Citations in spiritual courts - - 399

c. 10. Restraint on conveyance of lands to Sect. 5. (8. 6., Ruff.) local 401

pious uses. Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 11. Breaking prison -

c. 12. - - Local.

c. 13. Qualification of jurors . - 403

c. 14. Outlawry - Costs of defendant on nonsuit, &c. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. . - 403

c. 16. c. 17. Conveyance of horses into Scotland Winding of wool -1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 18. Fish - - - - . Rep., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. s. 39.

c. 19. Pardon to clergy - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 20. (?) - Restraint of payment of first fruits to the see of Rome, &c. * - 404

cc. 21-34. (8) . - Private.

24 Hen. 8.

c. 1. c.2. Leather -Woollen cloth -1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.(

c. 3. Sale of flesh Rep., 33 Hen. 8. c. 11.

c. 4. Flax & hemp - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. Killing a thief Sale of wines - - - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 6. - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

lzxi

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(*) cc. 1-3., private, Ruff

(*) cc. 1-5, 7, 6,8,12, 9-11., private, Ruff.

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

24 Hen. 8. (cont.)

c.7. - Killing calves - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. - Costs of defendant in actions to the - 409

use of the King.

c. 9. - Killing weanlings - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. - Destruction of crows, &c. - Rep., 19 8c 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 11. - - . Local. 1

c. 12. - Prohibition of appeals to the see of Rome .... i 410

c. Id. Apparel - i Rep., 1 Ja. 1. c. 25. 8. 7. (2 [vulgo 1] Ja. 1. c. 25. as. 45, 47., Ruff). i 1

cc. 14-16. (') - - i Private.

25 Hen. 8.

C.' 1. - Graziers & butchers Rep., 33 Hen. 8. c. 11.

c. 2. - Price of rituals . Rep. —

i in part, 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4. residue, 7 & 8 Vict. c. 24. s. 2.

c. 3. - Standing mute, &c. " i Rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

c. 4. - Fish i 1 Rep., 35 Hen. 8. c. 7.

c. 5. - Worsteds Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 6. c. 7. _ | isr*. . . * 1 Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. '

c. 8. - 1 - Load.

c. 9. . Pewterers Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 10. - Commissioners of sewers i ... . . 415

c. 11. - Wild-fowl . , Rep., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

c. 12. - - Personal.

c. 13. - Tillage - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 14. i [ Heresy - Rep., 1 Edw. 6. c. 12. s. 2. (s. 3., Ruff.).

c. 15. c. 16. Printers & binders Clergy }; Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 17. . 1 Cross-bows . 1 Rep., 33 Hen. 8. c. 6. s. 9.

c. 18. . Cloths - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 19. -1 Submission of the clergy to the King -Restraint of payment of first fruits. Sec, . . - 415

c. 20. i " | . . . - 418

to see of Rome.

c. 21. - 1 Exoneration from exactions paid to see; - 423

of Rome. 1

c. 22. . Succession to the Crown Rep. —

28 Hen. 8. c. 7« s. 1. (s. 3.,

i 1 Ruff., App.). 1 Mar. Sess. 2. c. 1. s. 2.

1 (s. 3., Ruff., App.).

cc. 23-^34. (*) . - Private.

5 Hen. 8. n Rep., 1 & 2 Phil. & Mar. c. 8.

c. 1. -; Supremacy of the Crown - 1 s. 4. (ss. 12, 20., Ruff). Repeal conf., 1 Eliz. c. 1. s. 4.

1 I (s. 13., Ruff.).

c. 2. - Succession to the Crown Rep., 28 Hen. 8. c. 7. s. 1. (s.3., Ruff., App.).

c. 3. - First fruits Si tenths Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 437

1863.

c. 4. - Jurors in Wales - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. c. 6. - Femes on the Severn -1 Marches in Wales - - - j Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

cc. 7-9. - - Local.

c. 10. - Importation, See. - - -1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863,

c- 11. - Assaults by Welshmen - - J

c. 12. " Purgation of convicts in Wales - - J

lxxii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

26 Hen. 8. (cont.)

c. 13. High treason - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. Suffragan bishops ... - 447

c. 15. ...... Local.

c. 16. Worsteds ... Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 17. Relief of lessees from payment of first - 449

fruits & tenths.

c. 18. c. 19. General pardon - - - \ Taxation - - - - f Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 20-26. (*) - Private.

27 Hen. 8.

c. 1. . Local.

c.2. Forging the sign-manual, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. Kingston-upon-Hull - Rep., 33 Hen. 8. c. 33.

c. 4. Offences at sea - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. Justices of the peace 8c gaol delivery, Reserved for supplemental volume.

&c .: Chester 8c Wales.

c^6. Breed of horses - . - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.7. ----- Local.

c. 8. Relief from concurrent payments of .... 450

tenths & first fruits.

c. 9. Butchers - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. Uses - Re^j.in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 452

c. ll.(*) - Clerks of the signet & privy seal Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 456

1863.

c. 12. Woollen cloths - - - Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 13. Exportation .... Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c. 14. Customs ... r Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. ss. 2, 4. Rep., 1 & 2 Phil. & Mar. c. 8. s. 4.

c. 15. Ecclesiastical canons - - (ss. 14, 20., Ruff.). Repeal conf., 1 Eliz. c. 1. s. 4.

I (s. 13., Ruff.),

c. 16. Inrolment of bargains & sales of lands - .... 461

c. 17. Embezzlement - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 18. ----- Local.

c. 19. Sanctuary ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 20. Tithes - . 461

c. 21. ...... Local.

c. 22. Tillage - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 23. r Local. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 463

c. 24. Prerogatives of the Crown - 1863. Sects. 16, 18-20. (ss. 18, 20-22.,

I Ruff.) personal or local.

c. 25. Vagabonds .... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 26. Wales - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 27. Court of augmentations Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 28. Suppression of monasteries Reserved for supplemental volume.

cc. 29-59. (») ----- Private.

c. 60. (4) - Tenths - - - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 61. (') - - Private.

c. 62. () - Surveyors of crown lands - Rep., 33 Hen. 8. c. 39. s. 30.

(This section not in Ruff.).

c. 63. (7) - Ordinances for Calais - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

(l) cc. 1-7., private, Ruff.

(*) There is an irregularity in the numbering of the sections of this Act, there being no section numbered 11. (*) cc. 35 (or 1), 2-14., private, Ruff.

(4) Not in Ruff.

(*) c. 32., private, Ruff. () c. 33., private, Ruff. (7) c. 34., private, Ruff.

lxxiii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. P»ge. 1

28 Hen. 8. i

c. 1. - Abjuration: Benefit of clergy - 1

c. 2. c.3. Embezzlement ... Wales - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. . Cloths - 467

c. 5. - Avoidance of exactions upon appren- .

tices & freemen. '

c. 6. - Continuance of Acts - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. - Succession to the Crown: Degrees of marriage. Continuance of Acts Reserved for supplemental volume.

cc. 8, 9. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep., 1 & 2 Phil. & Mar. c. 8.

r

c. 10. - See of Rome - - - -« s. 4. (ss. 15, 20., Ruff.). Repeal conf., 1 Eliz. c. 1. s. 4. (s. 13., Ruff.).

c. 11. - First fruits during vacation of benefice ..... 469

c. 12. - ...... Local.

c. 13. - Clergy ... - Rep., 67 Geo. 3. c. 99. s. 1.

c. 14. - Wines ----- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. - Trial of offences committed at sea - 472

c. 16. - Licences, &c. from see of Rome Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 17. - Repeal of Acts ... Determined & annulled, 24 Geo. 2.

c. 24. s. 23.

cc. 16-52. (l) - Private.

31 Hen. 8.

c. 1. Partition by joint tenants & tenants in - 474

common.

c. 2. - Fishing - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 3. . . . Private. i

c. 4. . . . ' Local.

c. 5. - ...... Private.

c. 6. c. 7. - Monasteries, &c. - - -1 Continuance of Acts - - - / Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. - Proclamations by the Crown - - Rep., 1 Edw. 6. c. 12. s. 4. (a. 5., Ruff.).

r Rep., 1 & 2 Phil. & Mar. c. 8.

c. 9. - Bishops . - -J s. 4. (ss. 18, 20., Ruff.). Repeal conf., 1 Eliz. c. 1. s. 4.

I (s. 13., Ruff.).

c. 10. - Precedence of the lords in Parliament - . 475

c. 11. c. 12. Wales - - - - \ Taking of hawks - - - / Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. c. 14. - Suppressed monasteries Religion ... Reserved for supplemental volume. Rep., 1 Edw. 6. c. 12. s. 2. (s. 3., Ruff.).

32 Hen. 8.

c. 1. - Will Rep., 7 WUl. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 26.

s. 2, except as to wills made before 1838.

c. 2. - Limitation of prescription Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 3. c. 4. Perpetuation of Acts - - - \ Treasons in Wales - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 1

c. 5. - Remedy of creditor after unsatisfied ..... 477

execution. 1

c. 6. - Conveyance of horses into Scotland - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7- - Tithes & offerings - . 479

c. 8. - Game - Rep., Stat, Law Rev. Act, 1863. 1

c. 9. - Maintenance & embracery Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 481

1863.

(l) cc. 1-35., private, Ruff.

(*) c. 12., private, Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

32 Hen. 8. (eonf.)

c. 10. _ Priests, &c. -i 1

c. 11. - Stealing hawks' eggs, &c. - - I Rep., Stat. Law Revi Act, 1863.

c. 12. _ Sanctuaries - -J

c. 13. - Horses - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 14. - Navigation - 1 Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 15. c. 16. - Religion -Aliens - :} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 17-19. - - 1 Local.

c. 20. - Liberties belonging to suppressed mo- | Reserved for supplemental volume.

nasteries, &c. I

c. 21. Trinity term i

c. 22. . Tenths ... Rep., Staf. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

- c. 23. - Taxation -J

c. 24. _ - Private.

c. 25. . ----- - Personal.

c. 26. - Religion - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 27. - ----- - Private. 1

c. 28. - Validity of certain leases- - - 483

c. 29. . ----- - Local.

c. 30. - Mispleadings, jeofails, 8cc. - - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act,

1863. j 486

c. 31. - Recoveries - - Rep.,* 14 Eliz. c. 8. s. 4. (s. 5.,

c. 32. _ Partition by tenants for life or years - iviin.). *>. 00

c. 33. - Disseisin - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 34. Grantees of reversions - - - 487

C. 35: - Forest - - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 36. . Fines - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 37. - Recovery of arrears of rent by exe- - 489

cutors, &c.

c. 38. - Validity of marriages notwithstanding . 491

pre-contract.

c. 39. _ King's household - _ Rep., 1 Mar. Sess. 3. c. 4.

c. 40. - Physicians 8c apothecaries - . 492

c. 41. . Horsebread . I Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 21. s. 1.

c. 42. - Barbers & surgeons - I Reserved for supplemental volume.

cc. 43, 44. - - - 1 Local.

c. 45. _ Court of first fruits & tenths _ 1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 46. - Court of wards . 1 Rep., 12 Cha. 2. c. 24. s. 3.

cc. 47, 48. - - - Private.

c. 49. c. 50. - General pardon - -Taxation - :} r Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act,

c. 51. O - Queen consort - - - 1863. Residue reserved for supple-

33 Hen. 8. i mental volume.

c. 1. - Counterfeit letters, &c. - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 2. . Fish - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 3. - Welsh cloths - Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 4. - 1 Pewterers - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - * Horses - - Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 6. - Cross-bows - - Rep., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

c. 7. - Exportation - Rep., 53 Geo. 3. c. 45.

c. 8. , Witchcraft - r Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep. in part — 494

3 Geo. 4. c. 41. 8. 4.

c. 9. - Suppression of unlawful games i 8 & 9 Vict. c. 109. s. 1. Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

i Sect. 5. (8. 7-, Ruff.) local.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

33 Hen. 8. (cow/.) 1

c. 10. . Justices of the peace - Rep., 37 Hen. 8. c. 7.

c. 11. - Butchers ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. . Murder & bloodshed in the palace - 498

c. 13. - Chester & Wales - - - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 14. c. 15. Prophecies - - - - \ Sanctuary - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. . Worsted yarn - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 17. c. 18. Continuation of Acts - - \ Kerseys - - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 19. - Exportation - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c. 20. - Consequences of attainder for treason - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 504

1863.

r Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 505

c. 21. - Royal assent to Acts of Parliament by I 1863.

commission - i Sects. 1, 2, 4, 7. (not in Ruff.)

I personal.

c. 22. Wards & liveries - Rep., 12 Cha. 2. c. 24. s. 3.

c. 23. . Criminal law - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 24. . Clerks of assise - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 506

1863.

c. 25. . Personal.

c. 26. _ Private.

c. 27. Corporation leases - 506

c. 28. c. 29. _ Clergy - - - - \ Monasteries, &c. - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 30-36. _ - Local.

cc. 37, 38. . Private.

c. 39. . Crown debts - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 507

1863.

34 & 35 Hen. 8.

c. 1. - Religion - Rep., 1 Edw. 6. c. 12. s. 2. (s. 3.,

Ruff.).

c. 2. . | Public accountant Proviso (not in Ruff.) on sect. 7. 518

personal.

c. 3. Assise of wood & coals Rep., 7 Edw. 6. c. 7. s. 2. (s. 3.,

Ruff.).

c. 4. Bankruptcy - Rep., 6. Geo. 4. c. 16. s. 1.

c. 5. . Will - Rep., 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 26.

- s. 2., except as to wills made before 1838.

c. 6. Pins Rep., 37 Hen. 8. c. 13.

c. 7. Wines - - - - - i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Practice of surgery & medicine in cer- - 520

tain cases.

c. 9. Unlading of ballast, &c. from ships Local, except last section -Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64. 521

c. 10. Coverlets -

c. 11. Welsh frises & cottons - - | Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. - | Local.

c. 13. Knights & burgesses for the county & Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 522

city of Chester. 1863.

c. 14. Criminal law - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 15. Sheriffs - - - ^ Local.

c. 16. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 17, 18. - Local.

c. 19. ----- Private.

c. 20. Recoveries of lands whereof the King - 523

is reversioner.

c. 21. ----- Private.

c. 22. Fines of lands - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 23. Proclamations - Rep., 1 Edw. 6. c. 12..s. 4. (s. 5., Ruff.).

cc. 24, 25. Local.

0) Not in Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

34 &35 Hen. 8.(conf.)

c. 26. - Wales - - Reserved for supplemental volume.

cc. 27, 28. (') Taxation ... - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863*

35 Hen. 8. Rep. in part — 1 & 2 Phil. & Mar. o. 8. s.5. '

(s. 21., Ruff.); repeal conf..

c. 1. - Succession to the Crown - -< 1 Eliz. c. 1. s. 4. (s. 13., Ruff.).

Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Residue reserved for supplemental

volume.

c. 2. . Trial of treasons committed abroad - . 524

f Rep., 1 & 2 Phil. & Mar. c. 8.

c. 3. King's style - s. 4. (s. 20., Ruff.). Repeal conf., 1 Eliz. c. 1. s. 4. (s. 13., Ruff.).

b

c. 4. ..... . Local. -:

c. 6. Religion - - , - Rep., 1 Edw. 6. c. 12. s. 2. (s. 3.,

Ruff.).

c. 6. Jurors - - - . Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

c. 7. c. 8. Fish - Coopers - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. ..... . Private.

c. 10. ..... . Local.

c. 11. Parliament - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 12. Loan8 to the King Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 13, 14. . Private.

c. 16. ..... . Local.

c. 16. Canon law - - - - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 17. Preservation of woods . Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 18. General pardon - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

37 Hen. 8. i

c. 1. * Appointment of custos rotulorum clerk of the peace. & - - 625

c. 2. ..... - Private.

c. 3. . . . . Local.

c. 4. Dissolution of colleges - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 5. Attaints - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. Criminal law - - - - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.'

c. 7. c. 8. Justices of the peace -Indictments - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. Usury - Rep., 17 & 18 Vict. c. 90s. 1.

c. 10. Libel .... . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 11, 12. ..... . Local.

c. 13. Repeal of 34 & 35 Hen. 8. c. 6. - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. . . . . . Local.

c. 15. Wool .... . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. ..... . Private.

c. 17. Ecclesiastical jurisdiction - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 18. ..... . Private.

c. 19. Fines of lands in Lancashire . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 20. ..... . Private.

c. 21. Benefice - . Rep., 1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. s. 15.

c. 22. Juries - -1

c. 23. - Continuance of Acts 4 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 24, 25. Taxation ... -/

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

1 Edw. 6.

c. 1. Sacrament of the altar - - 527

c.2. Election of bishops - - -1

c.3. Vagabonds, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Tenures - - - J

c. 5. Exportation - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4.

c. 6. Worsted yarn - - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c.7. Non-discontinuance of suits by demise Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 531

of Crown, &c. 1863.

c.8. * Private.

c. 9. . Local.

c. 10. Wales & Chester - - - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 11. Repeal of 28 Hen. 8. c. 17. Determined & annulled, 24 Geo. 2.

c. 24. s. 23.

c. 12. Repeal of certain statutes concerning Rep. in part — 532

treason & felony. 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1. 4 & 5 Vict. c. 22. Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. Taxation ----- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. Dissolution of colleges - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 15. General pardon - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

2 8c 3 Edw. 6.

c. 1. Uniformity of service & administration - 535

of the sacraments.

c.2. Soldiers -

c.3. Purveyors - - - -

c. 4. Sheriffs - - - - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. Certain fee-farms - -

c.6. Traffic with Iceland, &c.

c. 7. ----- Private.

c.8. Proceedings on inquisitions of escheators Rej). in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 540

c. 9. Leather - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 10. Malt - - . - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. Leather - - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 12. . ' - Private.

c. 13. Tithes & offerings - - | Rep. in part, 1 Will. 4. c. 21. s. 2. Sect. 16. local. 542

c. 14. Hail-fehot - Rep., 6 & 7 Will. & Mar. (6 & 7 Will. 3., Ruff.) c. 13. s. 3.

c. 15. Victuallers, &c. - - - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 129. s. 2.

c. 16. Custody of castles, &c. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 17,18. - - Personal.

c. 19. Abstinence from flesh - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 20. Penalty for default of payment of tenths m m m m 545

c. 21. Marriage of priests - - - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 22. Customs - - - - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 23. Marriages dissoluble on proof of pre- - , 547

contract. Rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

c. 24. Criminal law - - - -

c. 25. Sheriff's County Court - - Sect. 2. (s. 3., Ruff.) local 548

c. 26. Exportation - - - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c. 27. Gads of steel - - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 28. c. 29. Fines of lands, Cheshire - - \ Sodomy - - - - / Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 30. ----- Local.

c. 31. c. 32. Recognizances - - -1 Perpetuation of Acts - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 33. Horse stealing - - - Rep., 7 8c 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. 8. 1.

c. 34. cc. 35, 36. - Sheriff of Northumberland - -1 Taxation - - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 37- Exportation - - - Rep., 53 Geo. 3. c* 45.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

2 & 3 Edw. 6. (cojti.)

c. 38. - Calais ...

c. 39. 3 & 4 Edw. 6. - General pardon - *} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. - Custos rotulorum -J

c. 2. - Woollen cloths - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 3. - Improvement of commons & waste grounds. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 549

c. 4. - Proof of title to lands, &c. granted by - 551

letters patent.

c. 5. - Riot - . Determined, 1 Mar. Sess. 2. c. 12.

Leather - Wild fowl ... s. 22.

c. 6. c. 7. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. - Commissions of sewers Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 552

1863.

c. 9. - Buying of hides - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 10. - Abolition of certain books & images - Reserved for supplementalvolume.

c. 11. c. 12. Canon law ... Consecration of bishops, &c. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 13,14. . Personal.

c. 15. - Prophecies - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. Vagabonds' -Unlawful hunting -Certain fee-farm rents - . Rep., 21 Ja. l. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 17. c. 18. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 19. . Buying cattle Rep., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 24. s. 2.

c. 20. - Victuallers, &o. c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 21. . Butter & cheese . Rep., 12 Geo. 3. c. 71. s. 1.

c. 22. - Journeymen - - . -1

c. 23. - Taxation - - - 4 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. '

c. 24. - General pardon J

5 & 6 Edw. 6.

o. 1. - Uniformity of common prayer, &c. - Rep. in part, 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. 8 1 553

c. 2. _ Poor - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863,

c. 3. c. 4. - Holidays & fasting days Brawling in churches & churchyards: Rep. in part, 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1. 556 557

c. 5. - Tillage - . Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 6. - Woollen doth - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 7. Wool ... _ Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 8. - Woollen cloth - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. - Robbery ... . Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s'. 1.

c. 10. - Robbery - . Rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

c. 11. Punishment of treason . Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 558

1863.

c. 12. - Marriage of priests . Reserved for supplementalvolume.

c. 13. . Monasteries, &c. . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. c. 15. - Forestalled ... r Rep., 12 Geo. 3. c. 7L s. 1. Rep. in part, 7 & 8 Vict. c. 24.

" -{ s. 2. Residue local.

c. 16. - Buying & selling of offices Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 559

1863.

c. 17. . Continuance of Acts . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 18. - Navigation ... . Rep., 3. Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 19. - Money - - - - Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. 1.

c. 20. - Usury .--- - Reg., 13 Eliz. c. 8. s. 1. (s. 2.,

c.2J. * Pedlars . - - Rep.^ Ja. 1. c. 25. s. 7. (2 [vulgo 1] Ja. 1. c. 25. ss. 42, 47., Ruff.).

c. 22. - Gig mills - . Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 23. - Stuffing of feather beds, &c. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

5 & 6 Edw. 6. (cont.) :

c. 24. - Making of hats, &c. - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 25. - Alehouses - - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 61. s. 35.

c. 26. " Currency of writs of proclamation the county palatine of Lancaster. in Reserved for supplemental volume.

7 Edw. 6.

c. 1. c. 2. Crown revenues Dissolution of certain courts Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. - .... Private.

c. 4. - Payment of tenths - , Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 561

- 1863.

c. 5. - Wines - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 6. - Exportation ... - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. - Assise of fuel - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 8. Fulling of caps - Rep., 1 Ja. 1. c. 25. s. 7. (2 [vulgo 1] Ja. 1. c. 25. ss. 38, 47., Ruff.).

c. 9. - Cloths - - Rep., 27 Eliz. c. 18. s. 1. (s. 4.,

Ruff.).

c. 10. - Town of Gateside . Rep., 1 Mar. Sess. 3. c. 3. s. 1.

c. 11. - Continuance of Acta - -1

cc. 12,13, - Taxation ... - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. - General pardon Repeal of certain treasons, &c. -J

1 Mar. Seas. 1. - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 563

1863.

1 Mar. Sess. 2.

c. 1. - Legitimacy of the Queen, &c. - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 2. - Repeal of certain Acts - - Rep., 1 Ja. 1. c. 25. s. 8. (2

[vulgo 1] Ja. 1. c. 25. s. 48., Ruff.).

c.3. Disturbance of divine service - - 565

c. 4. c. 5. Validity of certain writings, &c. Limitation of actions - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. Treason - Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. 1.

c. 7. Fines of land - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Prohibition against sheriff acting as W 568

justice of the peace. 569

c. 9. Confirmation of incorporation of College -

of Physicians, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. Dissolution of courts - .

c. 11. Hats & caps ... - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c. 12. i i "S 42 -1

c. 13. Continuance of Acts -\ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. Gaols ... -I

c. 15. - . Local.

c. 16. ..... . Personal.

cc. 17, 18. Taxation - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

1 Mar. Seas. 3.

c. 1. Regal power of Queen Regent - - - 570

c. 2. Queen Mary's marriage - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. ..... - Local.

e. 4. Establishment of office of lord steward Reservedfor supplemental volume.

cc. 5, 6. . . - Local.

c. 7. Cloth making - - - Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 8. Leather - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 9. Cathedral, &c. churches - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 10, 11. ..... Local.

c. 12. Continuance of Acts . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

1 & 2 Phil. & Mar.

c. 1. c. 2. Signing of letters patent, &c. -Apparel - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep., 1 Ja. 1. c. 25. s. 7. (2

[vulgo 11 Ja. 1. c. 25. SB. 45, 47.,RuffO.

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

1 & 2 Phil. & Mar.

(cont.)

c. 3. Seditious words - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Egyptians - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 5. Exportation - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. Heresy - - - Rep., 1 Eliz. c. 1. s. 6. (s. 15.,

Ruff.).

c.7. Towns corporate - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 8. c. 9. See of Rome Traitorous words Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. Treason & misprision of treason Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 572

c. 11. Counterfeit coin - Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. 1.

c. 12. impounding of distresses - - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 672

1863.

c. 13. Criminal law - - Rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

c. 14. Worsteds. Norfolk - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. Confirmation of liberties of the lords Reserved for supplemental volume.

marchers in Wales.

c. 16. Continuance of certain Acts m

c. 17. Leases - - -

2 & 3 Phil. & Mar. > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. Northern borders - -

c.2. Tillage - -J

c.3. Increase of cattle _ - Rep., 12 Geo. 3. c. 71. 1.

c. 4. First fruits, &c. * - Rep., 1 Eliz. c. 4. s. 1. (s. 22., Ruff.).

c. 5. c. 6. Poor Purveyors _ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. Buying & selling of stolen horses - 573

c. 8. Highways - - Rep., 7 Geo. 3. c. 42. s. 57.

c. 9. Gaming - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. Criminal law - - - Rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

c. 11. c. 12. Weavers Cloths * Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 13. Buying of wool, Halifax - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. - - - Load.

o. 15. Purveyors - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. Thames watermen - . Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. lxxv. s. 1.

c. 17. - - . Personal.

c. 18. Commissions of the peace & gaol de- - 575

c. 19. livery in corporate towns. Local.


c. 20. . - . . Private.

c. 21. cc. 22, 23. - Continuance of Acts Taxation Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

4 & 5 Phil. & Mar.

c. 1. .... - Private.

c.2. Military service - - - Rep., 1 Ja. 1. c. 25. s. 7. (2

fvulgo 1J Ja. 1. c. 25. ss. 46,

47., Ruff.)

c.3. Military service - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Accessaries in murder, &c. * V Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1. Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1. (see

c. 5. Woollen cloths - local savings). Rep. in part, 55 Geo. 3. c. xciii. 8. 1. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. Aliens - L

c.7. Juries - - - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

c. 8. Abduction - - . Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

P Q cc. io, ii. - Continuance of Acts -Taxation - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

(*) cc. 1, 20., private, Ruff.

Year, statute md chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

1 Eli*.

. c. 1. Supremacy of the Crown in ecclesiastical & spiritual matters. Rep. in part — 16 Cha. 1. c. 11. s. 1. (s. 3., 576

Ruff.); repeal conf., 13 Cha. 2. St. 1. c. 12. s. 3.

. 9 & 10 Vict., c. 59. s. 1. Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. Uniformity of common prayer, &c. Rep. in part — 583

9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. s. 1. Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. Recognition of the Queen's title to the Reserved for supplemental volume.

Crown. '

c. 4. Restitution of first fruits & tenths to Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, * 587

the Crown. 1863.

c. 5. Treason - - " " 1 i

c. 6. Seditious words - - - - 1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

C. 7. Exportation - - - J [

cc. 8, 9. Leather - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 10. Exportation - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c. 11. Customs - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

c. 12. Linen - - - - i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. Navigation - - -Woollen cloths - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 14. Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 15. Timber - - - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 16. Riot - r Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep. in part —

18 Geo. 3. c. 33. s. 1.

c. 17. Fishery - - - -<{ l 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. s. 39. Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

, Continuance of Acts - L Residue expired.

c. 18. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 19. Limitation of power of alienation by bishops. Re|). in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 598

cc. 20, 21. -c. 22. Taxation - - - - ] Regulation of royal foundations - J I- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

tsc. 23, 24. (!) ...... Private.

5 Elis.

c. 1. Supremacy of the Crown Tillage - Rep., 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. a. 1.

c. 2. Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 3. Poor - - Rep., 14 Eliz. c. 5. s. 1.

. Rep. in part — 5 & 6 Will. & Mar. c. 9. 598

c. 4. Regulations as to servants, artificers, labourers & apprentices 54 Geo. 3. c. 96. s. 1. 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

Sects. 27, 33, 36. (ss. 34,40,44.,

i Ruff.) local.

c. 5. Maintenance of the navy Rep., 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. s. 71*

c. 6. Foreign stuffs - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. Importation - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 10.

c. 8. Leather - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 9. Perjury & subornation of perjury Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 609

1863.

e. 10. Embezzlement - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27.s. 1.

c. 11. Clipping coin - - - Rep., 2 & 3 Wilf. 4. c. 34. s. 1.

c. 12. Com, &c. - Rep., 12 Geo. 3. c. 71* 8. 1.

c. 13. ' - Highways - - - Rep., 7 Geo. 3. c. 42. s. 57.

c. 14. Forgery - Rep., 11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4.

c. 66. s. 31.

c. 15. False prophecies - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. Witchcraft - Rep., 1 (2 [Vulgo 1], Ruff.) Ja. 1.

lxxxii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial' omission. Page.

5 Elis. (cont.)

c. 17. Sodomy - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

e. 18. Lord keeper of the great seal - .... 613

c. 19. Exportation - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 20. Egyptians - - ^ - Rep., 23 Geo. 3. c. 51.

c. 21. Unlawful fishing, &c. - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 22. Exportation - - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4.

c. 23. Execution of writ de excommunicato 613

capiendo.

c. 24. Gaols ----- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 25. - Juries ----- Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

c. 26. , - Inrolment of bargains & sales in Lan- . 618

caster, Ac.

c. 27. Fines of land - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 28. Translation of Bible, &c. into Welsh - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 29. Taxation - - -

c.30.0) - General pardon -

e.31.(*) -c. 32. (*) - Taxation - - - I Expenses of the Queen's household - [ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

8 Elis.

c. 1. Bishops - * - -

c.2. Defendant's costs on discontinuance, &c. - - a - - 619

o.3. Exportation - Rep., 3 Geo/4. c. 41. s. 4.

o. 4. Benefit of clergy - - -Judgment of delegates Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 5. Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 92. s. 2.

c.6. Exportation - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4.

c.7. Drapers, &c., Shrewsbury Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.8. Horses - - - * " 1

c. 9. Prices of barrels, &c. - - - V Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

o. 10. Bows - - - - - J

c. 11. Hats & caps - Rep., 17 Geo. 3. c. 55. s. 1.

c. 12. Cloths, Lancashire - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 13. Sea marks - Rep., 27 & 28 Vict. c. 113. s. 49.

o. 14. Leather - - - -

c. 15. Preservation of grain

c. 16. cc. 17,18. (4) Sheriffs - I Taxation - - - - | Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 19. (*) - General pardon -

c. 20. Criminal law -

cc. 21, 22. (6) . Private.

13 Eliz.

c. 1. Treason - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. Bringing in or executing of bulls, &c., from Rome. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 622

c. 3. Fugitives - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Liability of lands of accountants to the Crown. Re|). in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 625

c. 5. Fraudulent conveyances Re|>. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 627

c. 6. Evidence of crown grants - 629

c.7. Bankrupts - - - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 16. s. L

c. 8. Usury - Rep., 17 & 18 Vict. c. 90. s. 1.

c. 9. Commissions of sewers Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 630

1863.

c. 10. Fraudulent conveyances by bishops. - 631

&c .: College, &c. leases.

c. 11. Navigation - - - - Rep. — in part, 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2. (see local saving).

residue, 5 Geo. 4. c. 74. s. 23.

(l) c. 31., Ruff. (5) c. 1., private, Ruff. (6) c. 18., Ruff.

(*) c. 30., Ruff. (4) c. 18. is c. 19., Ruff. (6) cc. 4,13., private, Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

13 Elia, (con/.)

c. 12. - Reformation of disorders touching Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 633

ministers of the church.

c. 13. - Tillage ... - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. c. 15. - Importation Hoys - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. 8. 2.

c. 16. . _ Personal.

c. 17. . - . Private.

c. 18. - .... . Local.

c. 19. - Caps - - - - - Rep., 39 Eliz. c. 18. s. 5. (s. 45., Ruff.).

c. 20. - Leases of benefices, &c. . Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 634

1863.

c. 21. c. 22. * Purveyance -Sheriffs Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 23, 24. . . . . Local.

c. 25. - Continuance of Acts -1

cc. 26, 27. - Taxation ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 28. - General pardon - -J

c. 29. 14 Elia. Incorporation of the universities Oxford & Cambridge. of 635

c. 1. c. 2. - Rebellion ... Escape of traitors :} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. - Coin - - Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. 1.

c. 4. - Exportation

c. 5. - Vagabonds, &c.

c. 6. - Fugitives - V Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. Tenths - .

c.8. - Recoveries -

c. 9. - Juries - - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.'

c. 10. - Kerseys - Rep., 3 Ja. 1. c. 16. s. 1. (s. 2., Ruff.).'

c. 11. - College, &c. leases: Dilapidations - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 638

c. 12. - Partial repeal of 8. Eliz. c. 7* - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. - ..... . Local.

c. 14. - Confirmation of gifts to existing hos- - 639

pitals, &c.

18 EH*.

c. 1. - Coin . Rep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. 1.

c. 2. . . . . - - Private.

c. 3. - Poor ... . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. - .... . Private.

c. 5. - Actions by common informers - . Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 641

1863.

c. 6. . . Private.

c. 7. - Benefit of clergy - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 8. . Welsh circuits - , . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. . Exportation - . - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4.

c. 10. - Highways f Rep., 7 Geo. 3. c. 42. s. 57* Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 643

c. 11. - College, &Cr leases -

1 Sect. 4. (ss. 5, 6., Ruff.) personal.

c. 12. - Trials at nisi prius in Middlesex . - 644

c. 13. - Knight service . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. - Stay, &c. of judgment after verdict - Rep. in part, 6 & 7 Vict. c. 73, s. 1. 646

c. 15. - Penalty on Goldsmiths9 Company for * 646

wrongfully marking plate. Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. 11.

c. 16. - Clothiers - .

ce. 17-21. - - - . Local.

cc. 22, 23. c. 24. Taxation General pardon Rep., Stat, Law Rev. Act, 1863.

- f 2

I

lxxxiv

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(*) c. 12., private, Ruff.

(2) c. 17., private, Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. 1 Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. i Page.

23 Eliz.

c. 1. . Religion . Rep., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 102.

c. 2. * Seditious words Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act,

c. 3. - Fines & recoveries - 1863. Residue reserved for supplemental

volume.

c. 4. v - Border defences . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. _ Preservation of wood - Rep., 19 &. 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 6. . _ . Local.

c. 7. - Navigation - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 8. . Wax - . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 9. . Dying of cloth . Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 10.. . Game - - Rep., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

cc. 11-13. . .... . Local.

cc. 14, 15. c. 16. - Taxation -General pardon - \ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

C. 17. (') . .... . Private.

*27 Eliz.

c. 1. _ Safety of the Queen, c. - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. - Jesuits, &c. . Rep., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 102.

c. 3. . Sale of crown debtors lands after death Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 647

1863.

c. 4. - Fraudulent conveyances - Rep., in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 649

c. 5. . . Amendment of pleadings . 652

cc. 6, 7. . Juries - - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

c. 8. - Error from Queen's Bench - 1 r Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act. 1863. Re|). in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, Residue reserved for supplemental

c. 9. - Fines & recoveries in Wales, &c. - i 1

v I L volume.

c. 10. c. 11. - Common informers -Continuance, &c. of Acts - -i I- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. - Swearing of under sheriffs, &c. - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 652

c. 13. . Hue & cry Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 14. - Malt - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. Importation - - - . Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 16. Leather - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 17, 18. . Cloths - . Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 19. . Preservation of timber . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

cc. 20-22. . ..... . Local.

c. 23. . Clothiers - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 24-27. . ..... . Local.

cc. 28, 29 c. 30. - Taxation -, General pardon -i i- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 31. (') . ..... . Private.

29 Eliz.

c. 1. ..... . Personal.

c. 2. c. 3. - Error in attainders Assurances by certain traitors -i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. . Sheriffs', &c. poundage on execution . - 654

c. 5. - Defendant's appearance by attorney in Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 655

« penal actions. 1863.

c. 6. Religion . Rep., 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. s. 1.

cc. 7, 8. . Taxation ...

c. 9. General pardon .

31 Eliz. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. . Error - .

c. 2. _ Fines of lafid ...

c. 3. - Proclamations in outlawry - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 656

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

Year, statute and chapter. i Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page-

31 Elis. (cont.) i

c. 4. Embezzlement ...

c. 5. Informations, <fcc. on penal statutes | Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1. 657

c. 6. Corrupt elections to fellowships, &c .: i - 659

Simoniacal presentations to benefices, &c.

c.7. Erecting of cottages - Sale of beer - - - - | [ Rep., 15 Geo. 3. c. 32.

c. 8. 1 Rep. Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. Currency of writs of proclamation in Reserved for supplemental volume.

county palatine of Durham. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act,

c. 10. Defendant's appearance by attorney in penal actions. 663

c. 11. Limitation of proceedings on indict- 1 ment for forcible entry. - 664

c. 12. Horse stealing - * Rep. in part, 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1. 664

c. 13. - | Local.

cc. 14, 15. -c. 16. Taxation - - - - \ General pardon - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

35 Eli*-

c. 1. c. 2. Religion - - - -1 Popish recusants - - - J Rep., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 102.

c. 3. Explanation of 34 & 35 Hen. 8. c. 21. - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 4. Disabled soldiers ... Rep. 43 Eliz. c. 3. s. 1.

c. 5. . . .... Private..

c. 6. - Local.

c. /. Continuance of Acts - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Cordage .... Rep., 25 Geo. 3. c. 56. s. 1.

c. 9. Cloths - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 10. Cloth - Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 11. Clapboard .... Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4.

cc. 12,13. - Taxation

c. 14. General pardon - - - j

39 Eli*. c. 1. l Houses of husbandry - - f Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c« 2. Tillage -

c.3. Poor - - - - - J

c. 4. Vagabonds - - - Rep., 13 Ann. c. 26. (12 Ann. St. 2. c. 23., Ruff.) s. 28/

c. 5. Erection of hospitals, &c. for the poor - .... 667

c. 6. Charitable trusts ... Rep., 43 Eliz. c. 9. s. 4. (3. 30., fluff.).

c. 7. c. S. Crown debts - - - - \ Bishops - - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. Abduction - - - - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 10. Navigation - - - Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 11. Dying of doth -"I

c. 12. c. 13. Labourers - - - I Fustians - -. - - [ Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. Importation - - -J

c. 15. Robbery .... Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 16. Malt ... Rep., 9 Will. 3. c. 22.

c. 17. Vagabonds - - - - Rep., 52 Geo. 3. c. 31.

c. 18. Continuance, See. of Acts Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 19. Highways - Rep., 7 Geo. 3. c. 42. s. 57.

c. 20. Cloth - - ... Rep., see —

49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1. (see

local savings). 55 Geo. 3. c. xciii. ,s. 1.

c. 21. Disabled soldiers Rep., 43 Eliz. c. 3. s. 1.

c. 22. ...... Private.

cc. 23-25. - ...... Local.

cc. 26, 27. -c. 28. Taxation - - - " ' \1 General pardon - - - / Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

i

r

lxxxvi

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(') 2 [vulflo 1], Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial * omission.

43 Eliz. 1

c. 1. Confirmation of certain grants - r | Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 1 Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, | 1863. 670

c. 2. Relief of the poor - - - <

Sect 17. (s. 18., Ruff.) local.

c. 3. Disabled soldiers - Rep., Stat, Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Commissions to inquire into applica- 674

tion of charitable funds.

c. 5. Removal of causes from inferior courts Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 67/^|

c. 6. Frivolous suits - - -; Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 678

i 1863.

c. 7. Robbing of orchards, &c. Fraudulent administration of intestate's Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 8. - 679

goods.

c. 9. Continuance of Acts, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. Woollen cloth - - - Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 1.

c. 11. ...... Load.

c. 12. Policies of assurance - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. Outrages in northern counties Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 14. c. 15. Assise of fuel - - - - \ Fines of land - - ^ / Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. ...... Local.

cc. 17, 18. -c. 19. Taxation , - -1 General pardon - - - / Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

1 (l) Ja. 1.

c. 1. Succession of the Crown Reserved for supplemental volume.

c.2. Union of England & Scotland Prohibition against* alienating posses- Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. - 680

sions of bishops' sees to Crown. Rep., 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. s.-l.

o. 4. 1 Jesuits, &c.

c. 5. Prevention of overcharge by stewards of - 682

court leets, &c.

c. 6. Labourers Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 7. Vagabonds - . - Rep., 13 Ann. c. 26. (12 Ann.

St. 2. c. 23., Ruff.) s. 28.

c. 8. j Stabbing - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 9. - Inns - Rep., 9 Geo. 4./J. 61. s. 35.

o. 10. 1 Officers of courts - - - 1 Rep., Stat. La^Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. 1 Bigamy - - - . - Rep., 9 Geo. 4rc. 31. 8. 1. 1

c. 12. | Witchcraft - Rep., 9 Geo. 2. c. 5. s. 1.

c. 13. Discharge from execution by privilege - 682

1 of Parliament.

c. 14. Small debts, &c., London Rep., 3 Ja, 1. c. 15. s. 3. (s. 7., 1 Ruff.).

c. 15. Bankrupts .... Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 16. s. 1.

c. 16. Thames watermen - - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. lxxv. s. 1.

c. 17. Hate ..... Rep., 17 Geo. 3. c. 55. s. 1.

c. 18. Hops - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 19. * - Spices - Rep., 6 Ann. c. 68. (c. 16., Ruff.) s. 1. Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 20. Painting - ....

c. 21. - 1 Sale, &c., of stolen goods to pawn- - 683

brokers.

c. 22. Leather - Rep., 48 Geo. 3. c. 60. s. 1.

c. 23. Fishery - .... Local.

c. 24. Sail cloth - - - -1

c. 25. Continuance of Acts, &c - I Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863;

c. 26. Exchequer - - - - J

c. 27. Game ..... Rep., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

c. 28. - Local.

1 Year, statute and ft chapter. Subject-matter. Reaaqn for total or partial omission. Page.

A Ja. 1. (con/.)

f c. 29. - Increase of seamen - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

/ c. 30. . ..... - Local.

[ c. 31. - The plague ... - Rep., 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 91. 8.4. Local.

r c. 32. . . . _

c. 33. - Taxation ... - - | Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

3 Ja. 1.

c. 1. -1 Observance of 5th November - . Rep., 22 Vict. c. 2.

c. 2. _ ..... - Personal.

c. 3. - Union of England & Scotland - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.'

c. 4. - Popish recusants - Rep., 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. s. 1.

c. 5. - Prohibition against popish recusants Rep. in part, 7 & 8 Vict. c. 102- 686

c. 6. . presenting to benefices. Foreign trade ... _ 1 Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 2.

c. 7. - Attorneys - - ^ - - Rep., 6 & 7 Vict. c. 73. s. 1.

c. 8. - Execution ... . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. - Skinners ... . Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 10. - Costs of conveying prisoners to gaol - Rep. inpartA 27 Geo. 2. c. 3. s. 2. 687

' - Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. . Exportation ... . Rep., 3 Geo. 4. c. 41. s. 4.

c. 12. - Fish - i Rep., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. s. 39.

c. 13. - Stealing of deer, &c. . | Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

cc. 14,15. . ----- - Local.

c. 16. c. 17. - Kerseys -Welsh cottons -i [ j Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

cc. 18, 19. - ----- - * Local.

c. 20. - The Thames - -v - j i Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 32. s. 9.*(s. 8., Ruff.).

c. 21. - Plays - Rep., 6 & 7 Vict. c. 68. s. 1.

cc. 22-24. . _ - * Local.

cc. 25, 20. - Taxation ... 11 a

c. 27. 4 Ja. 1. - General pardon -1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. - | Union of England & Scotland - -J 1

c. 2. - Woollen cloths - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 3. - 1 Costs on nonsuit or verdict for defen- - - - - - 689

1 dant.

c. 4. c. 5. - Sale of beer Drunkenness -:) Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 61. s. 35.

c. 6. - Leather - - - - - 1 Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

cc. 7, 8. . - - , Local.

c. 9. - Explanation of 3 Ja. 1. c. 6. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 10-13. - - - Local.

7 Ja. 1. |

c. 1. . Criminal law ... - I Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. . Naturalization or restoration in blood - 1 Rep., 33 & 34 Vict. c. 14. s. 18.

c. 3. - ' Apprentice ... i - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863,

except as to gifts already made.

c. 4. - 1 Vagabonds ... - ' Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - i Actions against justices of the peace. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 690

&c. 1863.

c. 6. - Oath of allegiance, &c. - Rep., 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. s. 1.

c. 7. c. 8. - 1 Wool sorters, &c. I Cattle ... H Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. . | - . | Local.

c. 10. . Alehouses - - i Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 61. s. 35.

c. 11. . Game - . Rep., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

c. 12. . I Limitation of time during which shop Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 691 '

, books are evidence. 1863.

c. 13. . Deer stealing, &c. . Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 14. - 1 Horns - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — .

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission.

7 Ja. 1. (cont.) /

c. 15. Restriction on assignment to the Crown . . 692

of debts.

c. 16. c. 17. Cloths - - - -Burning of moor - - - / 1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 18-20. - - - Local.

c. 21. . - - Private.

cc. 22,23. -c. 24. Taxation - - - \ General pardon - - - / Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

21 Ja. 1.

c. 1. Erection of hospitals, &c., for the poor - 692

c.2. Crown suits, &c. - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 693

c. 3. Abolition of monopolies, &c. - - 1863.

Sects. 13, 14. personal.

c. 4. Informations, &c., on penal statutes - . 69/

c. 5. c. 6. Sheriffs - - - - \ Female convicts - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c.7. Repression of drunkenness Rep. in part — % 699

9 Geo. 4. c. 61. s. 35.

Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. Surety of the peace: Certiorari - 699

c. 9. Welsh cloths - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. Amendment of 34 & 35 Hen. 8. c. 26. - Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 11. ----- Personal.

c. 12. Yenue, &c.t in actions against justices Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 702

of the peace, &c. 1863.

c. 13. Stay, &c.i of judgment after verdict - - 703

c. 14. Pleadings, &c., in informations of in- - 704

trusion.

c. 15. Restitution of possession of estates for - 704

years upon indictments of forcible entry. Rep. in part, Stat. Law'Rev. Act, 705

c. 16. Limitation of actions -

1863.

c. 17. Usury - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 18. Woollen cloths - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 19. Bankrupts - - - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 16. s. 1.

c. 20. Profane swearing Rep., 19 Geo. 2. c. 21. s. 15.

c. 21. Horsebread - - - * - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 22. Butter & cheese - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 706

c. 23. Removal of suits from inferior courts - -

c. 24. Execution against lands & goods of - 708

deceased debtor. 709

c. 25. Relief of holders of crown lands in -

-cases of forfeiture.

c. 26. Fines & recoveries^ - - Rep., 11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4.

c. 66. s. 31.

c. 27. Concealment of birth of bastards Rep., 43 Geo. c. 58. s. 3.

c. 28. Continuance of Acts, &c. Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 29, 30. - ...... Private.

cc. 31, 32. - ...... Local.

cc. 33, 34. -c. 35. Taxation - - - - \ General pardon - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

1 Cha. 1.

c. 1. Profanation of the Lord's day Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 710

1863.

c. 2. * . . _ ... Private.

c. 3. Licences of alienation - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. Alehouses ... - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 61. s. 35.

cc. 5, 6. c. 7. Paritament * . ' - *- Act' 1863'

lxxxix

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(* *) This precedes c. 1., Ruff.

(*) c. 1., Ruff.

(») c. 2., Ruff.

0 c. 3., Ruff. 0 c. 4., Ruff. 0 c. 5., Ruff.

(7) cc. 6, 7., Ruff.

(8) c. 1., private, Ruff.

Tear, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

3 Ch». 1.

c. !.(*). - Wrongful imprisonment: Martial law, - 712

c. 2. (*) _ Observance of the Lord's day - . Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 714

1863.

c. 3. (*) - Popery .... - Rep., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 102. s. 1.

c. 4. (') - Alehouses ... . Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 61. s. 35.

c. 5. (') - Continuance of Acts, &c. - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. () - . - Private.

cc. 7,8.0 - Taxation - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 18(3.

16 Cha. 1.

c. 1. - Parliament ... . Rep., 16 Cha. 2. c. 1.

cc. 2-4. _ Taxation ...

c. 5. - Impressment of seamen -

c. 6. - Michaelmas term - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

C. 7. - Parliament ...

cc. 8, 9. _ Taxation ...

c. 10. . Abolition of the Star Chamber & regu- .... 716

lation of the privy council: Habeas

c. 11. _ corpus. Abolition of High Commission Court, Rep. in part, 13 Cha. 2. St. 1. 720

&c. c. 12. s. 2.

c. 12. c. 13.: Taxation -Payment for billets :} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. - Illegality of the late proceedings con- Reserved for supplemental volume.

cerning ship money.

c. 15. - Incroachments & oppressions in the . 721

c. 16. _ stannary courts. Bounds of forests Reservedfor supplemental volume.

c. 17. - Pacification, England & Scotland

c. 18* - Payment to Scotland - .

c. 19. c. 20. Clerk of the market, &c. -Knighthood ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 21. - Gunpowder - -

c. 22. - Subsidy - -

c. 23. Impressment of seamen - - Rep., 16 Cha. 1. c. 26. s. 4.

c. 24. - Suppression of piracy -1

c. 25. - Taxation ... Rep., Start. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 26. - Impressment of seamen -J

c. 27. - Clergy - - . Rep., 13 Cha. 2. St. 1. c. 2.

c. 28. - Impressment of soldiers Subsidy . -Relief of Ireland -i

c. 29. c. 30.; : Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

cc. 31, 32. Taxation ... -J

cc. 33^35. - . Private.

c. 36. - Taxation - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 37. - . . Private.

c. 38. (8) - Attainder of earl of Strafford - Rep., 14 (13 & 14, Ruff.) Cha. 2.

c. 29.

12 Cha. 2.

c. 1. - Legality of the present Parliament - Reservedfor supplemental volume.

c. 2. c. 3. Taxation ... Continuance of process, &c. :} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. - Subsidy - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

c. 5. c. 6.: Excise . . . Commissions of sewers - :} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. - . Private.

c. 8. - Excise ... - Rep., Stat/ Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

12 Cha. 2. (cont.) i

cc. 9, 10. _ Taxation - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. - General pardon - - -1

c. 12. - Confirmation of legal proceedings V Reserved for supplemental volume.

during the Commonwealth - - J

c. 13. - Usury ----- Rep., 17 & 18 Vict. c. 90. s. 1.

c. 14. - Observance of 29th May Rep., 22 Vict. c. 2.

c. 15. - Disbanding of the army - - *)

c. 16. - Disbanded soldiers - - - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 17. - Restoring of ministers - - J

c. 18. c. 19. - Navigation - - - - \ Customs - - - J Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

cc. 20, 21. _ Taxation - - - - 'i

c. 22. - Bay making, Colchester - - - I Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 23. - Excise - - - - J 1

c. 24. - Abolition of Court of Wards & Liveries, Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 725

tenures in capite, &c.

c. 25. cc. 26-29. - Wine - - - - - \ Taxation ' - - - / f Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep. in part, 22 Vict. c. 2. 1

c. 30. - Attainder of the regicides, &c. - - Residue reserved for supplemental

.volume.

c. 31. - - j; Private. _

c. 32. ; Exportation - - - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 33. - Confirmation of marriages Prohibition against planting, &c. of | Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 34. - 1 - 731

tobacco.

c. 35. _ Post office - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 36. - The Rolls estate - Rep., 17 Geo. 3. c. 59. ss. 1, 2.

13 Cha. 2. St. 1..

c. 1. - Treasonable practices against the King Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 732

& his government. 1863.

c. 2. - Clergy - - - - ]

c. 3. - Vesting of certain monies, &c. in the > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

King' - - - - -J

c. 4. - Declaration against levying of aids but Reserved for supplemental volume.

by authority of Parliament.

c. 5. - Petitions, &c. to the King or Parlia- - 735

ment. f Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act,

c. 6. - The King's sole right over the militia, J 1863.

&c. 1 Residue reserved for supplemental

L volume.

c. 7. c. 8. - Confirmation of Acts - - - \ Provision for the King's journeys - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 9. - - Navy - Rep., 22 Geo. 2. c. 33. s. 1.

c. 10. - Hunting of deer - - - Rep., 16 Geo. 3. c. 30. s. 27.

c. 11. - Confirmation of Acts - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. - Ecclesiastical jurisdiction, &c. - - 736

c. 13. c. 14. " Arrears of .excise - - - \ Confirmation of Acts - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 15. - Personal.

13 Cha. 2. St. 2. f Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 738

c. 1. - Regulation of municipal corporations - 1863. Sect. 13. (s. 16., Ruff.) local.

c. 2. - Vexatious arrests, &c. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 740

c. 3. . Taxation - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. - - Private. 1

i

xci

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

l) 13 & 14, Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

14 (*) Cha. 2.

c. 1. - Quakers - Rep., 52 Geo. 3. c. 155. s. 1.

c. 2. . ...... Local.

Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act,

c. 3. - Militia - - - -< 1863. Residue reserved for supplemental

volume.

: Rep. in part — 742

Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 4. - Uniformity of public prayers, &c. 28 & 29 Vict. c. 122. s. 15.

Sect. 25. (s. 29., Ruff.) personal

or local.

c. 5. . Stuffs - - - - -1

c. 6. - Highways - - - |

c. 7- . Leather - - - - /> Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. - Taxation, &c. - - - I

c. 9. _ Disabled soldiers - - - J

c. 10. - Taxation - - - Rep., 1 Will. & Mar. c. 10. s. 1. (s. 2., Ruff.).

c. 11. - Customs - r Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 752

c. 12. . Relief of the poor - -< 1863.

Sect. 24. personal or local.

c. 13. - Foreign bone-lace, &c. Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

c. 14. - Prize goods -

c. 15. - Silk throwing -

c. 16. - Accountants excepted from the Act of > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

Oblivion -

c. 17. - Collectors of public money - Rep., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64.

c. 18. - Wool

o. 19. - Foreign wool-cards, &c. Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

c. 20. - Navy & ordnance - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

C. 21. - Prevention of unnecessary charge of sheriffs, &c. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 755

c. 22. c. 23. - Moss troopers - - \ Policies of assurance - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 24. - Bankrupts - - - - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 16. s. 1.

c. 25. - - - Private.

c. 26. - Packing of butter - - Rep., 36 Geo. 3. c. 86. s. 19.

c. 27. - . ..... Local.

c. 28. - Pilchard fishery - - - - Rep., 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. s. 71.

c. 29. - ----- Personal.

c. 30. - Madder ... Rep., 15 Cha. 2. c. 16. s. 5. (s. 3., Ruff.).

c. 31. - Coin - - - - Rep., 59 Geo. 3. c. 49. s. 11.

c. 32. c. 33. - Woollen cloth - - - \ Licensing of the press - - / Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

15 Cha. 2.

c. 1- - - Local.

c. 2. - Destruction of trees - - - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 3. Taxation .... r Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, Residue reserved for supplemental

c. 4. - Militia -«

I volume.

c. 5. - Select vestries - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. - Explanation of the Act of Uniformity - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 756

1863. 757

c. 7. - Increase of penalties for planting, &c. Rep., semb. in part, 6 Geo. 4.

tobacco. c. 105., see 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 13. 8. 1.

c. 8. - Butchers - - | Rep., 12 Geo. 3. c. 7L * L

(*) To c. 5. inclusive, 18 Cha. 2., Ruff.

(8) 19 Cha. 2. c. 1., Ruff.

(*) 19 Cha. 2. c. 2.* Ruff. (4) 19 Cha. 2. c. 3., Ruff.

(*) 19 Cha. 2. c. 4., Ruff. (6) 19 Cha. 2. c. 5., Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

15 Cha. 2. {cont.)

cc. 9, 10. cc. 11,12. - Taxation - - - -1 Excise - - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. . Hearth money - Rep., 1 Will. & Mar. c. 10. s. 1.

. (s. 2., Ruff.). i

c. 14. . Settlement on duke of Yor- - *)

c. 15. _ Linen cloth - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 16. - Fisheries, &c.

c. 17. - Local.

16 Cha. 2.

c. 1. - Holding of Parliaments once in three Reserved for supplemental volume.

c. 2. m years. Error - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 3. - Hearth money - - - Rep., 1 Will. & Mar. c. 10. s. 1. (s. 2., Ruff.).

c. 4. _ Conventicles - - - -1

c. 5. _ Navy - - - - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. . Merchant ships - - - J

c. 7. _ Gaming ----- Rep., 8 & 9 Vict. c. 109. s. 15.

c. 8. - Licensing of the press Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

16 & 17 Cha. 2.

c. 1. - Taxation - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. _ ----- Local.

c. 3. c. 4. - Juries - - - - \ Excise - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - Executions against lands Rej?. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 758

c. 6. c. 7. - Prize goods # - - - - \ Licensing of the press - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 8. - Arrest of judgment, &c. Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 759

1863.

c. 9. - Commissions for taking affidavits in - 761

the Duchy of Lancaster Court.

cc. 10-12. . ----- Local.

17 Cha. 2.

c. 1. _ Taxation - - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. . Non-conformists - Rep., 52 Geo. 3. c. 155. s. 1.

c. 3. - Annexation of tithes impropriate to vicarages - - - - Rep., 1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. s. 15. -Revived in part, 6 & 7 Vict. c. 37. s. 25. 761

c. 4. - Licensing of the press -

c. 5. . Attainder of certain persons - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. .6. - Damage cleer

c. 7. - Proceedings upon distresses & avow- - 762

ries for rents.

c. 8. . . Death between verdict & judgment Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 763

1863.

c. 9. _ Taxation - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

18 & 19 Cha. 2. (*)

c. 1. - Taxation - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. - Importation - - - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

c. 3. c. 4. Moss troopers - - - *1 Burying in woollen - - - J Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. . Coin - - - Rep., 33 & 34 Vict. c. 10. s. 20.

c. 6. « - Taxation - - - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. (3) - Local.

c. 8. («) - Rebuilding of London \ Rep., 11 & 12 Vict., c. clxiii. s. 1.

, C. 9. () - Poor prisoners - - . \ - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 10. (c) - Extension of Act concerning replevins 764

& avowries, to Wales, &c.

xciii

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE — continued.

(*) 19 Cha. 2. c. 6., Ruff. (*) 19 Cha. 2. c. 7., Ruff. (*) 19 Cha. 2. c. 8., Ruff. («) 19 Cha. 2. c. 9., Ruff. (») 19 Cha. 2. c. 10., Ruff. () 19 Cha. 2. c. 11., Ruff.

(7) 19 Cha. 2. c. 12, Ruff. () 19 Cha. 2. c. 13, Ruff. (9) 20 Cha. 2. c. 1, Ruff. (1#) 20 Cha. 2. c. 2, Ruff. (») 20 Cha. 2. c. 3, Ruff. (12) 20 Cha. 2. c. 4., Ruff.

(13) 20 Cha. 2. o. 5, Ruff. (M) 20 Cha. 2. c. 6, Ruff. («) 20 Cha. 2. c. 7., Ruff.

(16) 20 Cha. 2. c. 8, Ruff.

(17) c. 15, private, Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

18 & 19 Cha. 2 .(cont.),

c. 11. (') - Evidence of death of cestui que vie - Re|>. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 764

c. 12. (*) . Navy - - - - -

c. 13. (*) 19 & 20 Cha. 2. - Taxation - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 1. («) - Accounts of public moneys -J

c. 2. <) - - .... - Personal.

c. 3. («) - Prize ships -

c. (') Exchequer orders - 1

c. 5. () Trade - > Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. () _ Taxation ... -1

c. 7. (") _ Public accountants -J |

c. 8. (>) - , Private.

c. 9. (>') _ Error -

c. 10. (») c. 11. (M) - Exportation ... Silk throwing , Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. (") - Importation ... --

c. 13. (") - - - Local.

22 Cha. 2. ' 1

c. 1. . Conventicles - . Rep., 52 Geo. 3. c. 155. s. 1'.

c. 2. - i I * " * . Local.

cc. 3, 4, Taxation . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. - Benefit of clergy - - - Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

cc. 6, 7. - .... . Private.

c. 8. c. 9. - uSon'between England & Scotland -}l Stfrt> Uw ReVl Act'l863<

c. 10. . .... . , Personal.

Call. - r I Local. ' Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 766

c. 12. - Repair of highways & bridges - *I | 1863. j Sects. 14, 15. (ss. 13, 14., Ruff.)

I locid.

c. 13. - Tillage - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 14. (*) - - - Private.

22 & 23 Cha. 2.

c. 1. - Maiming - - Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

c. 2. - Extents

c. 3. - Taxation - .

c. 4. - Judgments, &c. - - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 5. . Excise - -

c. 6. - Wine licences, &c.

c. 7. - Burning of houses, &c. . Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1.

c. 8. c. 9. c. 10. - Kidderminster stuffs Duties on law proceedings Distribution of intestates' estates Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. Rep. in part — 19 & 20 Vict. c. 94. 767

20 & 21 Vict c. 77. s. 80. Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 11. - Delivering up of ship to pirates. &c. Rep. in part — 769

without fighting, &c. 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1. 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1. Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 12. c. 13. * Measures -Exportation :} Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 0

(J) c. 18., private, Ruff.

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page-

22&23Cha.2.(co»f.)

cc. 14-17. . .... - 1 Local.

c. 18. - Poor - 1 J'

c. 19. c. 20. - Sale of cattle Insolvent debtors relief -1 l| Rep., Siat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 21. - Taxation ... -J i 771

c. 22. - Recovery of fines & forfeitures due to Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act,

the Crown. 1863.

c. 23. - Navy ... - - , Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 24. - - - - - Private. 1

c. 25. - Game - . Rep., 1 & 2 Wifi. 4. c. 32. s. 1.

c. 26. - Prevention of planting, &c. tobacco in j r Rep. in part, 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

C. 27. (>) England - - - i Residue expired. I

- Post office revenues - 1

25 Cha. 2. c. 1. Taxation ... Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 2. - Popish recusants

c. 3. - .... . Private.

c. 4. - Sale of cattle ... , #

c. 5. - General pardon - 1

c. 6. - Aliens duty . >| Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 7. - Trade ... . 1

c. 8. - Coinage y 773

c. 9. * Right of county palatine & city Durham to send representatives of to

c. 10. 27 Cha. 2. Parliament.

- Local.

29 Cha. 2.

cc. 1, 2. . Taxation - . Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 774

c.3. * - Prevention of frauds & perjuries - Rep. in part, 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict.

c. 26. s. 2.

c. 4. . - . Local. 778

c. 5. - Commissioners for taking affidavits - m m m m

c. 6. - . - Personal. 779

c. 7. - Observance of the Lord's day - . ....

Rep. in part, 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 45. ss. 1,10. 781

c. 8. - Confirmation of augmentations to small J

benefices 0 i Sects. 7,8. (ss. 9,10., Ruff.) per-

sonal or local. 783

c. 9. - Abolition of writ de heretico com- .

c. 10. bureudo.

- .... . Local.

29 & 30 Cha. 2. 30 Cha. 2. - Taxation, &c .: Moss troopers - 1 Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

. cc. 1, 2. - Taxation - -J

c. 3. - Burying in woollen - - Rep., 54 Geo. 3. c. 108. s. 1.

c. 4. - Insolvent debtors relief -1;

c. 5. - Highways . 1 r Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 6. - Continuance of Acts - -J I 783

c. 7. * Liability of executor, &c. of executor de son tort. Rej). in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act,

c. 8. - .... Local.

c. 9. - Fishing in the Severn . Rep., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. s. 39.

30 Cha. 2. St. 2. 31 Cha. 2. - Parliament - - Rep., 29 & 30 Vict. c. 19. s. 6.

c. 1. - Quartering of soldiers - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 784

c.2. - Proceedings on habeas corpus - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 785

c. 3. - Records of fines burnt, &c. - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

xcv

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE —

Year, statute and chapter. Subject-matter. Reason for total or partial omission. Page.

32 Cha. 2.

c. I. Burying in woollen - Rep., 54 Geo. 3. c. 108. s. 1.

c. 2. Importation - - - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

1 Ja. 2.

c. 1. Revenue - Rep., 2 Win. & Mar. (2 Will. &

Mar. Sess. 1., Ruff.) c. 3. s. 9.

c. 2. ..... Personal.

cc. 3-5. Taxation - - -1 I

c. 6. c.7. Importation - - - - | Coinage - - - i Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

e. 8. Importing, &c. of gunpowder, &c. - J 1

c. 9. ----- Private.

c. 10. Providing of carriages for the King

c. 11. Navy & ordnance -

c. 12. Post office, &c. revenues - Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.

c. 13. Trade - - - 1 [

c. 14. Moss troopers - J 1

cc. 15,16. - ..... Local.

c. 17. Administration of intestates' estates - Rep. in part, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. 791

c. 18. Ships - Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

c. 19. Tillage - - - ' Rep., 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. s. 1.

THE STATUTES

(REVISED).

g

THE STATUTES — REVISED EDITION.

STATUTES OF KING HENRY THE THIRD.

20 HENRY III. A.D. 1235-6.

robtetoma tie iHerton.

The PROVISIONS of MERTON.

Ex MSf. Cott. Claud. D. II. fo. 142. ROVISUM est in Cuf Dni Reg. die Mercur in Crastino Sci Vin-cencii. Anno regni Regis H. fit Regis Johnis vicesimo, apud Merton, coram C) Archiepo Cantuaf, & [Epis suffra-ganeis *] cora majori parte Com & Baronu Anglie ifem existencinm [gcu-racione *] ipius Dni Regis, & Alianore Regine, g qua omnes vocati fuerunt; Com tractatu esset de coi utilitate regni sup artictis subscriptis: Ita j>visu fuit & concessum, tarn a pdcis Archiepo, Epis, Comitib3, Baronib3, q*m ab ipo Rege & aliis*

r Ven p. E. Rot. Claus. 20 Hen. Ill:

1 ven pris E. Rot. Pat. 21 Hen. Ill;

I E lmo Rot. Bodl; MS. Harl. 746. 3 Coepis suis & Rot. Claus. Coepis pafiraganeis suis & Rot. Bodl: MSS. Harl. 395, 5022.

1 Pro Coromatime is written in the margin, which words occur in MS. Harl 746. and other manuscripts; and the printed copies.

TT was provided in the Court of our lord the King, holden at Merton on Wednesday the morrow after the feast of St. Vincent, the 20th year of the reign of King Henry the son of King John, before [William1] Archbishop of Canterbury, and [other his bishops and suffragans*] and before the greater part of the earls and barons of England there being assembled, for the coronation of the said King, and Hellianor the Queen, about which they were all called; [where 8] it was treated for the commonwealth of the realm upon the articles underwritten; thus it was provided and granted, as well of the foresaid [archbishops,4] bishops, earls and barons, as of the King himself and others.

1 Edmund

2 the bixhops, hit suffragans,

2 when

4 archbishop,

The introductory dame is given very variously in different manuscripts. The copy in MS. Reg. IS A. XXXI. of the time of Edw. L which agrees in general with the Close Boll 20 Hen. III. begins

as follows.

" Horaces dci gfa Rex Angt, Dels HyBn, &c. Vic, Sattm. Sciatis qd in die Mercur in crastino Sci Vind, anno regni nri vicesimo apud £2ton in Cur nra cor nob ac veBabili pre Archiepo Cam A Coepis suis, & cor majori pte Comil, Baron nroj, p c5i utilitate loci os Regni nri Angf T Provisum fuit & tarn a preddis Archiepo, Epis, Comil, Baron q*m a nob concessum qd de ce&o omes Vidrne que post mortem viroj suoj " See.

2

20 Henry III. Stat. Merton.

A.D. 1235-6.

L

Damages to widows on a writ of dower.

n.

Widows may bequeath the com on their lands.

IV. Common of pasture by freeholders within great manors.

First, of widows which after the death of their husbands are deforced of their dowers, [and cannot have their dowers or quarentinel] without plea, [2 whosoever deforce them of their dowers or quarentine of the lands, whereof their husbands died seised, and that the same widows after shall recover by plea; they that be convict of such wrongful deforcement shall yield damages to the same widows;2] that is to say, the value of the whole dower to them belonging, from the time of the death of their husbands unto the day that the said widows, by judgement of our court, have recovered seisin [of their dower, &c.3] and the deforcers nevertheless shall be amerced at the King's pleasure.

Also, from henceforth widows may bequeath the [crop of4] their ground, as well of their dowers as of other their lands and tenements, saving to the lords [of the fee,] all such services as be due for their dowers and other tenements.

Also, because many great men of England, which have infeoffed knights and their freeholders of small tenements in their great manors, have complained that they cannot make their profit of the residue of their manors, as of wastes, woods, and pastures, whereas (5) the same feoffees 0 have sufficient pasture 0 as

1 or cannot have their dowers, within the time of quarentine,

2 and who afterwards by plea recover their dowers of the tenements whereof their husbands died seised, they shall recover together with their dowers, from those which be convict of such wrongful deforcement, their damages;

3 thereof

4 com upon

6 nevertheless

8 may

7 there

f De Yiduis [vero1] que post mortem Cam. j. virog suog expellunt1 de dotibj suis,

[& dotes suas vt quarentenam *] habere non possunt sine plito, [3vi-delt qd quicumqj deforcia^it eis dotes suas [vel quarentenam suam4] de ten de quib3 viri sui obierut seisiti, & ipse vidue postea p ptitum recupa^int, ipi qui de injusto deforciamento con-victi fQint reddant eisdem viduis dampna sua,5] videlt valorem tocius dotis eas [contingentes,6] a tempore mortis virog suog usq, ad diem quo ipse vidue p judicium curie seisinam suam inde recupaverint: Et nichilo-minus ipi deforciatores sint in mia Beg.

Item omnes vidue de ce?o pos- Ij.

. sunt legare blada sua de Ira sua, tain de dotibj suis qam de aliis 0 Iris & tenementis suis, sal vis Sviciis dnojt [que de dotib3 & aliis tenementis suis debentur.8]

T Item quia multi Magnates Anglie, iuj« qui feoffa9int milites & libe tenentes suos de pvis ten in magnis mafiiis suis, questifQunt qd comodum suum fa8e non potuerunt de residuo Mafiiog suo£ sicut de vastis boscis & pastu?, [cum ipi feoffati habeant sufficientem pas-

1 pimo Lib. Scac. X: MS. Marl. 395. vt dotes suas & q*rentenam suam

I Rot. Claus.

I vt dotem suam p q*rantena MS. Reg.

15 A. XXXI.

vt dotes suas infra q*rantena MS.

[_ Marl. 493 A.

& q postea p placit dotes suas recu-pa9int de tenemetis de quib3 viri e&g obierut seisiti, recupent simul cum dotibj suis, de ill q* de injusto defordameto 9victi fQint dampna sua; Rot. Claus: MS. Reg.

4 MS. Marl. 493 A; MS. Cott. XVI. omit.

6 contingentis Rot. Claus: Rot. Bodl.

7 lib is Rot. Claus; MS. Reg.

8 que debentr de dotibj Rot. Claus s Lib. Scac. X: MS. Reg: MSS. Marl. 493 A; 746.

i

20 Henry III. Stat. Merton.

3

turam, qntu ptinet1] ad ten saa: Ita provisum est & concessum [qui-cumq, h9i feofiati1 2 3] ass^m nove dis-seie deferant de ooa pasture sue, [& coram Justic recognitu fuerit *] qd [tantam4] pasturam fteant qantu [suffi&t5 *] ad tenementa sua, & qd fceant liftum ingrm & egressum de ten suis usq, ad pasturam suam, tunc inde sint contenti, & illi de quib3 conquesti fuerint recedant quieti de hoc qd comodum suu de ftris, [vastis, boscis, & pastuf *] feSint. f Si autem diSont qd suffidentem pasturam [non fceant,7] vel suffidente ingrm vel egressum, quantu ptinet ad ten sua, tunc inquiratr veritas p a&aPm: Et (*) p aasPm recognitum fQit [p eosdem qd9] in aliquo fQit impeditus eog ingressus vel egressus, vel qd non habeant suffidentem pasturam [& suffidentem ingressum & egressum10 11] sicut pdcm est, tunc recupent seiam suam p visum juratog: Ita qd p discredonem & sacrm eoru habeant conquerentes suffidentem pasturam, & suffidentem ingrm & egrm in forma pdicta. T Et disseisitores sint in mia Dni Beg, & dampna reddant sicut reddi [debentu] ante pvisionem istam. Si autem recognitum fQit p ass*m qd conque-rentes suffidentem habent pasturam cu

1 desic ipi feoffati suffidentem possent

fcre past'am qHenus ptiSet Rot Claus.

3 cum h°i a quit>5 feofiati Rot Claus.

9 si coram JustiS cogno9int Rot Claus.

4 sufficietem Rot Claus.

5 ptinet Rot Claus.

vt vaatis, vl pastris Rot Claus.

7 hQint Rot Claus.

8 si Rot Claus: Lib. Scac. X.

"qd p eosd Rot Claus: MS. Reg: MS Marl. 493 A; 5022. qd p eosdem deforciatores Rot Bodl: MSS. Marl. 395, 746.

10 jkot Claus; MS. Reg; MS. Marl. 746, omit

11 sclent Rot Claus: Rot Bodl.

much as belongeth to their tenements;

(1) it is provided and granted; that Approvement

by lords.

whenever such feoffees do bring an assise of novel disseisin for their common of pasture, and it is knowledged before the justicers, that they have as much pasture as sufficeth to their tenements, and that they have free [egress and regress *] from their tenement unto the pasture, then let them be contented therewith; and they on whom [it was complained8] shall go quit [of as much as4] they have made their profit of their lands, wastes,

woods, and pastures; and if they Remedy for

freeholders.

alledge that they have not sufficient pasture, or sufficient ingress and egress according to their hold, then let the truth be inquired by assise; and if it be found by the assise, that the same deforceors have () disturbed them of their ingress and egress, or that they had not sufficient pasture, as before is said, then shall they recover their seisin by view of the inquest: So that by their discretion and oath the plaintiffs shall have sufficient pasture, and sufficient ingress and egress in form aforesaid; and the disseisors shall be amerced, and shall yield damages, as they were wont before this provision.

And if it be certified by the assise, that the plaintiffs have sufficient pasture

1 thus

3 ingress end egress

3 they have complained

4 for that

5 in any things


20 Henky III. Stab. Merton.

A.D. 1235-6.

IX.

Special

bastardy.

X

Attornies in county courts.

with (*) ingress and egress as before is

said, let the other make their profit of

the residue, and go quit of that assise. *

To the King's writ of bastardy, whether one being bora before matrimony, may inherit in like manner as he that is born after [matrimony,] all the bishops answered, that they would not, nor could not answer to it; because it was directly against the common order of the church. And all the bishops instanted the lords, that they would consent that all such as were bora afore matrimony should be legitimate, as well as they that be bom within matrimony, as to the succession of inheritance, forsomuch as the church Accepteth such for legitimate. And all the earls and barons with one voice answered, that they would not change the laws of the realm, which hitherto have been used and approved.

It is provided and granted, that

every freeman, which oweth suit to

the county, trything, hundred, and

wapentake, or to the court of his lord,

may freely make his attorney to do

those suits for him.



1 free and sufficient

lifeo & sufficienti ingressu & egressu ut pdcm est, tunc licite faciant alii comodum suit de residuo, & recedant de ilia assTa quieti.

* f Ad fere de Bastardia utru aliquis natus ante matrimonii! habere pofit feeditatem, sicut ille qui natus est post, Responderunt omnes Epi qd nolunt nec possunt ad istud responded, quia hoc esset contra coem formam ecctie: Ac roga9unt omes Epi Magnates ut consentirent qd nati ante matrimoniu essent legitimi, sicut illi qui nati sunt post matrimoniu quantum ad successionem hereditar, quia ecclia tales habet g legitimis; & omnes Comites et Barones una voce responderunt qd nolunt leges Anglie mutare que Q) usitate sunt & approbate. (*) f Rvisum [insup8] qd quilt life homo qui sectam debet ad Com Trithing, Hundr, & Wapentacfe, vl ad cur dni sui lifee possit facere attorn suu ad sectas illas g eo faciend.

1 ucusque Rot Bodl.

2 Et ideo dominus Rex lit consilium suum sub quA forma gcedend erit ad inquia in cur sua de talib3 sic natis. MS. HarL 395.

3 est & concessum Rot Bodl.

vnj.

ix.

40 HENRY III. A.D. 1256.

ilrobfew be Stotto et She.*

A PROVISION FOE THE Day in LEAP-YEAR

HE King1] unto his justices of

the bench, greeting. Know ye,

1 Henry by the Grace of God King of England, Lord of Ireland, Duke of Normandy, Gvyan, and Earl of Anjtm,

Ex Lib. Rub. Scacc. Westm.fo. 197, b.

TT di gra Rex Angl Dns Hyfen pux Norm Aquit & Com And, Justic suis de Banco, Sattm.

This title is from the copy in Lib. Scacc. Westm. X.fo. 22.5, 'which begins with the word 'Rex.' The old printed copies of the statutes attribute this article to the 21st year of Henry HI. In Hawkins's edition of the statutes, and in the subsequent editions, is a copy printed from MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. (Jo. 258.5.) beginning 'Rex,' and ending * Teste me ipso apud Westm' anno regni Regis H. quadragesimo quarto.'

Provisk DniHJ fitft Jj magnat) BUOj fig* ap Win* des ann r. sui xi

A.D. 1256. 40 Henry III.

Sciatis qS cam in regno nfo de anno ts die, qui langnidis p bre nrm [de rcol] inplacit&tis pfigi cosuevit, q°m° Bcilt, & a quo die anni pcedntis in alinm diem anni seqntis debnit annus ille & dies in anno bisextili accipi & coputari, diu exsti?it dubitatum: Nos; volentes uniformitate ubiq, in regno nro sup hoc obSvari, & pictis litigan-cium pcaveri, pvidbnus, & de consilio fideliu nrog statuim9, qd ad delendam de ce?o oem sup hoc arabiguitate, con-putetur dies exSscens in anno bisextili in ipo anno; Ita qd pp diem ilium no occasionent* aliqui inplacitati, set sit & fceatur de mense illo in quo exSscit; & cotineatr dies ille exSscens in integitate anni pdci; & coputent* dies ille & dies pxim° pcedens p unico die. Et ido vofe mandam9 qd hoc coram vob publican, & de ce?o faciatis obfivari. T. me ipo and WyndesoF [ix° die Mali a. r. 5. xl1110.2]

1 Lib. Scacc. X; MS, Cott; and printed copies omit.

q*rlo die Jirau, Anno Regni nri Q*nq"gesimo q*rto. Lib. Scacc, X,

Stat, Bisex. &

that where within our realm [of England,] it [was1] doubted of the year and day that were wont to be assigned unto sick persons being impleaded, [when 2] and from what day of the year going before unto another day of the year following, the year and day in a leap-year ought to be taken and reckoned [how long it was :8] We therefore, willing that a conformity be observed in this behalf every where within our realm, and to avoid all danger from such as be in plea, have provided, and by the counsel of our faithful subjects have ordained, that, to take away from henceforth all [doubt and8] ambiguity that might arise hereupon, the day increasing in the leap-year shall be accounted [for one year,4] so that because of that day none shall be prejudiced that is impleaded, but it shall be taken and reckoned of the same month wherein it groweth; (6) and that day, and the day next going before, shall be accounted for one day. And therefore we do command you, that from henceforth you do cause this to be published afore you, and to be observed. Witness myself [at Westminster, &c.6]

1 hath been long

3 by our writ of right: to wit, how

3 Not in original

4 in the same year

and that increasing day shall be contained in the entirety of the year aforesaid;

at Windsor, the ninth day of May in the fortieth year of our reign.

The extra day in leap-year and the day preceding shall be reckoned as one day.

6

A.D. 1267.

62 HENRY III. A.D. 1267.

Ke

The STATUTE of

Provisions made at Marlborough in the presence of our lord King Henry, and Richard King of the Romans, and the Lord Edward eldest son of the said King Henry, and the Lord Ottobon, at that time legate in England.

TN the year of grace, one thousand ^ two hundred sixty-seven, the two and fiftieth year of the reign of King Henry, son of King John, in the utas of Saint Martin, the said King our lord providing for the better estate of his realm of England, and for the more speedy ministration of justice, as be-longeth to the office of a King, the more discreet men of the realm being called together, as well of the higher as of the lower estate: \} It was provided, agreed, and ordained, that whereas the realm of England of late had been disquieted with manifold troubles and dissensions; for reformation whereof statutes and laws be right necessary, whereby the peace and tranquillity of the people must be observed; wherein the King, intending to devise convenient remedy, hath made these acts, ordinances, and statutes underwritten, which he willethto be observed for ever firmly and inviolably of all his subjects, as well high as low.1]

1 it was provided and established and with full consent ordained, that (whereas the realm of England having been of late depressed by manifold troubles and the evils of dissensions, standeth in need of a reformation of the laws and usages, whereby the peace and tranquillity of the people may be preserved, whereto it behoved the King and his liege men to apply an wholesome remedy,) the provisions, ordinances, and statutes underwritten, should be firmly and inviolably observed by aU the people of the same realm, as well high as low, for ever.

JHarlrttrge.

MARLBOROUGH.

Ex Lib. Rub. Scacc. Westm. fo. 243. Provisiones facte and Maxleberg, psenl Dno Rege H. & R. Rege Alem, & Dno Edwardo fit ejusde H. Reg Primogenii, & Dno Octobono tunc legato in Angt.

NNO gfe M° C°C Lx° septimo, regni autem Dni H. Regis filii Regis Jofais quinquagesimo secundo, in Octafe Sci Martini, gvidente ipo Dno Rege, ad regni sui Angt meliora-coem & exhibicoem justicie gut regaiis officii exposdt utilitas meliorem, con-vocatis discrecorib3 ejusdem regni tarn ex majoribj qam minority; gvisum est & statutu ac concordat ordinatu, ut cu regnu Angt mttis tribulaS)nib3 & dissensionu incomodis nug depssum, reformacone legum & Juriu, qui3 pax & tansquillitas incolajj conserved, in-digeat, ad quod remediu salubre g ipm Regem & suos fideles oportuit adhiberi, gvisiones, ordinacoes & sta-tuta subsdpta, ab omib3 regni ipius incolis tam majorib3 (lam niinorib3 firmit ac inviolabili? temgib3 Pl^tnis obBvent?.

52 Henry III. Stat Marik

7

Cam igit1 tempore turbaconis nup in Regno suborte & deinceps, multi Magnates & alii justiciam no dignati fuerint recipe p Dnm Regem & Cuf ejns, put debQunt & confinement tempi!^ pdecessojt ipius Dni Regis & S tempe suo, set de vicinis suis et aliis p seipos graves ulciones feSint, & graves districcones, quousq, redempcones re-cepint, ad voluntatem suam: Et pfea quidam eo£ se justiciari no pmHant p miniatroe Dni Regis, n° snstineant qd p eos lifcent* disticcones qnas anctori-tate ppria feSunt ad volutatem suam: pvisum est & concordi? concessum, qd tarn majores q»m minores justiciam [faciant1] be redpiant in Cuf Dni Regis; et nuDus de ce?o ulcones aut disttoconea fiuaat p ppriam voluntatem suam, absq oonsidacone Cuf Dni Regia, * Carte dampnn vt injuria sibi fiat unde emendas here volQit de vicmo fioo, aive majors sive minors.

Sup artscuio ante supedco pvisum est k mas — , at si quis de ctsto slniai iPi eagcat p voinntatem suam pphBOr mm& ffliim&eoe Cuf Dm Regis (*) k ante dmneadP, puniatur p re-dempenem, k hoe a&fan fntitrtm defieta: k snnflit a sup vidam sou brut <fisfremnes as eoasifibeone Cuf Dm. Regia, p quod dampmi teat, punistF eoAn modo. 4 hoe aSAm [delicti an gnalitatem: & nichilomin?

fiant emeairie plena 4 suffidentea eis qni liampnn .#tanuint p h?i diaPc-mwn

1 tent JTJl Cott. Claud.

Sonee. X The enpy in

marked £xr p mtuf. I

in fldem est JfS.

1 q*mitatem delicti MTS. Cott LA. *imer. X

Whereas at the time of a oommo-tion late stirred up within this realm, and also sithence, many great men, and divers other, [refusing to bo justified 1 ] by the King and his court, like as they ought and wero wont in timo of the King's noblo progenitors, and also in his time; but took great revenges and distresses of their neighbours, and of other, until they had amends and fines at their own pleasure; and further, some of thorn [would not be justified *] by the King's officers, nor [would*] suffer them to make delivery of such distresses os they had taken of their own authority (*]; it is provided, agreed, and granted, that all persons, as well of high as of low estate, shall (*) receive justice in the King's court; and none from henceforth shall take any such revenge or distress of his own authority, without award of [our *J court, though he have damage or injury, whereby he would have amends of his neighbour either higher or lower.

And upon the foresaid article it is provided and granted, that H any from henceforth take such revenges of his own authority, without award of the King's court as before said, and be convict thereof be shall be punished by fine, and that according to the trespass; and likewise if one neighbour take a distress of another without award of the King's court, whereby he hath damage, he shall he punished in the same wise, and that after the quantity of the trespass; and nevertheless antfident and ftifl amends shall be made to them that have sustained loss by such distresses.

1 have disdained to he justified 5 will not he jtintined I will

1 at their rum pitamre dn, *tmi

' 'he Kitin'1

It

Of WhntgAil dMttw*, Of deflamw of the King'* PottHi*

kn

imhrwitA

8

52 Henry IIL Stat. Marlb.

4-D. 1267.

u.

Distresses for suit of court.

m.

Of resisting the King's officers in replevins.

Distresses for services not due.

IV.

Distresses shall not be driven out of the county.

Moreover, none, of what estate soever he be, shall distrain any to come to his court, which is not of his fee, or upon whom he hath no jurisdiction, by reason of hundred, or bailiwick (*); nor shall take distresses [out of the fee or place where2] he hath no bailiwick or jurisdiction: And he that offendeth against this statute shall be punished in like manner; and that according to the quantity [and quality8] of the trespass.

If any, of what estate soever he be, will not suffer such distresses as he hath taken, to be delivered by the King's officers, after the law and custom of the realm, or will not suffer summons, attachments, or executions of judgments given in the King's court, to be done according to the law and custom of the realm, [as is aforesaid] he shall be punished in manner aforesaid, as one that will not obey the law, and that according to the quantity of the offence.

And if any, of what estate soever he be, distrain his tenant for services and customs [being due4] unto him, or for any other thing, for the which the lord of the fee hath cause to distrain, and after it is found that the same services are not due, the lord shall not therefore be punished by fine, as in the cases aforesaid, if he do suffer the distresses to be delivered according to the law and custom of the realm; but shall be amerced as hitherto hath been used, and the tenant shall recover his damages (5) against him.

None from henceforth shall cause any distress that he hath taken, to be driven out of the county where it was

1 which i« his

2 without his fee, or in place where

3 Not in original.

4 which he aUedgeth to be due

b fully

Nullus insup major vt minor dis-tringat aliquem ad veniend ad Cur sua qui no sit de feodo suo, aut sup ipm Q) heat jufdcoem p Hundr vt baftam que sua sit; nc distkicoes faciat exa feodum suu seu locu ubi batiam (*) heat seu jufdcoem: Et qui [cont* feSit,8] puniafr eodm m° & hoc scdm delicti qantitatem.

Si quis autem major vt minor pm^tere nol3it libari p ministros Dni Regis & scdm legem & consuetudiem regni districcoes quas feSit, aut 5 [si sustinSe nol3it execucoes judicog Cur Dni Reg fieri, aut eciam sustifie nolSit sumonicoes & athachiamta fieri, scdm legem & consuetudiem Regni,4] puniatr modo pdco tanqam se justiciari no pmHens, [& hoc scdm delicti qanti-tatem.5]

Quod si quis major vt minor distfccoes faciat sup tenentem suu g 8viciis aut consuetudinibj que s* deberi dicat, vt g re altera uii ad dnm feodi ptineat faSe dist'ccoes, & p?ea con-vincat7 qd tenens ej5 ea sibi no debeat, no ideo puniat1, dns p redempcoem sicut in casib3 supftdcis, si pmHat distlccoes libari scdm legem & consuetudiem Regni; set aficiet? velud hactenus fieri consue9it, & tenens dampna sua recupet [plene6] versus eum.

Nullus de ce?o du8e faciat distkscoes quas feSit ext- Com in quo f 3int:

1 non MS. CoU: Lib. Scacc. X: MS. Rawl. 277.

2 non MS. Cott: Lib. Scacc. X.

8 contra hoc statutum veBit MS. Cott: Lib. Scacc. X.

4 aut eciam sustinere noluerit sumoni-ciones & attachiamenta, seu execuciones judicioj Cur dni Regis fieri, MS. CoU.

5 MS. Cott. omits.

6 MS. CoU. omits.



52 Henry III. Sint. Marlb.

9

Et si vidnus hoc feSit sup vicinu p volantatem suam & sine judico, puniat7 p redempcoem ut sup8-, veluti de re cont8 pacem: Venimpln si Dns hoc sup8 tenetem suu feSe psump3it, castigetur p govern miscdiam.

Distfccoes insup sint ronabiles & no nimis graves; & si quis disi^ccoes feSit inronabiles & indebitas, g*vi? aflciet7 pp? excessum distkjconu ipag.

Magna Carta in singulis suis articulis teneat7 tam in hiis que ad Begem ptinent, quam ad alios; & hoc [Justic1] in itiSibj suis, & Vic in suis Comit, cu opus f3it, demanded; & bfia versus eos qui cont^veSint, g*tis concedant7 cora Rege vel cora, (*) banco vt coram Justic itiSantibj cu veSint ad ptes illas. [8Carta ins7 de Foreata in singiis suis articiia uiq, teneatur, & contra veientes p ipm dnm Reg cu ind covicti f3int puniant7.8]


De sectis siquidem faciend ad Cu? Magnatu & alio£ dno£ ipa£ Cur de ce?o sic ob§vand est, scilt qd nullus qui p cartam feoffat9 e distfngat7 de ceSo ad h9i sec tam feciendam ad cur dni sui ni p cartam forma carte sue spali? teneat7 ad sectam illam facienda: Hiis Ox exceptis quog antecessores, vl ipimet h9i sectam faSe consueVunt ante phna t^nsfretacoem Dni Regis in Britann, a tempo cuj9 t^nsfretaconis elapsi sunt [tfginta & nove anni &

1 coram Justic itiSantib5 * Justic de

1 MS. Cott: Lib. I Scacc. X.

2 This clause is inserted in the text from Rot. BodL — Lib. Rub. Scacc; Lib. Scacc. X; MS. Colt. Claus. D. II .; MS. Bari. 5022, and several antient manuscripts omit this clause. All the printed copies insert it

[taken]; and if one neighbour do so to another of his own authority, and without judgment, he shall make fine, as above is said, as for a thing done against the peace; nevertheless, if the lord presume so to do against his tenant, he shall be grievously punished by amerciament.

Moreover, distresses shall be reasonable, and not too great; and he that taketh [great1] and unreasonable distresses, shall be grievously amerced for the excess of such distresses.

The Great Charter shall be observed in all his articles, as well in such as pertain to the King, as to other; and that shall be enquired afore the justices in eyre in their circuits, and afore the sheriffs in their counties, when need shall be; and writs shall be freely granted against them that do offend, before the King, or the justices of the bench, or before justices in eyre, when they come into those parts. Likewise the Charter of the Forest shall be observed in all his articles, and the offenders, when they be convict, shall be [grievously] punished by our sovereign lord the King [in form above mentioned.]

. For doing suits unto courts of great lords, [or of meaner persons,2] from henceforth this order shall be observed; that none that is infeoffed by deed, from henceforth shall be distrained to do such suit to the court of his lord, without he be specially bound thereto by the form of his deed: These only except, whose ancestors or they themselves, have used to do such suit before the first voyage of the [said] King [Henry] into [Britain,8] since which nine and thirty years and an

1 undue

and others the lords of those courts

3 Brittany

Distresses shall be reasonable.

V.

Confirmation of the Great Charter.

Charter of the Forest.

IX. Who shall do suits of court.

10

52 Henby III. Stat. Marlb.

A.D. 1267-

Saits of coart, by parceners, &c.

The tenant's remedy against the lord, distraining for suits not due.

half are passed, [unto the time *] that these statutes were enacted. Likewise from henceforth none that [is infeoffed without deed, from the time of the conquest, or (2) any other ancient feoffment, shall be distrained to do such suits, unless that he or his ancestors used to do it before the said voyage (8). And they that are infeoffed by deed to do a certain service, as for (4) service of so many shillings by year, to be [acquitted6] of all service, from henceforth shall not be bounden to such suits, or other like, contrary unto the form of their feoffment. And if any inheritance, whereof but one suit is due, descend unto many heirs, () as unto parceners, whoso hath the eldest part of the inheritance, shall do that one suit for himself and his fellows, and the other coheirs shall be contributaries, according to their portion, for doing such suit. And if many feoffees be seised of an inheritance, whereof but one suit is due, the lord of the fee shall have but that one suit; and shall not exact of the said inheritance but that one suit, as hath been used to be done before. And if those feoffees have no [warrant7] or mean which ought to acquit them, then all the feoffees, according to their portion, shall be contributaries for doing [the suit for them.8]

And if it chance that the lords [of the fee 9] do distrain their tenants for such suits, contrary to this act, then at the complaint of the tenants, the lords shall be attached to appeal* in the King's court at a short day, to make answer thereto, and shall have

1 at the time 2 by

of our lord the King

4 the free 4 paid in lieu

6 of the same inheritance

7 warrantor

8 that suit. 9 of courts

medietas uni9 anni1] tempo quo h9i constitueones ffiant statute. Et simi-lii nullus feoffat? sine carta a tempo conquestus vi alio antiquo feoffamto disttogat? de cello ad h9i sectam faciendam, n* ipe & antecessores sui earn faSe consue9unt ante t^nsfreta-coem Dni Regis sup»dcm. Qui aute p cartam p certo §vico veluti g libero Svico tot solid annuatim g omi Svic5 solvendo£ feoffati sunt, ad sectam vi aliud ulta forma sui feoffamenti, nd teneantur. Et si heditas aliqua de qua unica secta tm [debebat*2] ad plures hedes ptidpes ejusdem hedital devolvat1, ille qui ht eyneciam ej9dem hedital unicam faciat sectam g se & pticipibj suis, & alii ptidpes sui g porcone sua contribuant, ad sectam illam faciendam. Simili? si plures feoffati fQint de heditate aliqa de q* unica secta [debebatur,8] dns feodi illius unica inde heat sectam, nc possit de her$ditate ilia nisi unica sectam exi^e sicut p5us fieri consuevit. Et si feoffati illi waranl vel mediu n5 heant qui eos inde acq^tare debeat tuc omes feoffati illi cont^buant g porcone sua ad sectam illam faciendam.

Si aute contingat qd Dni Cur tenentes suos cont* hanc gvisione g h9i secta distringant tuc ad queri-monia tenendu illoj atthachient1 qd ad Cuf Dni Regis veniant ad breve diem inde respons, & unicu heant

xxx anni & medietas unius anni, a

Lib, Scac. X.

1 I xxti & novem anni & dimid Rot,

Claus. 44 Hen. III. m. 17 d. triginta & duo anni Rot. Pat.

47 Hen. III. m. 14. in cedula.

2 debeatr MS. Cott: Lib. Scac. X.

3 debeatr MS. Cott: Lib. X.

52 Henby III. Stat. Mwrlb.

11

esson si fiiint in regno, & incontineti delifeentur a9ia conquerenti sive alie districcones hac occone fecte, & deli-fcata remaneant don0 placitu inde in? eos Iminet*. Et si Dni Cur qui h9i districcones feSint ad diem ad quem atthachiati fQint no veSint, vi diem s'1 data p esson no ob§va9int, tunc mandet* Vic qd eos ad aliu diem venif fee; ad quem diem si no veSint mandet1 Vic qd distfngat eos p omia que bent in batia sua Ita qd Vic Dno Regi respondeat de exit; & qd heat corpa eog ad Stum diem pfigendu; Ita qd si die illo n5 veSint ps conquerens eat sine die, & a9ia sivfe alie districcones deliftate remaneant, don0 ipi Dni sectam illam recupa9int, p con-sidacoem Cur Dni Regis: Et cessent iniim dist^ccones iPi, salvo Dnis Cu? jure suo de sectis illis pquirend in [forma1] jur cu inde loqui volQint. Et cu dni Cu? veSint responsur conquerenl de h9i [distrioconibj *] & sup hoc covincatr tunc p conside-racoem Cur recupent vers9 eos conquerentes dampna sua que s^i-nfiunt occasione distfcconis predee.

Simili aui modo si tenentes p9 hanc constitucoem subtrahant Dnis 1 2

1 forma MS. Colt: Lib.X: Rot Claus: Rot Pat.

2 t^nsgressionibj MS. Cott: Lib.

Scac. X.

but one essoin therein, if they be within the realm; and immediately the beasts, or other distresses taken by this occasion, shall be delivered to the plaintiff, and so shall remain, until the plea (1) betwixt them be determined. And if the lords of the courts which took (*) distresses, come not at the day that they were attached, or do not keep the day given to them by essoin, then the sheriff shall be commanded to cause them to come at another day; at which day, if they come not, then he shall be commanded to distrain them by all [their goods and chattels] that they have in [the shire,8] so that the sheriff shall answer to the Song of the issues [of the said inheritance]; and that he have their bodies [before our justices] at a certain day limited; so that if they come not at that day, the party plaintiff shall go without day, and his beasts, or other distresses [taken by that colour], shall remain delivered, until the same lords have recovered the same suit by award of the King's court: And in the meantime such distresses shall cease; saving to the lords of the court their right to recover those suits in form of law, when they will sue therefore. And when the lords of the courts come in to answer the plaintiffs of such [trespasses,4] and be convict thereupon; then, by award of the [Kings] court, the plaintiffs shall recover against them the damages that they have sustained by occasion of the said distresa

Likewise if the tenants, after this The lord's act, withdraw from their lord such ]^ya^m8t

withholding their doe suits.

'there#

9 such

his bailiwick 4 distresses

12

52 Henry III. Stat. Marlb.

A.D. 1267.

x.

Exemptions from attending the sheriff's tarns.

XV.

In what places distresses shall not be taken.

suits as they [were wont1] to do, and which [they did *] before the time of the said voyage, and hitherto (8) used to do; then by like speediness of justice, as be to limiting of days, and awarding of distresses, the lords of the court shall obtain justice to recover their suits, with their damages, in like manner as the tenants should recover theirs: And this recovering of damages must be understood of withdrawing from themselves, and not of withdrawing from their ancestors: nevertheless, the lords of the court shall not recover seisin of such suits against their tenants by default, [as they were wont to do.4] And touching suits withdrawn before the time afore mentioned, let the common law run as it was wont before time.

For the turns of sheriffs, it is provided, that archbishops, bishops, abbots, priors, earls, barons, nor any religious men or women, shall not need to come thither, except their appearance be especially required thereat for some [other] cause; but the turn shall be kept as it hath been used in the times of the King's [noble progenitors.5] And they that have [hundreds of their own to be kept,6] shall not be bound to appear at any such turns, but in the bailiwicks where they be dwelling. And the turns shall be kept after the form of the (J) Great Charter, and as they were used (*) in the times of

King Richard and King John.


It shall be lawful for no man from henceforth, for any manner of cause, to take distresses out of his fee, nor

1 ought

3 omit these words.

3 they have

4 as that hath not been the custom heretofore.

predecessors i

6 tenements in divers hundreds

7 King's

8 to be kept

suis sectas quas faSe debent & quas ante temp9 sup*dce tPnsfretaconis & hacten9 faSe consue9unt, p eandm justioiam & celeritatem quoad dies pfigendos, & districcones adjudicandas, 9seqantur Dni Cur justiciam de sectis illis una cu dampnis suis, quemadmod tentes dampna sua recupant: & hoc scilt de dampnis recupand intelligatur de subtacconib3 sibi fcis & nd de subtacconib3 fcis pdecessorib3 ipog: verumptii Dni Cur vers9 tenetes suos seysina de sectis h9i recupare no po?unt p defaltam [sicut n° hactenus fieri consuevit.1] De sectis aute que ante temp9 predcm subt^te f3unt, currat lex comunis sicut p*us currere consuevit.

De turais Vicecoin pvisum est qd ncce no fceant ibi venire Archiepi, Epi, Afibes, Priores, Comites, Barones, n° aliqui viri religiosi seu mulieres, n* eog psencia (*) spali? exigat*; set teneat* tumus sicut tempib3 pdecesso£ Dni Regis tenli consuevit. Et si qui in hundr di9sis heant tenemta, no beant ncce ad h9i turnos venire, n1 in ballis ubi f8int con9santes. Et tene-ant1, trni scdm forma magne carte Regis, & sicut tempib3 Regu Rici & Johis tefii consue9unt.


[Nulli de cetero liceat ex qacumq^ causa districcones facere exta feodum

1 sicut hactenus fieri consuevit MS. Coit: Lib. Scac. X. — Rot. Claus. $ Sot. Pat. read as in the text.

2 ob aliqam causam MS. Cote.

52 Henry III. Stat. Marlb.

13

suu, neq in regia aut coi strata, nisi Dno Eegi & ministris suis.1]

Provisum est E qd si ?ra que tenets in socagio sit in c?todia pentu bedis, eo qd lies inf* etatem exsti?it, custodes illi vastu faSe n5 possint neq vendi-coem neq aliqam destruccoem de beditate; S3 salvo earn custodiant ad opus dci bedis: Ita qd cu ad etate pvefiit, sibi respondeant p legHima computacoem de exitibj dee beditatis; salvis ipis custodibj ronabilibj misis suis. Nec E possunt dci custodes maritagiu dci bedis vende n° dare n* ad comodu dci bedis. S3 pentes ppinqkjres qui h9i custodiam bfiint, a toto tempe illo a quo b?ia inplacitandi no conceduntr, h9i custodias beant ad comodu bedis ut pdem est, sine vasto, exilio, vel destruccone fadend.

Nullus Escaetor aut Inquisitor vi Justic ad assisas aliquas capiend (2) assignat9, vi ad querelas aliquas au-diendas & ?minandas de ce?o potestate beant alique afleiandi p defalta cois sumonicois, n* [capital Justiciar vi Justiciar itiSantes3] i itiSibj suis. (4)

De essoniis aute pvisum est qd in Comii, Hundr, aut Cu? Baronu vi aliis, nullus beat ncce jurare g esson suo warantizand.

Nullus de ce?o excepto Dno Rege teneant placitu in cur sua de fio judico fco in cu? tenenciu suoj; q h9i placita

1 Hiis clause is inserted in the text from the Close RolL — Lib. Rub. Scac. g* Lib. X. omit the clause. — Rot Pat; MS. Cott; Rot. Bodl: several MSS. and the printed copies insert it, in this place.

gpeci&ir MS. Cott: Lib. X: Rot. Claus.

3 Capitales JustiS MS. Cott.

4 Virifl autem religiosis n5 liceat ingredi feodu alicujus sine licencia capital dni, de quo sett res ipa immediate tenetr Rot. Claus.

A similar clause is inserted as part of this chapter of the statute of Marlborough, in MS. Hart 5032; and in Hawkins's and subsequent printed copies of the statutes.

in the King's highway, nor in the common street, but only to the King or his officers, [having special authority to do the same.]

It is provided, that if land holden in socage be in the custody of the [friends1] of the heir, because the heir is within age, the guardians shall make no waste, nor sale, nor any destruction of the same inheritance; but safely shall keep it to the use of the said heir: So that when he cometh to his lawful age, they shall answer to him for the issues of the said inheritance by a lawful accompt, saving to the same guardians their reasonable costs. Neither shall the said guardians give or sell the marriage of such an heir, but to the advantage of the foresaid heir: But the next [friends1] which had the ward, for all that time that writs of impleading did not lie, shall have such wardship unto the advantage of the heir, as is said before, without waste, [sale,8] or destruction making.

No escheator, commissioner, or jus-ticer specially assigned to take (s) assises, or to hear and determine matters, from henceforth shall have power to amerce for default of common summons, but the chief justices, or the justices in eyre in their circuits.

Touching essoins, it is provided, that in counties, hundreds, or in courts barons, or in other courts, none shall need to swear to warrant his essoin.

None from henceforth, except our lord the King, shall hold in his court any plea of false judgment, given in the court of his tenants; for such

1 kinsfolke * exile 3 certain

xvn.

The dnty of guardians in socage.

xvra.

Amercements for defaults restrained.

XX.

In county courts, Ac. essoin need not be sworn.

XIX. Flea of false judgment confined to the King's courts.

14

52 Henby III. Slat. Marlb.

A.D. 1267.

XXI. Sheriff, upon plaint, shall make replevins.

XX ITT. Remedy against accountants.

Farmers shall do no waste.

Remedy

thereon.

xx vm.

Prelates, &c. may prosecute for wrongs done to their predecessors.

plea specially belongeth to the crown and dignity of our lord the King.

It is provided also, that if the beasts of any man be taken, and wrongfully withholden, the sheriff, after complaint made to him thereof, may deliver them without let or gainsaying of him that took the beasts, if they were taken out of liberties: And if the beasts were taken within any liberties, and the bailiffs of the liberty will not deliver them, then the sheriff, for default of those bailiffs, shall cause

them to be delivered.


It is provided also, that if bailiffs,

which ought to make account to their lords, do withdraw themselves, and have no lands nor tenements whereby they may be distrained; then they shall be attached by their bodies; so that the sheriff, in whose bailiwick they be found, shall cause them to come to make their account.

Also fermors, during their terms, shall not make waste, sale, nor exile of [house,1] woods, men, nor of any thing belonging to the tenements that they have to ferm, without special licence had by writing of covenant, making mention that they tiaay do it; which thing if they do, and thereof be convict, they shall yield full damage, and shall be punished by amerciament grievously.



It is provided, that if any wrongs or [trespasses be done to abbots, or other prelates of the church, and they have sued their right for such wrongs, and be prevented with death before judgement given therein; their successors shall have actions to demand the goods of their church () out of the hands of such trespassers. Moreover, the successors shall have like action

1 houses

2 extortions

8 recently before the death of their predecessors, by such violence taken,

spali? ptinent ad corona & dignitatem dm Regis.

Pro visum est E qd si a9ia alicuj9 capiant* & inj9te detineant* Vic p9 querimonia sibi inde fcam, ea sine inpedimto vel contadcone ejus q1 dca a9ia cepit delibare possit, si ext8 libtates capta fQint: Et si inf1 libtates h9i a9ia capiantf & bafli libtatu ea delibare nolGint, tuc Vic g defectu eogdem baftog ea faciat delibari.

Provisura est E qd (x) baffi qui compotu dnis suis redde tenentr [&*] se subtPxerint, & Sras vt tenemta no hftint p que distfngi possint, Ic p eog corpora attachient*; Ita qd Vic in quog baths inveniant* eos venire fac ad compot suu reddend.

Item firmar tempo firmag suag vas-tum, vendicoem, seu exiliu no faciant, in domib3, boscis, hoib3, neq de aliquib3 ad tenemta qe ad firma bent sp°tantib3, n* spalem bQint con-cessione [p s^pturam4] [sive coven-conis mencoem *] () qd hoc fafie possint Et si feSint & sup hoc con-vincant* dampna plene refundent, & g*vi? p miam puniantr.

Provisum est E qd si depredacones vt rapine alique fiant atfcib3 vel aliis platis eccasticis, & ipi jus suu de h9i depredacionib3 psequentes morte pvei-ant* anqam inde justicia fQint assecuti, successores eog accones heant ad bona ecce sue, [recen? ante obitu pdecessog suog p h9i violencia subf^cta,7] de manib3 h9i tansgressog repetenda. [Similem insup accoem habeant successores de hiis que domui & eccle sue

1 si MS. Cott.

2 MS. Cott. omits.

8 inde MS. Cott.

4 MS. Cott: Lib. Scacc. X. omit.

6 sue cdvencionis mencftm bntis Rot% Claus: Rot. Pat.

6 ad Lib. X. — adeo MS. Cott.

7 Rot Pati Rot Bodl; MS. Cott; Lib. X. omit.

52 Henry III. Stat. Marlb.

15

recen? ante obitum pdecessog suog p h9i violenciam fSint subtcta, licet pdci pdecessores sui jns suu gsecuti non fSint in vita sua.1]

Si an? in ?ras vt tenemta h9i reli-giosog, de qnib5 eog plati obierint seyaiti ut de jure ecce sue, aliqui se intrudant tempe vacaconis, eog suc-cessores litSas beaut ad recupand seyB*m suam; & adjudicent* eis

dampna sua, sicut in nova disseys* fieri consuevit.

1 From Rot. Pat — Lib. Rub. Scac. omits. — . MS. Cott; Lib. X; Rot Bodl; many other manuscripts, and all the printed copies insert this

for such things as were lately with* drawn by such violence from their house and church, before the death of their predecessors, though their said predecessors did not pursue their right during their lives.

And if any intrude into the lands an<* ^me

* vacation.

or tenements of such religious persons in the time of vacation, of which lands their [predecessors1] died seised as in the right of their church, the successors shall have a writ to recover their seisin; and damages shall be awarded them, as in assise of novel disseisin is wont to be.


1 prelates

STATUTES OF KING EDWARD THE FIRST.

3 EDWARD I. A.D. 1275.

prtmerg gfttata? He MeHtmttHter.*

The STATUTES of WESTMINSTER; The Fibst.

Ex Lib. Bub. Scacc. Duhlm\ /^1ES sunt les establisemens le Rey ^ Edward, le fie le Rey Henry, fee a Weymoster a son pmer parle-ment general apres son coroune-ment, [apresJ] la Cluse Paske lan de son Regne tierz, par son Conseil e par le assentement des Erceveskes, Eveskes, Abbes, Priurs, Contes, Barons, & la Comunaute de la tere ileokee somons: IT Pur ceo ke nostre Seygnur le Rey ad graunt volente & desir del Estat de son Reaume [adrescer,2] en les choses ou mestier

1 lendemain Lib. Horn: MS. Cott, Claud. D. II.

2 redrescer Lib. Scacc. Westm. X.

rjlHESE be the acts of King Edward, son to King Henry, made at Westminster at his first Parliament general after his coronation, on the Monday of Easter Utas, the third year of his reign, by his council and by the assent of archbishops, bishops, abbots, priors, earls, barons, and [all] the commonalty of the realm, being thither summoned: Because our lord the King had great zeal and desire to redress the state of the realm in such things as required amendment

This title is from Lib. Scac. Westm. X fo. xxj. (xxv.)

16

A.D. 1275.

3 Edward 1. Stdt. Westm. prim.

v.

Freedom of election.

VI. Amerciaments shall be reasonable.

IX. Pursuit of felons.

for the common profit of holy church, and of the realm: And because the state of the holy church had been evil kept, and the prelates and religious persons of the land grieved many ways, and the people otherwise intreated than they ought to be, and the peace less kept, and the laws less used, and the offenders less punished, than they ought to be, by reason whereof the people [of the land] feared the less to offend; the King hath ordained and established these acts underwritten, which he intendeth to be necessary and profitable unto

the whole realm.



And because elections ought to

be free, the King commandeth upon great forfeiture, that [no man *] by force of arms, nor by malice, or menacing, shall disturb any to make free election. (2)

And that no city, borough, nor town, nor any man be amerced, without reasonable cause, and according to the quantity of his trespass; that is to say, every freeman saving his [freehold8] a merchant saving his merchandise, a villain saving his waynage,

and that by his or their peers. *

And forasmuch as the peace of this realm hath been [evil observed 4] heretofore for lack of quick and fresh suit making after felons in due manner, and namely, because of franchises, where felons ate received; it is provided, that all generally be ready and apparelled, at the commandment and summons of sheriffs, and at the

1 no great man nor other,

2 MS. Tr. I. joins to this sentence the beginning of the next chapter thus9 fre chuesinge, in cite, ne in boruz, ne in toune. The sixte chapittle, that no man be amercied, &c.

8 contenaunce MS, Tr, 1.

4 weakly kept

est del amehdement, e ceo pur le comun profit de Seint Eglise e del reaume; Et pur ceo q lestat de Seint Eglise ad este maumene, e les Prelaa e les religious de la tere grevez .en mulade mafies, e le autrement trete, e la pees meins garde, q estre ne delist, © les leys mesusees e les meffesadna meins puniz

. .r * r *. .' i 4 .

q estre ne deussent; .pur qiiei les

gena doterent le meins a meffere; si

ad le Key ordine & establi les choses

desuz escrites, q il entent q seient

profitables e covenables a tut le

Reaume.



Pur ceo q elections deivent estre fraunches, le Rey defent sour s& greve forfeture q nul, haut home ne autre, par poer de armes ne par [malice *] ne desturbe de fere frauche Election. IT Et q [en 2] nule Cite Burg ou Vile, ne nul home seit amercie sauuz renable acheson, e Solum la q*ntite del trespas; ceo est asaver fraunk home sauve son contenemet, Mar-chaund sauve sa marchandise, Vilayn sauve son gaignage; e ceo par lour piers.

T Et pur ceo q la pees de la tere ad este feblement garde avaunt ces oures, par defaute de bone suite fete sur les felons solum doue manere, e nomeement par acheson des fraun-chises ou les felons sunt recettez; Pur-veu est q tua comunaumet seient prea & aparaillez, al maundemet e a la somonse des Viscontes, ou au

1 manasce Lib. Horn.

2 Lib. Horn; Lib. X; MS. Cott. omit this word.

3 Edward I. Slot. Wedm. prim.

17

cri del pays, de suire e de arester le8 felos qant mester serra, ausi bien dedenz fraUnchises cum dehors: Et ces q ceo ne frut, e de ceo seient ateina, le Rey prendra a eus greve-raent: Et si la defaute seit trove sor le Seygnr de la fraunchise, le Rey se prendra a ineittie la fr&unchise; e m la defaute *sfeit al baillif eit la prison de un an, e puis seit grevement reint; e si il nad de quei, eit la prison de deus aunz. TEt si Visconte (*) ou autre Baillif, dedenz fraunchises ou dehors, pur louer ou par priere, ou par nule manere de affinite, concelent ou oonsentent, ou procurent de con-celer, les felonies fetes en lour baillies, ou ke il se feignent de arestier ou de ataeher les meffesauna, par la ou il purront, ou autrement se feingnet de fere lur office, [e2] nule manere de favor des meffesauna, e de ceo seient ateina, q il eient la prison de un an, e puis seient gevemet reina, e si il ne unt de quei, eiet la pison de [qiiatre 8] aunz.

f Pur ceo q petit gent e meins sages sunt esluz ia de novel cornu-naumet al office de Coruner, e mestier serreit q prodes homes leaus & sages se intremeisent de cel office; Purveu est q par tua les Contiez seient esluz suffisauna Coroners des pi9 leals e plus sages Chivalers, q meus sachent,

1 ou Coroner Lib. X.

en Lib. X

3 iij. MS. Cott: Rot. Bodl. wherewith the printed copies agree. Lib. X: Lib Nig: Lib. Horn, agree with the text.

cry of the country, to [sue1] and arrest felons, when ahy need is, as well within franchise as without; and they that will not so do, and thereof be attainted, shall make a grievous fine to the King: And if default be found in the lord of the franchise, the King [shall take the same franchise to himself;2] and if default be in the bailiff, he shall have one year's imprisonment, and after shall make a grievous fine; and if he have not whereof, he shall have imprisonment of two years. And if the Punishment sheriff, coroner, or any other bailiff, within such franchise or without, for officers, reward, or for prayer, [or for fear 8] or for any manner of affinity conceal, consent, or procure to conceal, the felonies done in their liberties, or otherwise [will not attach nor4] arrest such felons there, as they may, or otherwise [will not do5] their office for favour borne to such mis-doers, and be attainted thereof, they shall have one year's imprisonment, and after make a grievous fine [at the King's pleasure, if they have wherewith ;] and if they have not whereof, they shall have imprisonment of [three ] years.

And forasmuch as mean persons, x. and undiscreet, now of late are com- 1)6

monly chosen to the office of coroners, coroners, where it is requisite that persons Their duty* honest, lawful, and wise, should occupy such offices: It is provided, that through all shires sufficient men shall be chosen to be coroners, of the most wise and discreet knights, which

1 pursue

shall take him to the said franchise;

8 Not in original; nor in old translations.

4 do forbear to attach or

3 Edward I. Stat. prim.

A.D. 1275.

xv.

Prisoners and bail.

Offenders not bailable.

Offenders

bailable.

know, will, and may best attend upon such offices, and which lawfully shall attach and present pleas of the crown; and that sheriffs shall have counter rolls with the coroners, as well of appeals, as of enquests, of attachments, or of other things which to that office belong; and that no coroner demand nor take any thing of any man to do his office, upon pain of great forfeiture to the King.

And forasmuch as sheriffs, and other, which have taken and kept in prison persons [detected*] of felony, and [incontinent2 *] have let out by replevin such as were not replevis-able, and have kept in prison such as were replevisable, because they would gain of the one party, and grieve the other: And forasmuch as before this time, it was not (*) determined which persons were replevisable, and which not, but only those that were taken for the death of man or by commandment of the King, or of his justices, or for the forest; it is ^provided, and by the King commanded; that such prisoners as before were outlawed, and they which have abjured the realm, provors, and such as be taken with the manour, and those which have broken the King's prison, thieves openly defamed and known, and such as be appealed by provors, so long as the provors be living, if they be not of good name, and such as be taken for house-burning feloniously done, or for false money, or for counterfeiting the King's seal, or persons excommunicate, taken at the request of the bishop, or for manifest offences, or for treason touching the King himself, shall be in no wise replevisable by the common writ, nor without writ: But such as be indicted of larceny, by

1 accused

2 divers times

8 certainly MS. Tr. 1.

veillent, e puissent a cel office en-tedre, e q loiaument attachent & [repsentent les appeaus1] de la Corune, e les Viscotes eient contre-roules ove les Coruners, ausi bien des appeaus com des enquestes attache-mens & autres choses q a cel Office appendent. Et q nul Coroner rien ne demaunde ne prenge de nuli, por fere son office, sur peine de la greve forfeture le Rey.

IT Pur ceo q les viscontes & autres [qi2] unt pris e detenue en p*son gene rettez de felonies, & meinte foiz ont lesse (*) la gent q ne sunt mie replevisables, e ont detenus en prison ceaus q estoient replevisables, par acheson de gaigner des uns & de grever les autres; Et p* ceo q avaunt ces urea ne fix mie [?mine4] Steinemet queus furent replevisables & queus noun, horspris ceaus q estoient pris por mort de home, ou par comaundement le Bey ou des ses Justices, ou por la Foreste; Purveu est & comaunde par le Rey, q les prisons q sunt avaunt utlagez, & ceus q eient foijure la tore, Provurs, toz q sunt pris ov meinoure, ceaus q unt depesce la pison le Rey, larons aperte-ment escriez e notoyres, e ceus q sont appellez de provurs taunt come le pvur vist, sil ne seient de bone fame, e ces q sont pris pur arson (6) felonessement fete, ou pr fause moneye, ou fauseors del seel le Rey, ou [escomenge6] pris par priere le Eveske, ou pur aperte mauveiste, ou treson q touche le Rey mesme, ne seient en nule mafie replevisables, par le c5mun bref ne saunz brief; mes ceaus q soient enditez de larcin, par enqueste des

r rejsentent les plees Lib. X.

1 J presentent les pies Lib. Nig: Rot.

\ Bodl.

2 Lib. X. omits.

8 p plevine Lib. X.

4 def mine Lib. X.

6 de mesun Lib. X.

6 escumegez Lib. X.

3 Edward I. Stat. Westm. prim.

19

Viscontes ou des Bailliz prises de lur office, ou pur legiare suspecion, ou pur petit larcin <| ne amonte [a la valueJ] de duze deners, sil ne seit rette [de larcin 2] avaunt cel houre, ou rette de recettement des felons ou del comaundement, ou de la force ou del aide (3) fete, ou [des autres des trespas 4] pur le quel om ne deit pdre vie ne membre; Et home appelle de provur, puis la mort le provur, [sil ne seit apert laron escrie, seit desoremes lesse6] par suffisaunte plevine, dont le Visconte veille respondre, & ceo saunz rien doner de lour. [So much of this statute as provides what prisoners shall not be replevisable and what shall be so, rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.J Et si Viscontes ou autres lessent par plevine nul q ne seit replevisable, si ceo seit Visconte Conestable ou autre Baillif de feo q eit garde des p^ons, e de ceo seit ateint, perde le feo & la bailie a to* jours: Et si [Visconte,6] Conestable ou Baillif, [ou7] celi qad cel feo pur garder les paeons, eit ceo fet saunz la volente son Seygnr, ou autre Baillif q ne seit de feo, eit la p*son de treis aunz & seit reint a la volente le Rey. E si nul detient les prisons replevisables, puis q le prison eit offert soffisaunte seurte, il serra en la greve fflci le Key: Et si il prent louer por le deliverer, il rendra le double al prison, e ensement serra en la g*ve merci le Bey.

{outre xij deniers ou a la value Lib. Nig.

utre la value Lib. X: MS. Cott: Rot. Bodl: Lib. Horn.

2 dautre larcin Lib. X.

8 de felonie Lib. X.

4 f autre rettez de trespas Lib. X.

I rettes dautres tresspas MS. Cott.

5 si tuz ceus ne seient apert laruns escriez, seient desoremes lessez Lib. X: Lib. Nig.

6 Suz Visconte Lib. X: MS. Cott: Rot. Bodl.

7 MS. Cott; printed copies omit.

enquests taken before sheriffs or bailiffs by their office, or of light suspicion, or for petty larceny that amounteth not [above the value*] of twelve-pence, if they were not [guilty 2] of some other larceny aforetime, or [guilty3.] of receipt of felons, or of commandment, or force, or of aid in felony done; or [guilty of4] some other trespass, for which one ought not to lose life nor member, and a man appealed by a provor after the death of the provor, if he be no common thief, nor defamed, shall from henceforth be let out by sufficient surety, whereof the sheriff will be answerable, and that without giving aught of their goods. [So much of this statute as provides what prisoners shall not be replevisable and what shall be so, rep.,

7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.J And if the Penalty for

sheriff, or any other, let any go at Emprise, large by surety, that is not replevisable, if he be sheriff or constable or any other bailiff of fee, which hath keeping of prisons, and thereof be attainted, he shall lose his fee and office for ever: and if the under

sheriff, constable, or bailiff of such as have fee for keeping of prisons, [do it5] contrary to the will of his lord, or any other bailiff being not of fee, they shall have three years imprisonment, and make fine at the King's

pleasure. And if any withhold pri- Penalty for

unjust deten-

soners replevisable, after that they have tion of

prisoners.

offered sufficient surety, he shall pay a grievous amerciament to the King; and if he take any reward for the deliverance of such, he shall pay double to the prisoner, and also shall [be in the great mercy of0] the King.

1 the value MS. Tr. 1.

2 accused

3 such as are accused

4 charged with 1 so do

6 pay a grievous amerciament to

20

3 Edward I. Stat. Westm. prim.

A.D. 1275

XVI. None shall drive a distress out of the county;

[See StaL Marlb. cK 4, 15.J nor distrain out of his own fee.

Sheriffs, Ac. receiving the King's debts shall acquit the debtor.

Penalty.

In right thereof, that some persons take, and cause to be taken, the beasts of other, chasing them out of the shire where the beasts were taken; it is provided also, that none [from henceforth] do so; and if any do, he shall make a grievous fine, as is contained in the Statute of Marlebridge, made in the time of Bang Henry, father to the Bong that now is. And likewise it shall be done to them which take beasts [wrongfully,] and distrain out of their fee; and shall be more grievously punished, if the manner of the trespass do so require.



In right of the sheriffs, or other, which answer by their own hands unto the Exchequer, and which have received the King's father's debts, or the King's own debts before this time, and have not acquitted the debtors in the Exchequer; it is provided, that the King shall send good and lawful men through every shire, to hear all such as will complain thereof, and to determine the matters [there*] that all such as can prove that they have (*) paid, shall be thereof acquitted for ever, whether the sheriffs or other be living or dead, in a certain form that shall be delivered them; and such as have not so done, if they be living, shall be grievously punished; and if they be dead, their heirs shall answer, and be charged with the debt. And the King hath commanded, that sheriffs and other aforesaid shall from henceforth lawfully acquit the debtors at the next accompt after they have received such debts; and then the debt shall be allowed in the Exchequer, so that it shall no more come in the summons; and if the sheriff otherwise do, and thereof be attainted, he shall pay to the plaintiff thrice as much as

2 BO

IT Endreit de ceo q aukunes gens pnent e prendre font les avers de autri e les enchacent hors del Conte ou les avers serront pris; Purveu eat q nul ne le face, e si nul le fet, seit greve-ment reint solum q il est contenu en les estatua de Marlebirge, fee en tens le Key Henri piere le Rey q ore est: Et par mesme la manere seit fet de ceaus q pernent les avers e q font destresce en autri feo, (*) plus greve-ment seient puniz si la manere del trespas le demande.

IT Endreit des Viscontes e autres q respoingnet par lour mayns al Escheker, e qi unt receu de les dettes le Rey Henri piere le Rey q ore est (*) e q ne ont mie les detturs aquite al Escheker; Purveu est q le Roy en-veyra bone gena par tua les Contez, a oyr tua i ceaus q de ceo pleindre se vodront, e a {miner en saint la bosoygne, q ceaus q purrut mostrer qil eyent ensint paiez, a tua jours enseront quites, le qt f[ les Viscontes ou autres serront mora ou vifs en Steine fourrae q lur serra bailie: Et ceaus q issint [laverunt8] fet, sil seient envye, serront puniz grevement, e si il seient mora, lour heyrs respoingnet e seient chargez de la dete. Et co-maund le Rey q les Viscontes e les autres avaundia desoremes loiaument aquitet les detturs al prochein acounte puis q il avera la dette receu e adonkes seit la dette alous al Escheker issi q mes ivengne en somonse: Et si Visconte autrement le face e de ceo seit ateina, si rendra al pleintif le

1 e Lib. X.

2 ou les dettes le Rey memes avaut ces hores Lib. X.

3 naveront MS. Cott.

1 thus

A.D. 1275.

3 Edward L Stat. Weetm. prim.

21

trebble de ceo qil avera de lui receu, e seit reint a la volente le Rey. Et bien se garde chekun qil eit tiel re-cevour por qi il voudra respondre, kar le Rey se predra del tut as Viscontes k a *lur heyrs. Et si autre q re-spoingne par sa mayn al Escheker la face, si rende le treble al pleintif e seit reint en mesme la manere. Et q les Viscontes facent tailles a tu» ceaus q li paeront la dette le Key, e q la soraonse del Escheker, a tu« les detturs q demaunder voudront la veue, lor face mostrer, sauz [vierl] le anuli, e ceo saunz rien doner, e ki nel fra le Rey se prendra a li grevousement.

f Endreit des teres des heyrs dedenz age q sont en la garde lur Seygnur, Purveu est q les gardeins les gardent & sustengnent saunz destruction fere en tote ries; Et q (a) tels maneres de gardes seit fet en tua poioff, solum ceo q il est contenu en la Graunt Ghartre des fraunchises le Rey Henri piere le Rey q ore est, e issi seit usee desoremes; e par mesme la manere aient gardez les Ercheveschees, Eves-chees, Abbeyes, Eglises, & Dignetiez en tens de Vacacions.

f Purveu est ensement q nul Eschetur, Visconte, ne autre Baillif le Rey, par colur de son office, saunz special garaunt ou comaundement, ou ctein auctorite q apent a son office, ne disseise nul houme de son fraunk tenement, ne de chose q touche fraunk tenement; Et si nul le fet, seit a la volente le disseisi, fj le Rey de son

1 nyer Lib. X: Rot. Bodf.

*de Lib. X.

he hath received, and shall make fine at the King's pleasure. And let every [sheriff] take heed, that he have such a receiver, for whom he will answer; for the King will be recompensed of alt, of the sheriffs and their heirs.

And if any other, that is answerable to the Exchequer by his own hands so do, he shall render thrice so much to the plaintiff, and make fine in like manner. And that the sheriffs shall TiLie* of make tallies to all such as have paid payment* their debt to the King; and that the Shewing of summons of the Exchequer be showed 8ummonI. to all debtors that demand a sight thereof without denying to any, and that [without taking any reward, and without giving any thing j1] and he that doth contrary, the King shall punish him grievously.

In

right

of lands of heirs

being XXI. within age, which be in ward of their lords; it is provided, that the guar- kPt-dians shall keep and sustain the land, without making destruction of any thing; and that of such manner of wards shall be done in all points, as is contained in the Great Charter of Liberties made in the time of King Henry, father to the King that now is, and that it be so used from henceforth; and in the same manner shall archbishopricks, bishopricks, abbacies, churches, and all spiritual dignities be kept in time of vacation.

# t

It is provided also, that no escheator, XXIV.

sheriff, nor other bailiff of the King, by colour of his office, without special escheator*, &c. warrant or commandment,or authority certain pertaining to his office, disseise any man of his freehold, nor of any thing belonging to his freehold; and if any do, it shall be at the election of the disseisee, whether that the King

i 1 without any gift

22

3 Edwakd I. Stcrf. Westm. prim.

A.D. 1275.

xxv.

Champerty by the King's officers.

XXVI. Extortion by the King's officers.

xxvrn.

Maintenance by officers of courts.

XXIX.* Deceits by pleaders.

by office shall cause it to be amended at bis complaint, or that he will sue at the common law by a writ of novel disseisin; And he that is attainted thereof shall pay double damages to the plaintiff, and shall be grievously amerced unto the King.

No officer of the King by themselves, nor by other, shall maintain pleas, suits, or matters hanging in the King's courts, for lands, tenements, or other things, for to have part or profit thereof by covenant made between them; and he that doth, shall be punished at the King's pleasure.

And that no sheriff, nor other the King's officer, take any reward to do his office, but shall be paid of that which they take of the King; and he that so doth, shall yield twice as much, and shall be punished at the King's pleasure.

And that none of the King's clerks, nor of any justicer, from henceforth shall receive the presentment of any church, for the which any plea or debate is in the King's court, without special licence of the King; and that the King forbiddeth, upon pain to lose [the church, and1] his service. And that no clerk of any justicer, or sheriff, [take part2] in any quarrels [of8] matters depending in the King's court, nor shall work any fraud, whereby common right may be delayed or disturbed; and if any so do, he shall be punished by the pain (4) aforesaid, or more grievously, if the trespass do so require.

It is provided also, that if any serjeant, pleader, or other, do any

office le face amender a sa pleinte, ou qil eyt comune lei par brief de novele deseisine. Et celui q serra de ceo ateint il rendra [les damagesl] a mesme le pleintif, e serra en la greve nlci le Key.

f Nul Ministre le Rey ne main-teingne, par li ne par autre, les plez poles ou bosoingnes q sont en la Court le Rey, de teres tenement ou de autre chose, por aver part de ceo, ou autre gfit par covenant fet entre eaus, e qe le fra seit puni a la volente le Rey.

T Et qi nul Visconte ne autre Ministre le Rey ne prenge louer por fere son office mes seient paiez de ceo qil prengent del Rey; e qi le fra rendra le double, e serra puni a la volete le Rey.



T Et q nul Clerk le Rey ne de ses Justices ne receive desoremes pre-sentement de Eglise, dont plai ou contek seit en la court le Rey, saunz le especial conge le Rey; e ceo defent le Rey sour peine de perdre (*) son §vice. IT Et q nul Clerk de Justice ne de Visconte ne meintenge parties en quereles, ne en bosoignes q sont en la Court le Rey; ne fraude ne face par comune dreiture delaer ou destorbier; Et si nul le fet il serra puni par la peine plus gscheinement dite, ou par plus grevouse si le trespas le requiert.

IT Purvueu est ensement q si nul Sjaunt Cotour ou autre face nul manere

1 le double Lib. Nig. — les damages al duble Lib. X: MS. Cott.

2 la eglise et printed copies.

1 MS. Tr. 1. omits.

3 maintain the parties

3 or 4 next MS. Tr. 2.

In the old printed translations {chapter 30 in the Statutes of the RealmJ is a continuation of chapter 2 9; chapter 31 is numbered 30, and the subsequent chapters accordingly.

A.D. 1275.

3 Edwabd I. Stoat. Westm. prim.

23

i

deoeyte on collusion [q sont1] en la Court le Rey, ou cosente de fere la en deceyte de la Court por engingner la Court ou la partie, e de ceo seit ateint, lore eyt la prison de un an e de un jour, e mes ne seit oy en la Court a confer pur nuly: Et si ceo est autre q Contour, par mesme la manere eyt la prison de un an e de un jour al meins. Et si le trespas demaunde greinure peine, seit a la volente le Rey.

T De ceaus q pement out*iouse tounuz encontre comun Usage del resume [ou 2] villa marchaunde; p*veu est q si nul le face en la [Court8] le Rey mesme q seit a feferme, le Rey prendra la frichise del Marche en sa mein; Et si ceo est autri vile, e ceo seit fet par le Seygnr de mesme la vile, le Rey le fra par mesme la manere; Et [si ceo fet4] par le Baillif sauz comaundement le Seygnr, il rendra () at&unt por la outraiouse prise com il vousist aver pris de li [si il eust enporte son tounu,8] e ovesqes ceo il avera la pison de xl. jours. T Des Citeins e des Burgeys a ki le Rey ou son piere ad g^nte Murage, por lor vile enclore, Et q tiel Murage prengnet autreraent qil lor este g»nte, e de ceo seit ateint, Purveu est qil perdent cele [grace7] de tut le tens q serra avenir, e serrut en la grevouse merci le Rey.

1 Lib. X JMS. Cott: Rot. Bodl: <Jr printed copies omit.

2 en Lib. X. 3 ville Lib. X.

4 sil seit fet Lib. X.

5 al plantif Lib. X.

6 sil en eust passe saunz teolun Rot.

Bodl.

7 grant printed copies.

manner of deceit or collusion in the King's court, or consent [unto it,1] in deceit of the court, [or2] to beghile the court, or the party, and thereof be attainted, he shall be imprisoned for a year and a day, and from thenceforth shall not be heard to plead in [that *] court for any man; and if he be no pleader, he shall be imprisoned in like manner by the space of a year and a day at least; and if the trespass require greater punishment, it shall be at the King's pleasure.

Touching them that take outragious XXXI. toll, contrary to the common custom ^m^ket% of the realm, in market towns; it is town* provided, that if any do so in the King's town, which is let in fee farm^ the King shall seize into his own hand the franchise of the market; and if it be another's town, and the same be done by the lord of the town, the King shall do in like manner; and if it be done by a bailiff, [or any mean officer,4] without the commandment of his lord, he shall restore to the plaintiff as much more for the outragious taking, as he [had5] of him, if he had carried away his toll, and () shall have forty days imprisonment.

Touching citizens and burgesses, to Murage, whom the King or his father hath granted murage to inclose their towns, which take such murage otherwise than it was granted unto them, and thereof be attainted; it is provided, that they shall lose their grant for ever, and shall be grievously amerced unto the King.



1 to do it

for MS. Tr. 1. 3 the

4 Not in original; nor in MS. Tr. 1.

5 would have had 6 moreover

3 Edwabd I. Stat. Westm. prim.

AJ). 1275.

XXXIV. Of slanderous reports.

XXXV. Excess of jurisdiction in franchises.

I.

Saving for the crown.

Forasmuch as there have been oftentimes found in the country [devisors1] of tales, whereby discord [or occasion 2] of discord, hath many times arisen between the King and his people, or great men of this realm; for the damage that hath (*) and may thereof ensue; it is commanded, that from henceforth none be so hardy to tell or publish any false news or tales, whereby discord, or [occasion 4] of discord or slander may grow between the King and bis people, or the great men of the realm; and he that doth so, shall be taken and kept in prison, until he hath brought him into the court, [which was the first author of the tale.5]

Of great men and their bailiffs, and other, the King's officers only excepted unto whom especial authority is given, which at the complaint of some, or by their own authority, attach other passing through their jurisdiction with their goods, [compelling them 6] to answer afore them upon contracts, covenants, and trespasses, done out of their power and their jurisdiction, where indeed they hold nothing of them, nor within the franchise, where their power is, in prejudice of the King and his crown, and to the damage of the people; it is provided, that none from henceforth so do; and if any do, he shall pay to hirfi, that by this occasion shall be attached, his damages double, and shall be grievously amerced to the King.

And forasmuch as the King hath ordained these things unto the honour of God and holy church, and for the commonwealth, and for the remedy of

1 tellers

2 and matere MS. Tr. 1.

3 been MS. Tr. 1. 4 matter

5 which did speake the same,

r> Rot in original.

J Purceo q plusors unt sovent trove [& Conte com troveurs*] dont descord & manere de descord ad este sovent entre le Rey e son pople, ou [aukuns homes *] de son reaume, est defendu pur le damage q ad este e uncore purreit avenir, q desorenavaunt nul ne seit si hardi de dire ne de oontier nule fause novele ou controveure, dont nul descord ou manere de descord ou desdaundre puisse sourdre entre le Rey e son pople, ou les haua houmes de son reaume: Et ki le fra seit pris e detenuz en ptoon, jesqes a taunt q il eit trove celuy en la Court dont la parole serra meu.

IT Des haue houmes e lour Bailliz, e des autres hors pris les Ministres le Rey, [qi *] especial auctorite est done de ceo fere, q a la pleinte de aukuns, ou par lur auctorite demeine, attachent autres ou lour biens trespasauna par lour poer, a respondre devaut eaus des contraks covenauntes e des trespas fet hors de lour pouer e jurisdiction, la ou il ne tiengnent rien de eaus, ne dedenz la fraunchise ou lour poer est, en pju-dice le Rey e de la Coroune e al damage del pople; Purveu est q nul desoremes nel face; Et (4) aukun le fet, il rendra a celui q (5) serra attache son damage al double, e serra en la greve merci le Rey.

If Et pur ceo q le Rey fet cels choses al honur de Dieu e de Seint Eglise, e pur le comun prou e le aleiaunce de

en Counte controveure MS. Colt: Lib. Nig.

1 e counte contrevures Lib. X: Rot. Bodl.

Some printed copies add des ^ countes: others des novelles

{hauz homes Lib. Nig: Rot. Bodl. entr akuns haus houmes Lib. X. ascuns hautes hommes MS. Cott.

3 a ki Lib. X. 4 si Lib. X.

5 p cel achesou Lib. X.

A.D. 1275.

3 Edwakd L 8tatWestm. prim.

25

ecus q grevea sont, il no voet mie q autre foiz puiaent toumer a ftjudice de loi, no de la Coroune; mes q les dreie qli aportiengnet li aeient sauvez en ttu [sea aut^s1] poins.


1 Lib. Horn; Lib. X; Rot. Bodl. omit.

such as be grieved, be would not that at auy other time it should, turn in prejudice of himself, or of his crown; but that such right, as appertains to him, should be saved in all points.

4 EDWARD I. A.D. 1275-6.

Coroitatorte.

The OFFICE of the CORONER.

Ex MS. Hwrl No. 667. fo. 222, b.

EC sunt ing'renda a Coronatoribj dni Regis. In primis qn Coro-natores dni Regis bent mandatu, a ballivis dni Regis vel a gbis hominibj prie, qd accedant ad occisos vel subito mortuos, vel vulneratos, vel domog fractores, vel ad locu ubi dicitur Thesauru esse invents, statim acce-dere debent, & statim mandare debent qoatnor villa! vicinas, vel quing, vel sex, qd sint coram ipis in tali loco: Et cum vefiint ibi Coronatores p sacra-metu illoj debent f&Se ing5siti5em in hac forma; scil; si fSit de bomine oc-ciso, primo est inguir ubi occisus fQit, scil; an in campo, an in domo, an act [luctam,1] an act tabemam,an act con-g«gatione: et si qls vel qui ibidem fHint: Simili? est inguir qui vel quales culpabiles fuerint, sive de facto aive de forda, et [quis fuerit in curia, et qui ibidem fuerint *] holes vel femine, cw?-cuq fQint etatis, dum tame loqui sdant

1 f luttariam MS. Cott. Vetp. B. VII. l lectmn old printed copies.

1 qui fuerint in presencia old printed copies.

A CORONER of our lord the King Of what things ought to inquire of these things, BhmU

[if he be certified by the King's bailiffs, or other honest men of the country:

First, he shall go x] to the places where any be slain, or suddenly dead, or wounded, or where houses are broken, or where treasure is said to be found, (*) and shall forthwith command four of the next towns, or five or six, to appear before [him *] in such a place: and when they are come thither the coroner upon the oath of them shall inquire in this manner, that is to wit; [if they know where Homicide, the person was slain, whether it were in any house, field, bed, tavern, or company,4] and who were there:

Likewise it is to be inquired, who were culpable either of the act, or of the force, and who were present, either men or women, and of what age soever they be, if they can speak, or have any

1 First, when, the coroners of our lord the King have a command from the King's bailiffs, or from the good men of the country, to go * they ought to go forthwith;

them

4 if it be concerning a Man slam, fret it is to be enquired where he was slain; to wit, whether it were in afield, or in a house, or at any wrestling, or at a tavern, or in any company.

4 Edwabd I. Office.

A.D. 1275-6.

Commitment of the offenders.

One found slain.

Inquisition of the lands and goods of the offenders.

discretion: And how many soever be found culpable by inquisition in any of the manners aforesaid, they shall be taken and delivered to the sheriff, and shall be committed to the gaol: and such as be founden, and be not culpable, shall be attached until the coming of the justices, and their names shall be written in (1) rolls. If it fortune any such man be slain, which is found in the fields, or in the woods, first it is to be inquired, whether he were slain in the same place or not; and if he were brought and laid there, they shall do so much as they can to follow their steps that brought the body thither, whether he were brought upon a horse, or in a cart ,: It shall be inquired also, if the dead person were known, or else a stranger, and where he lay the night before; and [if any be found culpable of the mur-ther,1 * 3] the coroner shall immediately go unto his house, and shall inquire what goods he hath, and what com he hath in his graunge; and, if he be a freeman, they shall inquire how much land he hath, and what it is worth yearly; and further, what corn he hath upon the ground: And when they have thus inquired upon everything, they shall cause all the land, corn, and goods to be valued, in like manner as if they should be sold incontinently, and thereupon they shall be delivered to the whole township, which shall be answerable before the justices [for all4 *]; and likewise of his freehold, how much it is worth yearly over and above the service due to the lords of the fee; and the land shall remain in the Kings hands, until the lords of the fee have made fine for it.

1 the coroner9a

3 if perchance he were brought by cart or horse

3 if any such be slain of whose murther any be

found culpable,

for the same

et heant disefone aliqua: Et quot in-venti fQint culpabiles per inquisition© aliquog pdco£ modo£, capientr et libe-rent* ViceS, et ponantur in Gaiolam: Et quot inventi fQint qui non sint culpabiles, attachient* usq* adventu Justiciar, et nola eog omniu in rotulis CoronatoF scribentur. Si quis aute talium occisus fQit in campis, vel in boscis, et inveniat*; Primo vidend est utrum ibi occisus fQit vi n5, si forte ibi deferetur, sequant* vestigia si sciri potest eog qui corpus ibi detulerunt vel equi duxerint vel caretta, si forte caretta deferat* vel equo: Inquiratur etiam si interfectus notus fQit vel ignotus, et ubi nocte ilia precedente fQit hospitatus: Si aute h9i occisi fuerint, de quib5 dicatur quod sint culpabiles, statim accedant Corona-tores ad domos illog, et inquirent que catalla huerunt, vel que blada in Grangia; Et si liber fuerit, quam terrain heat et quid valeat p annu, sive q blada heat in terra: et cum ita adquisierint de omibj, appreciar fa-cient terram bjadfj, et catalla, sicut statim vendi possunt, & lihentr [tot villatis pximis *] ad respondend de pdcis coram Justiciar: SimiliS de terra libera quantu valeat p annu, salvo servicio dno£ feodi; et [teneant terram *] in manu dni Regis, quousq, dni feodi p ea fine feSint, Hiis inquisitis

1 tote villate MS. Cott.

2 teneatr Sra MS. Cott.

27

statim sepelient* corga mortuog vel occisoj.

Simili? inquirend est de submersis vel subito mortuis: Et postea vidend est, de talib3 corporibj, utru sic sub-mersi fQint, vl occisi, vel jugulati, p signum colli (}) vel p signu aliog membrog, vel p aliqua lesuram in corpe inventam: Et sic procedendu est in forma pdca: Si non fQint occisi tunc debet Coronator attachiare in-ventores et omes alios in societate. De thesanro invento, debet Coronator inquirer© qui sunt inventores, et simili? qui inde rettati sunt; et hoc sic sciri potest, [si quis solito ad ta-bernam accesserit2] et diutius sic se huerit; pro tali suspectione attachiar debentur p quatuor vel p sex plegg, velp plures, si invenire possint. Si ante aliquis fQit appellatus de raptu, appellatus attachiare1 debet, si apellu recens fQit, et videant signu veritatis, p [ampnu sanguinolentu,3] vel hutesiu levatu, et tales attachiari debet per quatuor pleg, vel sex, si invenir possint; si ante apellu fQit sine hutesio, et sine signo manifesto, tuc sufficiunt plegii duo. De apello vero de plaga et h9i, si plaga fQit mortalis statim capient* appellati, et teneant*, donee sciatur si poterit convalesSe lesus vel non, qd si moriatur teneanfr rei, scify culpabiles; Si vero convalu-

1 funibus stricti old printed copies.

eo quod vixerit delicate efc tabernam frequentat old printed copies.

rpannos sanguinolentes MS. Cott.

sj effusionem sanguinis old printed L copies,

And immediately upon these things being inquired, the bodies of such persons being dead or slain shall be buried.

In like manner it is to be inquired of them that be drowned, or suddenly dead: And after, [such bodies are to be seen,1] whether they were so drowned, or slain, or strangled, by the sign of a cord tied straight about their necks, or [about any of their members, or upon2] any other hurt found upon their bodies: Whereupon they shall proceed in the form above-said: And if they were not slain, then ought the coroner to attach the finders, and all other in the company. A coroner also ought to inquire of treasure that is found, who were the finders, and likewise who is suspected thereof; and that may be well perceived where one liveth riotously, haunting taverns, and hath done so of long time; hereupon [he3] may be attached for this suspicion by four, or six, or more pledges, [if be may be found.4] Further, if any be appealed of rape, he must be attached, if the appeal be fresh, and [they must see 5] apparent sign of truth by eflusion of blood, or an open cry made; and such shall be attached by four or six pledges, if they may be found: If the appeal were without cry, or without any manifest sign or token, two pledges shall be sufficient. Upon appeal of wounds and such like, especially if the wounds be mortal, the parties appealed shall be taken immediately and kept until it be known perfectly, whether he that is hurt shall recover, or not; and if he die, [the defendant] shall be kept; and if he recover

1 it i> to be seen of such bodies,

2 by the marks on their limbs, or by

3 they

4 if they can find them.

6 if they see 6 the guilty persons

Persons drowned, or suddenly dead.

Treasure

found.

Appeal of rape.

Appeal of wounds or maim.

28

4 Edward I. Offic.

A.D. 1275-6-

Principal and accessary.

Deodanda.

Wreck of the sea.

Suspected

persona.

Hue and cry.

health, they shall be attached by four or six pledges, after as the wound is great or small If it be for a maim, he shall find no less than four pledges; if it be for a small wound, (*) two pledges shall suffice; also all wounds ought to be viewed, the length, breadth, and deepness, and with what weapons, and in what part of the body the wound or hurt is; and how many be culpable, and how many wounds there be, and who gave the wound, (1 2 *) all which things must be inrolled in the roll of the coroners. Moreover if any be appealed, [of any act done, as principal,8] they that be appealed of the force, shall be attached also, [and] surely [kept in ward,] until the principals be attainted (4 *) [or delivered.] Concerning horses, boats, carts, [&c.] whereby any are slain, that properly are called deodands, they shall be valued and delivered unto the towns, [as before is said.] Concerning wreck of the sea, wheresoever it be found, if any lay hands on it, he shall be attached by sufficient pledges, and the price of the wreck shall be valued and delivered to the towna If any be suspected of the death of any man being in danger of life, he shall be taken and imprisoned, as before is said; in like manner huy shall be levied for all [murthers, burglaries, and for men slain, or in peril to be slain,6] as otherwise is used in England; and all shall follow the huy and steps, [as near as can be; ] and he that doth not, and is convict thereupon, shall be attached to be afore the justices [of the gaol, &c.]

1 without a maim, 2 and what sort of wound,

3 he that is appealed of the fact shall be taken,

and

4 of the fact, 1 homicides and burglaries

0 if they can so do;

erit attachiantur p quatuor plegios, vel sex, scdm qd plaga fQit; [Et de mahemio attachient* p plures qua p quatuor;1] Et de simplici aute vul-nere sine mahemio duo plegii suffi-ciunt; Item de ofmb^ plagis vidend est que sit longitudo, latitudo, et pro-funditas, et quib3 armis lesus fQit vulSatus et in quo loco corpis: Et si plures inde aint culpabiles, et si plura sint vulnera, et quis qualem plagam fecit: et sic debent omia irrotulari in rotulo Coronatoris. Si vero aliqui appellati fQint, apellatus de facto capiatur, et apellati de forcia at-tachiantr salvo, quousq, apellati de facto convincant*. De equis, batellis, carettis, p que aliquis sit inffectus, que pprie dicunt* Yavi, aprecient? et tradent? villatia

De Wrecco mar is ubicuq, inveniat', si quis manus imponat attachietur p bonos pleg et salvos, et precium Wreccionis aprecietr, et liberetur villatia Si aute aliquis rettatus fQit de morte alicui9, (*) eapietur et inpriso-netur ut supra; Simili? de omib3 homicidii8 et [burgatorib38] levetur Hutesiu, Bicut alibi est consuetu in Angliam; Et omes seqent* hutesiu et vestigia, si fieri potest, et qui non feSint, et sup hoc convicti fuerint quod noluerint, attachient* qd sint coram Justiciariis.

1 Si de mahemio, tunc non minus q* qEtuor plegios old printed copies.

2 periditanti8 old printed copies. 'burgariis & omib3 piclitaf occis MS.

J Cott.

burgalar periditant seu occis is old - printed copies.

6 EDWARD I. A.D. 1278.

A.D. 1278.

2i)

statute <01ourf£itr\

The STATUTES of GLOUCESTER.

Ex magno Rot Stat in Turr. Lond. m. 47.*

T E an de g*ce M°CC°Lxxviij. e del Regne le Rey Edward, fiz le Rey Henri sisme, a Gloucestre Le mois de Aust, purveaunt mesme le Rei, pnr Le amendement- de sun reaume, e pur [plus1] plenere exhibi-cion de dreit, si com le profit de office regal demaunde, appelez les plus descrez de sun regne, ausi bien des greindres, cum des meindres: establi est e concordaument ordeine, qe cum 1 Reg. A. omits.

mHE year of grace MCCLXXVIII, ^ and the sixth of the reign of King Edward son of King Henry, at Gloucester, in the month of August, the King himself providing for the amendment of his realm, and for a fuller administration of justice, as the good of the kingly office requireth, having called unto him the more discreet persons of his kingdom, as well of the greater as of the less: It is established and ordained with one accord, that whereas

The whole of this statute, as here given from the Tower Roll in French, is entered, with some variations, in a register-book of the time, marked A. among the records in the Treasury of the Court of the Receipt of the Exchequer, preserved in the Chapter House at Westminster; fo. 276; a copy or translation of the statute in Latin is given in fo. 272 b. &c. of the same register; as also in the Liber Custumarum in the Town Clerk's office, London; and in other manuscripts. The Tower Roll being injured and illegible in some places, the words defective have been supplied from the French entry in the register-book A., and are distinguished by Wing included in brackets without any figure of reference. In MS. Cott. Claudius D. II. the statute is given in French; with a note at the end 'Exr p rotulum,' and agrees very exactly with the Statute Roll in the Tower. In that Cotton manuscript, and in very many other manuscripts, the introductory part of the statute relating to franchises is given in Latin, with some variations from the French text, as a separate statute, de Quo Warranto or de Libertate clamanda. The Roll of Statutes in the Bodleian library, No. 1036, MS. Cott. Vespas. B. VII, and very many other MSS. give this Statute of Gloucester, in French, commencing only with a short introduction something similar to the first paragraph of the statute on the Tower! Roll, and then proceeding to chapter I. respecting damages in novel disseisin. The old printed copies give this statute with a like short introduction in French: and also give a copy of the introductory part in Latin, as a Statute of Quo Warranto, 30 Edw. I. In all English editions of the statutes previous to Hawkins's edition, a translation of the thort introduction is given at the beginning of the statute, and the translation of the Latin introduction is given as a Statute of 30 Edw. I. In Hawkins's and subsequent editions the original of the French introduction on the Tower Roll is given without a translation; and a translation of the Latin introduction is given without the original.

F

30

I.

Damages in novel disseisin.

In mort-dauncestor.

Coeinage, &c.

6 Edward I.

the same kingdom, in many divers cases, as well of franchises as of other things, wherein aforetime the law hath failed, and to avoid the grievous damages and innumerable disherisons which this default of the law hath caused to the people of the realm, hath need of divers additions to the law, and of new provisions, therefore the statutes, ordinances, and provisions under-written should be sted-fastly observed by all the people of the kingdom.

Whereas heretofore damages were not awarded in assises of novel disseisin, but only against the disseisors: It is provided, that if the disseisors do aliene the lands, and have not whereof there may be damages levied, that they to whose hand such tenements shall come, shall be charged with the damages, so that every one shall answer for his time. It is provided also, that the disseisee shall recover damages in a writ of entry upon novel disseisin, against him that is found tenant after the disseisor. It is provided also, that where before this time damages were not awarded in a plea of mortdaun-cestor, but in case where the land was recovered against the chief lord, that from henceforth damages shall be awarded in all cases where a man recovereth by assise of mort-dauncestor, as before is said in assise of novel disseisin: And likewise damages shall be recovered in writs of cosinage, aiel, and besaiel.

Stat. Olouc. AD. 1278.

mesme le regne en plusurs divers cas,

ausi bien de fraunchises, com de autre

choses, en les queles avaunt lei failli,

e a eschuire les tresgrefe damages, e

les nient numbrables desheritesuns,

Les quels icel manere defaute de lei

fist, a la gent du reaume, eit mester

de divers supplecions de lei, e de

noveles purveaunces, les estatutz or-

deinemenz e purveaunces suz escrites

de tutq la gent del regne, desoremes

fermement seient gardez.


IF Cum avaunt ces houres, damages ne fussent agardez, en assise de novele disseisine, fors taunt soulement vers les disseisisurs: Purveu est, qe si les desseisisours alienent les tene-menz, e ne eient dunt les damages pussent estre levez, qe ceus en qi mains icels [tenenemenz1] devendrunt, seient charge des damages, issi qe chescun respoigne de sun tens. IT Purveu est ensement qe le deseisi recovre damage, en bref de entre sur novele desseisine, vers celui qi est trove tenaunt apres le deseisur. IT Purveu est ensement qe la ou en avaunt ces houres, damages ne furent agardez en pie de mort de auncestre, fors en cas la ou tenement fii recovere vers chief seignour, qe desoremes damages seient agardez en touz cas, ou em recovere par assise de Mort de auncestre, si com est avauntdit en assise de novele disseisine. En mesme la manere recovre lem damages, par bref de cosinage, del ael, e del besael.

1 tenement

6 Edward I. Stai. Glow.

31

[1 et lou avant cez heurez dam ne furent taxez, fora a la value [del issue *] de la ?re, [q le demandant pnt & poet $ndre desonnes recove8] 9s le tenant les coustagez de son br purchace, ensemblemt ove les dam avauntditz; et tout ceo soit tenu en tout cas ou h5me reoo9e damagez.4] S E seit desoremes en mesme la manere chescun tenu a rendre damages, la ou em recovre vers lui, de sa entrusiun, ou de sun fet demeisne.

T Ensement purveu est qe len eit desoremes bref de Wast en la Chaun-celrie, [fet de ceo sur] home qi tient par la lei de Engleterre, ou en autre manere a term© de vie, ou a terme de annz, ou femme en doweire, e celui qi serra ateint de Wast perde la chose [qil ad] waste© e estre ceo face gre del trebble de ceo qe le Wast serra taxe. E Endreit de Wast fet en garde seit [fet] solom ceo qe il est contenu en la gaunt chartre. E par [la ou il est contenu] en la g*unt chartre, qe celui qi avera fet wast en garde, pde la garde, acorde est qe il rende al heir les damages del wast, si issi ne seit qe la garde pdue ne soffise my a la value des damages avaunt le age del heir de mesme la garde.

# i

If Purveu est ensement, qe Viscuntes pleident en Cuntez les plesz de trespas

1 — 4 This sentence is not in the Tower Boll, nor in MS. Colt. Claud. D. IT; nor in Register A. either in French or Latin, nor in the Boll of Statutes in the Bodleian. Several other manuscripts also omit it. But several manuscripts, as well of a date nearly cotemporary with the statute, as of a later date, insert it; particularly Lib. Nig. A2d. Ckristi, DM: Lib. Horn, Land: MSS. HarL 493 A; 867; 1690. MS. Cott. Veep. B. VII; from which latter it is here printed. It has been given, with the variations noted, in all printed copies of the statutes, and is translated in MS. Tr. 1.

des issues printed copies.

3 purveu est que le demaund puisse recover printed copies.

And whereas before time damages were not taxed, but to the value of the issues of the land; it is provided, that the demandant may recover against the tenant the costs of his writ purchased, together with the damages abovesaid. And this act shall hold place in all cases where the party is to recover damages.

And every person from henceforth (') shall be compelled to render damages, [where the land is recovered2] against him upon his own

intrusion, or his own act.



It is provided also, that a man from henceforth shall have a writ of waste (*) in the Chancery against him that holdeth by law of England, or otherwise for term of life, or for term of years, or a woman in dower; and he which shall be attainted of waste, shall leese the thing that he hath wasted, and moreover shall recompense thrice so much as the waste shall be taxed at. And for waste made in the time of wardship, it shall be done as is contained in the Great Charter. And where it is contained in the Great Charter, that he which did waste during the custody, shall leese the wardship, it is agreed that he shall recompense the heir his damages for the waste, if bo be that the wardship lost do not amount to the value of the damages before the

age of the heir of the same wardship. »*

It is provided also, that sheriffs shall plead pleas of trespass in their

1 in like manner

where a recovery is had 3 made thereupon

Where

damages shall be recovered, there costs also.

Damages

generally.

y.

Action of waste extended.

vm.

In what court pleas of trespass shall be.

6 Edward I. Stat. Olavx.

A.D. 1278.

Defendants may plead by attornies.

Kssoins by plaintifls;

Defendants.

counties, as they have been accustomed to be pleaded. And that none from henceforth shall have writs of trespass before justices, unless he swear by his faith, that the goods taken away were worth forty shillings at the least And if he complain of beating, he shall answer by his faith, that his plaint is true. Touching wounds and maims, a man shall have his writ as before hath been used. And it is agreed, that the defendants in such pleas may make their attornies, where appeal lieth not; so that if they be attainted (l) being absent, then the sheriff shall be commanded to take them, and (*) shall have like pain as they should have had, if they had been present at the judgement given. And if the plaintiffs from henceforth in such trespasses cause themselves to be essoined after the first appearance, day shall be given them unto the coming of the justices [in eyre,] and the defendants in the mean time shall be in peace. [In such pleas and other, whereas attachments and distresses do lie,3] (4) if the defendant essoin himself of the King's service, and do not bring his warrant at the day given him by the essoin, he shall recompense the plaintiff damages for his journey twenty shillings, or more, after the discretion of the justices, and shall be

grievously amerced unto the King. *

Given at Gloucester, [the iiij. day of October, the vj. year of the reign of King Edward the son of King Henry.5]

1 of the trespass MS. Tr. 1. 9 they

8 In MS. Tr. 1. and the oldest printed translations these words conclude the preceding sentence.

4 and

6 the Sunday next after the feast of Saint Peter, at the gale of August, the year aforesaid.

ausi com il soloient estre pleidez. E qe nul eit desoremes bref de trespas devaunt Justices [se il na fie1] par fei, qe les biens enportez vaillent qaraunte souz al meins. E si il se pleint de Baterie afie par fei qe sa pleinte est veritable. T De plaies e de mahema eit em bref si com em soleit aver. E graunte est qe les defendaunts pussent fere attornez en tels plaiz, ou apel ne est, issi qe [sil seient atteinz] del trespas en lur absence, seit demaunde ai Viscunte qe il seient pris, e eyent dunqe la peyne qil avereient si il eussent este present, quaunt le juge-ment fu rendu. E si les pleintifs desoremes en tel trespas se facent essoneer apres la primere apparaunee^ seit jor done desqe a venue de Justices, e les defendaunz endementers seient en pes en tels plesz, e en autre plesz la ou attachemenz e destresces gisent. E si le defendaunt se face essoneer de 8vise le Rey, e ne porte sun garaunt al jor qi li est done par sun [essoneur,2]

qe il rende al pleintif les damages de la jornee de vint souz, ou de plus solom la descreciun des Justices, e ja le meins en la greve nlci le Key. *

Done a Gloucest? [ le demeine pcheine apres la feste sein Pere a la Goule de Aust le an avauntdit.4]

1 si il ne afie Reg. A.

1 essoin printed copies.

3 f acorde est Reg. A.

I establi est printed copies.

4 le quart jour de October lan du reigne le roy Edwarde fitz le Roy Henry, vj. old printed copies.

7 EDWARD I. A.D. 1279,

A.D. 1279.

33

The STATUTE fob RELIGIOUS MEN.

Ex magno Rot Stat. vn Tnrr. Land. m. 47.* .

J^EX Jus tic suis de Banco, satlm.

Cum dudum p visum fuisset, qd viri Beligiosi feoda aliquog no ingre-derent* sine licencia & voluntate Oapitaliu dnojc, de quibj feoda ilia immediate tenentur; & viri Beligiosi postmodu nichilomin9 tarn feoda sua pp*a, qam aliog hactenus ingressi sint, ea sibi appiando & emendo, & aliq°udo ex dono aliog recipiendo, p quod Svicia que ex huj9modi feodis debentr, & que ad defensione regni ab inicio pvisa fuerunt, indebite subtrahuntr, & dni Capitales escaetas suas inde amittunt: Nos, sup hoc p utilitate regni congruu remediu pvideri volentes, de consilio Prelafcog Comitu (1) & aliog fideliu regni nH de consilio nro existendu, pvidim9, statuim9, & ordinavim9, qd nullus Religiosus aut alius quicumq, traa aut ten aliqua efle vel vendere, aut sub colore donacois aut fmini vt alfius tituli cuj9cuq>, ab aliquo redpe,

1 Baronu MS. Cott. Claudius, D. 11.

(J) VJLT HERE of late it was provided,

* that religious men should not enter into the fees of any without licence and will of the chief lord, of whom such fees be holden immediately; and notwithstanding such religious men have (*) entered as well into their own fees, as into the fees of other men, approprying and buying them, and sometime receiving them of the gift of others, whereby the services that are due of such fees, and which at the beginning were provided for defence of the realm, are wrongfully withdrawn, and the chief lords do leese their eschetes of the same:

We therefore, to the profit of our realm, intending to provide convenient remedy, by the advice of our prelates, earls, barons, and other our subjects, being of our council, have provided,

[made,8] and ordained, that no person. No land shall religious or other, whatsoever he be,

[that will buy or sell any lands or pain of the tenements, or under the colour of gift thereof or lease, or that will receive by reason of any other title, whatsoever it be,

1 The King to hit justices of the bench, greeting.

8 since * established

# This statute is entered on the Patent Boll of this year 7 Ed. /. m. 2, and on the Close Boll of this same year m. 1. d .; entitled, in the margin of each Roll " Forma Statuta Yirog Religioeog" In the modem printed copies it is called * A Statute of Mortmain.' In MS. Cott. Claudius, D.II. fo. 195, is a copy of this statute, with a note at the end * Exr p rotlm/ but which instead of the word 6 Rex9 at the beginning, reads 'Edwardus dei gracia Rex Angf, Dns Hibn, & Dux AquiL' On the Bodleian Roll of Statutes, and in several manuscripts, this statute is given in the third person, " Dominus Rex providit, statuit & ordinavit," omitting the introductory and concluding forms of the writ.

C

7 Edwabd I. Stat. de Vvris.

A.D. 1279.

The lords of the fee shall successively take benefit of the forfeiture.

And on their neglecting for twelve months, the King shall take.

lands or tenements, or by any other craft or engine will presume to appropre to himself,1] under pain of forfeiture of the same, whereby such lands or tenements may any wise come into mortmain. We have provided also, that if any .person* religious or other, do presume (1 2 3) either by craft or engine to offend against this statute, it shall be lawful to us and other [chief lords of the fee immediate to enter into the land so aliened,8] within a year from the time of the alienation, and to hold it in fee [as an4] inheritance. And if the chief lord immediate be negligent, and will not enter into such fee within the year, then it shall be lawful to the next chief lord immediate of the same fee to enter into the same [land 5] within half a year next following, and to hold it as before is said; and so every lord immediate may enter into [ such land,6] if [the next lord7] be negligent in entering into the same fee, as is aforesaid. And if all the chief lords of such fees, being of full age, within the four seas, and out of prison, be negligent or slack in this behalf (8) we, immediately after the year accomplished, from the time that such purchases, gifts, or appropriations hap to be made, shall take such lands and tenements into our hand, and

1 presume to buy or sell, or under the colour of gift or lease, or by reason of any other title, whatsoever it be, to receive of any man, or by any other craft or ingine to appropriate to himself, any lands or tenements;

2 in any manner

3 immediate chief lords of the fee so aliened, to enter into the same,

4 and 6 fee

0 the same fees,

7 the next immediate lord unto him

8 for the space of one year

aut alio quovismodo arte vi ingenio [arte vl ingeniol] sibi agp*are psumat, sub forisfcura eogdem, p quod ad manu mortua Sre & ten hupmodi deveniant quoquo modo. Providim9 eciam, qd si quis Religiosus aut alius, cont* psens statutu, aliquo modo arte vi ingenio venire psumpSit, liceat nob & aliis immediatis capital^ dnis feodi tali? alienati, illud inf> annu a tempe alienacois hupmodi ingredi & te8e in feodo ft hereditate. Et si [capital dns immediatus dns2] negligens fBit, et feod hupmodi ingredi nol3it infra annu, tunc liceat gximo capitali dno [mediato8] feodi illius, infr dimidiu annu sequente, feodu illud ingredi & tefie sicut pdcm est; [et sic quilibet dus mediatus faciat,4] si gpinquior dns in ingrediendo hupmodi feod negligens fQit ut pdcm est. Et si omnes hupmodi capitales dni hupmodi feodi, qui plene f3int etatis, & infr quatuor maria, & ext* p%onam, p unu annu negligentes vl remissi fQint in hac pte, nos statim post annu completu a tempe quo hupmodi empdones, dona6oes, aut alias agpiacoes fieri contigit, tras & ten huj9modi capiem9 in manu nram,

1 Erroneously repeated) Rot, Pat; Rot, Claus. MS, Cott, omit

rdns capital immediate Rot. Pat;

2 I * MS. Cott.

L capital dns immediat9 Rot Claus.

8 immediat old printed copies.

4 Rot Bodl. omits the word ' mediatus the word * faciat ' is interlined on the Patent and Close Rolls* Old printed copies read 'Et sic quilibet capitalis dominus immediat [immediate at] ingredi pot hujusmodi feoda.9

Nr

7 Edward I. Stat. de Viris. ReHg.

35

& alios inde feoffabim9 p Sta 8vicia noft inde ad defensione regni nfi fadenda; Salvia capital^ dais feodo£ illo; Wardis, escaetis, & aliis ad ipos ptinentibj, ac Sviciis inde debitis & consuetis. Et ideo voft mandam9 qd statutu pdcm cora voft legi, & deceSo firmi? tefii & observari faciatis. T. R. apudWestm [xv. die Novembr anno fee. Septimo.1] (*)

rxiiij. die Novembr Rot. Pat.

1 xv. die Novembr, anno f. n. septimo I Rot. Claus; MS. Cott.

(Et med qd istnd statutu irrotulatr in Dorso Botnli Clausa; de hoc anno. Rot. Pat.

Et memo4 qd istud statutu irrotulatr in Rotfo patenciQ de hoc anno. Rot. Claus.

shall infeoff other therein by certain services to be done Q) to us for the defence of our realm; saving to the chief lords of the same fees their wards and eschetes, [and other services thereunto2] due and accustomed. And therefore we command you, that ye cause the foresaid statute to be read before you, and from henceforth to be kept firmly and observed.

Witness myself at Westminster the fifteenth day of November, the seventh year of our reign.

1 for the same

2 and other things to them belonging, and the services for the same

12 EDWARD I. A.D. 1284.

Vc't in

PROVISIONS MADE in THE EXCHEQUER. Ex Rot. Clam. 12 E. I. m. 7. d.

T> Thes & Baronib3 suis de Sc^cio # ac Cafiaf suis saltm. Ut in-dempnitati nre & ppli Regni nfi in aliquib3, que nos & pphn pdcm in 8<*cio nro contingunt^spiciat*; Yolum9 & pvidim9 qd non scribant1 dece?o corpa Comitatuu in rotulis'[annalib3,1] 83 scribant* in quodam rotulo (2) p se, & legant* singulis annis sup Compotu Yicecom, singula vidett, de singulis

1 singtis Lib. Scaec. X.

2 annali Lib. Scacc. X.

fTIHE King to his treasurer and ^ barons of the Exchequer, (x) greeting. To the intent that provision may be had for the indempnity of us and our people, in certain things touching us and our people aforesaid, in our said Court of Exchequer; we will and provide, that from henceforth the bodies of shires shall not be written in several rolls, but shall be written in How the rolls a certain annual roll by themselves, fo^iaoh shS«. and shall be read every year upon the accompts of sheriffs; that is to wit,

1 and to his chamberlains,

This title is from the margin of the Close Roll. This statute has been given in former printed copies as of the tenth year of Edward I, with the title of * Statutum Novum de Scaccario aliter dictum Statutum de Botelanda. A New Statute of the Exchequer called the Statute of Rutland.'


38

12 Edward I. Stat Rotfdan.

A.D. 1284.

chequer, whereof the debtors do proffer tallies against divers sheriffs, shall be defalked and acquitted; [moreover we provide,1] that certain persons assigned thereunto on our behalf, shall be sent into every Bhire, which shall have full power to enquire of such manner of debts; and also to call afore them [solemnly, as well the sheriffs, as their heirs and assigns, and2] the tenants of their lands, in case they be dead that have received the debts; and also, if need be, to proceed to the taking of [such manner of inquests,8] whether the parties, against whom the foresaid tallies were- shewed, do come or not; so that the sheriff do return a reasonable summons made to them therefore; and so the truth being inquired and discussed in presence of the parties, if they will be there, the inquisitors shall make rolls [of them that shall be convict afore them; so that the foresaid debts being confessed and inrolled,4] the tallies of the same shall be forthwith broken. And the sheriffs shall have in their custody the transcripts of the same rolls, under the seals of the inquisitors; and shall surcease in making distresses for the debts contained in the same, until they have otherwise in commandment from us therefore. And the foresaid inquisitors shall send unto the Exchequer the foresaid rolls under their seals, that it may be examined there, by a search to be made therefore, what debts be paid in the whole, and what are paid in part, [and what debts there be, whereof the debtors be not acquitted,5]

1 we provide

2 as well the payers as the sheriffs, their heirs and assigns, or

8 inquests

A of all debts proved or confessed before them: and the said debts being inrolled,

6 and what not; and the aforesaid examination being made, the sheriffs shall be charged and the debtors acquitted,

coem sc*cii unde debitores gferunt tallias contP dipsos vioeeom depurent* & aquietentr, gvidimus qd aliqui ad hoc assignandi ex pte nfa mittanfr in singtis Comitatibj qui habeant plenam potestatem inquirendi de eisde debitis, & eciam vocandi coram eis tarn sol-ventes qam Vicecomites, heredes, as-signatos, aut tenentes Sras eoy, si ipi mortui fuerint qui huj9modi debita receperint; & insup gcedendi ad inquisicoem capiendam si Decease fQit, sive partes cont» quas tallie pdce fuerint ostense vefiint, sive non, testi-ficata tamen pius p Vic sumonicoe eis ronabili? inde fca; & inquisita & discussa in psencia pciu, si in?esse voluerint, sup hiis veritate, faciant dci inquisitores rotulos de omnib3 debitis coram eis convictis vel con-fe&sis & irrotulatis debitis pdcis, statim frangant^ tallie eo^dem. Vicecomites vero fteant penes se sub sigifi inquisito^ t^ns^pta rotulo^ pdcoj; & supsedeant distkscoi faciende p debitis in eisdem contentis, don0 a^iud inde a nob huerint in mandatis. Prefati quidem inquisitores mittant ad sc^cm sub sigifi suis rotulos suos pdcos, ut ibi p scrutiniu inde faeiendu examined que debita sunt in toto vel in pte soluta, & que non, & fca examinacoe pdca onerentr Vicecom & aquietentr

A.D. 1284.

12 Edwabd L Stat. Rothlaru

39

debitores, scdm qd p eande f9it faciend. Ite volum9 & pvidim9 qd C&fiarii non faciant de ce?o Vicecom sea aliis quibjcumq, baths tallias dividendas, nisi receptis pri9 ab eis particulis, summas & occ*oes debito^ & noia ea solvenciu continentibj, in qnas qnidem ptictas velint hupmodi dividendas partiri, quib3 sub sigitt eog receptis non licet eas in alias pticulas aliqHen9 inmutare. Providim9 insup qd debits omnia ad qne Vic respondent, qd debitores nichil bent in battis suis, nec ftuerunt tempo q° oSati fuerunt de eisdem debitis, vel qd non sunt inventi, exMiant* & scribant* in rotul & t^dant* rotuli illi viris fidelibj & circumspectLs, qui inde faciant in-quisicoem in forma p TheS & Barones pvidipda. Et quia p quedam placita in sctcio nro hacten9 tenta, que nos sen ministros nr os ej9dem sc*cii non contingunt, nra (1) & populi nfi negocia comunia indebite progant* & impediuntr; Volum9 & ordinam9 qd nullum pladtum deceto teneatr seu pladtet? in sc^cio pdco, Nisi illud spedali? tangat nos, vel ministros

1 pUriia Lib. Scacc. X.

according as shall be convenient to be done. Moreover we will and pro- Tallies to vide, that the chamberlains from Bheriff8* henceforth shall not make to the sheriffs, [or any of their bailiffs,1] tallies [of dividendis,2] unless they first receive of them [writings containing the particular sums of the actions of debts,8] and the names of them that paid them, [unto4] the which particulars [he5] [may part the names of such manner dividendis,6] which being so received under their seals, it shall not be lawful to [number *] them into other particulars. Moreover we provide, that Inquiry as to all debts, whereunto the sheriffs make return, that the debtors have nothing in their bailiwicks, ne had not at such time as they were charged with the same debts, or that the debtors be not found, that the same debts shall be estreated () in rolls, and the same rolls to be delivered unto frithful and circumspect men, which shall make inquiry thereof after such form as shall be provided by the treasurer and barons. [But for so much as No suit shall certain pleas were*] heretofore holden ^SeExche-in the Exchequer, which did not con- v*, unless it

concern the

cem us nor our ministers of the King, or his

Exchequer, [whereby10] as well our office" there, pleas, as the causes of our people, are unduly prorogued and letted; we will and ordain, that (11) no plea shall be holden or pleaded in the Exchequer aforesaid, unless it do specially concern us and our ministers aforesaid.

I or any other bailiffs whatever

to be divided

3 particulars containing the sums and occasions of the debts

4 into

5 they

6 would have such dividends parted

7 change 9 and written

9 And whereas by certain pleas

10 Omit this word.

II henceforth

40

12 Edward I.

And therefore we command, that ye cause the premises to be distinctly and openly read afore you, and to inroll it, causing the same to be straitly observed in our Court of Exchequer aforesaid. In witness of which, &c. [Yeven at Rutland, the four and twentieth day of the month of May, in the tenth year of our reign.1]

1 Witness the King at R the dag of March in the 12<& year of our reign.

Stat. Rothlan. A.D. 1284.

nroe pdcos. Et ideo vofc mandam9

qd pmissa coram vofe distincte 6s

apte legi, rotulari 6s decefo observari

faciatis, in Sctcio pdco. In cuj9 &c.

T. R. apud Roth [xxiii die Marcii1]

-xxiv die Maii anno x°. Cott.

I Veep. B. VI

xxiii die Mari anno regni nfi xij°.

- Lib. Scacc. X

13 EDWARD I. A.D. 1285.

Jttatttta bus' ctotoartit rtrita aptrtJ Wrttmoit tit iterlrammto in$actf>' amto fttgnt ini C'riofcmmoxiij°.

STATUTES of KING EDWARD,

Made at Westminster in his Parliament, at Easter,

In the Thirteenth Year of his Reign.

WHEREAS of late our lord the King, in the quinzim of Saint John Baptist, the sixth year of his reign, calling together the prelates, earls, barons, and his council at Gloucester, and considering that divers of this realm were disherited, by reason that in many cases, where remedy should have been had there was none provided by him nor his predecessors, ordained certain statutes right necessary and profitable for his realm, whereby the people of England and Ireland, being subjects unto his power, have obtained more speedy justice in their oppressions, than they

Ex magnoRot. Stat in Turr.

Lond. m. 46.*

/"1UM nup Dns Rex in quindena v-/ Sci Johis Baptiste anno regni sui sexto, Convocatis Prelatis, Comitibs, Baronibus & consilio suo apud Glouc, quia multi de regno suo exheredaoom paciebantr eo qd in multis casibj ubi remedium apponi debuit prius non fuit p pdecessores suos aut ipm remedium gvisum, quedam statuta populo suo valde neoessaria & utilia edidit, p que populus suus Anglican us 6s Hibemic9 sub suo regimine gubematus celeriorem justiciam q»m prius in suis oppressionib3 consecutus est, ac quidam

Some words illegible on the roll are supplied from the entry of this statute in fo. 260, &c. of Register A. in the Chapter House at Westminster; of which the various readings are also given. See the note to the Statutes of Gloucester, ante page J29J.

41

casus in quibj lex deficiebat reman-serunt non detminati, Quedam 2m ad reprimendu oppression! populi reman-serut statuenda, Dns Bex in plea-mento suo post Pascha anno regni soi Sciodecamo apud Westm, multas oppsiones & legum defcue, ad supple-com pdcog statutog apud Glouc editog, redtari fecit & statuta edidit ut patebit in sequentL

In primis, de tenementis que mul-todens dant* sub condicone, videlicet cum aliquis dat terram suam alicui viro & ejus uxi & heredibj de ipis viro & muliere pcreatis, adjecta condicone expressa tali qd si hqj9modi vir & mulier sine berede de ipis viro & muliere pcreato obissent, terra sic data ad donatorem vel ad ejus he-redem revertat*: fin casu eciam cum quis dat tenem inlibum maritagiu quod donu bet condi55m annexam, licet non exprimatur in carta doni, que talis est, qd si vir & mulier sine herede de ipis pcreato obierint tenem sic datum ad donatorem vel ad ejus beredem reVtat4: f In casu eciam cum quis dat tenemtu alicui & heredibj de coipe suo exeuntibj, dunun vide-batur & adbuc videtur hupmodi donatoribj & beredibj donatog qd voluntas ipog in donis suis expssa non {bit prius nec adbuc est observata: In omnibj 2m pdSis casibj post prolem susdtatam & exeunt! ab ipis quibj ten sic fait datum condicionaliter, hucusq buerunt buj9modi feoffati potest&tem alienandi ten sic datu & exheredandi de ten exitu ipog cont* voluntatem donatog & formam de

bad before; and certain cases, wherein the law failed, did remain undetermined, and some (*) remained to be enacted, that were for the reformation of the oppressions of the people: Our lord the King in his Parliament, after the feast of Easter, holden the thirteenth year of his reign at Westminster, caused many oppressions [of the people,] and defaults of the laws, for the accomplishment of the said Statutes of Gloucester, to be rehearsed, and thereupon did provide certain acts, as shall appear here following.

First, concerning lands that many times are given upon condition, that is to wit, where any giveth bis land to any man and his wife, and to the heirs begotten of the bodies of the B&me man and his wife, with such condition expressed that if the same man and his wife die without [heirs *] of their bodies between them begotten, the land so given shall revert to the giver or his heir: In case also where one giveth lands in free marriage, which gift hath a condition annexed, though it be not expressed in the deed of gift, which is this, that if the husband and wife die without heir of their bodies begotten, the land so given shall revert to the giver or his heir: In case also where one giveth land to another, and the heirs of his body issuing; it seemed very hard, and yet seemeth to the givers and their heirs, that their will being expressed in the gift, was not heretofore, nor yet is observed: (*) In all the cases aforesaid, after issue begotten and bom between them, to whom the lands were given under such condition, heretofore such feoffees had power to aliene the land so given, and to disherit their issue of the land, contrary to the minds of the givers, and con-

1 thing* * heir

I.

Seven! aorta of gifts of land# upon condition i

42

13 Edwabd I. Stat. Westm. see.

A.D. 1285.

In such gifts the donors will shall he observed.

Writs of formedon in descender.

trary to the form expressed in the gift: And further, when the issue of such feoffee is failing, the land so given ought to return to the giver, or his heir, by form of the gift expressed in the deed, though the issue, if any were, had died: Yet by the deed and feoffment of them, to whom land was so given upon condition, the donors have heretofore been barred of their reversion, which was directly repugnant to the form of the gift: Wherefore our lord the King, perceiving how necessary and expedient it should be to provide remedy in the aforesaid cases, hath ordained, that the will of the giver, according to the form in the deed of gift manifestly expressed, shall be from henceforth observed; so that they to whom the land was given under such condition, shall have no power to aliens the land so given, but that it shall remain unto the issue of them to whom it was given after their death, or [shall revert] unto the giver or his heirs, if issue fail [whereas1] there is no issue at all, or if any issue be, [and fail by death, or heir of the body of such issue failing.2] Neither shall the second husband of any such woman, from henceforth, have any thing in the land so given upon condition, after the death of his wife, by the law of England, nor the issue of the second husband and wife shall succeed in the inheritance, but immediately after the death of the husband and wife, to whom the land was so given, it shall [come to their issue, or return unto8] the giver, or his heir, as before is said. And forasmuch as in a new case new remedy must be provided, this manner of writ shall be granted to the party that will purchase it: [Precipe A. quod juste,

1 either by reason that

it fail by death, the heir of such issue failing.

3 return to their issue, or to

dono expressam: Et pterea cum deficiente exitu de huj9modi feoffatis teneffi sic datum ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem re9ti debuit p formam in carta de dono expssam, licet exitus si quis fuerit obisset, p fcum & feoffa-mentu ipog quibj ten sic fuit datum sub condi a3ne exclusi fuerunt hucusq, de reversions eogdem ten quod manifesto fuit cont» formam doni sui: FpS quod dns Rex, ppendens qd necessarium & utile est in pdcis casibj appo&e remediu, statuit qd voluntas donatoris scdm formam in carta doni sui manifeste expressam de ce?o observed, Ita qd non fceant illi, quibj ten sic fuit datum sub condi-cone, potestatem alienandi ten sic datum quomin9 ad exitu illog quib3 ten sic fuerit datum remaneat post eojj; obitum, vel ad donatore vel ad ejus heredem, si exit? deficiatp hoc qd nullus sit exitus omino, vel si aliquis exitus fuerit, p mortem deffciet, herede huj9modi exitus deficiente. Nec heat dece?o sods vir hupmodi mulieris aliquid in ten sic dato p condi aim post morte uxis ejus p legem Angf, nec exitus de scdo viro & muliere successionem hereditariam, set statim post mortem viri & mulieris quib3 ten sic fuit datum post eo£ obitum vel ad eoj* exitu vel ad donatore vel ad ejus heredem ut pdcum est re^tatur. Et quia in nova casu novu remedium est apponendu. fiat impetranti tale breve: Precipe A-qd juste, &c. reddat B. tale maSiuin

13 Edward I. Stat. Westrn. sec.

43

cam ptinenc quod C. dedit tali viro & tali mulieri & heredibus de ipis viro & muliere exeuntit>3. Yel, Quod C. dedit tali viro in liberum maritagiu cum tali muliere, & quod post mortem pdco£ viri & mulieris pdco B. filio pdcoj viri & mulieris descender© debet p formam donaconis pdce ut dicit. Yel, Quod C. dedit tali & heredibj de corpe suo exeuntibj & quod post mortem ipius talis pdco B. filio pdci talis descender© debet p formam, &c. Bfe p quod donator bet recupare suu deficient© exitu satis est in usu in Cancellaria Et sciendum qd hoc sta-tutu quoad alienacoem ten conta formam doni imposterum faciend locum bet, & ad dona p!us facta no extendite Et si finis sup huj9modi ten imposterum levetur, ipo jure sit nullus, nc beant heredes aut illi ad quos spectat re?sio, licet plene sint etatis in Angl & ext prisonam, necesse appofie clamiu suu.

Quia dni feodog distringentes tenentes suos g Sviciis sibi debitis multociens gravant1 p hoc qd cum tenentes sui districcom suam p breve vel sine brevi replegia9int, ac ipi dni cum ad querimoniam teneciu suog ad

&c. reddat E. manerium de F. cum suis pertinentiis, quod C. dedit tali viro & tali mulieri, & heere dibus de ipsis viro & muliere exeuntibua.1] Or thus: [Quod C. dedit tali viro in liberum maritagium cum tali muliere, & quod post mortem prsedictorum viri & mulieris, prsedicto B. filio eorundem viri & mulieris descendere debeat per formam donationis prsedictse, ut dicit, &c. Yel, Quod 0. dedit tali & hseredi-bus de corpore suo exeuntibua, & quod post mortem illius talis, prsedicto B. filio prsedicti talis descendere debeat per formam, fee.2] The writ whereby the giver shall recover, when issue faileth, is common enough in the Chancery. And it is to wit that this statute shall hold place touching alienation of land contrary to the form of the gift hereafter to be made, and shall not extend to gifts made before. And if a fine be levied hereafter upon such lands, it shall be void in the law; neither shall the heirs, or such as the reversion belongeth unto, though they be of full age, within England, and out of prison, need to make their claim.

Forasmuch as lords of fees distraining their tenants for services [and customs] due unto them, are many times grieved, because their tenants do replevy the distress by writ, or without writ; and when the lords, at the complaint of their

1 Command A. that justly, $*c. he render to B. such a manor with the appurtenances, which C. gave to such a man, and such a woman, and to the heirs of the said man and woman issuing,

2 Which C, gave to such a man in free marriage with such a woman, and which, after the death of the aforesaid man and woman, to the aforesaid B. son of the aforesaid man and woman, ought to descend, by the form of the gift aforesaid, as he saith. Or, which C. gave to such a man and the heirs of his body issuing, and which after the death of the said such a one, to the aforesaid B. son of the aforesaid such a one, ought to descend by the form, frc.

A fine shall not bar the heir in tail.

n.

Mischiefs to lords distraining their tenants by replevins.

44

13 Edward I. Stat. Westm. sec.

A.D. 1285.

A recordare to remove the plaint out of the comity courts.

tenants, do come by attachment into the county, or unto another court, having power to hold pleas [of withernam,1] and do avow the taking good and lawful, by reason that the tenants disavow to hold ought, nor do claim to hold any thing of him which took the distress and avowed it, he that distrained is amerced, and the tenants go quit; to whom punishment cannot be assigned for such disavowing by record of the county, or of other courts having no record: It is provided and ordained from henceforth, that where such lords cannot obtain justice in counties and such manner of courts against their tenants, as soon as they shall be attached at the suit of their tenants, a writ shall be granted to them to remove the plea before the justices, afore whom, and none otherwhere, justice may be ministred unto such lords; and the cause shall be put in the writ, because such a man distrained in his fee for services and customs to him due: Neither is this act prejudicial to the law commonly used, which did not permit that any plea should be moved before justices at the suit of the defendant; for though it appear at the first shew that the tenant is plaintiff1, and the lord defendant, nevertheless, having respect to that, that the lord hath distrained, and sueth for services and customs being behind, he appeareth indeed to be rather actor, or plaintiff, than defendant. And to the intent the justices may know upon what fresh seisin the lords may avow the distress reasonable upon their tenants; from henceforth it is agreed and enacted, that a reasonable distress may be avowed upon the seisin of any ancestor or predecessor [since the time that a

Coin vel ad aliam curiam hentem potestatem pladtandi placita de vetito namio, p attachiamentu vefiint, & racionabilem & justam districcom advoca9int, p hoc qd tenentes dead-vocant nichil tenere nec dam tenere de eo qui districSSm fecit & advo-cavit, remansit qui distrinxit in mia & tenentes sui quieti, quibj p ilia deadvocacone p record Com sive aliajc Cur que record non hent pena infligi non potest: Dece?o pvisum est & statutu qd cum huj9modi dni in Com vel hujusmodi Cur justiciam de hujus-modi tenentib3 suis consequi non pos8int qam cito attachiati fuerunt ad sectam tenenciu suo£, concedatur eis breve ad ponendu loquelam illam coram Jus tic, coram quib3 & non alibi justicia hupmodi dnis exhiberi po?it; Et inseratur causa in bfi quia t&lis distrinxit in feodo suo p Sviciis & consuetudinib3 sibi debitis: nec p istud statutu derogatur legi ooi usitate que non pmisit piitum aliquod poni coram Justic ad petiaim defendentis; quia licet prima facie videbat* tenens actor & dns defendens hito tamen respectu ad hoc qd dns distringit & sequitur p tlviciis & consuetud sibi a retro existent^, realiter pocius ap-pebit actor sive querens qam defendens. Et ut in certo sint Justic de qua recenti seisina po?unt dni advocaro raconabilem districcom sup tenentes suos, decefo concordats est qd racona-bilis districco advocari pol!it de seisina antecessoj suo£ vel pdecessoj a tempo

1 of a forbidden or unjust taking,

45

quo breve nove disseie cnrrii Et quia aliqn oontingit qd cum tenens postq*m replegiaVit aVia sua aVia ilia vendit [vl elongat1] quominus returnu fieri possifc duo distringenti si adjndicetF: 5 visum est qd Vic aut baffi de ceYo no recipiant a con-querentib3 solumodo pleg [de gse-quendo1] anteq*m deliftaSSm faciant de aViis, set etiam de aViis retornandis si adjudicet' retumu. Et si quis alio modo pleg recepit respondeat ipe de pcio averioj & heat Dns distfngens recupare p breve qd reddat ei tot a9ia vel tot catalla, & si non heat Ballivus unde reddat, reddat supior buus. Et quia aliquando contingit qd postq»m adjudicatum f8it distringenti retumu a9iog, & sic dis-trictus, postqam a9ia sic retomata i?um replegia9it, cum viderit distrin-gentem compentem in curia patum sibi respondere, defaltam feSit, ob quam iYum adjudicabit* distringenti refoiu a9ioj & sic bis, tertio & in infinitum, replegiabunt* a Via, nec hebunt judicia curie Regis in hoc casu effcum, sup quo non fuit prius remediu g visum, ordinatus est in hoc casu talis pcessus qd qam cito adjudicatum fuerit distringenti retumu a9iog p breve de judicio mandetf vie qd retumu hre faciat distringenti de aViis; in quo brevi inseratur qd vie ea non deliberet sine brevi in quo fiat mencio de judicio p Justic reddito, quod fieri non poYit nisi p breve quod exeat de

a } Intcriinad on the rolL

writ of novel disseisin hath run.1] And because it chanceth sometimes that the tenant, after that he hath replevied his beasts, doth sell or [aliene *] them, whereby return cannot be made unto the lord that distrained, if it be adjudged: It is provided, that sheriffs or bailiffs from henceforth shall not only receive of the plaintiffs pledges for the pursuing of the suit, before they make deliverance of the distress, but also for the return of the beasts, if return be awarded. And if any take pledges otherwise, he shall answer for the price of the beasts, and the lord that distraineth shall have his recovery by writ, that he shall restore unto him so many beasts or cattle; and if the bailiff be not able to restore, his superior shall restore. And forasmuch as it hapneth sometime, that after the return of the beasts is awarded unto the distrainor, and the party so distrained, after that the beasts be returned, doth replevy them again, and when he seeth the distrainor appearing in the court ready to answer him, doth make default, whereby return of the beasts ought to be awarded again unto the distrainor, and so the beasts be replevied twice or thrice, and infinitely, and the judgements given in the King's court take no effect in this case, whereupon no remedy hath been yet provided; in this case such process [shall be awarded,8] that so soon as return of the beasts shall be awarded to the distrainor, the sheriff shall be commanded by a judicial writ to make return of the beasts unto the distrainor; in which writ it shall be expressed, that the sheriff shall not deliver them without writ, making mention of the judgement given by the justices, which cannot be without a writ issuing out of the rolls of the

1 from the time that the writ of novel disseisin doth run.

eloign 8 is ordained MS* TV. 1.

Pledget to prosecute a replevin.

Replevin of distress after judgement for return.

46

13 Edwabd I. Stat. Westm. sec.

A.D. 1285.

Writ of second deliverance.

Distress

irrepleviable.

V.

Three original writs of advowson.

said justices before whom the matter was moved. Therefore when he cometh unto the justices, and desireth 0) replevin of the beasts, he shall have a judicial writ, that the sheriff taking surety for the suit, and also of the beasts or cattle to be returned, or the price of them, if return be awarded, shall deliver unto him the beasts or cattle before returned, and the distrainor shall be attached to come at a certain day before the justices, afore whom the plea [was moved,2] in presence of the parties. And if he that replevied make default again, or for another cause return of the distress be awarded, being now twice replevied, [the 8] distress shall remain (4) irrepleviable; but if a distress be taken of new, and for a new cause, the process abovesaid shall be observed in the same new distress.

Whereas of advowsons of churches there be but three original writs, that is to say, one writ of right, and two of possession, which be darrein presentment, and quare impedit; and hitherto it hath been used in the realm, that when any having no right to present, had presented to any church, whose clerk was adniitted, he that was veiy patron could not recover his advowson, but only by a writ of right, which should be tried by battail or by great assise, whereby heirs within age, by fraud, or else by negligence of their wardens, and heirs [both of great and mean estate,5] by negligence or fraud of tenants by the courtesie, women tenants in dower, or otherwise for term of life, or for years, or in fee-tail, were many times disherited of their advowsons, or at least, which was the better for them, were driven to

1 again 2 shall be handled

8 that 4 for ever

. 6 both of hill age and within age,

rotulis Justic coram quib3 deducta fuerit loquela. Cum igit* adierit Justic & petierit a9ia sua i?um re-plegiar, fiat ei hoc breve de judicio, qd vie capta securitate de gs, & etiam de a9iis vel catatt retomandis vel eo£ pcio si adjudicetur retumu, deliberet ei a9ia vel catalla p*us retomata & attachiet* qui distrinxit ad veniendum ad certum diem coram Justic coram quib3 placitum deducatur in psenda pcium. Et si i?ato file qui reple-gia9it fe8it defaltam vel alia occ&ne adjudicet* retumu districconis jam bis replegiate, remaneat districco ilia imp-ptuu irreplegiabilis, set si de novo & de nova causa fiat districco de nova districcone §vetur geessus supradcus.

Cum de advocaconibus ecdia£ non M. 45. sint nisi tria brevia originaiia, videlicet breve de Recto & duo de possessio-nib3 s. Ultime presentaconis & Quare Impedit, & hucusq* usitatum ffiit in regno qd cum aliquis jus no hens psentandi psenta9it ad aliquam eccfiam cujus psentatus sit admissus ipe qui verus est patronus p nullum aliud breve recupare po?it advocaffim suam qam p breve de Recto quod het Smi-nari p duellum vel p magnam assam, p quod heredes infra etatem existentes p fraudem & negligenciam custod, heredes eciam sive majores sive minores p negligenciam vel fraudem tenenciu [in dotem x] p legem Angt, vel mu-lierum tenenciu in dotem, vel alio modo ad feninu vite vel annojf vel feodum talliatum multociens exhere-dacbm paciebant1 de advocaconib3 suis, vel ad minus quod melius eis fuit

1 Reg. A% omits.

i

A.D. 1285.

13 Edward I. Stat. Westm. sec.

47

ponebantur ad breve de recto, & in casu omio exheredati fuerut hucusq ,; statutum est qd hujusmodi psentacones non sint hujusmodi rectis heredibus aut illis ad quos post morte aliquog huj9modi advocaciones reverti debent prejudiciales, [quia*] quocienscuq, ali-quis jus non hens tempe huj9modi custodial psentaverit, vel tempe tenen-ciu in dotem p legem Angt vel alio modo ad Sminu vite vel annog vel p feodum talliatu, in pxima vacacione postqajn [heres2] ad etatem pvenlit vel advocacio post morte in forma pdca tenenciu ad herede plene etatis existentem re9titr heat eandem acooem & excepcom p breve de advocacone possessorium qualem heret ultimus antecessor huj9modi heredis plenam hens etatem in ultima vacacione tempe suo accidente ante mortem suam vel anteqam dimissio facta fuerit ad termini! vel ad feodum talliatum ut pdcm est; hoc idem ob§vet* de psenta-cionib3 fcis ad ecdias de hereditate ux tempe quo fuerut sub potestate virog suo£, quibj p istud statutu sub-veniatur p remedium supadcm. Yiris etiam religiosis Epis [Arch8] Recto-rib3 eccting & aliis psonia ecciasticis p istud idem statutum subveniatur, Si quis jus psentandi non hens psenta9it ad ecdias, domib3 suis placie dignitati aut psonatui spectantes, tempe quo vaca9int placie dignitates aut psonatus hujusmodi. Nec tamen ita large intelligatur istud statutu qd psone ad qua£ remedium istud statutum est editu heant recupare supMcm dicentes qd custodes, tenentes in dotem p legem n

2 ? Interlined on the roll.

3 Archidiaconis Beg. A. — Archid Rot. Bodl .: Lib. Horn. — Archiepis, Epis, Archidiaconis, MS. Cott. XVI.

their writ of right, [in which case hitherto they were utterly disinherited l]: It is provided, that such presentments shall not be so prejudicial to the right heirs, or to them unto whom such advowsons ought to revert after the death of any persons:

For as often as any, having no right, writ of

doth present during the time that ^*owson r ° possessory,

such heirs are in word, or during the

estates of tenants in dower, by the courtesie, or otherwise for term of life, or of years, or in tail, at the next avoidance, when the heir is come to full age, or when after the death of the tenants before named the advow-son shall revert unto the heir being of full age, he shall have such action (2) by writ of advowson possessorie, as the last ancestor of such an heir should have had at the last avoidance happening in his time, being of full age before his death, or before the demise was made [for term of life,8] or in fee-tail, as before is said: The same shall be observed in presentments made unto churches, being of the inheritance of wives, what time they shall be under the power of their husbands, which must be aided by this estatute by the remedy aforesaid. Also religious men, as bishops, archdeacons, parsons of churches, and other spiritual men, shall be aided by this estatute, in case any having no right to present do present unto churches, belonging to prelacies, spiritual dignities, parsonages, or to houses of religion, what time such houses, prelacies, spiritual dignities, or parsonages be vacant Neither shall Judgments this act be so largely understanden, that such persons, for whose remedy reversed, this statute was ordained, shall have the recovery aforesaid, surmising that guardians [of heirs, tenants in tail, by the courtesie, tenants in dower,4] for

1 and in case were hitherto altogether disherited,

2 and exception * for a term

4 tenants in dower, by the curtesy, or otherwise

48

13 Edward I. Stat. Westm.

A.D. 1285.

Plenarty not to be pleaded if writ be purchased within six months.

Presentation by tons under an agreement

Bemedy for disturbance.

term of life, or for years, or husbands, faintly have defended pleas moved by them, or against them; because the judgements given in the King's courts shall not be annulled by this statute, (*) the judgement shall stand in his force, until it be reversed in the court of the King as erroneous, if errour be found; or [by assise of darrein presentment, or by enquest by a writ of quare impedit, if it be passed, or be annulled *] by attaint, or (*) certification, which shall be freely granted. And from henceforth one form of pleading shall bfe observed among justices in writs of darrein presentment and quare impedit, in this respect, if the defendant alledgeth plenarty of the church of his own presentation, the plea shall not fail by reason of the plenarty; so that the writ be purchased within six months, though he cannot recover his presentation within the six months. And sometimes when . an agreement is made between many claiming one advowson, and inrolled before the justices in the roll, or by fine, in this form, that one shall present the first time, and at the next avoidance another, and the third time another; and so of many, in case there be many: And when one hath presented, and had his presentation, which he ought to have according to the form of [their agreement and fine4] and at the next avoidance he to whom the second presentation belongeth, is disturbed by any that was party to [the said fine,4] or by some other in his stead; it is provided, that from henceforth they that be so disturbed shall have no need to sue a quare

1 but

8 the assise of darrein presentment, or the enquest in the quare impedit, if any hath passed, be annulled 8 by 4 suck agreement

Angt, vel aliter ad Sminu vite vel annoj^, vel viri, ficte defenderunt pla-citum p ipos vel contra ipos motum; Quia judida in curia Regis reddita p istud statutum non adnichilent? set stet judicium in suo robore quousq p judicium curie Regis tanq»m erroniu, si error inveniat*, adnulletur; vel assisa Ultimo psentaconis vel [inqui-siconis1] p breve Quare impedit si taisierit p attinctam vel p Stificaa5em adnichiletur que gratis concedatur. Et dece?o una forma placitandi in brevibj Ultime psentaconis & quare impedit in? Justic ob§vetur, quoad hoc, si pars rea excipiat de plenitudine ecctie p suam ppiam psentaroem, non ppter plenitudinem illam remane&t loquela, dumm0 breve infra semestre tempus impetret* qamq*m infra tempus semestre psentacoem suam recupare no possit. Et cum aliquando in? plures damantes advocaroem alicujus ecctie pax fuerit formats in? ptes & irrotulata coram Justic in rotulo vel in fine sub hac forma, qd unus prirao psentet & in sequenti vacaaine alius & in ?cia ?cius, & sic de plurib3 si plures sint: Et cum unus psenta9it & habuerit suam psentac&m quam hre debet p formam illius convencionis, & in pxima vacacone [impediat*2] file ad quem sequens spectat psentac5 p aliquem qui fait pars illius convenconis vel loco ejus, statutum est qd dece?o non heant hujusmodi impediti necesae pquirere breve Quare impedit, set heit

1 Inquisicb Beg. A: Rot. Bodl.

Interlined on the roll.

13 Edward I. Stat. Westm.

49

I

i

recursum ad rotulum y©l ad finem; Et si in rotulo vel in fine compta fuerit pdca pax vel oonvencio, mandetur Vic qd scire fikdat pti impedienti qd sit ad aliquem brevem diem continen-tem spadu quindecim dieg vel trium septim, scdm qd locus est ppinquus vel remotu8, osten§ si quid sciat dicere quare sic impeditus talem psentacom suam here. non debeat: Et si non venerit vel forte vefiit & nichil sciat dicere quare sic impeditus psentacom suam hre non debeat radone alicuj9 fecti post pacem irrotulatam vel dro-graphatam, recupet psentacom suam cum dampnis suis. Et cum con-tingat qd post mortem [antecessog suoj quis x] ad (*) ecdiam psenta9it, assignata fOit ilia advocado in dotem alicuj9 mulieris, vel (8) p legem Angl, et tenentes in dotem (f) p legem Angl psenta^int & verus heres post mortem huj9modi tenenciu p legem Angl, vel in dotem [impediat* ] psentare cum ecdia vaca9it, g visum est qd decefo sit in eleccone impe-diti utrum pquirere velit p breve Quare impedit, vel Ultime psentaconis. Hoc etiam observetur de advocadonib3 dimissis ad fminu vite vel annog vel ad feodu talliatum. Et dece?o in brevib3 Ultime psentacionis & Quare impedit adjudicent? dampna videlicet ai tempus semestre taisierit p impe-dimentum alicuj us Ita qd si Epus ecdiam conferat & verus patronus ea vice psentacom suam amittat adjudi-

1 ancessoris qui Reg. qnii if intexiined

on the Tower BolL

aliq^m Reg. A.

teneatr Reg. A, Reg. A.

4 Interlined on the roll.

impedit, but shall resort to the roll

or fine; and if the said concord or

agreement be found in the roll or fine,

then the sheriff shall be commanded,

that he give knowledge unto the

disturber, that he be ready at some

short day, containing the space of

fifteen days, or three weeks, as the

place happeneth to be near or far, for

to shew if he can alledge any thing,

wherefore the party that is disturbed

ought not to present: And if he come

not, or peradventure doth come, and

can alledge nothing to bar the party

of his presentation by reason of any

deed made [or written1] since the fine

was made or inrolled, he shall recover

his presentation with his damages.

And where it chanceth that after the Remedy for

death of the ancestor [of him *] that

presented his clerk unto a church, the

same advowson is assigned in dower ended*

to any woman, or to tenant by the

curtesie, which do present* and after

the death of such tenants the very

heir is disturbed to present when

the church is void, it is provided,

that from henceforth it shall be in

the election of the party disturbed,

whether he will sue a writ of quare

impedit, or of darrein presentment.

The same shall be observed in advow-

sons demised for term of life, or years,

or in fee-tail. And from henceforth Damages in

quare impedit

in writs of quare impedit and dar- and darrein

rein presentment, damages shall be pre8entment

awarded, that is to wit, if the time of

six months pass by the disturbance of

any, so that the bishop do confer to

the church, and the very patron loseth

his presentation for that time, damages

1 Hast. 1603 omits.

8 Old printed translations omit these words.

D

50

13 Edwabd I. Stat.

A.D. 1285.

Writs for chapels, prebends,

vicarages, &c.

Usurpation by one coparcener upon another.

X.

Time of the delivering of writs for suits depending before justices in eyre.

shall be awarded f1 for two years value of the church. And if the six months be not passed, but the presentment be [deraigned2] within the said time, then damages shall be awarded to the half-year's value of the church f] and if the disturber have not whereof he may recompense damages, in case where the bishop conferreth by lapse of time, he shall be punished by two years' imprisonment: And if the advowson be [deraigned *] within the half-year, yet the disturber shall be punished by the imprisonment of half a year. And from henceforth writs shall be granted for chapels, prebends, vicarages, hospitals, abbeys, priories, and other houses which be of the advowsons of [other4] men, that have not been used to be granted before. And when the parson of any church is disturbed to demand tythes in the next parish by a writ of indicavit, the patron of the parson so disturbed, shall have a writ to demand the advowson of the tythes being in demand; and when it is [deraigned,5] then shall the plea pass in the court Christian, as far forth as it is [deraigned ] in the King's court. When an advowson descendeth unto parceners, though one present twice, and usurpeth upon his coheir, yet he that was negligent shall not be clearly barred, but another time shall have his turn to present when it falleth. * Whereas in the circuit of justices it was proclaimed*, that all such as would deliver writs, should deliver them within a certain time, after which no writ should be received; many trusting upon the same, and tarrying until the said time, and no writ

1-"3 MS. Tr. 1. and all printed translations have this sentence, in conformity with the printed copies of the text

recovered * any 5 tried

cent1 dampna ad valorem pEcdie de duob3 annis: Et si temp9 no tpnaierit* sj [disseionet* *] psentaco infi* temp? pdcm, tuc adjudicent? dampna ad valorem8] medietatis eccie p annu. Et si impeditor nichil heat unde resti-. tpere possit dampna in casu quando Eps confert p lapsum tempis puniatur p p^ona duo£ annog. Et si advocacio disraconefr infra tempus semestre puniatur tamen impeditor p prisoham dimidii anni. Et de ce?o concedantr bfia de Capellis, pbendis, vicariis, Hospitalibj, Abbiis, Prioratibus & aliis domib3 que sunt de advocacionib3 aliquog que prius concedi non consue-verunt. Et cum p breve Indicavit impediatur rector alicuj9 ecctie ad petendum decimas in vicina pochia, heat patronus rectoris sic impediti breve ad petendum advocacom decimal petitag. Et cum [disfona9it4] pcedat postmodum placitum in curia Xpianitatis, quaten9 disronatum f3it in curia Regis. Cum advocacio descendit pticipib3 ' licet unus bis psentet & usurpet sup coheredem, non pp? hoc exclusus sit ille in toto qui fuit negligent set alias heat'turnu suu psentandi cum accident.



Cum in Itinere Justiciaf pdamatum. fuerit, qd omes quibrevialiberare volii-erint, ea liberent infra certum ?minu post quern nullum breve redpiatur, multi de hoc confidentes cum moram feSint us<k ad pdcm Sminu & nullu

l — s These words, which are omitted from the Tower Roll, are here suppUed from Reg. A. wherewith agree the red book of the Exchequer at Dublin, MS. Cott. Claud. D. 1L, Rot. BodI Lib. Horn., innumerable other manuscripts, and all printed copies.

2 disronet* Rot. Bodl: Lib. Horn.

4 dission&9it Reg. A. — disrationatuzn fuerit printed copies.

13 Edward I. Stat. Westm. see.

51

breve sup eos faerit liberatum de licen-cia Justic recedunt, post quog recessum adversarii sui ipog absenciam pcipien-tes brevia sua porrigunt in cera, que aliquando p fraudem, aliquando p vie p dono recipiunt* & [alii1] qui sec^e credebant recessisse, ten, sua amit-tunt: ut huj9modi fraudi subveniatur impoflterum, statuit dus Rex, qd Justic in Itin&bj suis statuant Sminu, quindedm dieg vel mensis, minoris vel majoris Smini sedm qd Com filit major vel minor, infra quem ?minu publice gdamet*, qd omes qui brevia liberare voluerint ea liberent citra ilium £minu, & in adventu illius Smini certifieet Vic capitale Justic Iti&is quot bria [ftent *] & que, & qd ultra ilium Sminu nullum breve recipiat* quod si receptum fQit pcessus p illud feus p nullo iieatur, excepto qd breve cassatum durante toto iti&e relevari poSit; Breve edam de dote, de - viris qui obierint infra sumonicom itifiis, assise Ultime psenta-cSnis, Quare impedit de eccliis vacan-tibus infra sumonieom pdcam, quocuq, tempo ante recessum Justic, recipiant*; brevia eciam Nove disseie quocuq tempo facta fiierit dissela recipiantr.

[In iti&ibus Justic8] concedit dns Rex de gfa speciali qd illi qui ten bent in di9sis Comitatibj in quib3 Justic itifiant, vel de quibusdam ten in Com in quo Justic (4) itiSant timent impladtari, & de aliis tenem in Com in [qu - -6] Justic non itiflant [implaritent*6] coram Justic apud

1 illi Reg. A: Lib. Horn.

bet Reg. A.

J In the printed copies these words form the concluding part of the preceding sentence.

4 non printed copies.

5 qno Reg. A. — quib5 Rot. Bodl.

impfitant' Reg. A.

served upon them, departed by licence of the said justices; after whose departure their adversaries, perceiving their absence, delivered their writs in wax, which sometime by fraud, and sometimes for rewards, be received of the sheriff, and they, that thought to have departed quiet, lose their lands:

For the remedy of such fraud, from henceforth, the Bang hath ordained, that the justices in their circuits shall appoint a time of fifteen days, or a month, [or1] a time more or less, after a# the county shall happen to be more or less, within which time it shall be openly proclaimed, that all. such as will deliver their writs, shall deliver them before the same time; and when the time cometh, the sheriff shall certifie the chief justice in eyre how many writs he hath, and what, and that no writ be received after the same time; and if it be received, the process issuing thereupon shall be of none .effect; but only that a writ abated- any time during the circuit may be amended; also writs of dower of men that died within the summons of the circuit, assises of darrain presentment, quare impedit, of churches vacant within, the foresaid summons, shall be received at any time before the departure of the justices; also .writs of novel disseisin, at what time soever the disseisin was done, shall be received [in the circuit of justices.2]

Our lord the King of his special grace Any person granteth, that such as have land in may make a divers shires where the justices make attorney, in their circuit, [and that have land in eyre* shires where the justices have no circuit, that fear to be impleaded,8] and are impleaded of other lands in shires where they have no circuit, as before the justices at Westminster,

1 Not in original.

2 See note (a) to the Latin text

8 or who fear to he impleaded of lands in a shire where the justices make their circuit,


52

13 Edwabd I. Stat. Westm. sec.

A.D. 1285.

xm.

Sheriff imprisoning others for felony, &c. without an inquest shall be liable to action for ftlse imprisonment

or in the King's Bench, or before justices assigned to take assises, or in any county before sheriffs, or in any court baron, may make a general attorney to sue for them in all pleas in the circuit of justices moved or to be moved for them, or against them, during the circuit; which attorney or attorneys shall have full power in all pleas moved during the circuit, until the plea be determined, or that his master remove him; yet shall they not be excused thereby, but they shall be put in juries and assises before the same justices.

Forasmuch as sheriffs, feigning many times certain persons to be indicted before them in their turns of felonies and other trespasses, do take men that are not culpable nor lawfully indicted, and imprison them, and do exact money from them, whereas they were not lawfully indicted by twelve jurors; it is ordained, that sheriffs in their turns, and in other places [where they have power*] to enquire of trespassers by the King's precept, or by office, shall cause their inquests of such malefactors to be taken by lawful men, and by twelve at the least, which shall put their seals to such inquisitions; and those that shall be found culpable by such inquests, they shall take and imprison, as they have used aforetimes to do: and if they do imprison other than such as have been indicted by inquest, the parties imprisoned shall have their action by a writ of imprisonment against the sheriffs, as they should have against any other person that should imprison them without warrant; and as it hath been said of sheriffs, so shall it be observed of every bailiff of franchise.

1 when they have

Westm vel in Banco dni Regis vel coram Justic ad assisas capiendas assign, vel in aliquo Com coram Vic vel in aliqua cur Baron, facere possint attomatum gefialem ad sequendum j> eis in omib3 placitis in itinere Justic g ipis vel conta ipos motis vel movendis durante itirie, qui quidem attomatus vel attomati fceant potes-tatem in placitis motis in itiSe, quousq, placitu Sminet* vel dns suus ipm amo9it; nec p hoc excusent1' [si' fuerit1] in juratis, vel assisis coram eisdem Justic.

Quia Vic fingentes multociens coram eis aliquos in turais suis indictatos de furtis & aliis malefactis, capiunt homines non culpabiles nec legitimo modo indictatos & eos imp^onant, & ab eis pecuniam extorquent, cum legitimo modo p duodecim juratos non fuerunt indictati; Statutum est qd vie in turnis suis & alibi, cum inquirere faeant de malefcoribj p pceptum Regis vel ex officio suo, p legales holes, ad minus duodecim, faciant inquisicones suas de hujusmodi malefcorib3, qui inquisicoib3 suis sigilla sua apponant, & illos quos p hujusmodi inquisicoes inveSint culpa-biles, capiant & imprisonent sedm qd alias fieri consuevit: et si alios im-pisonaftnt, qam p huj9modi inquisicones [invefiint2] indictatos, fceant hupmodi inprisonati acoom suam p breve de inpisonamto versus Vic sicat herent versus qamcuq, aliam psonam que eos imprisonaret sine waranto; & ricut dcum est de Vic observetur de quolibet baftio libtatis.

1 si sint Reg. A. — quin sint printed copies.

2 Reg. A. omits.

A.D. 1285.

3 3 Edward I. Stat. Westm. sec.

53

Com de vasto fco in hereditate alicnj9 p custodes, tenentes in dotem, p legem Angl, vel aliter ad ?minu vite consue9it fieri breve de phibicone vasti, p quod breve multi fuerunt in errore, credentes qd tlli qui vastu fecerunt non ftuerunt necesse respon-dere nisi tantura de vasto fco post phibicom eis directam, Domin9 Rex ut huj9modi error dece?o tollat* statuit qd de vasto quocuq, modo ad nocumentu alicuj9 fco non fiat decefo breve de phibicoe, set breve de sumonicbe, ita qd ille de <Juo querit* respondeat de vasto fco quocuq, tempe. Et si post sumonicom non ve9it, attachiet* & post attachiamentu dis-tringatur; Et post districcom si non veftt, mandet7 vie, qd in pp*a psona assumptis secum duodecim, &c. accedat ad locum vastatum, & inquirat de vasto fco, & retumet inquisicom, et postq»m retomata fQit inquisicio pcedat* ad judiciu, sedm qd continet* in statuto prius edito apud [Westm.1]

In offii casu quo minores infra etatem [ implacitari 2 ] possunt, con-cessum eat, qd si hujusmodi minores elongati sint, quo minus psonaliter sequi possint, ppinquiores amici ad-mittant* ad sequendum p eis.

Cum debitum fuerit recupatum vel in curia Regis recognitum, vel dampna adjudicata, sit dece?o in eleccone illius qui sequit7 p hujusmodi debito aut dampnis, sequi breve, qd Vic fieri faciat

1 Gloucestf Rot. Boil.

2 implacitare Reg. A.

Whereas for waste done in the inheritance of any person, by guardians, tenants in dower, tenants by this courtesie of England, or otherwise for term of life, [or years,] a writ of prohibition of waste hath been used to be granted, by which writs many were deceived, thinking that such as had done the waste should not need to answer but only for waste done after the prohibition to them directed; our lord the King, to remove from henceforth this error, hath ordained, that of all manner of waste done to the damage of any person, there shall from henceforth be no writ of prohibition awarded, but a writ of summons, so that he of whom , complaint is shall answer for waste done at any time; and if he come not after the summons, he shall be attached, and after the attachment he shall be distrained; and if he come not after the distress, the sheriff shall be commanded that in proper person he shall take with him twelve, &c. and shall go to the place wasted, and shall inquire of the waste done, and shall return an inquest, and after the inquest returned, they shall pass unto judgement, like as it is contained in the Statute of Gloucester.1

In every case whereas such as be within age may sue, it is ordained, that if such within age be eloined, so that they cannot sue personally, their next friends shall be admitted to sue for them.

When debt is recovered or know-ledged in the King's court, or damages awarded, it shall be from henceforth in the election of him that sueth for such debt or damages, [to have a writ of fieri facias unto the sheriff for to levy the debt2] of the lands and

1 See Stat. Gloucester, 6 E. L c. 5.

3 to sue out a writ that the sheriff cause them to be made

XIV.

The process in an action of waste.

A writ of inquiry of waste.

XV. Infants eloined* may sue by prochein amy.

XVIIL Execution either by levying of the lands and goods, or by delivery of

ris and half land; at the choice of the creditor.

1

54

13 Edward I. Stat. Weatm. see.

A.D. 1285.

xnr

The ordinary chargeable to pay the debts of an intestate.

xxn.

Waste between jointenanta, and tenants in common.

goods; or that the sheriff shall deliver to him all the chattels of the debtor, saving only his oxen and beasts of his plough, and the one half of his land, until the debt be levied upon a reasonable price or extent: and if he be put out of that tenement, he shall recover by a writ of novel disseisin, and after by a writ of 'redisseisin, if need be.

Whereas after the death of a person dying intestate, which is bounden to some other for debt, the goods come to the ordinary to be disposed; the ordinary from henceforth shall be bound to answer the debts as far forth as the goods of the dead will extend, in such sort as the executors of the same party should have been bounden, if he had made a testament. « '*

Whereas two or more do hold wood, turf-land, or fishing, or other such thing in common, wherein none knoweth his several, and some of them do waste against the minds of the other, an action may lie by a writ of waste; and when it is come unto judgement, the defendant shall choose either to take his part in a place certain, by the sheriff, and by the view, oath, and assignment of his neighbours, [sworn and tried1] for the same intent, or else he shall grant to take nothing from henceforth in the same wood, turf-land, and such other, but as his partners will take; and if he do choose to take his part in a place certain, the part .wasted shall be assigned for his part, [as it was *] before he committed the waste. And [there is such a writ *] in this case, that is to say; [Cum A. & B. tenent boscum pro indiviso, B. fecit vastum, &c.4]

1 chosen and sworn

2 after as it was 3 the writ is such

Whereas A. and B, hold wood undividedly, B.

hath done waste, Sec.

de terris & catafi, vel qd Vic libe-ret ei omia catalla debitoris, exceptis bobus & affris caruoe & medietate terre sue, quousq, debitum f3it leva-tum p racionabile prium vel extentam: et si eioiatur de illo ten, heat recupare p bre Nove dissele & postea p breve redisseie si necesse fQit.

Cum post mortem alicujus deceden-tis ihtestati & obligati aliquibj in debito, bona deveniant ad ordinarios disponenda, obligetur dece?o Ordi-narius ad respondendum de debitis, quatenus bona defuncti sufficiunt, eodem modo quo executores hujusmodi respondere tenerent* si testamentum fecisset.

Cum duo vel plures teneant Boscum Turbariam, Piscariam vel alia hujusmodi in coi, absq, hoc qd aliquis sciat suu sepale, & aliquis eo£ faciat vastum cont* voluntatem al?ius, moveatur accio p breve de Yasto; & heat defendens cum ad judiciu veSifc eleocom capiendi ptem suam in Sto loco p Vic, & visum & sacrm & assig-n&com vicinog ad hoc elcoj & juratof, vel qd concedat qd nichil capiet dece^o in huj9modi bosco, Turbar & aliis nisi scdm qd pticipes sui cape voluerint; & si eligat cape ptem suam in §to loco assigned ei in sua pte locus vastat9 scdm qd fuit anteqam vastu fecit Bre in hoc casu .: Cum A & B. teneant boscu p indiviso, B. fecit vastum, &c.

A.D. 1285.

13 Edwabd I. Stai. Westm. sec.

55

Habeant dece?o ezecutores breve de

m

Compoto [reddendo,1] & eandem accom & processum p illud breve, qualem hint mortuos, & tret si vixisset. *

Breve de Tranisgreasione ad audien-

dum & ?minandu dece?o non conce-datur coram aliquibj Justic, exceptis Justic de utroq, Banco, & exceptis Justic itiSantib3 nisi p enormi t»nsgress ubi necesse est festinu appoSe remediu, & Dfis Bex de spali gra hoc duxerit concedendum: Nec eciam concedatnr deceSo breve ad audiend & ?minand appella coram Justic assign nisi in casu speciali & Sta causa DSs Bex hoc pcepit:

set ne huj^modi appellati vel indictati diu detineantr in pteona, teant breve de Odio & Atya, sicut in Magna Carta & aliis statutis dcm est. IBep., 9 Greo. 4. c. 31. s. l.J

Assign ent* deceSo duo Justic jurat! coram quib3 & non aliis capiantf assle Nove dissele. Mortis antecessoris & Attincte, & assoc sibi unii vel duos de discreciorib3 militib3 Com in quern ve&int & capiant assias pdcas & attinctas ad plus ter p ann, videlicet semel inf quindenam Sci Jotis Baptiste & gulam Augusti & ifum inf festum Exaltaconis See Crucis & Octat Sci Mictis, & Scio inter festum Ephie & festum Purifica^nis be Marie: et in quolibet Com ad qmlibet capcom assiaf anteq"m recedant, statuant diem de reditu suo, Ita qd omes de Com scire possint eoj adventu, et de Smino in fminu adjoment assisas, si p

1 Interlined on the roll: Beg, A. omits.

Executors from henceforth shall

have a writ of accompt, and the same

action and process, in the same writ,

as the testator [might have had x] if

he had lived.



A writ of trespass, ad audiendum

& terminandum, from henceforth shall not be granted before any justices, except justices of either bench, and justices in eyre, unless it be for an heinous trespass, where it is necessary to provide speedy remedy, and our lord the King of his special grace hath thought it good to be granted. And from henceforth a writ to hear and determine appeals before justices assigned shall not be granted but in a special case, and for a cause certain, when the King commandeth. But lest the parties appealed or indicted be kept long in prison, they shall have a writ of Odio & Atia, like as it is declared in Magna Charta and other statutes. £Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.]

From henceforth two justices sworn shall be assigned, before whom, and none other, assises of novel disseisin, mortdauncestor, and attaints shall be taken, and they shall associate unto them one or two of the discreetest knights of the Aire into which they shall come; and shall take the fore-said assises and attaints but thrice in the year at the most; that is to say, first between the quinzime of Saint John Baptist, and the gule of August; and the second time, between the feast of the Exaltation of the Holy Cross, and the utas of Saint Michael; and the third time, between the feast of the Epiphany, and the feast of the Purification of the blessed Mary: and in every shire at every taking of assises, before their departure, they shall appoint the day of their return, so that every one of the sliire may know of their coming, and shall adjourn the assises from term to term, if the taking of them be deferred at

1 had and should have,

xxin.

Writ of accompt, for executors.

YTTT.

To whom and in what cases commissions to hear and determine shall be granted.

A writ of Odio & Atia.

XXX. Assignment of justices of nisi prins.

Adjournment of assises.

13 Edward I. Stat. Westm. sec.

A.D. 1285.

Inquisitions of trespass, &c. may be determined before justices of nisi prius.

The writ of nisi prius.

any day by vouching to warranty, by essoin, or by default of jurors: and if they see that it be profitable for any cause that assises of mort-dauncestor, being respited by essoin or voucher, ought to be adjourned into the bench, it shall be lawful for them to do it, and then they shall send the record with the original writ before the justices of the bench; and when the matter is come to the taking of the assise, the justices of the bench shall remit the matter to the former justices before whom the assise shall be taken. But from henceforth the justices of the bench in such assises shall give four days at the least in the year [before the said justices assigned, for to spare expence and labour: Inquisitions of trespass shall be determined before the justices of both benches,1] except the trespass be so hainous that it shall require great examination: Inquisitions also of other pleas pleaded in either of the benches, shall be determined before them, wherein small examination is required, as when the entry or seisin of any is denied, or in case .when one article is to be inquired: But inquisitions of many and great articles, the which require great examination, shall be taken before the justices of the [bench,2] except that both parties desire that the inquisition may be taken afore some of the associates when they do come into those parts; [so that from henceforth it8] shall not be done but by two justises, or one with some knight of the shire, upon whom the parties can agree; and such inquisitions shall not be determined by any justices of the bench, unless a day and a place

1 before the said justices assigned, for to spare expence and labour, shall be determined inquisitions to be taken of trespasses pleaded before the justices of either bench,

- benches 3 which from henceforth

vocacom waranti, p esson, p defcum recognitojf [si*1] ad unum diem capcio eag differatur: et si aliqua de causa viderint qd utile sit qd assise Mortis antecessoris p essoniu vel vocacom waranti respectuate adjoment? in Banco, liceat eis hoc facere, et tuc mittant Justic de Banco recordum cum brevi originali; [Et cu loquela pveniat? ad capcione assie remittal? loquela cu brevi originali *]. p Justic de Banco ad priores Justic coram quU>3 capiatur assla. Set dece?o dent Justic de Banco in hujusmodi assisis ad minus quatuor dies p [annu, coram8] pfatis Justic assign, ut peal? laborib3 & expensis at?minent? inquisicones capiende de l?nsgressionib3 placitatis coram Justic de utroq> Banco, nisi ita enormis sit tansgressio, qd magna indigeat examinacone: at?minentr

eciam coram eis inquisicones de aliis placitis placitatis in utroq, Banco in quib3 fecilis est examinacio, ut quando dedicit? ingressus vel seisina alicuj9, vel in casu cum de uno articulo sit inquirend; set inquisicones de grossis & plurib3 articulis que magna indigent examinacone, capiant? coram Justic de Bancis, nisi ambe ptes petant qd inquisicio capiat? coram aliquib3 de societate cum in ptes ill as veSint, quod decefo non fiat nisi p duos Justic vel unu cum aliquo milite de Com, in que ptes consendut; nec attminent? huj9modi inquisicones coram aliquibj Justic de Banco nisi statuantur certus

1 Old printed copies omit this word. It is interlined in Lib. Horn.

2 Interlined on the roll.

3 annu. IT Coram Reg. A.

13 Edwabd I. StaL Westm. sec.

57

dies & locus in Com in psencia pciu & dies & locus inserant7 in brevi de judicio p hec verba: Precipim9 tibi qd venire facias coram Justic nfis apud Westm in octaft SSL Micfeis, nisi tabs & talis, tali die & loco, ad ptes illas veffint, xij. &c. Et cu hupmodi inquisicones capte fflint retomet1 in Bands, & ibi fiat judidu & irrotu-letur. Et si omissa forma pdca alique inquisidones capiant*, p nullis fteantur, excepto qd assla Ultime psentacois & inquisicoes sup Quare impedit at?mi-nentrin ppio Com coram uno Justic de Banco & uno milite, ad certos tamen diem & locu in Banco statutos, sive defendens consenciat sive non, & ibi statim reddatur judidu: fteant dece?o omes Justic de Bancis [&1] Itineribj cticos irrotulantes omia pladta coram ds placitata, sicut antiquit? lire consueverut.. Ite ordi-natu est qd Justic ad assTas capiendas assign, non compellant juratores dicere pdse si sit diss vel non, dumodo volQint di8e veritatem fci, & pete auxiliu Justic; set si sponte velint dicere qd disseis* est vel non, admit-tatur eo£ veredcm sub suo piculo.

Et deceto non ponant JustiC in assis aut Jur aliqnos Juratores nisi eos qui ad hoc primo fuerunt sumoiti. JRep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.]

M. 43. Cum aliquis implacitatus coram aliquibj Justic pponat excepcoem &

1 in Lib. Rub. Scacc. Dub I .* printed copies. — Lib. Horn, reads de banco & in Itinerc

certain be appointed in the shire, in presence of the parties, and the day and place shall be mentioned in a writ judidal by these words: [Prsed-pimus tibi quod venire facias coram justiciariis nostris apud Westmonas-terium in octabis Sancti Michaelis, nisi talis & talis tali die & loco ad partes illas venerint, duodecim, &c.1] And when such inquests be taken, they shall be returned into the [bench,2] and there shall judgement be given, and there they shall be inrolled. And if any inquisitions be taken otherwise than after this form, they shall be of no effect, except that an assise of darrein presentment, and inquisitions of quare impedit shall be determined in their own shire before one justice of the bench and one knight; at a day and place certain in the bench assigned, whether the defendant consent or not, and there the judgement shall be given immediately: All justices of the benches [from henceforth shall have in their circuits3] clerks to inroll all pleas pleaded before them, like as they have used to have in time passed. And also it is ordained, that the justices assigned to take assises shall not compel the jurors to say precisely whether it be disseisin or not, so that they do shew the truth of the [deed,4] and require aid of the justices; but if they of their own head will say, that it is () disseisin, their verdict shall be admitted at their own periL And from henceforth the justices shall not put in assises or juries any other than those that were summoned to the same at the first. [Rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.]

When one that is impleaded before any of the justices doth alledge an

1 We command thee, to cause to come before our justices at Westminster, in the octave of Saint Michael, unless such and such, at such a day and place, come to those parts, twelve, jfc.

5 benches

8 and in the circuits, from henceforth shall have

4 fact * or it not

Proceedings after verdict.

Assises of darrein presentment and quare impedit shall be ended in their proper counties.

Justices shall ha^fe their own clerks.

Special

verdicts.

None shall be pat in juries unless summoned.

XXXI.

58

13 Edward I. Sttat. Westm. sec.

AJ). 1285-

Proceedings on bills of exceptions.

XXXII. Remedy in case of mortmain under judgements by collusion.

[See Statute 7 Edw. I. de Viris Red-giosis.]

exception, praying that the justices will allow kit, which if they will not allow, if he that alledged the exception do write the same exception, and require that the justices will put to their seals for a witness, the justices shall' so do; and if one will not, another of [the company *] shall. And if the King, upon complaint [made of the justices,2] cause the record to come before hip, and the same exception be not found in the roll, and the plaintiff shew the exception written, with the seal of a justice put to, the justice shall be commanded that he appear at a certain day, either to confess or deny his seal; and if the justice cannot deny his seal, they shall proceed to judgement according to the same exception, as it ought to be allowed or disallowed.

When religious men and other ecclesiastical persons do implead any, and the party impleaded maketh default, whereby he ought to leese the land, forasmuch as the justices have thought hitherto that if the party impleaded make default by collusion, that where the demandant, by occasion of the statute, could not obtain seisin of the land by title of gift, or other alienation, [he shall now 8] by, reason of the default, and so the statute is defrauded; it is ordained by our lord the King, and granted, that in this case, after the default made, it shall be inquired by the country, whether the demandant had right in the thing demanded, or no. And if it be found that the demandant had right in his demand, the judgement shall pass with him, and he shall recover seisin: and if he hath no right, the land shall accrue to the next lord of the fee, if he demand it within a year from the time of the

1 those associated

2 of wkat the justice hath done

3 yet he shall obtain it

petat qd Justic earn allocent, quam si allocare noluerint si iUe qui excep-coem gponet,.scribat illam excepcoem & petat qd Justic apponant sigilla in testimoniu, Justic sigilla sua apponant, Et si unus apponere noluerit, apponat alius de societate. Et si forte ad querimoniam de fco' Justic venire faciat Dus Rex recordum coram eo, & si ilia excepcio non inveniatur in rotulo, & querens ostendat exoepcom scriptam cum sigillo Justic appenso, mandetur Justic qd sit ad certum diem ad cognoscendum sigillum suu vel dedicendum; Et si Justic sigil-lum puu dedicere pon possit, gcedat1 ad judiciu scdm illam excepcom gut admittenda esset vel cassanda.

Cum Yiri religiosi & alie psone ecctiastice implacitent aliquem & im-placitatus feSit defaltam ob quam ten amitfe debeat, quia Justic hucusq, [timuerunt1] qd si implacitatus feSit defaltam p collusione, ut cu petens occone statuti p titulum -doni aut alterius alienac&nis seisinam de ten consequi non posset, p illam defaltam consequeret* & fieret fraus statute; Ordinatu est p Dnm Rege & concessu, qd in hoc casu postqam defalta fca fSib, inquirat1 p priam utru petens heat jus in sua petic5ne aut non. Et si comp-tum fQit qd petens jus het in sua peti-cone gcedatur ad judiciu p petente & recupet seisinam suam; Et si jus non habQit, incurratur ten pxio dno feodi, si illud [pe-----a] infra annu a tempe

3 tenuerunt printed copies.

2 petat Reg. A.

13 Edward I. Stat. Weetm. sec.

59

inquisiconis capte; Et si infra annu non petat, supiori duo incurratur si petat infra dimidiu annu post illu. annu; Et sic beat quilibet dns post pximu dnm spacium dimidii anni ad petendu successive, quousq, pveniatur ad Rege, cui ad ultimii g defcu aliog dnog ten incurratur: et ad calumpni-andu juratores inquisicois admittant* quicuq, capitales dni feodog, & similiter g Rege qui calumpniare volSit; & remaneat terra, postqam judiciu [clarum l-\ fQit, in manum Dm Regis, quousq, ten p.petentem vel aliquem capitalem dnm disronetur, & ofietur

Vic ad respondendum inde ad Sc*cium.

[Purveu est que si homme ravist femme, espouse, damoisele, ou autre femme desoremes, par' la ou ele ne se est assentue ne avaunt ne apres, eit jugement de vie e de membre; e ensement par la Ou home ravist femme, dame espouse, damoisele, ou autre femme a force, tut seit he ele se assente apres, eit tel jugement come avaunt est dit si il seit ateint a la suite le Rei, e la eit le Rei sa suite.2] [Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s; l.J

De mulieribj abductis cum bonis viri heat Rex sectam de bonis sic asportatis; & ux si sponte reliquerit virum suu, & abierit & moretur cum adultero suo, amittat imppetuu accom petendi dotem suam, que ei compete posset de ten viri, si sup hoc' con-

1 datum Reg. A.

2 Provisum est eciam qd si aliquis muliere sponsatam, puellam, aut aliam quamcuq^ deceYo rapiat, ubi nec ante, nec post oon-senserit; heat judiciu de vita & membris; PreYea cum aliquis mulierem sponsatam, puellam aut aliam quamcuq^ vi, ac con* voluntatem ipius rapuerit, licet post con-seciat, heat tale judiciu ut supradcm est si covincatur, ad sectam Regis, ibi heat Rex sectam suam. Lib. Cust. London, fo. 127.

In MS. CotU XVI. this chapter is in Latin, nearly aa above. In MS. HarL 5326, the whole statute is in French; In MS. Reg. 20 A. VIII. two copies of the statute are given, one wholly in French, and the other in Latin, but with this chapter in French; MSS. HarL 79, 3824, 5044. contain abridgements of this chapter in Latin.

See note to chapter 49, page j72j.

inquest taken; and if he do not demand it within the year, it shall accrue to the next lord above, if he do demand it within half a year after the same year; and so every lord after the next lord shall have the space of half a year to demand it successively, until it come to the King, to whom at length, through default of other lords, the lands shall accrue: And to challenge the jurors of the inquest, every of the chief lords of the fees shall be admitted, and likewise for the King, they that will shall , challenge and after the judgement given, the land shall remain [clear1] in the Bang's hands, until it be dereigned by the demandant, or some other chief lord, and the sheriff shall be charged to answer therefore at the Exchequer.

* #. * .* w

It* is provided, that if'a 'man from henceforth do ravish - a Woman,1 married; maid,' or j other,1 where she did not consent, neither before nor after, he shall have judgement of life and of, member. And likewise t where .a plan-, ravisheth. a woman, married lady, damosel, or other, with force, although she consent after, he shall have such judgement as before is said; if he be attainted at the King's suit, and there the King shall have the suit. [Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31, s. LJ

And of women carried away with the goods of their husbands, the King shall have the suit for the goods so taken away. And if a wife willingly leave her husband, and go away, and continue with her advouterer, she shall be barred for ever of action to demand her dower, that she ought to have of her husband's lands, if she be convict

1 Not in original.

Challenge of the jurors.

XXXIV. Judgement of 1 life and

member for. . rape,.

Dower forfeited by elopement with adulterer.

60

13 Edwaed I. Stat. Westm. sec.

A.D. 1285.

Taking away of a nan.

XXXV. Punishment of him th&t taketh away a ward.

Writ of ravishment of ward. 4

In the proper county.

thereupon, except that her husband willingly, and without coertion of the church, reconcile her, and suffer her to dwell with him; in which case she shall be restored to her action. He that carrieth a nun from her house, although she consent, shall be punished by three years imprisonment, and shall make convenient satisfaction to the house from whence she was taken, and nevertheless shall make fine at the King's will.

Concerning children males or females, whose marriage belongeth to another, taken and carried away, if the ravisher have no right in the marriage, though after he restore the child unmarried, or else pay for the marriage, he shall nevertheless be^punished for his offence by two years imprisonment. And if he do not restore, or do marry the [child1] after the years of consent, and be not able to satisfy for the marriage, he shall abjure the realm, or have perpetual imprisonment; and thereupon the plaintiff shall have such a writ: [Si A. fecerit te securum de clamore suo, &c. tunc pone per vadium, &c. B. quod sit coram Justi-ciariis, &a ostensurus, quare talem hseredem infra setatem existentem, cujus maritagium ad ipsum pertinet, tali loco inventum rapuit & abduxit contra voluntatem ipsius A & contra pacem nostrum, &c.8] And if the heir be in the same county, then this clause must.be thereto added: [Et diligenter inquiras, ubi ille haeres sit in balliva tua; & ipsum (ubicun-que fuerit inventus) capias, & salvo & secure custodias, ita quod eum habeas coram prsefatis Justiciariis'

[Latin removed.]

1 heir

9 If A. give thee narety for prosecuting his claim, then put by gage, jfc. B. that he be before the justices, (fc. to shew, wherefore such an heir being within age, whose marriage belongeth to him, in such a place found, he hath ravished and carried away, against the will of him the said A. and against our peace, See. (

ille heres sit in baflia tua, & ipm * ubicuq, fQit invent9 capias, & salvo & secure custodias, ita qd eu heas coram

1 B. Lib. Horn.

61

pf&tis Justic nris ad pfatum ?minu ad reddendum cui pdco£ A. vel B. reddi debeat: & fiat secta 9sus ptem de qua querit* quousq, p districcoem veSit, si beat p quod possit distringi, vel p contumaciam si nd sit justiciabilis exigatur & utlaget*; Si forte hopmodi heres ducatur & t^nsferatur in aliu Com tunc Vic illius Com fiat breve in hac forma: Questus est nob A. qd B. nup talem heredem, infra etatem & in

custodia sua existente, [-----x] loco in

Com tali rapuit & de Com tali ad talem locum in Com tuo abduxit, cont voluntatem ipius A. & cont» pacem n{am. Et ideo tibi pcipimus qd pdcm beredem ubicuq, in balliva tua in venire pofts capias & salvo & secure eu custodias ita qd eum faeos coram Justic nfis tali loco & die, que diem idem A bet 9sus pdcm B. ad reddendum, cui de jure reddi debeat. Et si heres anteqm inveniri poSit, vel anteqm restituat? querenti obierit n'omin9 pcedat ptitum inS eos quousq, Sminet* cui restitui deberet si supstes fuisset, 1 tab Reg. A.

nostris ad profatum terminum, ad reddendum cui predictorum A- vel B. reddi debeat:1] and suit shall be Process against made against the party on whom noflfender* complaint is made, until he come in by distress, if he have whereby he may be distrained; or else for his contumacy, in case he be not [justifiable,2] he shall be (*) outlawed; and if percase the heir be [married or carried4] into another county, then a writ shall be directed to the sheriff of the same shire in this form: [Ques- Writ, if the tus est nobis A. quod B, nuper talem haeredem infra aetatem & in custodia county, sua existentem tali loco in oomitatu tali rapuit, & de comitatu tali ad talem locum, in Com' tuo abduxit contra voluntatem ipsius A. & contra pacem nostram, &c. Et ideo tibi procipimus, quod prodictum haeredem (ubicunque in balliva tua invenire poteris) capias,

& salvo & secure eum custodias, ita quod eum habeas coram Justitiariis nostrjs, &c. tali die, quern id em A habet versus prodictum B. ad reddendum cui de jure reddi debeat.6] And if Death of the the heir do die afore he can be found, Ihe^f^ded. or before he can be restored to the plaintiff, the plea shall pass between them nevertheless, until it be tried unto whom he ought to have been restored if he had been living; neither

1 And diligently enquire where that heir may he within thy bailiwick, and him, wheresoever he shall be found, take, and safely and securely keep, so as to have him before our aforesaid justices at the term aforesaid, to render to which of them the aforesaid A. or B. he ought to be rendered.

justiciable 3 exacted and

4 carried and transferred

6 A. hath complained unto us that B. of late, such an heir being within age and in his custody at such a place in such a county, did ravish, and from such county to such a place in thy county, did carry away, against the will of him the said A. and against our peace. And therefore we command thee to take the aforesaid heir, wherever in thy bailiwick thou const find him, and him safely and securely keep, so as to have him before our justices at such a place and day, which day the said A. hath against the aforesaid B., to render to him to whom of right he ought to be rendered.

13 Edward I. Stat. Weatm. sec.

A.D. 1285.

Death of the plaintiff.

Death of the defendant.

Resummons in

commoni

custodia.

shall the ravisher of such a one be excused or eased of the punishment aforesaid by the death of the heir, whom he did withhold by wrong during his life. And if the plaintiff die before the plea determined, if the right belong to him by reason of his proper fee, the plea shall be resummoned at the suit of the heir of the plaintiff, and the plea shall pass in due order; but if the right belongeth to him by another title, as by a title of gift, sale, or other Such like, then the plea shall be resummoned at the suit of the executors of the plaintiff, and the plea shall pass as before is said. In the same' manner if the defendant die before the plea be tried, or the heir be restored, the plea shall pass by resummons between the plaintiff, his heirs or executors, and the executors. of the defendant, oi* his heirs, if the executors be not sufficient, to satisfy for the value of the* marriage, after as it is contained' in« other statutes, but not as to the pain of imprisonment, [for *] none ought to be punished for the offence of another. In the same manner when a plea hangeth between parties for the ward of land, or of an heir, or of both, by the common writ that beginneth Praecipe tali, &c. quod redd&t, &c., resummons shall be made between the heirs and executors of the plaintiff, and likewise the heirs and the executors of the defendant, if death prevent any of the parties before the plea determined; and when they have passed to the great distress, a day shall be given, within which three county courts may, be holden at the least, in every of which open proclamation shall be made, that the deforcer shall come into the bench at the day contained in the writ,

1 wherewith

nec excusabitur ille aut alleviabitur ille qui injuste rapuit hupmodi here-dem de pena supradca post morte heredis cup extitit male fidei [posses-----x] dum vixifc. Et si querens

obierit ante placitum tminatum, si jus ei competebat rone pprii feodi sui> resumoneatur loquela ad sectam heredis querentis &; pcedat placitum: debito ordine; Si vero p aliu titulum competat ei jus, sicut titulo donacionis, vendicionis vel alio hupmodi titulo,

tuc resumoneatur loquela ad sectam executojj querentis & pcedat ptitum ut pdcm edL Eodem modo si moriatur ps defendens anteqam. plitum ?minetr vel heres restituatur, pcedat placitum p resuinonicoem in? querente vel ejus heredem seu executores, & executores defendentis, vel * ejus heredem si executory non sufficiant, quoad s&tisfac?

com de valore maritagii, scdm qd in aliis statutis' continetr,' set non quoad penam p*sone, qua quis p aiieno fco non est puniendus. Eodem modo cum pendeat' placitu in? ptes de cus-

todia terre, [& ^ heredis vel utriusq, p coe bre quod incipit, Precipe tali qd reddat &c. fiat resumonicio in? heredes & executores querentis, & similiter heredes aut executores defen-dentis, si mors1 alteram * ptem pveniat ante plitum ?myiatu; & cum pveniat1, ad magnam districoom detur ?min9, infra que tres Com teneantur ad min9, in quo£ quolibet. Com fiat, publica pclamacio, qd deforciator veniat ad

13 Edward t Stat. Westm.8ec.

03

respond querenti, ad quem diem si non veSit & si gclam&cio sic semel scdo & Scio testificata f3it, gcedatur ad judiciu1 p querente, salvo jure^defendentis si postmodum inde loqni volQit. Eodem m° fiat in bri de t»nsgressione cu quis querit* se ejectum ftdsse de huj9modi custod,

Et quia dni cur & alii qui cur tenent & senescalli, volentes gravare subditos suos cum non fteant legalem viam eos gravandi, procurant alios inovere querelas versus eos & dare vad & offerre pleg, vel impetare bria & ad sectas huj9modi querenciu com-pellunt eos sequi Com Hundr & Cur quousq, finem feSint cum ipis p volun-tate sua; statutum est qd dece?o hoc non fiat. Et si quis p hupmodi falsas querimonias fQit atachiat9 . replegiat districcom suam sic captam, & poni faciat loquelam coram Justic, coram qnib3 (*) Vic vel alius Balls vel dns, postqam sic district us forma9it queri-moniam suam [& 2] advocafat just am districcoem rone huj9modi querimoniag coram eis fcag, & replicetur qd huj5-modi querimonie 9sus eos movebantur maliciose ad instanciam seu pcuracom Tic aut alio£ bafliog aut dnog, admit-tatur ilia replicacio. Et si sup hoc convicti. fQint versus Dnm Begem redimant* & nk>min9 huj9modi sic gravatis dampna in triplo restituant.

Quia eciam bath, ad quos ex officio ptinet districcones facere, volentes

Litted } A'

to answer the plaintiff; at which day if he come not, and the; proclamation be so returned' once, twice, '[or1] thrice, the judgement shall pass for the plaintiff, saving the right of the defendant, if after he will claim it. In the same manner it shall be done in a writ of trespass, when any complaineth himself to be ejected from such wardships.

Forasmuch as lords of courts, and other that keep courts, and stewards, intending to grieve [their inferiors,2] where they have no lawful mean so to do, procure other to move matters against them, and to put in surety and [other *] pledges, or to purchase writs, and at the suit of such plaintiffs compel them to follow the county, hundred, [wapentake,] and other like courts, until they have made fine with them at their will; it is ordained, that it shall not be so used hereafter. And if any be attached upon such, false complaints, he shall replevy his distress so taken, and shall cause the matter to be brought afore the jus* tices, before whom if the sheriff, [bailiff, or other lord,4] after that the party distrained hath framed his plaint, will advow the distress lawful by reason of such complaints made unto them, and it be replied that such plaints were moved maliciously, against the party by the solicitation, or procurement of the sheriff, or other bailiffs, or lords, the same replication shall be admitted; and if they be convict hereupon, they shall make fine to the King, and nevertheless restore treble damages to the parties grieved.

Forasmuch also as bailiffs, to whose office it belongeth to take distresses,

i and 2 their tenants

offer 4 or other bailiff, or lord

The like in

ejectione

custodies.

XXXVI. Penalty for procurement of suits in courts-baron, county-courts, &c.

Pine to the King and treble damages to parties aggrieved.

XXXVII. No distress bat by bailifls known and sworn.

13 Edward I. Stai. Weatm. sec.

A.D. 1285-

XXXIX. How writs shall be delivered to sheriffs to be executed.

intending to grieve [their inferiors,1] that they may exact money of them, do send strangers to take distresses, to the intent that they might grieve [their inferiors,1] by reason that the parties so distrained, not knowing such persons, will not suffer the distresses to be taken; it is provided, that no distress shall be taken, but by bailiffs sworn and known. And if they which do distrain do otherwise, and thereof be convict, if the parties grieved will purchase a writ of trespass, they shall restore damages to the parties grieved, and besides, shall be grievously punished towards the King.



Forasmuch as justices, to whose

office it belongsth to minister justice to all that sue before them, are many times disturbed in due execution of their office, for that sheriffs do not return writs original and judicial; and also for that they make false returns unto the King's writs; our lord the King hath provided and ordained, that such as do fear the malice of sheriffs, shall deliver their writs original and judicial in [the open county, or in the county *] where the collection of the King's money is; and may take of the sheriff or undersheriff, being present, a bill, wherein the names of the demandants and tenants mentioned in the writ shall be contained; and at the request of him that delivered the writ, the seal of the sheriff or undersheriff shall be put to the bill for a testimony, and mention shall be made of the day of the deliverance of the writ. And if the sheriff or undersheriff will not put his seal to the bill, the witness of knights and other credible persons being in presence shall be taken, that put their

1 those within their jurisdiction

the full county court, or the rere county court,

subditos suos g*vare ut ab eis pecu-

niam extorqueant, mittunt ignotos ad

fadend districcoes ea intencone ut

subditos g°vare possint, p hoc qd sic

district non ftentes noticiam psonag

non pmittut huj9modi districcones

sup eos fieri; Statutu est qd nulla

district*) fiat nisi p baflios juratos &

notos; & distringentes si alio modo

feSint & de hoc convicti fuerint, si

g°vati breve de tansgressione impet*-

verint, restituant gravatis dampna, &

versus Begem g*viter puniant* * Quia Justic, ad quog officium spectat

unicuiq, coram eis plocitanti justiciam

exhibere, frequencius impediunt* quo-

min9 officiu suu debito modo exequi

possent, p hoc qd ViS bria originalia

& judicialia non retmant, p hoc ecia

qd ad brevia Regis falsum returnant

responsum, pvidit Dns Rex & ordi-

navit, qd illi qui timent maliciam Vic

lifeent bria sua originalia & judicialia

in pleno Com, vel in retro Com, ubi

fit colleccio denariog Dni Regis, &

capi&tur bilettu de Vic psente vel

subvic in quo biletto contineantr

nomina pel & ten que ndianV in bri,

& ad requisicoem illius qui breve

libabit apponat1 sigillu Vic vel Subvic

in testimoniu & fiat mencio de die

liberacois bris. Et si ViS vel Subvic

huj9modi biletto sigilla sua appoSe

noluerint, capiatur testimoniu mili-

tum & aliog fide dignog qui psentes

fQint, qui sigilla sua huj9modi biletto

13 Edward I. Stat. Westm. sec.

65

apponant. Et si Vic brevia sibi lifcata non retaia^it, & sap hoc Justic queri-monia pveniat, mandetur p breve de judicio JuBtic ad assis capiend assign, qd inquirant p eos qui psentes f8int quando bfe Vic lifcatum fait si sci-verint de ilia lifcacone, & inquisicio retomet*. Et si comptum fQit p in-quisicom qd breve fait ei lifcatum, adju-dioentr petenti vel querenti dampna, fcito respectu ad qantitatem & quali-t&tem aceoia & ad piculum quod ei evenire posset p dilonem, quam pacie-batur; Et p istam viam fiat remediu, quando Vic respondet qd breve adeo tarde venit qd pceptum Begin exequi non potuit.

seals to such bill. And if the sheriff Remedy for will not return writs delivered unto ^eturn 01 him, and complaint thereof be made to the justices, a writ judicial shall go unto the justices assigned to take assises, that they shall inquire by such as were present at the deliverance of the writ to the sheriff, if they knew of the deliverance, and an inquest shall be returned. And if it be found by the inquest, that the writ was delivered to him, damages shall be awarded to the plaintiff or demandant; having respect to the quality and quantity of the action, and to the peril that might have come to him by reason of the delay that he sustained; and by this mean there shall The like for be remedy when the sheriff retumeth fal#c ^etu^ll8, that the writ came too late, whereby he could not execute the King's commandment.

Multodens eciam capiunt placita dilonem p hoc qd Vic respondet qd pcepet Ballivis alicuj9 libertatis qui nichil inde feSunt & ndiant lifctates que nuq^m return bfium fcuerunt, pp? quod ordinavit Dns Bex qd Thesaur de Sc*cio liftet in rotulo omes lifctates in quibuscumq, Com, que fcent retumu brium. Et si Vi5 respondeat qd retumum fecit balfis al?ius lifctatis q*m alicuj9 contente in pdco rotulo, statim puniatur Vic tanqam exhe-redator Dni Begis & Corone sue. Et si forte respond qd retornavit Balfis alicuj9 lifctatis, que veraci? return fcet, mandetur Vic, qd non omittat pp? pdcam lifctatem, quin exequatur pceptum Dni Begis, et qd scire faciat Balfis quibj fedt retrnu qd sint ad diem

Oftentimes also pleas be delayed by The like where reason that the sheriff retumeth that he hath commanded the bailiffs of some liberty which did nothing therein, and nameth liberties that never had the return of writs; whereupon our lord the King hath ordained, that the treasurer [and barons] of the Exchequer shall deliver [to the justices] in a roll all the liberties in all shires that have return of writs. And if the sheriff answer that he hath made return to a bailiff of another liberty than is contained in the said roll, the sheriff shall be forthwith punished as a disheritor of our lord the King and his crown. And if peradventure he return that he hath delivered the writ to a bailiff of some liberty that indeed hath return, the sheriff shall be commanded, that he shall not spare for the foresaid liberty, but shall execute the King's precept; and that he do the bailiffs to wit to whom he returned the writ, that they be ready at a day

E

66

13 Edwabd I. Stat. Westm. sec.

A.D. 1285.

The like for sheriff's false return of issues.

What shall be

accounted

issues.

contained in the writ, to answer why they did not execute the King's precept; and if they come at the day, and acquit themselves, that no return was made to them, the sheriff shall be forthwith condemned to the lord of the same liberty, and likewise to the party grieved by the delay, for to render damages. And if the bailiffs come not in at the day, or do come, and do not acquit themselves in manner aforesaid, in every judicial writ, so long as the plea hangeth, the sheriff shall be commanded that he shall not spare for the liberty, &c. Many times also sheriffs make false returns as touching [these articles,1] quod de exitibus, &c. returning sometime, and lying, that there be no issues, sometime that there are small issues, when they may return great, and sometime do make mention of no issues; wherefore it is ordained and agreed, that if the plaintiff demand hearing of the sheriffs return, it shall be granted him; and if he offer to aver that the sheriff might have returned greater issues [unto the King,] he shall have a writ judicial unto the justices assigned to take assises, that they shall inquire in presence of the sheriff if he will be there of what and how great issues the sheriff might have made return from the day of the writ [purchased *] unto the day contained in the writ. And when the inquest is returned, if he have not afore answered for the whole, he shall be charged with the overplus by the extreats [of the justices] delivered in the Exchequer, and nevertheless shall be grievously amerced for the concealment. And let the sheriff know that rents, com in the grange, and all moveables, except horse harness, (8) and houshold stuff, be contained within

1 this article 3 received 3 wearing apparel

in bri contentu ad respondent! quare de Pcepto Dni Regis execucoem non feoerut; et si ad diem venftnt & se acquietent qd retaram [bris x] eis non fuit fcum st&tim oondempnet? Vic dno illius lifetatis & similiS pti lese p diloem in restitucoem dampnog. Et si Bafli ad diem non venfint, vel veffint & supNico modo se non acquieta9int, in quolibet bri de judicio qftmdiu durat placitum, pcipiatur Vic qd non omittat pp? lifetatem, &c. Multodens eciam falsum dant responsum, quoad ilium articulu, Quod de exitibus, &c. man-dantes aliqando & mencientes, qd nulli sunt exitus, aliquando qd pvi sunt cum de majoribj respondere possunt, aliqn non facientes mencoem de ex-itib3; pp? quod ordinatum est & con-cordatum qd si querens petat auditum responsionis Vic concedat? ei; Et si offerat verificare qd Vic, de majoribj exitibj respondere potuit, fiat ei breve de judicio ad Justic ad assisas capi-endas assign, qd inquirant in psencia [- - 2] si in?esse volQit de quib3 & quantis exitib3 Vic respondere potuit, a die recepcois bfis, usq, ad diem in bri contentu, Et cum inquisicio retomata fQit, si de pleno pius non respondit oSet1 de supplusagio [- - *] ext^tas liftatas ad Severn, et n^min9 graviter afficiet1 p concelamento. Et sciat Vi6 qd redditus, blada in g^ngia, & omia mobilia pter equitaturam, indumenta & utensilia dom9 continent? sub

1 Interlined on the roll.

3 Jia J Reg. A s Rot. Bodl.

13 Edward I. Stat Westm. sec.

67

n5Ie exituu: [pcipit1] Dns Rex qd Vic p huj9modi falsis respons, semel & itum si sit necesse, p Justic castigent*. Et si Scio deliquerint alius non apponat manu q*m Dns Rex. Multociens eciam (*) dant responsum [ma - do3] qd non potuerunt gsequi pceptum Regis |>p? resistenciam potestatis alicuj9 magnatis, de quo caveant Vic dece?o, quia huj9modi responsio mul-tum redundat in dedecus Dni Regis; & q*mcito [bafli4] sui [test - - ur5] qd invenerunt huj9modi resistenciam, statim omib3 omissis, assumpto secu posse Com sui eat in ppia psona ad feciend execucoem; Et si inveniat subbaliios mendaces puniat eos p

p*sonam, ita qd [-----] p eog penam

castigent3*; Et si inveniat eos veraces, castiget resistentes p p^sonam, a qua non deUberenf? sine speciali pcepto Dni Regia Et si forte ViS cum veSit resistenciam inveBit, Stificet curiam

de noibj resistendu, auxilianciu, con-

sencienciu, pcipienciu & fautog, & p

breve de judido attach p corpa ad

veniendum ad curiam; Et si de huj9-

modi resistencia convincantr, (J) scdm

qd Dno Regi placQit. [N - - *] intro-

mittat se aliquis minister Dni Regis

de pena huj9modi infligenda, quia

Dns Rex hoc spaliter sibi reservat j>

eo qd huj9modi resistentes cencentr

pads sue & regni pturbatores.

De Marescallo Dni Regis de feodo, Cafflar, Custod Hostiog in Itinere Justic, & Svientibus virgam portan-

1 Et Peep*

fals

3 mandando

4 subballm 4 testificentr

alii

7 panianf Wee

Reg. A: Rot. Bodl.

the name of issues. And the King

hath commanded, that sheriffs shall

be punished by the justices once or

twice, if need be, for such false

returns; and if they offend the third

time, none shall have to do therewith

but the King. They make also many Resistance of i _ t* i i ii i execution of

times false answers, returning that process, they could not execute the King's precept for the resistance of some great man; [wherefore1] let the sheriffs beware from henceforth, for such manner of answers redound much to the dishonour of the King; and as soon as his [bailiffs *] do testify that they found such resistance, forthwith all things set apart, taking with him the power of the shire, he shall go in proper person to do execution; and if he find his underbailiffs false, he shall punish them by imprisonment, so that other by their example may be reformed; and if he do find them true, Punishment he shall punish the resisters by impri- the Peot sonment, from whence they shall not be delivered without the King's special commandment. And if percase the sheriff when he cometh do find resistance, he shall certifie to the court the names of the resisters, aiders, con-sen ters, commanders, and favourers, and by a writ judicial they shall be attached by their bodies to appear at the [King's] court; and if they be convict of such resistance, they shall be punished at the King's pleasure.

Neither shall any officer of the King's meddle in assigning the punishment, for our lord the King hath reserved it specially to himself, because that [resisters have been *] reputed disturbers of his peace, and of his realm.

Concerning the King's marshals of XLn.

- , 7 . _T . , 1 Fees of the

fee, chamberlains, porters in the or- King'smarshai:

cuit of justices and serjeants bearing

1 whereof

2 underbailiffa 3 tuck registers are

£ 2

From earls and barons.

From abbots and priors.

Archbishops and bishops.

Religions men.

68 13 Edward I.

vierge before justices at Westminster, which have the same office in fee, and that ask more by reason of their fee than they have used to ask, whereupon many do complain on them, that have known and seen the order of the court of long time; our lord the King hath caused to be enquired by an inquest what the said officers of fee have used to have in times passed, and hath ordained and commanded, that a marshall of fee, which of new asketh a palfray of earls, barons, and other holding by a part of a barony, (*) when they have done homage, and nevertheless another paliray when they are made knights, and of some [that ought not to give any, ask2] a palfray: [It is in like manner ordained, that the said marshal,8] of every earl and baron, holding by an entire barony, shall be contented with one palfray, or with the price of it, such as he hath used to have of old; so that if he took a palfray, or the price of one, at the doing of his homage in form aforesaid, he shall take nothing when he is made knight; and if he took nothing at the doing of his homage, when he is made knight he shall take. Of abbots and priors holding an whole barony, when they do homage or fealty for their baronies, he shall take one palfray, or the price, as afore is said; and this shall also be observed [amongst4] archbishops and bishops. Of such as hold but a part of a barony, whether they be religious or secular, he shall take according to the portion of the part of the barony that they hold. Of religious men that hold in free alms and not by a

1 a palfray

3 of whom he ought not to have a palfray, of new asketh,

3 These words are superfluous.

4 concerning

Stat. Westm. sec. A.D. 11285.

tib3, coram Justic apud Westm, qui officium illud hent de feodo & qui plus exigut radone feodi sui qam exi^e consue9ut scdm qd multi que-runtr, p eos qui statum Curie a multo tempo viderunt & sciunt; Dos Rex inquiri fecit quern statum pdci ministri de feodo hre consue9unt tempibj ret°actis, & p inquisicoem statuit & pcepit, qd Marescallus de feodo qui de novo exigit palefridum, de Comitibus, Baronibus & aliis, p ptem Baronie tenentibus, [palefridum*] quando ho-magiu fecerut, & nichominus ad mili-ciam eo\ aliu palefridum, & de quibj-dam de quibj palefridum hre non [debent2] palefridum de novo [exi-gunt,8] ordinavit qd pdcus Marescallus de quolibet Comite & Barone, integ*m Baroniam tenente, de unico palefrido sit content9 vel de pcio, quale anti-quitus pcipe [consueverut4]Ita qd si ad homagiu quod fecit palefridum vel pcium cepit in forma pdca, ad miliciam suam nichil capiat; Et si forte ad homagium nich cepit ad miliciam capiat. fDe Abbatibj & Prioribus, integ^m Baroniam tenentibs, cum homagiu aut fidelitatem feSint j> Baroniis suis capiat palefridum vel Pcium, ut pdcum est; hoc idem de Archiepis & Epis est observandu. De hiis autem qui ptem Baronie tenent, sive sint Religiosi sive seculares, capiant scdm porcoem ptis Baronie quam tenent. De Religiosis tenen-tibj in liberam elemosinam, & non p

1 Printed copies omit. In Lib. Horn, the word is inserted, bat struck through with a pen.

2 debufc Reg. A. — debuit Lib. Horn.

3 exigit Reg. A: Lib. Horn.

4 cosnev1 Reg. A. — consuevit, Lib. Horn.

A.D. 1285.

13 Edwabd I. Slot. Westm. sec.

69

Baroniam vel ptem Baronie, niohil dece?o exigat Marescallus: & concessit Dns Rex qd p hoc statutu non pcludat? Marescallus snus de feodo in pins petendo, si imposteru ostendere potit qd jus heat plus petendi. CajSarii Dni Regis heant dece?o de Archiepis, Epis, Aftfeib3, Priorib3, & aliis psonis ecciasticis, Comitft^, Baron^, integ*m Baroniam tenentib3, racionabilem finem cum homagiu aut fidelitate p Baroniis suis feSint; Et si p ptem Baronie teneant, [capiat1] racionabilem finem, scdm porcom ipos contingent*?. Alii vero Abbates & Priores & alii Religiosi & seculares, non tenentes p baroniam, vel ptem baronie, non distringantr ad finem fadend scdm qd de tenentib3 p baroniam, vel ptem baronie [sicut dcm est,3 *] set sit ca&arius de supiori in-dumento contend, vel de pcio indu-menti, quod plus dcm est g Religiosis qam secularib3, quia honestius est qd religiosi finem faciant p supiori indu-inento q*m exuant*.

* Quia de hiis que recordata sunt coram Cancellar Dni Reg & ejus Justic, qui recordum hent & in rotulis eog irrotulata, non debet fieri gcessus placiti p sum, attach, esson, visus Sre, & alias solempnitates Cur, sicut fieri oonsuevit de contBctib3 & convencoib3 fHs ext cuf; obSvand est deceYo qd ea que inveniunt* irrotulata coram hiis qui recordum hent, vel in finib3 contents, sive sint cont^ctus sive con-vencones sive obligaciones sive Svic ant [conS recogfi8] vel alia quecuq,

1 capiant, Rot. Bodl: Lib. Horn, r Interlined on the roll.

3/ dSm est Reg. A: Rot. Bodl. — ut L pddm est Lib. Horn.

3 98netudineB, recognita Reg4 A. — cons

recognita Lib. Horn: Lib. Rub. Scacc.

Dubl. — consuet cognit Rot. Bodl.

barony, nor part of a barony, the marshal from henceforth shall demand nothing: And our lord the King hath granted, that by this statute [a1] marshal of fee shall not be barred hereafter to demand more, if he can shew that he hath right unto more.

The King's chamberlains from hence- Fees of the forth shall have of archbishops, bishops, abbots, priors, and other persons spiritual, of earls and barons holding an entire barony, a reasonable fine when they do their homage or fealty (1 2); and if they hold by a part of a barony, they shall take a reasonable fine according to the portion to them belonging. Other abbots, priors, and other persons spiritual and temporal, that hold no entire barony, nor part of a barony, shall not be distrained to make, fine, as it is said by them that hold by a barony, or part of a barony, but the chamber-lain shall be contented with [his8] upper garment, or with the price thereof; which is done in favour of persons religious more than of lay persons; for it is more convenient that religious men should fine for their upper garment, than to be stripped.

Because that of such things as be XLV. recorded before the chancellor and the justices of the King that have record, and be inrolled in their rolls, process of plea ought not to be made by summons, attachments, essoin, view of land, and other solemnities of the court, as hath been used to be done of bargains and covenants made out of the court; from henceforth it is to On matters of be observed, that those things which are found inrolled before them that year* have record, or contained in fines, whether they be contracts, covenants, obligations, services, or customs know-ledged, qr other things whatsoever

1 his. 5 for their baronies * the

70

13 Edwabd I. Stat. Westm. sec.

A.D. 1285.

Scire facias after the year.

Execution thereon by the sheriff;

or ordinary.

XLVL Stat Merton 20 H. 3. c. 4.

inrolled, wherein the King's court, without offence of the law and custom, may execute their authority, from henceforth they shall have such vigour, that hereafter it shall not need to plead [forx] them; but when the plaintiff cometh to the King's court, if the recognisance or fine levied be fresh, that is to say, levied within the year, he shall forthwith have a writ of execution of the same recognisance made. And if the recognisance were made, or the fine levied of a further time passed, the sheriff shall be commanded, that he give knowledge to the party of whom it is complained, that he be [afore the justices] at a certain day, to shew if he have any thing to say why such matters inrolled or contained in the fine ought not to have execution. And if he do not come at the day, or peradventure do come, and can say nothing why execution ought not to be done, the sheriff shall be commanded to cause the thing inrolled or contained in the fine to be executed. In like manner, an ordinary shall be commanded in his case, observing nevertheless as before is said of a mean, which by recognisance or judgement is bound to acquit.

Whereas in a Statute made at Merton, it was granted that lords of wastes, woods, and pastures, might approve the said wastes, woods, and pastures, notwithstanding the contradiction of their tenants, so that the tenants had sufficient pasture to their tenements with free [egress and regress to1 2 3] the same: And forasmuch as no mention was made between [neighbours and neighbours,8] many

1 concerning

2 ingress and egress into*'] Stat.

and from Ed.VI.

3 neighbour and neighbour J chapter 3.

irrotulata, quibj Cur Regis, sine juris & eonsuetudinis offensa, auctoritatem potest prestare, talem dece?o heant vigorem qd non sit necesse de hiis imposterum placitare; set cu vefiint conquerentes ad Cur dni Regis si recens sit cognicio vel finis [vidett infra annu in bri levatus1] statim heant breve de execucione illius recogn fee. Et si forte a majori tempo tPnsacto fca f3it ilia recognicio vel finis levat9 pcipiat* Vic qd scire fac pti de qua fit querimonia qd sit ad certum diem ostens si quid sciat dice re quare hujusmodi irrotulata vel in fine contenta execucoem hre non debeant. Et si ad diem [n5 *] ve3it, vel forte vefiit & nich sciat dicere quare exe-cucio fieri non debeat, pcipiat1, Vic qd rem irrotulatam vel in fine contentam exequi fac. Eodem modo mandetr ordinar in suo casu obDvato nicbomin9 quod supadem est de medio qui p recogn aut judm obligatos est ad acquietandum.

Cum in Statuto edito apud >ilton concessum fQit qd Dni boscoj, vasto£, pastuf appruare se possent de boscis, vastis & pastuf illis, non obstante contradiccoe tenenciu suog, dumodo tenentes ipi herent sufficients pas-turam ad ten sua cu lifco ingressu & egru ad eandem, & p eo qd nulla fiebat mencio in? vicinu & vicinu, multi dni

1 levat viz. infra annum printed copies.

2 Interlined on the roll.

13 Edward I. Stat. Westm. sec.

71

bosco£, vastoj & pasturag, hucusq, impediti exti?unt p cont^diccoem vici-noj sufficientem pasturam ftencium; Et quia forinseci tenentes non bent mjyus jus coicandi in bosco, vasto aut pastura, alicujus dni pprii tenentes ipius dni; Btatutum est dece?o, qd Statntum apud lilton gvisum in? dBm & tenentes suos locum beat dece?o in? dnos boscog vasto^ & pasturag & vici-nos; Ita qd dni hupmodi vastog boscog & pasturag, salva sufficiente pastura hominib3 suis & vicinis, appruare se possint de residuo. Et hoc obsivet* de hiis qui clam pasturam tanqam ptinente ad ten sua. Set si q*s clam comunam p spale feoffamentu, vel concessionem ad certum nuflum afaojs vel alio modo qam de jure coi here deberet, cum convencio legi deroget, beat 8uu recupare quale here deberet p formam concessionis fee: occoe molendini vent*cii, Bercar, vaccaf, augmentacois cur necessar aut Cur-tillag dece?o non gravetur quis p asS»m nove disseTe de comuna pasture.

Et cam contingat aliqn qd aliquis jus bens appruare se, fossatu aut sepem le-vaftt, & aliqui noctan? vel alio tali tempo qno non credat fCum snu sciri, fossatum vel sepem prostra9int, nec sciri po?it p veredem assle aut Jurats qui fossatum aut sepem prostra9int, nec velint homines de

lords of wastes, woods, and pastures, have been hindered heretofore by the contradiction of neighbours having sufficient pasture: And because foreign tenants have no more right to common in the wastes, woods, or pastures of any lord than the lord's own tenants; it is ordained, that the Statute of Merton, provided between the lord and his tenants, from henceforth shall hold place between lords of wastes, woods, and pastures, and their neighbours; saving sufficient pasture to their tenants and neighbours, so that the lords of such wastes, woods, and pastures, may make approvement of the residue. And this shall be observed for such as claim pasture as appurtenant to their tenements. But if any do claim common (*) by special feoffment or grant for a certain number of beasts, or otherwise [which 2] he ought to have of common right, [whereas covenant barreth the law,8] he shall have such recovery as he ought to have had by form of the grant made unto him; By occasion of a windmill, sheepcote, deyry, inlarging of a court necessary, or courtelage, from henceforth no man shall be grieved by assise of novel disseisin for common of pasture. And where sometime it chanceth, that one having right to approve, [doth then levy4] a dyke or an hedge, and some by night, or [at another season, when they suppose not to be espied,5] do overthrow the hedge or dyke, and it eannot be known by verdict of the assise or jury, who did overthrow the hedge or dyke, and men of

1 of pasture

2 than

3 where covenant doth

abrogate the law

4 hath made or levied

5 such other time when

they believe their deed should not be known,

Stat. >Z$±Ed.VI. chapter 3.

Lords may approve common against their neighbours, leaving them sufficient

Destruction of a ditch or hedge made by an approver.

72

13 Edward I. Stat. Weetm. see.

A.D. 1285.

Aborning towns answerable.

Usurpation of common during the estate of particular tenants.

XLIX. Purchasing title of lands in suit.

[the towns near *] will not indict such as be guilty of the fact, [the towns near adjoyn-ing8] shall be distrained to levy (*) the hedge or dyke at their own cost, and to yield damages. {Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. l.J And where one, having no right to common, usurpeth common what time an heir is within age, or a woman is covert, or whilst the pasture is in the hands of tenants in dower, by the courtesy, or otherwise for term of life or years, or in feetail, and have long time used the pasture, many hold opinion, that such pastures ought to be said to belong to [the 4] freehold, and that the possessor ought to have action by a writ of novel disseisin, if he be deforced of such pasture; but from henceforth this must be holden, that such as have entred within the time that an assise of mortdauncestor [hath lien,5] if they had no common before, shall have no recovery by a writ of novel disseisin, if they be deforced.

* The chancellor, treasurer, justices, nor any of the King's council, no

1 the next towns ^ Stat.

2 the next townships ad- (3^4yj

joining about the same j chapter 3.

3 or make up J

4 his 6 doth lye

villatis vicinis indictare de hujusmodi fSo culpabiles, distringantr ppinque villate cir-cumadjacentes levare foss&tum aut sepezn ad custum ppium & dampna restituere. I Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. 1. J

Et cum aliquis jus non hens coi-

candi usurpent comunam, tempe quo

heredes exti?int infra etatem, vel ux

sub potestate viroj suo£ existentes,

vel pastura sit in manu tenenciu in

dotem, p legem Angt, vel aliter ad

?minu vite vel annog, vel p feodum

talliatu, & pastura ilia diu usi fSint,

multi sunt in opinione qd hupmodi

pasture debent dici ptifie ad lihum

ten, & qd huj9modi possessori compete

debet accio p breve nove disseie, si

hupmodi pastura deforcietr; set de-

ce?o tenend est qd faentes hupmodi

ingfum a tempe quo currit bile mortis

antecessoris si antea comunam non

huerunt, non heant recupare p breve

nove disseie si fiierint deforciati.



[*Chaunceler, Tresorer ne Justice,

ne nul de Consayl le Roy, ne Clerk de

This clause in French is not on the Tower Roll: It is printed from Reg. A.fo.271; where, as in Rot. Bodl. and other manuscripts, it stands as the last clause of the statute, after the sentence beginning ' Omnia fJdca Statuta:* In all printed copies it is inserted preceding that sentence. Lid. Rub. Scac. Dublin; MS. Cott. Claudius D. //., (the latter marked ' Exr p RoL') and many other manuscripts, as well of an early as of a late date, omit the clause. In Lib. Horn. London, it is entered as the concluding clause of the statute; but in the margin on one side is written * Yacal9 and on the other Bide u Exap tin. Ola f)dSa statuta [&c. the whole concluding clause as above .] sic explicit: examinat9 p stat Gildaule London in cera." In MS. Harl. 5022, which gives chapter 34 of this statute in French, this clause is inserted as above before the sentence ' Omnia f)dCa Statutaand at the end of the statute is written ' Et irrotulatr in R° statu tog.' In Lib. Custum. London, and MS. CotL XVI. where chapter 34 is in Latin, this clause is omitted. In MS. Harl. 79, where chapter 34 is in Latin, this clause is inserted in French. In the French copies of this statute in MS. Harl. 5326; MS. Reg. 20 A. VIII. this clause is inserted: In the Latin copy of the statute in the same MS. Reg. this clause is omitted. See the note in page {59] to chapter 34 of this statute: Sec also 2 Inst. 217, 485: Mirror, c. 5. § 5: Fleta I. 2. c. 36.

13 Edwabd I. Slat. Westm. sec.

73

la Chauncelerye, del Escheker, ne de Justice, ne autre Ministre, ne nul del hostel le Boy Clerk ou lay, ne puisse receivre Eglise ne Avoeson de Eglise, ne tere ne tenement, [ne fee, ne par dounx] ne par achat ne a ferme, ne a chaumpart, ne en autre manere; taunt come la chose est en plee devaunt no9 ou devant nul de noz Ministres, (2) Ne nul loer [ne *] seyt pris. E ki (4) ceste chose face, ou par lui, ou par autry, ou nul [baret y face5] seyt puni a la volente le Boi ausi bien celui q le purchacera, com celui q le fera.]

Omnia pdca statuta incipiant con-servari ad festum sci Michis gxim futuru, ita qd occone delicto^ contra aliquod pdSog statuto£ cit* pdcm festum ppet»to£ pena delinquent^, de quib3 mencio fit in statutis non infligatur. Sup vero statutis in de-fcum legis & ad remedia editis, ne diucius querentes cum ad Curiam veSint recedant de remedio despati, fceant bria sua in suo casu pvisa, set non placitent? usq ad pdcm festum sci Michis. (8)

1 Rot. Bodl; MS. Harl. 5022, omit ne fee. — nen fee, ne par doun, MS. Cott. Vesp. B. VII. — en fee par donn, printed copies.

ou Justic, MS. Harl. 5022.

3 nen i

centre / M& Cott' VeSp'

6 baret il face, old printed copies. — bargain ent face, 2 Inst, bargain i face MS. Cott. Vesp: MSS. Harl. 395, 5022. — bargayn face Rot. Bodl.

6 Dat apud Westm xxviii. die Junii Anno regni ejusdem Regis Tertio-decimo. Reg. A. after the clause in French.

clerk of the Chancery, nor of the Exchequer, nor of any justice or other officer, nor any of the King's house, clerk ne lay, shall not receive any church, nor advowson of a church, land, nor tenement in fee, by gift, nor by purchase, nor to farm, nor by champerty, nor otherwise, so long as the thing is in plea before us, or before any of our officers; nor shall take no reward thereof. And he that doth [contrary to this act,1] either himself, or by another, or make any [bargain,2] shall be punished at the King's pleasure, as well he that purchaseth, as he that doth sell.

All the said statutes shall take effect at the feast of St. Michael next coming, so that by occasion of any offence done on this side the said feast, contrary to any of these statutes, no punishment, mention whereof is made within these statutes, shall be executed upon the offenders. Moreover, concerning the statutes provided where the law faileth, and for remedies, lest suitors coming to the Kings court should depart from thence without remedy, they shall have writs provided in their cases, but they shall not be pleaded until the feast of St. Michael aforesaid.

1 any such thing 3 fraud therein,

L.

Commencement of the foregoing statutes.

74

13 Edward I.

A.D. 1285.

&tat' TOgtttoit.

The STATUTE of WINCHESTER.

Ex magno Rot Stat. in Twrr. Lond. m. 41.

VI. And the King com-

Fairs and * mandeth and forbiddeth, that from markets shall henceforth neither fairs nor markets church^d^ be kept in church-yards for the honour of the church.

.............E comaunde le Rey e

defend, qe feire ne marche desoremes ne soient tenuz en cime? pur honur de Seinte Eglise.

&tatut5 Ctrnumfcerte

The STATUTE of CIRCUMSPECTE AGATIS.

The King's prohibition doth not lie, in matters spiritual.

rpHE King to his judges sendeth greeting. Use yourselves circumspectly in all matters concerning the Bishop of Norwich and his clergy, not punishing them if they hold plea, in court Christian, of such things as be meer spiritual, that is to wit, of penance enjoined by prelates for £eadly sin, as fornication, adultery, and such like, for the which sometimes corporal penance, and sometime pecuniary is enjoyned, specially if a freeman be convict of such

Ex MS. Cott. Claud. D. II fo. 249,6*

O /CIRCUMSPECTE agatis de ^ [negocio tangente *] Dnm Epm Norwicen & (*) Clerum, non puni-endo eos si plita tenQint (4) de hiis que mere sunt spualia, videlt de cor-reccoibj q8 Prelati faciunt g mortal i pcco videlt fomicacoe adulSio & huj9 g quib3 aliqando infligit* pena corpo-ralis aliqando pecuniaria, maxime si convictus sit de fcj9 life homo.

1 Rex talibus Judicibus, Salutem.

2 negotiis tangentibus 3 ejus

4 in Curia Christianitatis

This copy is marked ' Exr p rot 17 In the old printed copies the Statute Circumspecte Agatis ends with the words ' non obstante ' in line |24 of the following page] of the text as here printed; after which immediately follows a separate instrument, intituled, ' Articuli contra prohibic Reg,' beginning ' Sub hac forma impetrant laid prohibitionem.' These appear united in the text as one instrument. Rot. Bodl .; MS. Harl. 395, and other manuscripts, agree with the printed copies in giving the former part as a separate statute; MS. Harl. 667, and other manuscripts, agree with the text in uniting the two instruments; these, and other manuscripts also agree, in substance, with the various readings in the notes, which are given from the old printed copies.

13 Edward I. Circ. Agatie.

75

Item si Prelatus (1) g Cimi?io non clauso, ecclia discoopta vel non decen? omata, in quibj caibj alia pena non potest infligi qam pecuniaria [penam imponat.1]

Item si Rector petat [deciraam ma-jorem vel minorem dumodo non petatr quarta pars alicujus *] ecctie.

Item si Rector petat mortuarium in ptib3 ubi mortuar dari consue9it.

Item si Prelat9 alicujus ecclie (*) petat pensione a Rectore sibi debitam, omes hup [pensiones4] faciende sunt in foro eccliastico.

De violenta manuu injecc6e in cticum, & in causa cliffanmcois, eoncessu fuit alias qd ptita inde teneantr in Cur Xpianitatis, dumodo non petatr pecunia, sed agatf ad correccbera pcdi. (5) {Rep. as to laying violent bands on a clerk, and to cause of defamation, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

In oniib3 istis caib3 bet Judex eoctiasticus cognosSe Regia prohibi-cione non obstante licet porrigatr. [Ob quod6 7] impetrant laid ghibicoem in ge8e sup decima, oblacoib3, Q) mortuar, redempcoib3 penitenciaj, violenta manuum injeccoe in clicum & con9sum & in causa diffamaeois in quibs caib3 agitr ad penam canonicam capiend.

Respondit Dns Rex ad istos arti-culos qd in decimis, obvenSiib3, obla-

1 puniat after Prelatus instead of penam imponat at the end of the sentence,

2 versus paroebianos, oblationes, et decimal debitas et consuetas, vel si rector agat contra rectorem de decimis majoribus vel minoribus, dummodo non petatur quarta pars valoris

3 vel advocatus

4 petitiones

6 et similiter pro fidei lesione

6 Sub hac forma

7 obventonibus,

Also if prelates do punish for leaving Churches, and the church-yard unclosed, or for that ^cb-yards. the church is uncovered, or not conveniently decked, in which cases none other penance can be enjoined but pecuniary.

Item, if a parson demand of his Tithes and parishioners oblations or tithes due offering8, and accustomed; or if any parson do sue against another pai-son for tithes greater or smaller, so that the fourth part of the value of the benefice be not demanded.

Item, if a pal's on demand mor- Mortuaries, tuaries, in places where a mortuary hath been used to be given.

Item, if a prelate of a church or. Pensions.

[of a patron,1] demand of a parson a pension due to him, all such demands are to be made in a spiritual court.

And for laying violent bands on a clerk, Violence and in cause of defamation, it hath been 40 a clerk* granted already, that it shall be tried in a Defamation, spiritual court, when money is not demanded, but [a thing done 1 2 3] for punishment of sin, and likewise for breaking Breach of an oath. {Rep. as to laying violent bands 811 oa4lh on a clerk, and to cause of defamation,

Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

In all cases afore rehearsed, the spiritual judge shall have power to take knowledge, notwithstanding the King's prohibition (*).

[Under what form shall lay-men 4] purchase prohibitions generally upon tithes, oblations, obventions, redeeming of penances, mortuaries, violent hands laying on a clerk or lay-brother, and in cases of defamation, in which cases spiritual penance must be enjoined ? The King answered to these articles; That in Tithes, and tithes, oblations, obventions, and mor- offenng8-

1 the patron 3 the suit is prosecuted

1 although it be shewed* What follows in the text is given in old printed translations as a separate instrument of uncertain date, intituled,

Articles against the King's Prohibitions.' In TotteU's Magna Carta, printed in 1556, this is said to be 1 parcel of the Statute de Articulis Cleri,

9 Ed. U: See that statute, chapters 1, 2, 3, and 4.

4 For what, laymen may

7G

13 Edward I. Give. Agatis.

A.D. 1285.

Prohibition titer tithes sold.

Right of tithes; and patronage.

Pecuniary

penance.

Amends for violence to a clerk.

Defamation.

tuaries when [they be pleaded1] as before is said, the Kings prohibition doth not lie. And if a clerk or a person religious do sell his [com 2] being in his barn, or otherwhere to any man for money, if the price thereof be demanded before a spiritual judge, the King's prohibition doth lie; for by the sale the spiritual are become temporal, and so [tithes pass into 8] chatties.

And if debate hang in a spiritual court for the right of tithes, having his original from the right of the patronage, and the quantity of the same tithes do pass the fourth part of the value of the benefice, a prohibition shall lie.

Also if a prelate enjoin penance pecuniary to any man for his sin, if the money be demanded before prelates, a prohibition shall lie.

And if any lay violent hands on a clerk or lay-brother for the (4) peace broken, amends shall be made before the King, and for the excommunication before a bishop or prelate; and if a corporal penance be enjoined, which (6) the offender will (fl) redeem by giving money to the prelate, or to the party grieved, a prohibition shall not lie.

In causes of defamation, prelates may freely correct the King's prohibition notwithstanding; first enjoining a corporal penance, which, if the party will redeem, the prelate may lawfully receive the money, though the prohibition be shewed.

|The last two pars, rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

1 the suit is prosecuted

7 tithes 3 the tithes become

4 King's * if

he may

cionib3, mortuar, qando agitJ ut pdem est prohibicoi non est locus. Et si Cficus vel Religiosus decimas suas in orrio congregatas, vel alibi exisfcentes vendiderit p pecunia alicui [& imptitetr in Cur Xpianitatis,1] locum het Regia pkibicio, quia p vendicoes res spuales sunt temporales & sic transeunt decime in catallis.

Item si contencio sit (2) de jure decimag, origine hens de jure patro-natus, & eag decimag qantitas excedat quartam partem ecctie, locu het Regia prohibicio.

Item si Prelatus imponat pena pecu-niariam alicui g pcco & petat illam pecuniam, locu het Regia ghibicio, si coram Prelatis pecunia exigat*

Item si quis manus violentes injeSit in cticum, (8) p (4) pace Dni Regis debent einende fieri coram Rege; p excbicacione vero coram (5) Epo, & si imponatr pcua corporalis, quam si reus velit rediSe dando Plato vel leso pecuniam potest, nec in ttib3 locus est phibiebi.

In diffamacionib3 [libog6] corrigan t Prelati regia prohibicione non obstante, [licet porrigat1'.7]

JThe last two pars, rep., Stat. Law Rev, Act, 1863. J

1 si precium illud petatur coram judice ecclesiastico,

2 in Curia Christianitatis

3 vel conversum

4 violata

6 prelato vel

6 libere

7 prius injungendo penam corporaleni, quam si reus redimere velit libere recipiat prelatus pecuniam, licet prohibitio pon-i-gatur.

18 EDWARD I. A.D. 1289-90.

r

A.D. 1289-90.

77

&tatutu ii'tri ft. He t'ris brntmitJ' 1 nnmtJ'.*

A STATUTE of our Lord The Kino, concerning the Selling and Buying of Laud.

Ex Rot. de Placit ad Part.

18 Edw. /. m. 9 /"\UIA Emptores ?raj & ten de ^ feodis magnatu & aliojp in pre-judicium [eo£del] tempibj retroactis multociens in feodis suis sunt ingress!, quibj libe tenentes eojdem magnatu k alio£ Yras k ten sua vendiderut, tenenda in feodo sibi k liedibj suis de feoffatoribj suis & no de Cap diiis feodo^, p quod iidem Cap dni eschaetas, maritag k custodian terrag k ten de feodis suis existenciu sepius amiserut, quod quidem eisdem magnate k aliis duis qam ptrimum duru & difficile videbatur, & simitr in hoc casu exhe-daco manifesta: Dfis Rex in pliamento suo apud Westm post Pasch anno regni sui Declo octavo, videlt in quindena sci Joftis Bapt, ad instancia magnatu regni sui, concessit, pvidit, k statuit, qd de ceYo liceat unicuiq^ lifeo hoi terra sua seu ten sive pte inde p volutate sua vendere; Ita tamen qd feoffatus teneat terra ilia seu ten de

1 ipog Rot. Claus.

XpORASMUCH as purchasers of L

lands and tenements of the fees

of great men and [other lords,1] have

many times heretofore entered into

their fees, to the prejudice of the

lords, [to whom2] the freeholders of

such great men (*) have sold their

lands and tenements to be holden in

fee (*) of their feoffors, and not of the

chief lords of the fees, whereby the

SAme chief lords have many times

lost their escheats, marriages, and

wardships of lands and tenements

belonging to their fees; which thing

seemed very hard and extream unto

those [lords and other great men,5]

and moreover in this case manifest

disheritance: Our lord the King, in Freeholder*

his Parliament at Westminster after SnJ«. er

Easter, the eighteenth year of his 50 £*

. . 6 . .; . . feoffee do hold

reign, that is to wit, in the quinzime of the chief

of Saint John Baptist, at the instance lopd'

of the great men of the realm, granted,

provided, and ordained, that from

henceforth it shall be lawful to every

freeman to sell at his own pleasure

his lands and tenements, or part of

them; so that the feoffee shall hold

the same lands or tenements of the

1 others 1 to which purchasers

a and others 4 to them and their heirs

great men and other lords

This title is in the margin of the roll, and of the Fetus Codex at the Tower, fo. 20: On the Cloee Roll 18 Edw. I. m. 6. c/, this statute is entered with the following title in the margin, 4 Statu t qd null9 emat Was de aliis tencnd q* de capitalil>3 dnis, &c.' In the printed copies and translations it is intituled, 1 Statu turn Westm. iij. The Statute of Westminster the Third, viz. of Quia Emptores Terrarum/

A.D. 1289-90.

18 Edwabd I. Quia Emptores.

II.

Sale of part.

Apportionment of services.

in.

Mortmain

prohibited.

[chief lord of the same fee, by such service1] and customs as his feoffor held before.

And if he sell any part of such lands or tenements to any, the feoffee shall immediately hold it of the chief lord, and shall be forthwith charged with the services, for so much as pertaineth, or ought to pertain to the said chief lord for the same parcel, according to the quantity of the land or tenement [so] sold: And so in this case the same part of the service [shall remain to the lord, to be taken by the hands of the feoffee, for the which he ought *] to be attendant and answerable to the same chief lord, according to the quantity of the land or tenement sold, for the parcel of the service so due.

And it is to be understood, that by the said sales or purchases of lands or tenements, or any parcels of them, such lands or tenements shall in no wise come into mortmain, either in part or in whole, neither by policy ne craft, contrary to the form of the statute made thereupon of late. And it is to wit, that this statute extendeth but only to lands [holden ] in fee simple; and that it extendeth to the time coming; and it shall begin to take effect at the feast of Saint Andrew the Apostle next coming. [Given the eighteenth year of the reign of King Edward, son to King Henry.]

1 same chief lord, and by the same services 3 shall cease to be taken by the chief lord by the Hands of the feoffor, from the time that the feoffee ought

8 sold to be holden

eodem Cap dno & p ead ?vicia & cSsuetudines, p que feoffator suus ilia prius tenuit. Et si ptem aliq* eafdem ?ra£ seu ten suo£ aiicui vendiderit, feoffatus ilia teneat immediate de Cap dno & oSetur statim de ?vico qntum ptinet sive ptifle debet eidem dno p pticula ilia, scdm qantitatem terre seu ten venditi; Et sic in hoc casu, decidat Cap dho ipa ps Svicii [capienda p manu feoffatoris,1] ex quo feoffatus debet eidem Cap dno jux* qantitatem terre seu ten venditi de pticula ilia Svicii sic debiti esse intendens & respondea Et scid qd p pdcas vendicoes sive empc&es terrag seu ten, seu ptis alicuj9 eogdem, nullo modo possut terre seu ten ilia, in pte vel in toto, ad manu mortua deveire, arte vel ingenio cont form statuti sup hoc dudu editL &c. Et scid qd istud statutu locu tenet de terns venditis tenendis in feodo simptr tantu, [&c; Et qd se2] extendit ad tempus fiituru; Et incipiet locu tefie ad Festu sci Andree gximo futur. fee.

per manue feoffati capiend' old printed copies:

Veins Codex, & Rot. Claus, agree with the text.

9 & se Rot. Claus.

18 Edward I.

79

Statutum de Quo Warranto.1

QnaJi? bfia de quoWaFo debent $miari & de ce?o ptarL

Ex Rot. de Pladt. ad Pari 18 Edw. I. m. 7. d

QUIA bria de quo Waranto & 5 judicia sup plitis eo£dem ftrium reddenda diutinam ceput ditonem, eo qd Justic in judiciis illis reddend de voluntate dni Reg nd fuerut hucusq* certiorati; Idem dns Rex ad pliamentu suu post Pasch apud Westm anno regni sui decimo octavo de gfa sua spali, & 8c gp? affectionem, quam bet erga platos. Com, Barones & cetos de regno suo, concessit qd omes de regno suo quicunq> fuerint, tom viri religiosi q1 alii, qui p bonam

inquisicoem prie aut alio modo [sufficient! *] verificare potint, qd ipi & eo£ antecessores, vel predecessores usi fuerut libtatibj quibuscunq*, de quib3 per feria predca fuerut imptitati, ante tempus Reg Ricardi consangui-nei sui aut toto tempe suo, & hucusqj [sine interrupcone 4] cdtinuarut, [Et °] Ita qd libtatib3 illis no sint abusi, qd ptes adjoment? ulterius [coram eisdem Justic *] uscertu die & racionabilem, infra quem dnm Regem adire possint cum recordo Justic [sub *] sigillo suo [signato,8] & redire; & dns Rex statum eo£ affirmabit per litteras suaa. Et illi qui no poterint seimnam anteoessog seu pdecenog suog verificare, eodem modo, quo predcm est, dedncautr & judicentr sodm legem cdmunem; Et OH, qui fcent cartas

1 Thb tide iifroitk old printed copies.

VetmM Code*y/e.\t,b.

* *' Istsfiaed cm Oct nils Vetme Cedes inserts then afl.

*Stmek tfawgh vilh a file: Vdtee Cedes

The Statute of Quo Warranto.

T^ORASMUCH as writs of quo warranto, and also judgements given upon pleas of the same, were greatly delayed, because the justices in giving judgement [were not1] certified of the King's pleasure therein; our lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Westminster, after the feast of Easter, the eighteenth year of his reign, of his special grace, and for the affection that he beareth unto his prelates, earls, and barons, and other of his realm, hath granted, that all under his allegiance, whatsoever they be, as well spiritual as other, which can verify by good enquest of the country, or otherwise, that they and their ancestors or predecessors have used any manner of liberties, whereof they were impleaded by the said writs, before the time of King Richard our cousin, or in all bis time, and have continued hitherto (*) so that they have not misused such liberties, that the parties shall be adjourned further unto a certain day reasonable before the same justices, within the which they may go to our lord the King with the record of the justices, signed with their seal, and also return; and our lord the King, by his letters [patents] shall confirm their estate. And they that cannot prove the seisin of their ancestors or predecessors in such manner as is before declared, shall be ordered and judged after the law and custom of the realm; and such as have the

1 base met hitherto bees

How writ* of quo warranto ought to be determined and pleaded in future.

Liberties by prescription.

liberties by cb«ter,*c.

80

18 Edwabd I. Slat. Quo War.

A.D. 1289-90.

Pleas of quo warranto shall be determined in the circuit.

Liberties by prescription or the King's grant

King's charter shall be judged according to their charters (1), Moreover, the King of his special grace hath granted, that all judgements that [are to be *] given in pleas of quo warranto, by his justices at Westminster, after theforesaid Easter, for our lord the King himself, if the parties grieved will come again before the King, he of his grace shall give them such remedy as before is mentioned. Also our said lord the King hath granted, for sparing of the costs and expences of the people of his realm, that pleas of quo warranto from henceforth shall be pleaded and determined in the circuit of the justices; and that all pleas (8) now depending (4) shall be adjourned into their own shires, until the coming of the justices into those parts: (B)

1 and the full effect of the same

8 have been 8 of quo warranto

4 before him

1 and that in the meanwhile after adjournment so made they shall remain without day.

regales, scdm cartas illas [& earumd plenitudiem*] judicent* Pre?ea dnus Rex de gra sua speciali concessit qd omia judicia, que reddita sunt in pfitis de quo quaranto, p Justic suoe apud Westm post Pasch predcm, & p ipo dno Rege, si ptes, que amiserut, ad ipm dnum Rege revenire voluerint, tale hebunt remed de gra dni Reg sicut supius est concessum. Concessit E ide dns Rex, ad pcand minis & expens populi de regno suo, qd plita de quo War de ce?o piitentr & Eminent7 in Itineribj Justic; & qd ptita adhuc [coram ipo2] pendentia [de quo Waranto8] [readjomentr 4] [in 8ingut Com suis5] usq> adventu Justi6 in partibj illis, &c. [Et qd in?im post adjornacoem sic fact&in remaneant sine die.6]

1 8 8 Interlined on the roll: Vetus Coder inserts them all.

4 adjomentur Vetus Codex.

8 Struck through with a line: Vetus Codex omits.

6 f In a hand-writing different from the other 1 part: Vetus Codex inserts.

Another New Statute of Quo Warranto.

QONCERNING the writ that is called quo warranto, our lord the King, at the feast of Pentecost, in the eighteenth year of his reign,

hath established, that all those which claim to have quiet possession of any franchise before the time of King Richard, without interruption, and can shew the same by a lawful enquest, shall well enjoy their possession; and in case that such possession be demanded for cause reasonable, our lord the King shall confirm it by title. And those that have old charters of franchise, shall have the

Statutum de Quo Warranto Novum.1

Ex MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. fo. 260. J)UR ceo brief qest dit quo Waranto establist nre Seignr le Roi le jo1 de la Pentecost, lan de son regne xviii, qe touz ceux qi cleiment avoir quite possession des frunchises av*nt le temps le Roi Richard saunz inSrup-cion, & ceo puissent monstrer p bone enqueste bien se joient de cele possession; Et si celle possession soit demaunde p raison, nfe Seignr le Roi le confernla p title. Et ceux qi ount veuz chartres des fraunchises Srount

1 This title is from the old printed copies.

18 Edward I. Stat. War. Nov.

81

lea chartres ajuggez selonc la tenure & la fourme de mesmes eeles chiles. Et ceux qi ount pdu lour famchises puis le Pasq, darrein & p lavantdit brief, en la fourme avant use en plee del av*ntdit brief, eient restitucion de lo1 firaunchises pduz; & derechief pledent selonc la nato de la psente constitucion.

Statutum de Consultations.1

Ex Rot. de Pladt. ad Pa/rl.

18 Edw. I. m. 6, d.%

Qd Ju- /"lUM Judices eccaatici ad poedend ee- . ...... ..

Castici m coram lpis agitatis p

J^ibonem dni Beg sepius supsedeant

phibicfte in casib3 ubi remedium conquerentibj ad Co? dni Beg per bre de Cancellaf sna fieri iid possit, ppt quod querentes iUi in utraqj Cur tam regia qft eccas-tica jure suo & remedio sut elongati

I ad g»ve dampnu iporum put dns Bex

i «

ex gravi querela quondam intellexit:

Dns Bex vult & pcipit qd cum Judices ecSastici p phifeoem regiam sibi por-rectam, supsedeant in c&sib3 predcis, qd Cancellaf vel Capii Justic ipius dni Beg, qui p tempo fiiit viso libello illius cause ad instanciam querentis, si viderint qd p bfe de Cancellaf , querenti remediu in suo casu fieri

no possit, set qd ad Cuf eccasti-cam ptineat causam illam de?minare,

1 This title is from the old printed copies: in which Slit set is attributed to the fourteenth year of K. Edward I.

1 Veins Codex, fo. 13. b.

same charters adjudged according to the tenor and form of them. And those that have lost their liberties sith Easter last passed, by the fore-said writ, according to the course of pleading in the same writ heretofore used, shall have restitution of their franchise lost, and from henceforth they shall [have*] according to the nature of this present constitution.

1 plead

The Statute of the Whit of Consultation.1

WHEREAS ecclesiastical judges Ecdeuwtioal have often surceased to proceed pr^eLTTnot-

in causes moved before them, by force ^th»tanding

. . . King'.

of the King's writ of prohibition, in prohibition:

, , , , , , if there be no

cases whereas remedy could not be remedy at law.

given to complainants in the King's court, by any writ out of the Chancery,

[because that2] such plaintiffs were deferred of their right and remedy in both courts, as well [temporal8] as spiritual, to tbeir great damage, like as the King hath been advertised by the grievous complaint of his subjects: Our lord the King willeth and commandeth, that where ecclesiastical judges do surcease in the aforesaid cases, by the King's prohibition directed unto them, that the chancellor, or the chief justice of our lord the King for the time being, upon sight of the libel of the same matter, at the instance of the plaintiff, if they can see that the case cannot be redressed by any writ out of the Chancery, hut that the spiritual court ought to determine the matters, shall write to

1 The printed translations attribute this Act to the twenty-fourth year of King Edward I.

whereby 9 the King's

F

i

82

18 Edward I. Stat. de Conmtt.

A.D. 1289-90.

the ecclesiastical judges, before whom the cause was first moved, that they proceed therein, notwithstanding the King's prohibition directed to them before.

scribat Judicibj, coram quibj causa ilia prius fQit agitata, qd in causa ilia pcedant, no obstante phibone regia p'us inde sibi [porrecta, fee.1]

1 directs. Vetus Codex.

21 EDWARD I. A.D. 1293.

Statute of the Justices of Assise.

Concerning

justices

assigned.

Stat. Westm. 2, 13 E. /. c. 30.

Four circuits appointed for the taking of assises, &c. throughout the

year.

WHEREAS our lord the King did of late in his last Statutes of - Westminster direct, that in every county certain justices and no others should be assigned, to take the assises, juries, and certificates in those counties, at certain seasons: And because as well the justices of either bench, as the justices in eyre, when they were not upon the circuit, who had been assigned to do the said office within limited times, being often hindered as well by reason of their office, as by the commands of our lord the King to them directed, could not come at the days and places which they had appointed; by reason whereof through their absence many were put off from their right, and trespasses remained unpunished: Our lord the King being willing as far as he is able, that every one of his subjects should have speedy justice upon wrong done unto him, doth command, that

From henceforth there shall be assigned eight circumspect and discreet justices, to take assises, juries, and certificates through the whole realm, that is to say; two in the counties of York, Northumberland, Westmorland, Cumberland, Lancaster, Nottingham, and Derby. And two in the counties of Lincoln, Leicester, Warwick, Stafford, Salop, Northampton, Rutland,

Statutum de Justiciariis Assignatis.1 Ex JRotde Placit. ad Pari, post Pasch 21 E. I. m. 3. d2 ^JTJM Dos Rex nup in ultimis D' statutis suis Westm pcepisset, qd in singlis Comitatib3 Sti Justic as-sigfcrent1 ad assis, Jur, & Stificacoes capiend in Com illis, Stis tempibj, & non alii: ac g eo qd tarn Justic de utroq, Banco, q* Justic ItiSantes, [cu in Itifiibj non fQiat,8] qui ad pmissa facienda assigHi fSunt tempib3 limi-tatis, multociens impediti, tarn rone officii sui, q* pceptog dni Reg s* dir°tog, venire non po?unt ad dies et loca p ipos assign: gp? quod p eo$ absenciam multi jure suo fQunt elongati, & in-jurie remanserut inpunite; Dns Rex, in qBntum po?it, voles qd! unicuiq de Regno suo de injuria s* facta, celeris fiat justicia, pcipit, qd deceto assig-nentur octo Justic circumspecti et disceti, ad asste, Jur, & Stificacoes capiend g totum Regnu Angi; Duo vidit in Com Ebog, Northumbr, Wesflf, Cumbr, Lane, Notingh, & Derb. Et duo, in Com Lyncoln, Leyc War?, Staff, Salop, North, Rotet

1 This title is from the old printed copies.

Vetus Codex, fo. 47.

3 Interlined on the roll $ Vetus Codex inserts.

*5,6o

21 Edward I. Stal. de Justie.

83

Glouc, Herf, [& Wugorifi.1] Et duo, in Cora Comub, Devon, Sofia, Dora, Will, Sufcfct, Oxon, Berk, Sussex, & Surr. Et duo, in Com Kane, Essex, Hertf, Norff, Suff, Cantebr, Huntingd, Bed, & Buk. Et assle Jurats & recogn de Com Midd capiant* coram Justie de Banco, Qui quidem octo Justie ut pdem est assigHi, ad assies, Juf, et Stificacoes capiend, spali? [intendant *] & assidue p totum annum, diebj & locis quibj melius & plus ad comodu popti vidint esse faciend, ?mis statutis in pdeo ultlo statute Westra ad asas capiend nullatenus obSvatis. Nec concedant* aliqa bria de assis, Juf, vl recogn alicui, coram aliis Justie q* coram pfatis Justie assignatis, nisi de spali gra dni Beg. &c.

1 Wygorn. Vetus Codex.

3 attendant Vetus Codex.

Gloucester, Hereford, and Wigom. And two in the counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, Dorset, Wilts, Southampton, Oxon, Berks, Sussex, and Surrey. And two in the counties of Kent, Essex, [Suffolk, Norfolk,1] Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, and Buckingham. And the assises, juries, and inquests of the county of Middlesex shall be taken before the justices of the bench. Which said eight justices assigned to take the assises [and certificates aforesaid,2] shall especially attend and [daily 3] through the whole year, that is to say (4) in the places where they think best and most for the ease of the people: And the term of the Statute last made at Westminster, of taking of assises, in no wise shall be observed. Nor no writs of assises, juries, or recognisances shall be granted to be taken before any other justices than before the aforesaid justices assigned, except it be of the special grace of the King, &c.

1 Hertford, Norfolk, Suffolk,

3 juries and certificates

3 diligently 4 at the dags and

23 EDWARD I. A.D. 1295.

Statutgm de Frangentibus Prisonam.1 Ex Rot. Pladt. Memomnd. de Pari.

23 EAw. I. to. 2.

The Statute of Breaking Prisons.1

E pisonibj p'sonam fkngentib3 Dfis Rex vult & pcipit, qd nullus de ce?o qui p^ona freglit, sbeat judi-ciu vite [&*] mebrog j> fraccoe p'sone

1 vel Vetus Codex.

/"I ON CERNIN G prisoners which ^ break prison, our lord the King willeth and commandeth, that none from henceforth that breaketh prison shall have judgement of life or member for breaking of prison only; except

1 The title* are from the old printed copies and translations, which attribute this article to the first year of King Edward II.


Concerning those who break prison.

84

23 Edward I. Stat. de Fra/ng. Pris.

A.D. 1295.

the cause for which he was taken and imprisoned did require such judgement, if he had been convict thereupon according to the law and custom of the realm, albeit in times past it hath been used otherwise.

tm; n* causa j> qua capt9 & ipiso-natus fQit tale judm req'reret, si de ilia juxa legem & consuetudiem ire fuisset convict9, licet tempib^ p?itis atr fieri o5suevt.

25 EDWARD I. A.D. 1297.

In dorso Rotuli.

Jaffna Carta tie Ift'tatifc Stogr,

"t tie Itb'tatft? dforeate; ro'ffrmata a SI. Ctitoartio; 2foir! Uni btcctfimo tfnto. jrjrb*0.*

The GREAT CHARTER of the LIBERTIES of ENGLAND, And of the LIBERTIES of the FOREST;

Confirmed by King Edward, in the Twenty-fifth Year of his Reign.

TGpDWARD by the grace of God King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Guyan, [to all archbishops, bishops, fee.1] We have seen the Great Charter of the Lord Henry sometimes King of England, our father, of the liberties of England in these words: Henry by the grace of God King of England, Lord of Ireland, Duke of Normandy and Guyan, and Earl of Anjou, to all archbishops, bishops, abbots, priors, earls, barons, sheriffs,

1 To aQ to whom these present letters shall come, greeting.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turn.

Land. m. 40, 39, 38.

0) DWARDUS dei gra Rex Angt Dns Hifcn & Dux Aquil: Omnibj ad quos psentes lit?e pverJint sattm. Inspeximus magnam cartam dni H. quondam Regis Angl pfis nri de libertatib} Angl in hec verba. Hen-ricus dei gra Rex Angl, Dos Hibn, Dux Normann, Aquil, & Comes An-degav, Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibj, Prioribj, Comitibj, Baronibj, Vice-

1 A blank for the letter E.

This indorsement is at the bottom of membrane 38, of the roll, being the last of the three membranes on which are entered the Inspeximus and Confirmation of the t Great Charter and of the Charter of the Forest, the Charter of Confirmation in French,

and the King's pardon; in order as they are printed from hence {Statutes of the Realm, volume 1, page 114] to the end of page 124 {of the same volume}. In all former printed copies tho Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest, as granted by King Henry HI. and confirmed by King Edward I. have been inserted und^r the ninth year of K. Henry III. See the collection of Charters of Liberties preceding the Statutes {in Statutes of the Realm, volume 1], and chapter II. of the Introduction prefixed to {the same} volume. The various readings marked L. are from the Charter of Inspeximus 25 Edw. I. under the great seal preserved among the archives of the city of London. See page 33, of the Charters of Liberties {in Statutes of the Realm, volume 1}.

25 Edwabd I. Magna Carta.

85

comitib3, Prepoitis, Ministris, & offiibj Baffis & fidelibj suis psentem cartara inspector saltm. Sciatis qS nos intuitu dei, & g salute anime nre, & animag antecessog & successor nrog, ad cxaltacoem see ecctie, & emendacoem regni nri, spontanea & bona volutate nra, dedim9 & concessira9 Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibj, Prioribj, Comitibj, Baronibj, & 0mib3 de regno nro, has libtates subscriptas, tenendas in regno nro Angf imppetuu.

In phnis concessim9 deo, & hac psenti carta nra confirmavim9 g nob & hered nris imppetuu, qd ecctia Anglicana libera sit, & habeat omnia jura sua integra, & libtates suas illesaa Concessim9 eciam & dedim9 omib3 bberis hominib3 regni nri, g nob & heredib3 nris imppetuu, has libtates subscriptas, bendas & tenendas cis & hered suis, de nob & hered nris imppetuu.

Vidua post mortem mariti sui, statim & sine difficultate aliqa beat inaritagiu suu, & hereditatem suam; nec aliquid det g dote sua, nec p maritagio suo, vel g hereditate sua, quam hereditatem maritus suus & ipa tenuerut [simul,1] die obit9 ipius mariti sui; & maneat in capitali mesuag mariti sui, p quadraginta dies, post obitu mariti sui, infra quos dies assigned ei dos sua, nisi p*us fuit ei assign&ta, vel nisi dom9 ilia ait castrum; & si de castro recesserit, domus ei competens stati gvideat?, in

1 Interlined on the roll, — Z. omits.

provosts> officers, and to all bailiffs, and other our faithful subjects, which shall see this present charter, greeting: Know ye, that we, unto the honour of Almighty Qod, and for the salvation of (x) the souls of our progenitors and successors [Kings of England,] to the advancement of holy church and amendment of our realm, of our meer and free will, have given and granted to all archbishops, bishops, abbots, priors, earls, barons, and to all [freemen] of this our realm, these liberties following, to be kept in our kingdom of England for ever.

First, we have granted to God, and I. by this our present charter have con-firmed, for us and our heirs for ever, that the church of England shall be free, and shall have all her whole rights and liberties inviolable. We have granted also, and given to all the freemen of our realm, for us and our heirs for ever, these liberties under-written, to have and to hold to them and their heirs, of us and our heirs for ever.

A widow, after the death of her vn. husband, incontinent, and without Wldaw* any difficulty, shall have her [marriage *] and her inheritance; and Her marriage shall give nothing for her dower, her *1 [marriage *] or her inheritance, which her husband and she held the day of the death of her husband; and she quarantine; shall tarry in the chief [house8] of her husband by forty days after the death of her husband, within which days her dower shall be assigned her, if it were not assigned her before, or that the house be a castle; and if she depart from the ctistle, then a competent house shall be forthwith

1 our soul and * marriage-estate

3 mansion

86

25 Edward I. Magna Carta.

A.D. 1297.

estovers;

dower;

remarriage.

VIII. The King's debtor.

His pledges.

IX. liberties of London, &c.

provided for her, in the which she may honestly dwell, until her dower be to her assigned, as it is aforesaid; and she shall have in the mean time her reasonable estovers [of the common:*] And for her dower shall be assigned unto her the third part of all the lands of her husband, which were his [during coverture,2] except she were endowed of less at the church-door. No widow shall be distrained to marry herself (*): Nevertheless she shall find surety -that she shall not marry without our licence and assent, if she hold of us, nor without the assent of the lord, if she hold of another.

We, or our bailiffs, shall not seize any land or rent for any debt, as long as the present goods and chattels of the debtor do suffice to pay the debt, and the debtor himself be ready to satisfy therefore. Neither shall the pledges of the debtor be distrained, as long as the principal debtor is sufficient for the payment of the debt; and if the principal debtor fail in payment of the debt, having nothing wherewith to pay, or will not pay where he is able, the pledges shall answer for the debt; -and if they will, they shall have the lands and rents of the debtor, until they be satisfied of that which they before paid for him, except that the debtor can shew himself to be acquitted (4) against the said sureties.

The city of London shall have all the old liberties and customs [which it hath been used to have]. Moreover we will and grant, that all other cities, boroughs, towns, and the barons of the five ports, and all other ports, shall have all their liberties and free customs.

1 out of the common estate:

2 in his live, MS. Tr. 1.

3 while she chooses to live single 4 thereof

qua possit honest© morari, quousq* dos sua ei assigned scdm qd pdcm est; & heat radonabile esto9iu suu in?im de coi: Assigned aute ei g dote sua ?cia gs tod9 Yre mariti sui, que sua fuit in vita sua, nisi de minori fuerit dotata ad hostium ecclie. Nulla vidua distringatr ad se mari-tanda, dum voldit vi9e sine marito: Ita tn qd securitatem faciat, qd se non maritabit sine assensu nro, si de noft tenQit, vel sine assensu dni sui, si de alio tenilit.

Nos vero vt baffi. nri non seisiem9 ?ram aliquam vel redditu, g debito aliq°, q*mdiu catalla debitoris psencia sufficiut ad debitu reddend, & ipe debitor pat9 sit inde satisfaSe. Nec plegii ipius debitoris distringant^, qamdiu ipe capital debitor sufficiat ad solucoem ipius debiti; & si capital debitor defeSit in solucoe debiti, non hens unde reddat, aut redder© nolit cu possit, plegii de debito respondeant; & si volQint, heant Sras & reddit9 debitoris, quousq> sit eis satisfcm de debito, quod ante g eo sol9ut, nisi capital debitor monstra9it se inde esse quietu 9s9 eosde plegios.

Ci vitas London heat omes libertates suas antiquas, & consuetudines suas. Pre?ea volum9 & concedim9, qd omes Civitates alie, & Burgi, & Ville, & Barones de quimfe portubj, & oes port9, heant omes libtates, & lihas consuetudines suas.

A.D. 1297.

25 Ebwakd I. Magna Carta.

87

Nullus distfngat* ad faciend majus ?viciu d© feodo militia, nec de alio lifco tenemento, q*m inde debetur.

Communia piita non seqantur Cuf nram, set teneant? in aliquo loco §to.

Recognicoes de nova disseia, & de

morte antecessoris, non capiant* nisi

in snis Comitatibj, & hoc modo.

Nos, vt si extra regnii fuerimus,

capital JustiS nr, mittein9 Justic

nros, p unumquemqj Comitatu semel

in anno, qui cu militibj Comitatuu,

capiant in Comitatib3 assisas p?dcas;

& ilia qne in illo adventn suo in

Comitatus, p JustiS nros pdcos, ad

dcas assisas capiendas missos, ?minari

non possut, p eosdem ?minentr alibi

in itifie suo; & ea que p eosde pp?

difficultate aliquog articulo£, ?minari

no possut, referant* ad JustiS nros de

Banco, & ibi ?minentr.

Liber Homo non afflcietr p pvo delicto, nisi sSdm modu ipius delicti, & p magno delicto sSdm magnitudine delicti, salvo contenemento suo; & fflcator eodem modo, salva mercandisa sua; & villan9 al?ius qam nos? eodem modo aflciet* salvo Wanagio suo, si incident in Siam nrara. Et nulla pdca£ nliag ponatur nisi p sam^m pboj & leg fcoim, de visn. Comites & Barones n5 aficient* nisi p pares suos, & non nisi scdm modu delicti. Nulla ecctiastaca psona aflciet* scdm quantitate beneficii sui eccJiastici, set scdm laieu ten suu, & scdm quantitate delicti.

No man shall be distrained to do more service for a knight's fee, nor any freehold, than therefore is due.

Common pleas shall not follow our court, but shall be holden in some place certain.

Assises of novel disseisin and of mortdauncestor shall not be taken but in [the1] shires, and after this manner: [If2] we be out of this realm, our chief [justicers *] shall send our justicers through every county once in the year; which with the knights of the shires shall take the said assises in those counties; and those things that at the coming of our foresaid justicers being sent to take those assises in the counties, cannot be determined, shall be ended by them in some other place in their circuit; and those things, which for difficulty of some articles cannot be determined by them, shall be referred to our [justices4] of the bench, and there shall be ended.

A freeman shall not be amerced for a small fault, but after the manner of the fault, and for a great fault, after the greatness thereof, saving to him his [contenement ]; and a merchant likewise, saving to him his merchandise; and any other's villain than ours shall be likewise amerced, saving his wainage, if he fall into our mercy. And none of the said amerciaments shall be assessed but by the oath of honest and lawful men of the vicinage. Earls and barons shall not be amerced but by their peers, and after the manner of their offence. No man of the church shall be amerced after the quantity of his spiritual benefice, but after his lay tenement, and after the quantity of his offence.

1 their 2 We, or if 8 justicer

4 justicers " countenance.

X.

Distress for services.

XI.

Common pleas.

XIL Assises of novel disseisin and mortdan-oestor.

Circuits.

Adjournment of causes for difficulty.

XIV. Amercements of freemen;

merchants;

villains.

Amercement of earls.

Ecclesiastics,

88

25 Edwabd I. Magna Carla.

AJX 1297.

XV. Making of bridges.

XVI. Obstructing of rivers.

XVII. Pleas of the crown.

xvm.

The King's tenant, hu debtor.

TYH. Lands of felons.

XXJII.

Wears.

No town nor freeman shall be distrained to make bridges [nor banks,1] but such as of old time and of right have been accustomed to make them [in the time of King Henry our grandfather.]

No [banks *] shall be defended from henceforth, but such as were in defence in the time of King Henry our grandfather, by the same places and the same bounds, as they were wont to be in his time.

No sheriff, constable, [escheator,] coroner, nor any other our bailiffs, shall hold pleas of our crown:

If any that holdeth of us lay fee do

die, and our sheriff or bailiff do shew

our letters patents of our summon for

debt, which the dead man did owe to

us, it shall be lawful to our sheriff or

bailiff to attach and inroll all the

goods and chattels of the dead being

found in the [said fee,8] to the value

of the same debt, by the sight [and

testimony] of lawful men: So that

nothing thereof shall be taken away,

until [we be clearly paid off the

debt ;4] and the residue shall remain

to the executors, to perform the

testament of the dead; and if

nothing be owing unto us (5), all the

chattels shall go to the use of the

dead; saving to his wife and children

their reasonable parts.

We will not hold the lands of them that be convict of felony but one year and one day, and then those lands shall be delivered to the lords of the fee.

All wears from henceforth shall be utterly put down by Thames and Medway, and through all England, but only by the sea-coasts.

1 aver rivers * rivers 3 lay-fee

4 there be paid unto us the debt which shall have been proved;

by him

Nec villa, nec [Liber1] homo dis-

tringat? faSe pontes ad riparias, nisi

qui ab antiquo, & de jure faSe debent.

Nulle riparie defendant? dece?o,

nisi ille que fQunt in defenso, tempore

H. Reg avi nri, p eadem loca & eos-

dem Aminos, sicut esse consueverut

tempe suo.

Nullus Vice comes, Constabulaf,

Coronator, vel alii Batti nri, teneant

ptita corone nre.

Si aliquis tenes de nob laicum feodu

moriat* & Vicecomes vt Bails nr,

ostendat litfas nras patentes de

sumonicoe nra de debito, quod de-

functus nob debuit, liceat Vicecomiti,

vt Baltio nro, attachiare et imbriare

omia bona & catalla defuncti, inventa

in laico feodo, ad valenciam illius

debiti p visum legaliu hominu: Ita

tn qd nichil inde amoveat* donee

psolvat* nob debitu, quod claru f8it;

& residuu relinqatur executoribj ad

faciend testamentu defuncti; & si

nichil nob debeatr ab ipo, omia catalla

cedant defuncto; salvis uii ejus, &

pQis ipius ronabilib3 ptib3 suis.

Nos no tenebim9 ?ras illoj, qui

covicti fQint de felonia, nisi p unu

annu & unu diem, & tuc reddant?

terre ille dnis feodo^.

Orhes Kidelli deponant1, dece?o

penit9 p Tamisiam & Medeweyam, &

p to tarn Angt, nisi p oosteram maria.

1 Interlined on the roll. — L. omits.

A.D. 1297.

25 Edward L Magna Carta.

89

Una Mens ura vini sit p totu regnu nrm, & una mensura 8visie, & una mensura bladi, scitfc quarter London; & una latitudo pannog tinctog, russe-tog, & haubergettog sciit due ulne infra listas. De ponderib3 vero sit, sicut de mensuris.

#* Nullus liber homo capiatur vel imprisoned, aut disseisiatur de lifeo ten suo, vel libertatib^ vl lifcis consuetu-dinib3 suis, aut utlaget? aut exulet aut aliquo modo destruatur, nec sup eum ibimus, nec sup eu mittem9, nisi p legale judiciu piu suog, vel p legem terre. Nulli vendem9, nulli negabim9, aut different9 rectum vel justiciam.

Omes mercatores, nisi publice antea phibiti fliint fceant salvu & securu conductum exire de Angt, & venire in Angt, & morari & ire p Ang! tarn p terram, q»m p aquam, ad emend & vendend, sine omib3 toltis malis, p antiquas & rectas consuetudines, p?q*m in tempe guerre; & si sint de terra cont* nos guerrina, & tales inveniand in Ira nFa in pincipio guerre, attachient7 sine dapno corpog vel rej, donee sdatur a nob vel a capitali Justic nro, quomodo Scatores Ire nfe tractentr, qui tunc inveiunt1 in terra ilia cont8- nos guerrina, & si nfi salvi sint ibi, alii salvi sint in Ira nra. * Nullus lib homo det decelo amplius alicui, vel vendat de terra sua, q^m ut do residuo terre sue, sufficient possit fieri, dno feodi, ?viciu ei debitum quod ptinet ad feodii illud.

One measure of wine shall be through our realm, and one measure of ale, and one measure of com, that is to say, the quarter of London; and one breadth of dyed doth, russets, and habeijects, that is to say, two yards within the lists. And it shall be of weights as it is of measures. *#*#

No freeman shall be taken or imprisoned, or be disseised of his freehold, or liberties, or free customs, or be outlawed, or exiled, or any other wise destroyed; nor will we not pass upon him, nor [condemn him,1] but by lawful judgment of his peers, or by the law of the land. We will sell to no man, we will not deny or defer to any man either justice or right.

All merchants, if they were not openly prohibited before, shall have their safe and sure conduct to depart out of England, to come into England, to tarry in, and go through England, as well by land as by water, to buy and sell without any manner of [evil tolts2] by the old and rightful customs, except in time of war; and if they be of a land making war against us, and be found in our realm at the beginning of the wars, they shall be attached without harm of body or goods, until it be known unto us, or our chief justice, how our merchants be entreated [there in *] the land making war against us; and if our merchants be well intreated there, theirs shall be likewise with us. *

No freeman from henceforth shall give or sell any more of his land, but so that of the residue of the lands, the lord of the fee may have the service due to him which belongeth to the fee.

\ deal with him, 3 evil tolles

3 who are then found in

XXV. Measures, and weights.

XXIX. Imprisonment, &c. contrary to law.

Administration of justice.

XXX.

Foreign

merchants.

XXXIL

Alienation.

25 Edward I. Magna Ca/ria.

A.D. 1297.

xxxv.

County court.

Sheriffs turn.

View of frankpledge.

XXXVII.

Escuage.

General saving.

Observance of these liberties.

No county court from henceforth shall be holden but from month to month; and where greater time hath been used, there shall be greater: Nor any sheriff or his bailiff shall keep his turn in the hundred but twice in the year, and no where but in due place and accustomed; that is to say, once after Easter, and again after the feast of Saint Michael. And the view of frankpledge shall be likewise at the feast of Saint Michael, without [occasion:1] So that every man may have his liberties which he had or used to have in the time of King Henry our grandfather, or which he hath purchased since. The view of frankpledge shall be so done, that our peace may be kept; and that [the tything be wholly kept,2] as it hath been accustomed; and that the sheriff [seek no occasions f] and that he be content with so much as the sheriff was wont to have for his viewmaking, in the time of King Henry our grandfather.


Escuage from henceforth shall be taken like as it was wont to be in the time of King Henry our grandfather. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.J Reserving to all archbishops, bishops, abbots, priors, templars, hospitallers, earls, barons, and all persons, as well spiritual as temporal, all their [free liberties4] and free customs, which they have had in time passed. And all these customs and liberties aforesaid, which we have granted to be holden within this our realm, [as much as appertained to us and our heirs, we shall observe; and5] all men of this our realm, as well spiritual as temporal, [as much as in them is, shall observe the same against all

1 hindrance 2 the leete be kept whole

8 Meek not to trouble any; 4 liberties

8 on our party towards our men,

Null us Comitat? dece?o teneatur,

nisi de mense in mensem, & ubi major

feninus esse solebat major sit: Nec

aliquis Vic, vi Balls suns, fee tumum

suu p Hundredu, nisi bis in anno, &

non nisi in loco debito & consueto;

videit semel post Pasch, & i?um post

festum Sci Michis. Et visus de franco

plegio, tuc fiat ad illu $minu Sci

Michis, sine occ^one: Ita scilt qd

quilibet habeat libtates suas, quas

huit, vl hre consuevit tepe H. Regis

avi nri, vel quas postea pquisivit.

Fiat autem visus de franco plegio

sic, videit, qd pax nra teneatr, & qd

theothinga teneatr integra, sicut esse

consuevit; & qd Vicecomes non

querat occ^nes, & qd content9 sit de

eo quod ViS hre consuevit de visu suo

faciendo tempe H. Reg avi nri.

Scutagium dece?o capiat1*, sicut capi consuevit, tempore H. Reg avi nri {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

Et salve sint Archiepis, Epis, Abba-tib3, Priorib3, Templar, Hospitelaf, Comitib3, Baronibs, & omib3 aliis, tarn ecdiasticis psonis, qam secularib3, omnes lihtates & libe consuetudines, quas prius huerut. Omes'aute consuetudines & libtates pdictas, quas concessim9 in regno nro tenendas, qantu ad nos ptinet erga nros, Omes de regno nro, tarn clici, qam laici, observet, qantu ad se pertinet, erga

A.D. 1297. 25 Edward I.

suos. Pro hac aute donacione et oonoessione libtatu istag, & aliag oontentaj in carta nfa de li&tatibjt foreste, Archiepi, Epi, Abbes, Priores, Comites, Barones, Milites, libe tenentes, & omee de regno nro, dederut nob quintam detimam ptem omiu mobiliu suo$. Concessim9 edam eisdem, g nob & hered nfis, qd nec nos, nec beredes nH, aliquid pquiremus, p quod libtates in hac carta contente infringant1 vel infirm ent1. Et si ab aliquo contra hoc aliquid pquisitum fuerit, nichil valeat, & g nullo beatur. Hiis testib3 dno S. Cantuar Archiepo, E. London Epo, J. Bathon Epo, P. Wynton, H. Lincoln, R. Sag, W. Roff, W. Wygorn, J. Eliefi, H. Hereforden, R. Cicestr, W. Exon Epis. Abbe Sci Edmundi, Abbe Sci Albani, Abbe de Bello, Abbe Sci Augustini Cantuar, Abbe de Evesham, Abbe de Westm, Abbate de Burgo Sci Petri, Abbe de Reding, Abbe de Abyndon, Abbe de Malmesbuf, Abbe de Wynche-cumbe, Abbe de Hida, Abbe de Certeseye, Abbe de Shirburn, Abbe de Ceme, Abbe de [Abbotebir,1] Abbe de Middilton, Abbate de Seleby, Abbate de Cirencestf, H. de Burgo [Justicia?,r] H. Comite Cestf & Lincoln, W. Comite Sag, W. Comite Warren, Q. de Clare Comite Gloucestr & Hertford, W. de Ferraf Comite Derb, W. de Mandevill Comite Essex,

1 Abbotesbury L. - Justic nro L.

Magna Gmia. 91

persons, in like wise.1] And for this our gift and grant of these liberties, and of other contained in our charter of liberties of our forest, the arch-bishops, bishops, abbots, priors, earls, barons, knights, -freeholders, and other our subjects, have given unto us the fifteenth part of all their moveables. And we have granted unto them on the other part, (a) that neither we nor our heirs shall procure or do any thing whereby the liberties in this charter contained shall be infringed or broken. And if any thing be procured by any person contrary to the premises, it shall be had of no force nor effect These being witnesses; Lord [B.*] Archbishop of Canterbury, E. Bishop of London, J. Bishop of Bathe, P. of Winchester, H. of Lincoln, R. of Salisbury, W. of Rochester, W. of Worcester, J. of Ely, H. of Hereford, R. of Chichester, W. of Exeter, Bishops; the Abbot of St. Edmonds, the Abbot of St. Albans, the Abbot of [Bello,4] the Abbot of St Augustine's in Canterbury, the Abbot of Evesham, the Abbot of Westminster, the Abbot of [Bourgh St. Peter,5] the Abbot of Reding, the Abbot of Abindon, the Abbot of Malmsbury, the Abbot of Winchcomb, the Abbot of Hyde, the Abbot of Certesey, the Abbot of Sherbum, the Abbot of Ceme, the Abbot of [Abbotebir,5] the Abbot of Middleton, the Abbot of Seleby, the Abbot of Cirencester; H. de Burgh [Justice,7] H. Earl of Chester and Lincoln, W. Earl of Salisbury, W. Earl of Warren, G. de Clare Earl of Gloucester and [Hereford,8] W. de Ferrara Earl of Derby, W. de Man-deville Earl of Essex, H. de Bygod

1 shall observe on their part towards their men

*for ns and our heirs,

3 S. 4 Battel * Peterborough

Abbotsbnrif 7 Chief Justicrr 9 Hertford

Subsidy, in respect of this charter and Charter of the Forest.

25 Edward I.

Earl of Norfolk, W. Earl of Albemarle, H. Earl of Hereford, J. Constable of Chester, R. de Ros, R. Fitzwalter, R. de Vyponte, W. de Bruer, R. de Muntefichet, P. Fitzherbert, W. de Aubenie, F. Grisly, F. de Brens,

J. de [Monemue,1] J. Fitzallen, H. de Mortimer, W. de Beauchamp, W. de St. John, P. de Manly, Brian de Lisle, Thomas de Multon, R. de Argenteyn, G. de Nevil, W. de Mauduit, J. de Baiun, and others. (*)

We, ratifying and approving these gifts and grants aforesaid, confirm and make strong all the same for us and our heirs perpetually, and by the tenor of these presents do renew the same: Willing and granting for us and our heirs, that [this charter and *] all and singular his articles for ever shall be. stedfastly, firmly, and inviolably observed; [and if4] any article in the same charter contained yet hitherto peradventure hath not been kept [we will and by authority royal command from henceforth firmly they be observed B].

In witness whereof we have caused these our letters patents to be made. [T. Edward our son at Westminster, the twenty-eighth day of March in the twenty-eighth year of our reign.8]

1 Monmouth

Given at Westminster the eleventh day of February in the ninth year of our reign.

8 the charter aforesaid in 4 even although

6 Not in original.

8 The old translations read

These reverend fathers being witnesses; R. Archbishop of Canterbury Primate of England, A. Bishop of Duresme, and other; Given at Westminster, with our own hand,the twenty-eighth day of the month of March, the twenty-eighth year of our reign.

This agrees with the old printed copies of the Latin text:

Bot read

Witness Edward our son at Westminster, the twelfth day of October in the twenty-fifth year of our reign.

Magna Carta. AD. 1297.

H. le Bygod Comite Norff, W. Comite Albemarlie, H. Comite Hereford, J. Constabula? Cestr, R. de Ros, R. filio Walfc, R. de Veft Ponte, W. de Bruer, R. de Muntefichet, P. filio Herbi, W. de Aubeny, F. Gresly, F. de Breus, J. de Monemue, J. fit Alani, H. de Mortuo Mari, W. de Bello Campo, W. de Sco Jo&e, P. de Malo Lacu, Briano de Insula, Thoma de Multon, R. de Argentein, G. de Nevill, W. Mauduit, J. de Baiun & aliis. Dal apud Westm xj. die Febf anno ?. 3. nono.

Nos autem donacoes & concessiones pdictas ratas ftentes & gratae, eas g nob & Heredibj nris, conceding & confirmam9, easq> tenore psenciu inno-vam9, volentes & concedentes, g nob & heredibj nris, qd carta pdca in omib3 & singlis suis articut imppetuu firmi? & inviolabili? observed, eciam si aliqui articuli in eadem carta contenti, hucusq^ forsitan non fuerint observati. In cuj9 rei testimon has lit?as nfas fieri fecim9 patentee. T. Edwardo filio nro apud Westm, duodecimo die Octobr anno r. 3. Vicesimo Quinto.

25 Edwabd I. Cmjwrrutiio Ca/rtcmim.

93

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr.

Loud. m. 38.

(*) DWARD par la grace de dieu, Roy Dengleterre Seignur Dirland, & Dues D&quitaine a toutz ceus qui cestes psentes lettres verront ou orront saluz. Sachiez nous al honeur de dieu, k de seinte eglise & an pfit de tut nre Roiaume, aver grante, pur no9 e p* nos heirs, qe la grand chartre des franchises k la chartre de la Forest les queles furent faites p cotnun assent de tut le Roiaume, en tens le Rey Henry nre pere, seient tenuz en toutz leur pointz, aanz nul blemisement. E voloms qe meismes celes chartres de suth nre seal, seient envoiez a nos Justices, ausibien de la forest, come as autres, e a toutz les Viscontes des Contez, & a toutz nos autres ministres, & a totes nos citees p mi la terre, ensemblemet ore nos briefs, en les queux 3ra contenu qil facent les avantdites chartres pup-plier, e qil facent dire au poeple qe noP les avoms grauntees de tenir les en toutz leur pointz; Ea nos Justices, Viscontes, Maires e autres ministres, qi la ley de la terre de south nous, & p no?, ount a guier, meismes les chartres en toutz leur pointz, en plez devaunt eus, e en Jugeraentz les facent alower, oest asavoir la g*nd chartre des franchises come ley c6-mune e la chartre de la forest solom lassise de la forest, al amendement de nre poeple.

E voloms q si nuls jugementz soient dooez descremen, encontre les pointz des chartres avantdites, p Justices & p autres nos ministres, qui contre les

A Ua.* far iW letter EL

TjTDWARD, by the grace of God,

Confirmation of the charters.

King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Guyan, to all those that these present letters shall hear or see, greeting. Know ye that we, to the honour of God, and of holy church, and to the profit of our realm, have granted for ns and our heirs, that the Charter of Liberties, and the Charter of the Forest, which were made by common assent of all the realm, in tae time of King Henry our father, shall be kept in every point without breach. And we will that the same t^t*on charters shall be sent under our seal, as well to our justices of the forest, as to others, and to all sheriffs of shires, and to all our other officers, and to all our cities throughout the realm, together with our writs, in the which it shall be contained, that they cause the foresaid charters to be published, and to declare to the people that we have confirmed them in all points; and [that *] our justices, sheriffs, mayors, and other ministers, which under us (*) have the laws of our land to guide, [shall allow the said charters pleaded before them in judgment in all their points; *] that is to wit, the Great Charter as the common law, and the Charter of the Forest (4) for the wealth of our realm.

And we will, that if any judgement II. be given from henceforth contrary to the points of the charters aforesaid charter* voia. by the justices, or by any other our ministers that hold plea before them

1 to * and Ity ue

8 that they allow the tarns ehariere in all (half points, in pleas before them, and In Jutlgemenfe f 4 according to the aee/ee t\f the form!,

94

25 Edward I. Confi/rrmtio Cartarum.

A.D. 1297.

m.

The charters shall be read in the cathedrals.

IV.

The breakers of the charters shall be excommunicated.

V.

Aids, tasks, and prises granted to the King shall not be taken for a custom.

against the points of the charters, it shall be undone and holden for nought.

And we will, that the same charters shall be sent, under our seal, to cathedral churches throughout our realm, there to remain, and shall be read before the people two times by the year.

And that all archbishops and bishops shall pronounce the sentence of (x) excommunication against all those that by [word,] deed, (*) or counsel do contrary to the foresaid charters, or that in any point break or undo them. And that the said curses be twice a year denounced and published by the prelates aforesaid. And if the same prelates, (8) or any of them be remiss in the denunciation of the said sentences, the Archbishops of Canterbury and Tork for the time being (4) shall compel and distrein them [to the execution of their duties 5] in form aforesaid.

And for so much as divers people of our realm are in fear, that the aids and tasks which they have given to us beforetime towards our wars and other business, of their own grant and good will, howsoever they were made, might turn to a bondage to them and their heirs, because they might be at another time found in the rolls, and [likewise for ] the prises taken throughout the realm by our ministers (*); we have granted for us and our heirs, that we shall not draw such aids, tasks, nor prises into a custom, for any thing that hath been done heretofore, [be it by roll or any other precedent that may be founden.8]

1 great 2 aid 8 bishops,

4 as is fitting 6 to make that denunciation

8 so likewise ' in ovr name

8 or that may be found by roll or in any other manner.

pointz des chartres tenent plez devant eus, seient defaitz e p* nient tenuz. E voloms qe mesmes celes chartres de suth nre seal seient envoiez as eglises cathedrales, parmi nfe Roiaume & la demorgent. E seient deufoitz p an lues devant le poeple. E qe Erce-vesques & Evesques doignent sentences du g*nt escomeng, contre toutz ceus qui contre les avantdites chartres vendront, en fait, ou en ayde, ou en conseil, ou nul point enfreindront, ou encontre vendront. E q celes sentences seiet denuncies e pupplies deufoitz par an p les avantditz pre-latz. E si mesmes les prelatz Evesques, ou nul de eus, seient negligentz en la denunciacion susdite faire, p les Ercevesques de Canterbire & de Everwyk, qui pur tens serront, si come covient, soient repris, & destreinz a mesme cele denunciacion faire en la fourme avauntdite. E pur ceo qe aucunes gentz de nre Roiaume se doutent qe les aides, e les mises, les queles il ncP ount fait avant ces oures, pur nos guerres & autres bosoignes, de leur g*nt, e leur bone volunte, en quele manere qe faitz seient, pussent turner en Svage a eus, e a leur heirs, p ce qil serroient autre-foitz trovez en roule, e ausi prises qe out este faites par mi le Roiaume p nos ministres, en nfe noun, avoms gftnte pur nous, & pur nos heirs, qe mes tieles aides, mises, ne prises, ne treroms a custume, pur nule chose qe soit fait, ou qe par roule ou en autre maniere peust estre trove.

95

E ausi avoms g»nte p* nous e pr nos heirs as Ercevesques, Evesqs, Abbes, e Priors, e as autres gentz de seinte eglise, & as Contes & Barons, & a tote la comunaute de la terre, q mea pur nule busoigne tieu manere des aides, mises, ne prises, de n?e roiaume ne prendroms, fors q p comun assent de tut le Roiaume, & a comun pfit de meisme le Roiaume, sauve les auncienes aides, & prises, dues & custumees.

E p* ceo q tut le plus de la comunaute del roiaume se sentent durement grevez, de la male toute des leines, cest asavoir de chescun sak de leine quarante soudz, e no9 out prie que nous les vousissoms relesser, nous a leur priere les avoms pleinement relesse, E avoms gftnte qe cele, ne autre, mes ne prendroms sanz lour comun assent, e leur bone volunte; sauve a no9 e a nos heirs la custuroe des leines, peaus, e quirs, avant g*ntez p la comunaute du Roiaume avauntdit. En tesmoig-nance de queux choses, no9 avoms fait fair© cestes nos Ires o9te& Tea-moigne Edward nre fitz a Londres le disme jour de Octobr, Lan de nre regne vintisme Quynt.

E fet a remembrer qe meisme ceste chartre, suth meismes les paroles, de mot en mot, fust sele en Flaundres, de suth le g*nt seal le Rey, cest asaver a Gaunt, le quint Jour de Novembr, Lan del regne lavantdit nre seignur le Rey vintisime q*nt, e envee en Engleterre.

Moreover we have granted for us and our heirs as well to archbishops, bishops, abbots, priors, and other folk of holy church, as also to earls, barons, and to all the communalty of the land, that for no business from henceforth we shall take (a) such manner of aids, tasks, nor prises, but by the common assent of the realm, and for the common profit thereof, saving the ancient aids and prises due and accustomed.

And for so much as the more part of the communalty of the realm find themselves sore grieved with the [maletent *] of woolls, that is to wit, a toll of forty shillings for every sack of wooll, and have made petition to us to release the same; we at their requests have clearly released it, and have granted [for us and our heirs] that we shall not take [such things8] without theH^ a^mmon assent and good will; saving lo us and our heirs the custom of woolls, skins, and leather, granted before by the communalty aforesaid. In witness of which things we have caused these our letters to be made patents. Witness Edward our son at London the tenth day of October, the five and twentieth year of our reign.

And be it remembered that this same charter, in the same terms, word for word, was sealed in Flanders under the King's great seal, that is to say, at Ghent the fifth day of November in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of our aforesaid lord the King, and sent into England.*

1 of our realm 2 unjust toll

3 such thing nor any other

See the Charters of Liberties, preceding the statutes in {volume 1 of Statutes of the Realm,} page 37.

YL No aids or prises shall be taken but by consent of the realm.

vn.

A release of toll for wool

Saving the

custom

granted.

tmica-

ailbe

meed

4ie

*this

96

25 EDWABD I.

U). 1297.

I.

No tallage or aid without assent of Parliament

n.

No purveyance without the owner's assent.

m.

No male-tolt. IV.

All laws, liberties, and customs, confirmed.

Aids, tan, prises gnu to the Kinp shall not"1 taken p CTUtf'

fiftatutu Uf CaHag'.

A STATUTE concerning TALLAGE.*

Ex MS. 377. m Coll. Corp. Chrieti, Cantab*.

0 tallage or aid shall be [taken1] or levied by ns or our heirs in our realm, without the good will and assent of (*) archbishops, bishops, earls, barons, knights, burgesses, and other [freemen of the land.8] No officer of ours, or of our heirs, shall take corn, [leather, cattle,4] or any other goods, of any manner of person, without the good will and assent of the party to whom the goods belonged. Nothing from henceforth shall be taken [of sacks of wooll, by colour or occasion of male-tent.5] We will and grant for us and our heirs, thai -r" clerks and laymen of our land (6) their

laws, liberties, ^na free customs, as largely and wholly as they have used to have the same at any time when they had them best (7); and if any statutes have been made by us or our ancestors, or any customs brought in contrary to them, or any manner of article contained in this present

1 laid * the

8 free commons of our realm.

, 4 wool, leather

5 in the name or by occasion of maletoute of a sacke of wool,

1 all

7 and moet fully

1CTULLUM Tallagiu vel auxilium p nos vel hered nros (*) in regno nostro [ponat*2] seu levet* sine volun-tate & assensu [tocius8] Archiepog, Epog, (4) Com, Baronu, Milif, Burg, & aliog libo£ [horn5] [de8] regno nro. Nullus Minister nos? vel hedum nfojs capiat blada (J) correa aut aliqua alia bona [alicujus8] sine volutate & assensu illius cujus fuerint (9) bona. Nich capiat1* decefio noil vel occSne [maletote10] de sacco lane. Yolum9 (n) & concedimus p nobis & hed nostris qd omnes ctici & laici de regno nostro fteant omnes leges & lifctates & liftas cons suas, ita libere & integr sicut eas aliq° tepe melius & plenius here consue9nt; & si con*- [eas vel eag quocuq* articto12] in pseni Carta content statuta fuerint edita p nos [&18] anlec nros vel consuetudines

I de cetero H.

imponatur H; MS. Cott.

8 communi H.

4 et aliorum Prelatorum H. — Abbatu, Prioru, MS. Cott.

6 com B. 8 in H.

7 lan&s H.

8 cujuscunque M: MS. Cott.

9 hujusmodi H.

10 maletoute MS. Ratal; B. — malm toltse H.

II eciam H.

18 illas vel quemeunque articulum H.

13 vel per H.

In the printed copies of the statutes, this is intituled, ' St&tutum de Tallagio non concedendo and in the translations 1A Statute concerning certain liberties granted by the King to his CommonsIn MS. Cott XXV. fo. 7,* Nova addicio CartarumIn the Chronicle of Walter de Hemingibrd, printed by Hearne (Oxford 1731, pa. 141) 'Afticuli insert! in Magna Carta.' See Blackstone's Charters, Introd. pa. lxv. (4to edit) note h. The various readings marked MS. Bawl, are from the Rawlinson Manuscript 276; those marked H. are from the copy in Hemingford's Chronicle, wherewith agrees Knighton's Chronicle; and those marked B. are from ' Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum' printed by Berthelet in 1532. In some printed copies of the statutes, and in 2 Inst. 582, this statute is attributed to the 34th year of King Edward I.

25 Edward I. Stat. de Taltag

97

[intoductae,1] volumus & concedimus qd hu9i con3 & statata vacua & nulla sint imppetuu. Remisim9 eciara Hum-frid de Bou Comiti Hereford (I 2 *) Constabular Angt, & Rogo Bigot Com Norff (*) Mares8°att Angt, & aliis Comil, Baf, Milil, Armigis, & J. de Ferreres ac omnibj aliis de eog societate confederacoe & concordia existent, necn5 & omnib3 [xl. fi4 *] tre tenentibus in regno nostro, sive de nobis [teneant] in capite sive de alio quocumq*, () ad ttoisfretand nobiscu in Flandr 8to die [vocatis,7 8] rancorem () & malam voluntate [qam ex causis sup*d8is eiga [nos] huim9,10] ac E ttoisgressiones si quas nobis vel nostris feSint, usq> ad psent carte confeccom: & ad majore huj9 rei securitatem volum9 & concedim9 [& hedes nost*u] qd omnes Archiepi, (") Epi, (1S) imppetuu in suis cathedralib3 ecciis [hitantib3 present carta lecta,14] excoicent [& puplice15] in singulis poch ecciis suag dioc excoicare seu excoieatos denunciare (*) bis in anno omnes [illos17] qui con* tenore psentis Carte vim & effcm, [quoquo m° arte vt ingenio scienter feSint aut fieri

I introductae H; B: MS. Cott.

7 A Essex MSS. Bawl. 3? Cott: H: B.

7 et Suff MS. Bawl: B.

r viginti ti 'MSS. Bawl. S? Colt. — xxu libratas H.

I viginti libratas B.

6 H; MS. Cott. omit. 6 qui H.

7 notato vocati fuerunt A non vene-runt H.

8 nostrum H.

eoe H. — vos MS. Cott.

10 erga nos habitam B.

II Ac. MS. Cott: B. omits. — pro nobis

A heredibus nostris H.

11 et H. B. w Angli R.

14 habita presenti carta A lecta, JET.

14 publics et H. 16 faciant H.

17 H. omits.

charter, we will and grant, that such manner of statutes and customs shall be void and frustrate for evermore. Moreover, we have pardoned Humfrey Bohun Earl of Hereford and Essex, Constable of England, Roger (}) Earl of Norfolk and Suffolk, Marshal of England, and other earls, barons, knights, esquires, and namely John de Ferariis, with all other being of their fellowship, confederacy, and bond, and also to all other that hold xx. pound land in our realm, whether they hold of us in chief, or of other, that were appointed at a day certain to pass over with us into Flanders, the rancour and evil-will [born against us,2] and all other offences (*) that they have done against us (4) unto the making of this present charter: And for the more assurance of this thing, we will and grant, (*) that all archbishops and bishops for ever [shall read this present charter in their cathedral churches twice in the year, and upon the reading thereof in every of their parish churches, shall openly denounce accursed6] all those that willingly do Q procure to be done any thing contrary to the tenor, force, and effect of this present charter in

1 Bigot

3 which for the aforesaid causes we conceived against them

if any 4 or ours

6 for ourselves and our heirsf

6 in their cathedral churchest this present charter being first ready shall excommunicate, and publicly in the several parish churches of their dioceses, shall cause to be excommunicated, or to be declared excommunicated twice in the year,

7 or

y.

Pardon granted to certain offenders.

VL

Excommunication shall be pronounced against the breakers of this charter.

98

25 Edwabd I. Stat. de

A.D. 1297.

any point and article. In -witness of which thing we have set our seal to this present charter, together with the seals of the archbishops, bishops, [&c.x] which voluntarily have sworn that, as much as in them is, they shall observe the tenor of this present charter in all causes and articles, and shall extend their faithful aid to the keeping thereof: &c.

1 earls, barons, and others

gcura^int.1] In cujus rei testimoniu presents Carte sigitt nfm est append unacum sigillis Archiepojt, Epojr, (*) Com, Baronu, & alioru qui sponte juraVint qd tenorem psenl Carte, [qm 8] in eis est, in omnibj [cau-sis4] & singulis artictis [servabnt,5] & ad () obDvaoom (J) auxiliu fidele pstabunt [&c] ().

rquocunque articulo scienter fecerint aut fieri procuraverint quoquo-modo H.

quoquom0 vel articlo scienter fecerint L aut fieri procura9int MS. Cott: B. 1 Abbatu, MS. Cott. 8 quatenus JET. 4 casibus MS. Cott. — H. omits.

6 observabunt H. 6 ejus H.

7 consilium suum et H.

8 in perpetuum, H.

9 Et onmia ista secant' in Magna Carta & Carta de Forests MS. Cott.

27 EDWARD I. A.D. 1299.

Jptatutmn tie dfmtima fcebatte.

The STATUTE of FINES LEVIED

Til DWARD, by the grace of God, King of England, Lord of Ireland and Duke of Guyan, to the Sheriff of Lancaster greeting. faJ ... And besides the making of our grant of the premises, as it is expressed above, we have upon diligent meditation thought of certain defects in the law, manifold grievances and oppres-

Ex Rot Stat. in Turr. Land.

m. 37.

"pi DWARDUS dei gfa Rex Angt Dns Hifcn & Dux Aquitann Vioe-comiti Lancastr sattm. W . . . Et pS concession^ nfam fcam sicut supius expimitr de pmissis, diligenti medita-cione pensavim9 quosdam juris defeus, multimoda gftvamina, & oppressionee.

# These titles are from the printed copies: no title appears on the rolL — Among the Cottonian manuscripts in the British Museum, Cotton Charters VII, 11, is preserved an exemplification of this statute under the great seal, directed to the sheriffs of London, and marked " Examinat? $ Civ. London." — The various readings from this exemplification are marked L.

|a What is here omitted comprises the enacting part preceding c. 1., rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863, and the preamble and other matter connected with that part}

A.D. 1299.

27 Edward I. Stat. de Fwibus.

99

que pluribj aliis modis pfato populo sunt illata temporibj retroactis; & volum^ sup illis que nob occurebant ad psens, ad alleviacionem & comodi-tatem ejusdem populi, p legis Stitudine stabilire & remediu appofie in hunc mod uni.

Quia Vicecx>mites & alii temporib3 retroactis latrones notorios & manifestos, & p raorte hois & aliis feloniis [capto1] & impteonatos & qui non [repleg2] p plevinam dimiserunt, cont* formam statuti nn, de hiis qui sunt irreplegiabiles & qui non, nup editi, p quod ipi malefcores [irrepleg8] sic replegiati, ad eo£ deliberacoem falso faciendam, juratores patte p so & ami cos suos, ante adyentu Justic itiSanciu, aut aliog, ad eo£ deliberacoem assignatog pcurant & subomant, aliisq^ minant*, p quod tam pp? metum vicecomitu & alio£, p talem plevinam illos dimitteneiu, q* timorem eojdem latronu, seu felonu sic liberator coram Justic ad gaolas deliberandas assig-natis homicidia & latrocinia suffocant1', & ipa sic concelata penitus remanent impunita: Nos p utilitate regni nri, & pace nra firmius observanda, sta-tuim9 & ordinavim9, qd Justic ad assTas capiend assignati, in singiis Com ubi capiut asslas put ordinant* statim post asslas captas in eisdem Com, re-maneant ambo si laici fQint, Et si unus ipo£ fiiit cticus, tuc associato illi Justic qui laicus est uno de discrecio-ril>3 inilitibj Comitatus illius, p bre nrm delifeent gaolas in Com illis, tam infra lifctates q* ext^, de pfconibj qui-

1 captos L. 3 sut replegiabiles L.

1 irreplegiabiles Z.

sions, which in many other ways have been brought upon the people aforesaid in times past: And we are willing, upon those which occur to us at present, towards the relief and benefit of the same people, for the certainty of the law, to establish and set a remedy in manner following.



Forasmuch as sheriffs and others ILL heretofore have let out by replevin ^haUbe common felons, and openly defamed also justices of being taken and imprisoned for mur- ? der and [felony,1] and such as be not Westm. l. replevisable, contrary to the form of chap'15'^ our statute of persons replevisable and not replevisable lately made; whereby such transgressors not replevisable [be let out, and to deliver them *] deceitfully, before the coming of the justices errant, or other assigned for their deliverance, [they procure8]'by themselves and by their friends jurors of the country, and some they threat, whereby as well for fear of the sheriff, and other that let them at large by plevin, as for fear of the thieves (4) being so delivered, before the justices assigned for gaol deliveries such felonies and murthers are concealed, and so being concealed, remain still unpunished: We, for the utility of our realm, and for the more assured conservation of our peace, have provided and ordained, that justices assigned to take assises in every county where they do take assises, as they be appointed, incontinent after the assises taken, in the shires, shall remain both together, if they be lay; and if one of them be a clerk, then one of the most discreet knights of the shire being associate to him that is a layman, by our writ shall deliver the gaols of * the shires, as well within liberties as without, of all manner of prisoners,

1 other felonies,

2 being so replevied, to effect their deliverance

3 do procure and suborn 4 or felons


100

27 Edward I. Stat. de Finibue.

A.D. 1299.

after the form of the gaol deliveries of Such justices those shires before time used. And

sh^offoid- the same justices shall inquire then, if

Stot^estm l s^ier^3 or any other have let out by replevin prisoners not replevisable, or have offended in any thing contrary to the form of the foresaid Statute lately made at Westminster; and whom they shall find guilty, they shall chasten and punish in all things according to the form of the statute aforesaid.

IV- Also where we have provided, that

Nisi prim* shall . , .

be granted none shall be impanelled any where

tiSej^igeaof out t^e shire where he is dwelling, the wHtisfhere *n reco?n^zances> enquests, and juries, commenced. that have less than an hundred shillings of land [or rent,] whereby (*) they (*) that have more lands, by [too often appearing *] as well in our Exchequer, as before our justices of either bench, are much impoverished: We therefore, considering the intolerable damage of our people, not only for the discharge of such jurors, but also for the more speedy ministration of justice to all parties suing in our court, have provided and ordained, that enquests and recognisances determinable before justices of either bench, from henceforth shall be taken in time of vacation, before any of the justices before whom the plea is brought, [being associate with4] one knight of the same shire where such enquests shall pass, unless it be an enquest that requireth great examination: and so from henceforth in taking such enquests, the justices shall do as to them shall seem most expedient for the common utility of our ^We9tm!*9 realm, notwithstanding the Statute

chap. SO. j i M well 2 those

3 too frequent summonses

4 there being associate with him

buscumq sedm form4 deliberacionis gaole Com illo£ hactenus usitatara. Et iidem Justic tunc inquirant, qui vicecomites & alii p'sones aliquos irreplegiabiles p plevinam dimiserunt, vel in aliquo cont* formam statuti pdei nup apud Westm editi delique-runt; et quos inde culpabiles invefiint, ipos in omib3 sedm formam statuti pdei puniant, & castigent.

Item cum statQim9 qd nullus ponatr alicubi ext* Com in inquisicoibj, re-cognicoib3 & juratis aliquibj, qui min9 q* centum solidatas he heat, p quod tam ipi qa plus ?re hentes pp? fre* quentes, tam ad Sc^m q4 coram Justic de utroq Banco, sumonicoes depau-pantr: Nos tantam intollerabilem

populi nri jacturam adVtentes, non solu ad eogdem juratog exofiacoem, set ecia ad celerem ptib3 in Cur nra pla-citantib3 justiciam exhibendam, sta-tuira9 & ordinavim9, qd inquisicoes & recognicoes, coram Justic de utroq* Banco dece?o adjudicande, capiantr tempore vacacois coram aliquo Justic eogdem, coram quib3 placitu deductu fQit, associato illi uno milite Com illius, ubi tales inquisicoes efiserint, nisi fuit inquisicio magna indigens examinaSSe: et sic in hujusmodi inquisicoib3 ca-piendis dece?o fiat put Justic ad utilitatem regni nri potius esse viderint faciendu; non obstante statuto nup

27 Edward I. Stat. d0 Finibus.

101

apud Weetm sup inquisicoibj capiend edito, continent© qd si omissa forma is statuto illo ordinata, alique inqui-sicoes capiant*, p nullis penit9 beanie.

Et ideo tibi pciphn9 firmi? injun-gentes qd statim & sine ditone aliqua fag legi & publican, in Civitatib3 Burgis, villis ficatoriis & locis aJiis solempnibj, p totam ballivam tuam, ubi melius videris expedire, omes artictos supMcos ut illos quos con-cessim9, ac teneri volum9, & firmit observari in forma pdca integre & inconcusse; ac omia & singula sup*-sc*pta omib3scire fac indilate. [T. fy *] apud Westm scdo die Aprit (*).

1 Teste me i|to L.

2 Anno regni nri vicesimo septimo. L.

lately made at Westminster upon the taking of such enquests, containing, that if any enquests be taken contrary to the form of the said statute, they should be of none effect.

And therefore we command you, firmly enjoining, that immediately and without any delay, you do cause to be read and published, in cities, boroughs, market towns, and other solemn places through your whole bailiwick, where it shall seem most expedient to you, all the aforesaid articles, as those which wo have granted and will to be holden and firmly observed in form aforesaid wholly and unshakenly; and that all and singular the above written things you do cause to be made known to all persons without delay. Witness the King at Westminster, the second day of ApriL

Ordinatio de Libebtatibus Pebquieendis.*

Ex Rot. Claus. 27 Eckv. I. m. 14. d. pRrge. jplAIT asavoir qe le Hois ordena a Westmonster le primer jour Davril, ban de son regne Tint e sep-tisme q ceux qui vouderont purchacer noveal Park, & gentz de Religioun qui vouderont he ou tenement amortir, eient bref de la Cbancelerie, pur en-quere selonc les pointz acustumez en tieux ehoses: e ke les enquestes de 1 be ou de tenement, qui vaOle par an pins de vint souz p extente, soient . retournees al Escheker, e la se face la fyn par la mortieement ou pur ie

An Ordinance of Purchasing Liberties*

TT is to be known, that the King Writ* of ordained at Westminster the first day of April the seven and twentieth las*, year of his reign, that such as would purchase a new park, and men of religion that would amortize lauds or tenements, should have writs out of the Chancery to enquire upon the points accustomed in [all1] things; and that enquests of lands or tenements that be worth yearly more than twenty shillings, that is to wit, by extent, be returned into the Exchequer, and there to make fine for HscttWt* the amortisements, or for the park *'

1 *acii

These tides ace fnm the old foisted cepes. Is BertheK# See*ada Ptn fltsQdewmm

1532. a cflfr of flea 'in — u mi 1tan wfrtct tea te H-M fftmUtd vtyn, flrtfiH *

term A tea* — ft rml r, .*

102

27 Edward I. Ordin. de Lib. Per.

A.D. 1299.

II.

Purchasing lands holden in chief.

III. Purchasing protections, or making general attor-nies.

IV. Purchasing of liberties, &c.

V.

Attornies of sick persons, &c.

having, if the enquests do pass for him that purchased them: And after it shall be certified unto the chancellor or his deputy, (*) that he take a reasonable fine therefore, () and after make delivery.

In like manner they shall do, that will purchase lands, or tenements holden of the King in chief.

Also people dwelling beyond the sea, that have lands, [tenements,] or rents in England, if they will purchase letters of protection, or will make general attorneys, they shall be sent unto the Exchequer, and there shall make their fines, and from thence [shall be sent *] unto the chancellor or his deputy, for that which he ought to do therein.

In like manner they shall do, that will purchase any fair, market, warren, or any other liberty. Also such as will purchase attermining of their debts shall be sent into the Exchequer.

Also, such as be not able to travel, and people that dwell in far countries from the Chancery, which plead or be impleaded, shall have a writ out of the Chancery to some sufficient man, that shall receive their attorneys when need is.

And for a remembrance of these things, there is an indenture made, divided into three parts, whereof one part remaineth in the Chancery, another in the Exchequer, and the third in the Wardrobe.

1 what he shall do therein; and of inquests made to amortize land or tenement which shall not amount by the year beyond twenty skillings by extent, and from twenty shillings downwards, the King willeth that returns of these be made to the chancellor or to his deputy, and

z according to the quantity of the thing,

3 it shall be certified

Park avoir, si les Enquestes overent pur ceux qui les purchaoent: E dilueques soit maunde au Chaunceler ou a son lieu tenant ceo quil endevera faire. E des enquestes faites pur amortir tre ou tenement, qui namoun-tera p an outre vint fcouz p extente, & de vint souz en aual, veut le Roi q celes soient retoumees au Chaunceler, ou a son lieu tenaunt, e quil preigne sur ceo renable fyn, selonc la qantite de la chose, & puis les delivre. IT En meme la manere soit fait de ceux qui vouderont purchaser terres ou tene-mentz, qui sont tenuz du Roi en chef f Item gentz demorauntz la outre qui ont ?re ou rente en EngleSre, edl voillent purchacer lettres de pteccion, ou de generals attometz, soient en-voietz al Escheker & la facent leur fyn, E dilueques soit maunde au Chaunceller, oua son lieu tenaunt ceo qil endevera f^ire. f En meisme la manere soit fait de ceux qui vouderont purchacer feire, marche, garenne, ou autre fanchise. IT Item ceux qui vouderont purchacer atfcninement de leur dettes, soient envoietz al Escheker. f Item gentz de noun poer a t*vailler, & gentz des Countez Lointeins de la Chauncelerie, qui pledent, ou sont empledetz, eient bref de la Chauncelerie, a aucun suffisant home qui receive les afctomez, q*nt meatier est. f E pur remembrance de ces choses, est cete endenture faite en treis pties, dont la une demort en Chauncelerie. Lautre en Eschekier, & la tierce en Garderobe.

i

L

28 EDWARD I. A.D. 1800.

A.D. 1300.

103

arrtrali tfiipn: Cartas.

ARTICLES upon THE CHARTERS.*

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Twrr.

Loud, m* 35.

JpUR ceo q les poyntz de la grant Chartre des Franchises & la Chartre de la Forest, les qnieus le Roy Henri, pere le Roi q ore est granta a soen poeple pur le pru de soen Roiaume, ne unt pas este tenuz ne gardez avant ces heures, pur ceo q peyne ne fust avant establie en les trespassours contre les poyntz des chartres avantdites; nostre seigneur le Soi les ad de novel grante, reno-vele, e oonferme; Et a la requeste des plats Contes & Barouns, en soen par-lement a West monster, en quaremme lan de soen regne vynt & utisme, ad Steine fourme & peyne ordene e establi, encontre tuz iceaus q contre les poyntz des avantdites chartres, ou nul poynt de eles, en nul manere ven-dront, en la fourme qe sensuit: *##

De lestat du Seneschal & des Mar-chals, & des plez q eus deivent tenir & coment, ordene est q desormes ne tiegnent plai de franc tenement, ne de dette, ne de covenant, ne de contract

T^ORASMUCH as the articles of the great Charter of Liberties, and of the Charter of the Forest, the which

King Henry, father of the King that now is, granted to his people, for the weal of his realm, have not been heretofore observed ne kept, because there was no punishment [executed upon *] them which offended against the points of the charters before mentioned; our lord the King hath again granted, renewed, and confirmed them, (*) at the request of his prelates, earls, and barons, assembled in his Parliament holden at Westminster, (*) the eight and twentieth year of his reign, [and hath ordained, enacted, and established certain arti-

cles4] against all them that offend contrary to the points of the said charters, or any part of them, [or that in anywise transgress them,] in the form that ensueth:

Concerning the authority of [stewards6] and marshals, and of such pleas as they may hold, and in what manner, it is ordained, that from henceforth they shall not hold plea of freehold, neither of debt nor of covenant, nor of any contract made be-

1 established for 1 and 3 in Lent

4 hath ordained and established a certain form and punishment

5 in any wise, 6 the steward

These titles are from the printed copies; no title appears upon the roll. In the archives of Durham Cathedral is preserved an exemplification of this statute, which agrees with the entry on the Statute Roll

in.

Of what things only the steward and marshal of the King's house shall hold plea.

What coroners shall inquire of the death of a man slain within the verge.

104 28 Edward I.

tween [the King s*] people, but only of trespass done within the house, and of other trespasses done within the verge, and of contracts and covenants that one of the King's house shall have made with another of the same house, and in the same house, and none other where. And they shall plead no plea of trespass, other than that which shall be attached by them before the King depart from the verge where the trespass shall be committed; and shall plead them speedily from day to day, so that they may be pleaded and determined before that the King depart out of the limits of the same verge where the trespass was done. And if it so be that they cannot be determined within the limits of the same verge, then shall the same pleas cease before the steward, and the plaintiffs shall have recourse to the common law. And from henceforth the steward shall not take cognisance of debts nor of other things, but of people of the same house, nor shall hold none other plea by obligation made at the distress of the steward and of the marshals. And if the steward or marshals do any thing contrary to this ordinance, it shall be bolden as void. And forasmuch as heretofore many felonies committed within the verge have been unpunished, because the coroners of the country have not been authorized to enquire of such manuer of felonies done within the verge, but the coroner of the Kong's house, which never continueth in one place, by reason whereof there can be no trial made in due manner, nor the felons put in exigent, nor outlawed, nor any thing (*) presented in the circuit, the which hath been to the great damage of the King, and nothing to 1

1 common - thereof

Artie, sup. Cart AJX 1300.

des gentz du pueple fors tantsulement des trespas de lostel, & autres trespass faitz dedenz la verge, & de contractz, & covenantz q ascun de lostel le Roi a9a fait a autre de meisme lostel, A en meisme lostel, & ne mie aillours. E nul plai de trespas ne pledront, autre q ne soit attache p eus avant ceo q le Roi isse hors de la verge ou le trespas §ra fait, & les pledera hastive-ment de jour en jour, issint qil soient parpledez & ?mines, avant ceo q le Roi isse hors des bundes de cele verge ou le trespas fut fait. E si p cas dedenz les bundes de cele verge ne poent estre ?mines, cessent ceus plais devant le Seneschal & soient les pleintifs a la comue lei. Ne desoremes ne preigne le Seneschal conisances des dettes, ne dautre chose, fors q des gentz del lostel avantdit; Ne nul autre plai ne tiegnent p obligacion faite a la destresce du Seneschal & des Mareschaus. E si le Seneschal, ou les Mareschaus, rien facent countre cest ordenement soit leur fet tenu pur nul. E pur ceo q devant ces houres moutz des felonies, fetes dedenz la verge, unt este despunies, pur ceo q les Coroners des pais ne se sont pas entremis den-querre de tieus maneres des felonies, dedenz la verge, mes le Corofi de lostel le Roy, qui est passant, de qui issue ne ad mie este fete en due manere, ne les felons mis en exigendes, ne utlaghes, ne rien de ceo psente en I Eire, q ad este a grant damage du Roi

A-I). 1300.

28 Edward I. Artie, atfp. Cart

105

& a meins bone garde de sa pees; Ordene est q desoremes en cas de mort de home, ou office de C!oroner apent, as vewes & enquestes de ceo fere, soit mande le Coroner du pais qi ensem-blement ove le Coroner del hostel face loffice q i apent, & le mette en roulle. E ceo q ne porra mie devant le Seneschal estre (mine, p ceo q les felons ne i porront estre attachetz, ou p autre encheson, demoerge a la coraune lei, issint q les exigendes utlagheries & psentementz en Eire soient de ceo fetz p le Coroner du pais, ausint come des autres felonies fetes dehors la verge, lies pur ceo ne soit lease q les attache-mentz ne soient fetz freschement sur

les felonies faites.

Desutz le petit seal ne isse desoremes nul bref q touche la comune lei


En droit des Conspiratours, faus enfourmours, & mauveis gcureours des duzeines, enquestes, assises, & jurees, le Roi ad ordene remedie as pleintifs par bref de Chancelerie; & ja dumeins voet, q ses Justices de lun banc & de lautre, & Justices as assises prendre assignee, q"nt il viegnent en pais a fere leur office, de ceo facent leur enquestes a cheBCuny pleinte, santz bref, & santz delai, & facent droit as pleintifs.

Derechief, pur ceo q le Roi avoit avant ordiue par estatut cj nul de ses Ministres ne preist nul plai a chain-

the good preservation of his peace; it is ordained, that from henceforth in cases of the death of men, whereof the coroner's office is to make view and enquest, it shall be commanded to the coroner of the country, that he, with the coroner of the [King's] house, shall do as belongeth to his office, and inroll it. And that thing that cannot be determined before the steward [where *] the felons cannot be attached (*) or for other like cause, shall be remitted to the common law, so that exigents, outlawries, and presentments, shall be made thereupon in eyre by the coroner of the country, as well as of other felonies done out of the verge: Nevertheless they shall not omit, by reason hereof, to make attachments freshly upon the felonies done.

There shall no writ from hence- yj forth, that toucheth the common law,

law writ under

go forth under [any of the petty the petty seal.

seals.5]

In right of conspirators, false in- x. formers, and evil procurers of dozens, assises, inquests and juries, the King and

hath provided remedy for the plaintiffs procurer* of by a writ out of the Chancery; and ^urie§' notwithstanding, he willeth that his justices of the one bench and of the other, and justices assigned to take assises, when they come into the country to do their office, shall upon every plaint made unto them, award inquests thereupon without writ, and shall do right unto the plaintiffs without delay. XL

And further, because the King hath Champerty

o prohibited.

heretofore ordained by statute, that none of his ministers shall take no

1 because

there

the petty seal

106

AJX 1300.

Forfeiture

thereon.

XII. Distresses for the King's debt

28 Edward I.

plea [for maintenance,1] by which statute [other officers *] were not bounden before this time; the King will, that no officer nor any other, for to have part of the thing in plea, shall not take upon him the business that is in suit; nor none upon any such covenant shall give up his right to another; and if any do, and he be attainted thereof, the taker shall forfeit unto the King so much of his lands and goods as doth amount to the value of the part that he hath purchased [for such maintenance.8] And [for this atteindre,4] whosoever will, shall be received to sue for the King before the justices, before whom the plea hangeth, and the judgement shall be given by them. But it may not be understood hereby, that any person shall be prohibit to have counsel of pleaders, or of learned men in the law for his fee, or of his parents and next friends.

From henceforth the King will, that such distresses as are to be taken for his debts shall not be made upon beasts of the plough, so long as a man may find any other, [upon the same pain that is elsewhere ordained by statute,5] &c. And he will not that over-great distresses shall be taken for his debts, nor driven too far; and if the debtor can find able and convenient surety until a day before the day limited to the sheriff, within which a man may purchase remedy [to6] agree for the demand, the distress shall be released in the mean time; and he that otherwise doth, shall be grievously punished.

1 to champertie, 2 Others than officers

3 by such taking upon him.

4 to attaint him thereof,

5 according to that which is ordained elsewhere by statute, with the same pain,

8 nr

Artie, mp. Cwi.

part, & p cel estatut autres q Minis-tres ne estoient pas avant oes houres a ceo lieez, voet le Roi, q nul Minis-tre, ne nul autre, pur part aver de chose q est en plai, enpreigne les busoignes q sont en plai; Ne nul sur tieu covenant soen droit ne lesse a autri; E si nul le fet, & de ceo soit atteint, soit forfet & encoru devers le Roi, des biens ou de Sres lempnour, la value dautant come sa ptie de son purchaz p tele enprise amontera. E a ceo atteindre soit resceu celui qui suire vodra pur le Roi, devant les Justices devant quieus le plai avera este, & p eus soit le agard fet Mes en ceo cas ne est mie a entendre q home ne puet aver consail de Contours, & des sages gentz, p* du soen donant, ne de ses parentz & ses pcheins.

Derechief voet le Roi q destresces, q sont a fere pur sa dette, ne soient fetz p bestes des carues, tant come horn puet autre trover, solunc ceo q ordene est aillours p estatut, ove la peine &c. E ne voet q trop grive destresce soit prise pur sa dette, ne trop loinz mene, & si le dettour pusse trover suffissaunte & covenable seurte, jesques a un jour deinz le jour le visconte, dedenz le quel home en-pusse purchaser remedie ou fere gre de la demande, soit la destresce relessee endementers. E qui autrement fra soit grevement puny.

A.D. 1300.

28 Edward I. Artie, mp. Cart.

107

E pur ceo q le Roi ad grante la

esleccion do Visconte a eus des Contez,

voet le Roi qil eslisent tieu Visconte

q ne les charge mie, ne ne mette nul

ministre en baillie pur lower ne p*

doun, & tieus q ne se herbergent mie

trop sovent en un lieu, ne sur les

po?es, ne sur les Religious.



Soit fet de eus q font faus retoums au mandement le Roi, p quei dreiture est delaie, ausi come ordene est en le secund est&tut de Westm, ove la peine.

Derechief la ou lesehetour ou le visconte seisist en la mein le Roi autri tres, la ou il nad reson de seisir, epuisqant trove est lanonreson, les issues du meen temps unt este cea en arere retenuz, & ne mie renduz qant le Roi ad la mein oste, voet le Roi q desoremes la ou terres sont issint seisies, & puis la mein oste p ceo qil nad reson de seisir ne detenir, soient les issues pleinement rendues a celui a qui la ?re demoert, & a9a le damage receu.

. . . . p] En totes les choses desusdites, e chescune de eles, voet le Roi, e entent il, & soen consail & touz ceus qui a cest ordenement furent, q

XVL False returns. [See Stat. Westm. 2. ch. 39.]

And forasmuch as the King hath Xin. granted the election of sheriffs to the to^chSen1* commons of the shire; the Bang will sheriffs, that they shall chuse such sheriffs that shall not charge them, [and that they shall not put any officer in authority1] for rewards or bribes; and such as shall not lodge too oft in one place, nor with poor persons, or men of religion, *

That shall be done with them that make false returns, (2) whereby right is deferred, as it is ordained in the Second Statute of Westminster, with like pain.



[From henceforth,3] where the es- XIX. cheator or the sheriff [shall seize4] other men's lands into the King's land U seised hands where there is no cause of ^t^ntwwe, seiser, and after, when it is found no cause, the profits taken in the mean time have been still retained, and not restored, when the King hath removed his hand; the King will, that if hereafter any lands be so seised, and after [it be removed out of his hands5] by reason that he hath no cause to seize nor to hold it, the issues shall be fully restored to him to whom the land ought to remain, and which hath sustained the damage.

.... ja] [And notwithstanding6] all these things before mentioned, or any point of them, both the prerogative King and his council, and all they that were present at the making of this ordinance, will and intend that the right and prerogative of his crown shall be saved to him in all things.

xx

Saving of the

le droit, & la Seigmuie de sa Coroune savez lui soient par tout.

1 nor appoint any officer tn their bailiwicks

3 to the command of the King, 3 Moreover

4 seiseth * his hand be removed 6 In

J* See the repeal of c. 20. in 19 & 20 Vict. c. 64 .: This saving, although printed in tho Statutes of the Realm and in the common printed editions as apparently forming part of c. 20., is retained here as being perhaps not within the repeal.]

29 EDWARD I. A.D. 1300-1.

108

A.D. 1800-1.

Jttatutum he <£$cartorflra$.

A STATUTE fob ESCHEATOKS

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 35 d.+

A D Parliamentum Dni Regis apud Lincoln, in Octabis Sci Hillaf anno regni sui vicesimo nono, p con-siliu fy concordatum est, coram Dno Rege, ipo Rege consenciente & illud extunc fieri & observari pdpiente, [*de consilio vefiabilis patris Walti de Langeton Covent? & Lick Epi, tunc ejusdem Dni R. Thes, Johis de Langeton tunc Cane, Ro§i le Bra-bazon, Jokis de Metyngham, Radi de Hengh*m, Wiffi de Bereford, Rogi de Hegham, Gilbti de Roubir, Wiffi Haward, Wiffi de Carleton, Wiffi Inge, Jokis de Lythegreyns, Ade de Crokedayk, Wiffi de Brompton, Jokis de Drokenesford, Jokis de Benstede, Wiffi de Mortuo Mari, Wal?i de Glouc tunc Esc cit* Trentam,1] videlt:

1 Rot. Part (f Vetus Codex, omit these names. Old printed copies read as follows:

De consilio venerabilis patris W. de Langeton Coventr & Lick epi tunc ejusd regis thesaur Joannis de Langeton Can-cellar & aliorum de consilio tunc ibidem presentium & coram Rege;

These titles are from the printed copies, and translations; no title appears on the

Statute Roll.

t There are two entries of this act on the back of the roll here cited: the first being crossed through, and the words " Vacat quia ali? inferi* & 9 " written in the margin. The first entry is erroneous, by a material omission. See note J1 .J of the various readings Jp. 110J. This act is also enrolled in a Roll of the Parliaments 26, 28, 29, 30 Edw. I., in the

Chapter House at Westminster; m. 1 d. sub An. 2 9; and likewise in the Vetus Codex,

in the Tower of London, fo. 94. b. In the margin of both, is written " D* iris cap! in manu dni Reg p diem clausit extmu." On the Close Roll 29 Edw. I. m. 13 d. this Act is enrolled with the following title in the margin, " Quedam Ordinacio fSa p

& Cons suu sup inquisieftib^ retornand in Cancellar." This inrollment agrees exactly

with that on the Statute Roll from which the text is printed. From the original bill

or act now remaining in the Tower, it appears that the act was first made to extend

only to inquisitions on writs of diem clausit extremum, and afterwards altered so as to extend to inquisitions on any writs.

Concerning At the Parliament of our lord the lands taken f\

into the King's King at Lincoln, in the utas of

hands.

Saint Hilary, the twenty-ninth year of his reign, by his council it was agreed, [and also commanded by the King himself, that from thence it should be observed and done*] according to the advice of the Reverend Father W. Langton, the Bishop of Coventry and Litchfield, and treasurer to the King, John Langton then being chancellor, [and other of the council there present before the King;*] that

1 before our lord the King, the King himself consenting and commanding that this from thenceforth should be done and observed,

Roger de Brabazon, John de Metyngham, Ralph de Hengham, William de Bereford, Roger de Hegham, Gilbert de Roubery, William Haward, William de Carleton, William Inge, John de Lythegreyns, Adam dc Crokedayke, William de Brompton, John de Drokensford, John de Benstede, William Mortimer, Walter de Gloucester, then esekeator on this side the Trent; to wit\

A.D. 1300-1.

29 Edward I. Stat. de Escaet,

109

qd cum inquis p Escaetores suos capie [p (juecumq^ bria in Can-cellar ipius Dni fy fflint retomate, et p easdem inquiS compfcum f3it qd nichil teneat* de ipo Dno p quod custodia ?rag & ten, rone hupmodi inquiS in manu Dni p ipos Esc

capto£, ad ipm dnm [ullo2] modo

ptineat, qd statim & absq* ditone aliqua mandetr p b?e Dni ty p Cane pcipiend, qd Esc de ?ris & ten, sic in manu p ipos captis, manu suam amoveant omio, et exitus si quos levant de ipis Sris et ten sic in manu p ipos captis, de tempo quo Yre & ten (*) in manu fy exti?int, integre reddant ipi vel ipis, cui vel quibj, p inquis pius per eosdem Esc captas comptum fflit, qd ?re & ten ilia de-beant reraanere; salvo semp dno qd si postq* Esc sui manus amount, p bfe ipius dni Tfy ut pdem est, aliquid contigerit inveniri in Cane, vel ad Sc*cm, seu alibi in Cu? IJ, p quod custodia ?ray & ten eosdem, de quib3 Esc manus suas amount in forma petea, duo ptineat, qd statim pmu-niatr ille in cuj9 seis ten pdea fflint, p bre de Cane qd sit ad Stum diem coram duo ubicumq^ fflit &c. ostenS si quid p se habeat, vel difle sciat, quare dns custodiam eosdem ten habere non debeat, juxta formam evident iap seu memorando^ p ipo coinptoEt si venlit et p se osten-

1 auctHe bris quod dr Diem clausit extremu,

nullo 3 ilia

}Rot. Pari: Vet. Cod.

where inquests taken by his es-cheators, by any of the King's writs [purchased out of the Chancery being returned,1] and it be found by such inquests, that nothing is holden of the King [whereby the King ought *] to have the custody of such lands and tenements by reason of [the8] inquests taken (4) by his escheators, that immediately and without any delay the escheators shall be commanded by the Kings writ had out of the Chancery, to put from their hands all the lands and tenements so (5) taken into the Kings possession; and if they have taken any profits of such lands and tenements so taken into the King's hands by them, from the time that such lands and tenements fell into the King's hands, they shall make full restitution to him or them, for whom it was found by inquests () taken by the same escheators, that such lands (J) ought to remain; saving alway to the King, in case that after such time as his escheators have discharged their hands by force of the King's writ, as before is said, if any thing happen to be found in the Chancery or the Exchequer, or in any other of the King's courts, whereby the custody of such lands, (7) whereof the escheators have discharged their hands in form aforesaid, should belong unto the King, that immediately he in whose possession such lands happen to be, shall be summoned by a writ out of the Chancery, to be before the King at a certain day wheresoever, &c. to shew if he can say any thing, wherefore the King ought not to have the custody of such lands, according to the form of the evidences or remembrances found for the King; and if he come in, and shew why the custody of such

1 shall have been returned into the Chancery

2 in any way 8 such

4 into his hands 8 by them,

6 before 7 and, tenements

If no title be found for the King on inquest, the lands shall be restored, with the issues.

Saving of the King's right of reseiser after scire facias to the terre-tenant.

29 Edwabd 1. Esoaet.

A.D. 1300-1.

On reseiser the King shall have all the issues from the time of the first leisure.

lands do not belong, or ought not to belong unto the King, but that it ought to remain to himself, he shall go quit, and retain the custody; but if the party 'warned doth not come, or if that he come, and can shew nothing to put the King from the custody, the lands and tenements shall be forthwith reseised into the King's handB, to be kept in name of wardship until the lawful age of [such heirs, as before is said:*] And, as it is said before, if it be found by inquests taken by the escheators, and returned, that the custody of the same lands and tenements contained in the inquest, and seised into the King's hands, ought not to remain unto the King, then the [escheator *] shall be commanded forthwith to discharge [his8] handB thereof, and to restore the issues wholly (*); In like manner, if it be found afterward by evidences and remembrances in the Chancery, Exchequer, or otherwhere, as before is said, that our lord the King ought to have the wardship thereof, the King shall be answered for the whole issues and profits by the hands of such as held the same lands and tenements, from the time they were first taken into the King's hands by his escheators by the writs abovesaid. And this order shall be held from henceforth in the Chancery, notwithstanding a certain ordinance lately made by our lord the King, concerning lands and tenements taken into his hands by his officers, and not to be delivered but by the King himself, and as it is contained in a certain dividenda, or indenture, made between the King himself and his chancellor, whereof one part remaineth in the custody of the chancellor.

1 the heir thereof. * eecheatore

5 their 4 frc.

dat quare eadem custodia ad dnm non ptineat, aut ptinere non debeat, [immo quod sibi reman ere debeat, recedat quietus, & custodiam illam retineat; si autem pmunitus non vefiit, vel si veftit & nichil dicat quare ^ custodiam illam here no debeat,1] statim reseisient* ?re & ten ilia in manu Dni ty, n5ie custodie, tenend usq, ad legitimam etatem [heredum *] eogdem: Et sicut supius dcm est, qd si comptum fGit p inquis p Esc fcas & retomatas, qd custodia eojsdem frag & ten in inquiS contentog, & in manu ty seisitog, dno ^ remanere non debeat, qd statim mandetr [Esc *] qd manus suas amoveant & exit9 integre reddant &c. Eodem modo si poetq*m comptum fOit p evidendas & memoranda in Cane, ad Scacm aut alibi, ut pdem est, qd dns custodiam eogdem here debeat, respondeatur ipi dno de exit integre, p manus illog qui fras & ten ilia tenuerunt, a toto tempe postq* ten ilia phno in manu ipius Dni ^ p Esc suos capta fuerunt [p bfia sup*dca.4] Et iste modus ob-servet1 decefo in Cane, non obstante quadam ordinacoe nup p dnm ^ fca, de fris & ten in manu suam p minis-tros suos cap!, & no lihand, nisi p ipm dnm I£, & put continet1 in quadam dividencia inf ipm 1$ & Cane fca & cuj9 una ps penes Cane remanet.

1 Omitted in the first entry on the Tower Roll.

2 heredis 8Escaetorib3-|

4 p bre 8dSm quod drDiem I oi% * clausit extremum. /Vetut

A.D. 1305.

Ill

33 EDWARD I. A.D. 1305.

rHtrrarto He Coitaptratorify.* iai

An ORDINANCE concerning CONSPIRATORS.

Ex Veteri Codice m Turr. Loud, fo. 118 b. Be Pari. 33 Edwa/rdi, I. in Octab. B. Marne. ^ONSPIRATOURS sount ceux qui

sentre alient p Sment covenaunt ou p autre alliaunce, qe chescun eidra & sustendra aut* emp^e de fause-meut & maliciousement enditer ou iaire enditer, ou fausement aoqiter les gentz, ou feussement mover plees, ou meintenir; et auxi ceux q fount enfauntz deintz age appeler la gent de felonies p quei il sount empisonez & moult gvez; Et ceux q receivent gentz de pais a leur robes ou a leur feez, pur meintenir lour mauveis empisefl & pur verite esteindre, auxi-bien les pnours come les donours; et Seneschaux et Baillifs de gauntz Seignrs, qui p seigneurie officie ou poeir, enpnont a meintenir ou sustenir pleez ou baretz pur pties autres q celes que touchent lestat lour seignrs ou eux mesmes. Ista ordinatio &

/CONSPIRATORS be they that do ^ confeder or bind themselves by oath, covenant, or other alliance, that every of them shall aid and [bearx] the other falsly and maliciously to indite, [or cause to indite,8] or falsly to move or maintain pleas; and also such as cause children within age to appeal men of felony, whereby they are imprisoned and sore grieved; and such as retain men in the country with liveries or fees for to maintain their malicious enterprises, (8); and this extendeth as well to the takers, as to the givers; and stewards and bailiffs of great lords, which by their seignory, office, or power, undertake [to bear or maintain quarrels, pleas, or debates, that concern other parties4] than such as touch the estate of their lords or themselves. This ordinance and final definition of conspirators was made and (6) accorded by the King and his council [in his Parliament the thirty-third year of his reign.8] And it was further ordained, that justices assigned to the

finalis diffinicio Conspirator fca fuit & finali? concordata p Regem & consilium suu in hoc pliamento, &c. Et ordinatum est qd Justic assignati ad

1 sustain the enterprise of 3 or cause to be indicted, or falsely to acquit people, 3 and to drown the truth * to maintain or support pleas or quarrels for parties, other

6 finally in this Parliament, (fc.

This title is in the margin of the inrollment. In the printed copies this is entitled ' Diffinitio de Conspiratoribus. A Definition of Conspirators.'

Rep. as to so much as relates or extends to combinations or conspiracies of workmen or other persons to obtain an advance of or to fix the rate of wages, &c. &c. fc<\, 6 Geo.4. c. 129. s.2.}

Definition of conspirators.

Definition of champertors.

When the writ of indicavit shall he granted.

V

112 33 Edward I.

hearing and determining of felonies and trespasses Q) should have the transcript hereof.

Champertors be they that move pleas and suits, or cause to be moved either by their own procurement, or by others, and sue them at their proper costs, for to have part of the land in variance, or part of the gains.

1 in the several counties of England,

Chxlvn. de Conspir. A.D. 1305.

di3sas t^nsgr & felonias in singtis Com Angt audiend & fminand heant inde tanscriptu &c. (1)

1 Campi Participes sunt qui per se vel per alios placita movent vel raovere fa-ciant; et ea suis sumptibus prosequuntur, ad campi partem, vel pro parte lncri habenda. Printed copies.

34 EDWARD I. A.D. 1306.

he ronjunrttm dTcoffiatte.*

The STATUTE of JOINT-TENANTS.

Ex magrio Rot.Stat.inTurr. L ond.ra.34. f De Anno regni, &c. Tricesimo quarto.

Forasmuch also as pleas in courts spiritual heretofore had many times unmeet delays, for that our writ that is called indicavit was many times brought before the judges of such matters when they were begun, and thereupon our chief justices could not proceed lawfully, nor in due manner to award a writ of consultation upon such manner of process; it is agreed, that such a writ of indicavit shall not be granted from henceforth to any, before thematter hanging in thespiritual court between the parties be [recorded, x] and thatourchancellor shall be certified thereof by the sight and inspection of the libel. In witness of which thing [we have caused these our letters to be patent] [I myself being witness8] at Westminster. Given the seven and twentieth day of the month of May, [the four and thirtieth year of our reign.]

1 advanced to contestation 9 Witness the King

Quia etiam lites in Curia Xpiani-tatis hactenus indebitas dilones mul-totiens sorciebantur, p hoc quod fere n?m, quod vocatur Indicavit, Judicifej taliu litiu in inicio eajr delatum fuit, et sup hoc capitalis Justic nr, ad consultaSem sup tali pcessu faciendam, rite seu debito modo nequivit pcedere; concordatum est qd tale fere Indicavit alicui dece?o non concedatur, anteqam lis in Cu? Xpianitatis inter partes fSit con-testata, et qd p inspeccoem libelli Cancellarius nr sup hoc Stioret*. In cujus rei testim &a T. R. apud Westm xxvij. die Mail

These titles are from the printed copies. No title appears on the Statute Roll.

( ns )

STATUTES OF KING EDWARD THE SECOND.

7 EDWARD II. A.D. 1313.

gup* &portam'to armor'.*

A STATUTE forbidding Bearing of ARMOUR.

Ex Rot. Pat. 7 Ed. II. P. 1. m. 14. in Cedilla.

J^E Roy, au Lieutenant, le Treso-rier, & as Barons del Eschekier, Salutz. Come nadguaires devant cteines psones deputees a treter sr ascun debatz, euz, entre no9 & ascun de g*ntz de nre Roiaume, entre autres choses feust acordez, q en nre pchein plement aps, prveaunce se feist p no9 & le coman assentement des Prelatz, Contes, & Barons, q en touz plementz, tretementz, & autres assembletz, q se ferront en roiaume Denglefre a tuz jours, q home veigne santz tote force & saunz armes, bien & peisiblement al honur de ncP, & a la pays de no9 & de n?e roiaume; et ja en nfe [pchein1] plement a West in aps le ditz tretiz, les Prelatz, Contes, Barons, & la Comunalte de nre Roiaume illoeqs assemblez, eu avisement de ceste bosoigne, no9 aient dit q a no9 spent, & devons p nre roiale Seignurie, defendre [portement1 2] darmes, & tote autre force contre n?e pais, a totes

1 Old printed copies omit.

2 fortement old printed copies.

mHE King [to the justices of his The King bench,1] sendeth greeting. Whereas of late before certain persons deputed ^Parliament, to treat upon sundry debates had between us and certain great men of our realm, amongst other things it was accorded, that in our next Parliament after, provision [shall *] be made by us, and the common assent of the prelates, earls, and barons, that in all Parliaments, [treatises,8] and other assemblies, which should be made in the realm of England [for ever,4] that every man shall come without all force and (5) armour, well and peaceably, to the honour of us, and the peace of us and our realm; and now in our [next6] Parliament at Westminster, after the said treatise, the prelates, earls, barons, and the commonalty of our realm, there assembled [to take ^ advice of this business, have said, that to us it belongeth, and our part () is, through our royal seigniory, straitly to defend [force 0] of armour, and all other force against our peace, at all

1 to the lieutenant, the treasurer and the barons of the Exchequer,

2 should 3 treaties

4 atoll time, 6 without

# Old translations omit. 7 taking

1 it

wearing

This title is in the margin of the roll. In the old printed copies this is intituled " Statutum de Defensione portandi Arma and is ascribed to the seventh year of King Edward I. The English title is from the old translations.

U

7 Edward II. Stat. Arm.

A.D. 1813.

Of divers liberties granted to the clergy.

times when it shall please us, and to punish them which shall do contrary, according to [our*] laws and usages of our realm; and (2) hereunto they are bound to aid us as their sovereign lord at all seasons, when need shall be: We command you, that ye cause these things to be read afore you in the said [bench,8] and there to be enrolled. Given at Westminster, the thirtieth day of October.

1 the * that 3 Exchequer

les foiz q nous plerra, & punir ceux q contre vendront, selonc les leys & les usages de nfe roiaume; Eqace sont il tenuz de no9 aider come leur bon Seign*, totes les foiz q mester Sra; Vo9 mandons q cestes choses facetz lire devant vo9 en le dit Eschekier, & illoeqs enrouler. Don a Westm le xxx. jour Doctobf.

9 EDWARD II. A.D. 1315-16.

mmt curt

ARTICLES for The CLERGY

T1

Statute the First.

1HE King to all to whom, &c. sendeth, greeting. Understand ye, that whereas of late (*) times of our progenitors sometimes Kings of England, in divers their Parliaments, and likewise after that we had undertaken the governance of the realm, in our Parliaments, many articles containing divers grievances, committed (*) against the Church of England, the prelates and clergy, were propounded by the prelates and clerks of our realm; and further, great instance was made that convenient remedy might be provided therein: and of late in our Parliament holden at Lincoln, the ninth year of our reign, we caused the articles underwritten, with certain answers made to some of them heretofore, to be rehearsed before our council, and made certain answers to be corrected; and to the residue of the articles underwritten, answers were made by us and our council; of

1 in the * as it was therein deserted

Ex magno Bat. Stat. m Turr. \Lond. m. 34. d.

Omibj ad quos, &c. Saltm.

Sciatis qd cum dudum tempibj pgenitojj nfog quondam Regu Angt, in diesis pliamentis suis, et simili? postq»m regni nfi gubemacula sus-cepim9 in pliamentis nfis, p platos & cleru regni nfi, plures articuli con-tinentes gftvamina aliqua ecdie Angli-cane & ipis platis & dero illata, ut in eisdem asserebat* porrecti fuissent, & cu instancia supplicatu, ut inde appofietur remediu oportunu: Ac nup in pliamento nro apud Lincoln anno regni nfi nono, articulos sub-scriptos, & quasdam responsiones ad aliquos eo^ prius fcas, cora consilio nfo recitari, ac quasdam responsiones corrigi, & ce?is articulis subedptis p nos & dcm consiliu nfm fecerim9

These titles are from the old printed copies and translations: The various readings in the notes marked Rot Pat are from an entry of this statute on the Patent Roll, 10 Edw, II. P. 2. m. 34.

De diV libtatib dero

9 Edward II. Stat. 1. Articuli Cleri.

115

respoiideri; quo£ quide articuloj & responsionu tenores subsequunt* in hunc modu.

In p^mia laici impetrant phibicones in geSe sup decimis, obvencoibj, ob-lacionib3, mortuariis, redempcionib3 penitenciag, Polenta manuu injeccoe in cticum vel con9sum, & in causis diffamacois, in quib3 agit* ad penam canonica imponend: Rex ad istum articulu respondet, qS in decimis, ob-lacoib3, obvencoib3, mortuariis, q»ndo [sup1] istis noib3 gponunt*, ghibicoi regie no est locus, eciam si gp? de-teneoem isto£ diutuma ad estimacoem eajdein pecuniaria venial. Set si cticus, vel religiosus, decimas suas in orreo suo congregatas, vel alibi exis-tentes, vendiderit alicui g pecunia, si petat* pecunia cora Judice ecdiastico, locu bet ghibicio, quia p vendicoem res spuales Hunt tempales, & t»nseunt decime in catalla.

Item si sit contencio de jure de-cimag, originem bens ex jure pronatus, & eagdem decimal qntitas ascendat ad quarta ptem bono£ ecclie, locum bet regia ghibicio, si hec causa coram ecctiastico Judice ventilet*. Item si pl&tus imponat penam pecuniaria alicui g peccato, & repetat illam, regia ghibicio locum bet; 9mptamen si plati imponant penitencias corpales, & sic puniti velint hujusmodi penitencias p pecuniam [sponte2] redifle, no bet locum regia ghibicio, si cora platis pecunia ab eis exigafr

1 sub Rot Pat

JInterlined on the Statute Roll; Rot. Pat. iuerti.

which said articles, with the answers of the same, the tenors here ensue.

First, whereas laymen do purchase L prohibitions generally upon tythes, obventions, oblations, mortuaries, redemption of penance, violent laying hands on clerks or [converts,1] and in cases of defamation, in which cases [spiritual penance ought to be enjoined: *] the King doth answer to

this article, that in tythes, oblations, No prohibition r , ..i.i in suits for

obventions, mortuaries, when they are tythes, &c .;

propounded under these names, the King's prohibition shall hold no place, although for the long withholding of the same, [the money may be esteemed at a sum certain.8] But if a clerk or unless they be a religious man do sell his tythes being gathered in his bam, or otherwise, to any man for money, if the money be demanded before a spiritual judge, the Kings prohibition shall lie; for, by the sale, the spiritual goods are made temporal, and the tythes turned into chattels.

Also if debate do arise upon the . H-right of tythes, having his original from the right of the patronage, and patronage, the quantity of the same tythes do come unto the fourth part of the goods of the church, the King's prohibition shall hold place, if the cause come before a judge spiritual. Also if Penance

. , .. . pecuniary and

a prelate enjoin a penance pecuniary corporal.

to a man for his offence, and it be demanded, the King's prohibition shall hold place; but if prelates enjoin a penance corporal, and they which be so punished will redeem upon their own accord such penances by money, if (4) money be demanded before a judge spiritual, the King's prohibition shall hold no place.

1 lay-brethren

3 proceeding is had, that spiritual penance may he imposed;

8 they come to a pecuniary estimation, and sentence for the same.

4 the


116

9 Edward II. Stat. 1. ArticvU Clem,

A.D. 1315-1C.

IIL Laying hands upon a clerk.

V.

Prohibition shall not lie upon demand of tythe for a new mill.

VI. Jurisdiction of the King's coart jointly with the spiritual.

Moreover, if any lay violent hands on a clerk, the amends for the peace broken shall be before the king, and for the excommunication before a prelate, that penance corporal may be enjoined; which if tbeoffender will redeem, of his own good will, by giving money to the prelate, or to the party grieved, it [shall l-] be required before the prelate, and the king's prohibition shall not lie. {Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. l.J


Also if any do erect in his ground a

mill of new, and after the parson of the same place demandeth tythe for the same, the King's prohibition doth issue in this form: [Quia de tali molendino hactenus decimse non fue-runt solutge, prohibem9, &c. & senten-tiam excommunicationis, si quam hac occasione promulgaveritis, revocetis omnino.2 *] The answer. In such case the King's prohibition was never granted by the King's assent, [nor never shall, which 8] hath decreed that it shall not hereafter lie in such cases.

Also if any cause or matter, the knowledge whereof belongeth to a court spiritual, and shall be definitively determined before a spiritual judge, [and doth pass4 * 6] into a judgement, [and shall not be suspended *] by an appeal; and after, if upon the same thing a question is moved before a temporal judge between the same parties, and it be proved by witness or instruments, such an exception is not to be admitted in a temporal court. The answer. When any one case () is debated before judge spiritual [or7] temporal, as above appeareth upon the case of laying violent hands on a clerk, [it is thought,8] that notwithstanding the spiritual judgement, the King's court shall discuss the same matter [as the party shall think expedient for himself. ]

1 may

3 Whereas, of such a mill tythe* have not been

hitherto paid; we do prohibit, frc. and the sentence

of excommunication, if any on this occasion ye have published, ye shall wholly revoke.

8 who also 4 so that it pass

6 nor was not in suspense

6 upon different grounds 7 an(j 8 tfey 8CLy

9 according as it may seem expedient to that court.

Insup si aliquis violentas manus injeSit in cticum p violata pace debet emenda fieri cora Rege, p excoicacSe vero cora plato, ut imponatr penitencia corporalis; qua si reus velit sponte p pecunia redific danda plato vel leso, potest repeti cora Plato, nec in talib5 regia phibicio locum het. {Rep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. l.J *

Item si aliquis in fundo suo molen-

dinu erexit de novo, & postea a Rectore loci exigat* decima de eodem, exhibet? phibicio regia sub hac forma; Quia de molendino tali hactenus decime n5 fuerunt solute, phibem9 &c. et sentencia excoicacois si quam hac occone pmulga9itis revocetis omio. Responsio. In tali casu nunq* exivit phibicio de pincipis voluntate, qui & decemit talem ppetuo no exire.

Item si aliqua causa vel negociu, cujus cognicio spectat ad foru ec-cliasticu, & coram ecctiastico Judice fQit sentential^ tminata, & t^nsierit in rem judicatam, nec p appellacoeiu fQit suspensa, et postmodu cora judice seculari, sup eade re in? easdem psonas questio moveat1, & pbet1, p testes vel instrumenta, talis excepcio in foro seculari no admitted. Responsio. Quando eadem causa, diesis racionibj, cora Judicibj ecctiasticis & secularib3 ventilat1, ut sup* patet de injecSSe violenta manuu in cticum, dicunt q<* n5 obstante ecctiastico judicio, Cur Regis ipm tractat negociu ut sibi expedire videt1*, ecctiastico judicio no obstante.

117

Item lit?a regia ordinariia dirigit* qui aliquos suos subditos excoicacionis vinculo innodarunt, qd eos absolvant infra certu diem, Alioquin qd com-peant responsuri quare eos excoica-verunt. Responsio. Rex deSnit qd talis lit^a numq* exire impos?um pmittatr, nisi in casu in quo posset inveniri ledi p excoicacoem regiam libt&tem.

Item Barones de Sc*cio dni Reg, vendicantes sibi ex pivilegio qd nd debent ext* ilium locu conquerenti cuiqmm respondere, extendunt illud privilegiu ad cticos comorantes ibidem, vocatos ad ordines seu ad residenciara, et diocesanis inbibent ne aliquo modo, aliq*ve ex causa, du sunt in Sc*cio & in Dvicio dni Regis, trahant ad judiciu quoquo modo. Responsio. Placet diio Regi, ut ctici suis obsequiis intenden-tes, si deling»nt, p ordinarios ut ce?i corrigantr; set tempe quo occupant circa Sc*cm ad residenciam in suis faciend eccliis n5 tenant1*. Hie additr sic de novo, p consiliu dni Regis. Rex & antecessores sui, a tempe cuj9 contarii memoria no existit, usi sunt qd ctici suis immorantes [obsequiis, du obsequiis illis intending ad residen-cia in suis bnficiis faciend minime copellant1*; nec debet dici tendere in pjudiciu eccfiastice libtatis quod g Rege1] & re publica necessariu invenit1*.

Item Ministri dni Regis, ut Vice-comites & alii, ingrediunt* feodu ecctie ad disticcoes faciend, & aliqftndo capiunt animalia Rectog in via regia,

1 Interlined on the Roll; Rot. Pat. inserts.

Also the King's letter (*) directed unto ordinaries, that bave wrapped those that be in subjection unto them in the sentence of excommunication, that they should assoil them by a certain day, or else that they do appear, and shew wherefore they have excommunicated them. The answer. The King decreeth, that hereafter no such letters shall be suffered to go forth, but in case where it is found that the Kings liberty is prejudiced by the excommunication.

Also barons of the King's Exchequer claiming by their privilege, that they ought to make answer to no complainant out of the same place, extend the same privilege unto clerks abiding there, called to orders or unto residence, and inhibit ordinaries that by no means, or for any cause, so long as they be in the Exchequer, or in the King s service, they shall not call them to judgement. The answer. It pleaseth our lord the King, that such clerks as attend in his service, if they offend, shall be correct by their ordinaries like as other; but so long as they are occupied about the Exchequer, they shall not be bound to keep residence in their churches. [This is added *] of new by the King's council The King and his ancestors since time out of mind have used, that clerks, which are employed in his service, during such time as they are in service, shall not be compelled to keep residence at their benefices; and such things as be thought necessary for the King and the commonwealth, ought not to be said to be prejudicial to the liberty of the church.

Also the King's officers, as sheriffs and other, do enter into the fees of the church to take distresses, and sometime they take the parson's beasts in the

1 is used to be s Here is thus added.

VII. The King's letter to discharge an excommunicate, shall not issue.

vm.

Clerks in the King's service, not bound to residence.

IX. Distresses on the cleigy shall not be taken in the highways, nor in the ancient fees of the church.

118

9 Edward II. Stai. 1. Articuli Cleri. A.D. 1315-16.

m

Examination of a parson presented belongeth to a spiritual judge

XIV. Free election to dignities of the church.

King's highway, where they have nothing but the land belonging to the church. The answer. The King's pleasure is, that from henceforth such distresses shall neither be taken in the King's highway, nor in the fees wherewith churches in times past have been indowed; nevertheless he willeth distresses to be taken in possessions of the church newly purchased by

ecclesiastical persons.


Also it is desired that spiritual persons, whom our lord the King doth present unto benefices of the church, if the bishop will not admit them, either for lack of learning, or for other cause reasonable, may not be under the examination of lay persons in the cases aforesaid, as it is now attempted, contrary to the decrees canonical, but that they may sue unto a spiritual judge, (*) for remedy, as right shall require. The answer. Of the ability of a parson presented unto a benefice of the church the examination belongeth to a spiritual judge; and so it hath been used heretofore, and shall be hereafter.

Also if any dignity be vacant, where election is to be made, it is moved that the electors may freely make their election without fear of any power temporal, and that all prayers and oppressions shall in this behalf cease. The answer. They shall be made free according to the form of statutes and ordinances.

We, desiring to provide for the state of holy church of England, and for the tranquillity and quiet of the prelates and clergy aforesaid, as far forth as we may lawfully do, to the honour of God, and emendation of the church, prelates, and clergy of the same; ratifying, confirming, and ap-

1 to whom it properly belongeth,

qando no ftent nisi fra ptinente ad eccliam. Responsio. Placet dno Regi ne decefo districcoes fiant huj9modi, nec in via regia, nec in feodis, quibj oKm ecclie sunt dotate; vult tamen districcoes fieri in possessionibj de novo a psonis ecdiasticis adquisitia

Item petit1 qd psone eccliastice, quas dns Bex ad beneficia psentat eccliastica, si Epus eas no admittat, utputa ppf defectu sciencie, vel alia causam ronabilem, no subeant examina-coem laicag psonag in casibj antedcis, put hiis tempib3 attemptat* de fco, cont* candicas sane cion es; set adeant Judice eccliasticu, ad que de jure ptinet, p remedio put justu f3it conse-quendo. Responsio. De idoneitate psone, psentate ad beneficiu eccliasticu, ptinet examinacio ad Judicem eccliasticu; et ita est hacten9 usitatu & fiet in futuru.

Item si vacet aliqua dignitas, ubi eleccio est facienda, petit1 qd electores lifce possint elige, absq, incussione timoris a quacuq, potestate seculari, & qd cessent pees & oppssiones in hac pte. Responsio. Fiant lifte juxta forma statutog & ordinaconum.



Nos, desiderantes statui ecclie An-glicane, & t^nquillitati & quieti platog & cleri pdcog, quaten9 de jure pofim9 pvidere, ad honorem Dei, & emenda-coem status dee ecclie, & platog & cleri pdcog, omes & singulas responsiones pdcas, ac omia & singula in eisdem responsionib3 contenta, ratificantes &

9 Edward II. Stat, 1. Articuli Cleri.

119

approbantes, ea p nobis & ftedibj nfis cocedim9, & pdpim9 imppetuu invio-labili? observari; Yolentes & conce-dentes, p nobis & hedib3 nris, qd pdci plati & cieros, & eo£ successores, imppm in pmissis jurisdicSem ecctias-ticam exSoeant, juxta tenore respon-sionu pdcag; absq, occone, inquietacoe, vel irnpedimento nfi vel fcedum n?o£, seu ministrog nostrog quo^cuq,. In cujus &c. T. R. apud Ebof xxiiij. die Novembr Anno Regni Reg E. fit I£ E. decimo.1

p ipm Rege & consiliu.

1 This is the date referred to at the end of the Statute 10 Edw. n. That statute is entered on the bsck of membrane 33 of the Statute-Roll immediately following this Statnte of 9 Edw. II .; and is also entered on membrane 33 of the Patent Roll 10 Edw. n.

proving all and every of the [articles aforesaid, with all and every of the answers made and l-\ contained in the same, do [grant ] and command them to be kept firmly, and observed for ever: Willing and granting for us and our heirs, that the foresaid prelates and clergy, and their successors, shall [use, execute, and practise 8] for ever the jurisdiction of the church in the premises, after the tenour of the answers aforesaid, without quarrel, inquieting, or vexation of us or of our heirs, or any of our officers whatsoever they be. T. R. at York, the xxiv. day of November, in the tenth year of the reign of King Edward, the son of King Edward. (4)

1 answers aforesaid, and all and every the things

3 for us and our heirs, grant the same

3 exercise 4 By the King and council.

&mroUt', be Wtcecomtttbs.

The STATUTE of SHERIFFS.*

Ex magno Rot Stat. in Turr.

Lond. m. 32.

T>OR ce q nfe Seignr le Roi Edward, fiz le Roi Edward, a son plement a Nicole, a la qinzeme de la Seint Hiller, lan de son regne neuf, p demonstraunce des Prelatz, Contes, Barons, & autres g*ntz du Roiaume, somuns a cel plement, & p grevouses pleintes del poeple, entendi g»ntz damages estre faitz a lui, & trop griefs oppssions & desheritaunces a son poeple, p la reson q meins suffi-santz Viscontes & Gardeins les Hun-dredz ont este avant ces houres, & uncore sont en dit Roiaume; nre seignr le Roi, voillant escheure teux

Statute the Second. "T^ORASMUCH as our lord King ^ Edward, son to King Edward, at his Parliament holden at Lincoln in quindena Hilarii, in the ninth year of his reign, by the information of his prelates, earls, barons, and other great men of the realm, being summoned to the same Parliament, and also by the grievous complaint of the people, did perceive great damage to be done to him, and great oppressions and dis-heritances to his people, by reason unsufficient sheriffs and hundreders have been before this time, and yet be in the realm; our lord the King intending to eschew such evil op-

These titles are from the printed copies and translations. No title appears on the roll.

120

9 Edward II. Stat. 2.

A.D. 1315-16.

Appointment of sheriffs, in the Exchequer.

Who shall be sheriffs, and of what estate they shall be.

Who shall have the keeping of hundreds.

Hundred may be farmed; but not the office.

pressions and disheritances, by the assent of the prelates, earls, barons, and other great estates aforesaid, hath ordained and established in the said parliament, that the sheriffs from henceforth shall be assigned by the chancellor, treasurer, barons of the Exchequer, and by the justices; and in the absence of the chancellor, by the treasurer, barons, and justices; and that none shall be sheriff, except he have sufficient land, within the same shire where he shall be sheriff, to answer the King and his people; and that none that is steward or bailiff to a great lord shall be made sheriff, except he be out of service, [so that he may*] attend to execute the office of a sheriff for the King and his people; (9). And in like manner it is agreed and established, that hundreds, whether they belong to the King or to other, shall be kept by convenient and able persons, that have sufficient land within the same hundred or shire where the hundred is: [and that the chancellor, treasurer, barons, and justices shall do and assign in manner aforesaid, without having other regard.8] And if any sheriffs or hun-dreders be insufficient at this time, they shall be removed, and other more convenient [put in their rooms ;4] and that such hundreds be leased and bailed to such persons for a reasonable rent, so that they need not to use extortion upon the people by reason of too outragious ferm; and that no sheriff nor hundreder shall lease his office to any other in ferm or 1 2 3

1 but that he be such that he be able entirely to

2 and that the chancellor, treasurer, barons, and justices shall do and assign in manner aforesaid, without haying other regard.

3 Omit this sentence here.

Aapj)ointedf in the form aforesaid;

maux oppssions & desheritances, del assent des Prelatz, Contes, Barons, & lea g*ntz avantditz, en son dit ple-ment, pfvit & establi q Viscontes desoremes soient mis p le Chan-cellier, le Tresorier, & les Barons del lescheqer, & p les Justices; & en absence del Chaunceff p le Tree, Barons, & Justices; & q nul ne soit visconte sil neit $re suffisaument, en meisme le Contee ou il 8ra Visconte, por respondre au Roi & au poeple; et q nul q soit seneschal ou Baillif de g»nt seignr seit fait Visconte, sil ne oste de autre 8vise, Mes tiel le seit q de tut puise entendre al office de visconte faire, p* le Roi & p* le poeple; & q Chaunceff, Tres, Barons, & Justices facent & mettent en la ma8e avantdite, sanz autre regard aver. En meisme la mafie est accorde & establi, q les Hundredz le quel qil soient au Roi ou as autres, soient gardez p gentz covenables eantz fre suffisaument en meisme le Hundred, ou en le Countee ou le Hundr 8ra: et si ascuns Vis-countes ou Hundreders soient a ceo meins suffisantz, soient tantost re-muetz, & autres covenables mis en la forme avantdite; & q les hundredz soient lessez & bailletz a tieux gentz a reliable [foer,1] issint qil ne coveigne pas qil facent extorsion sur le poeple, p1, trop utrageouse ferme; & q nul Visconte, ne Hundredor, ne bailie a autre son office a garder a ferme, ne 1 ferme old printed copies.

9 Edward IL. Stafc 2. de Vtc.

121

en autre ma9e; & q lea execucions des briefs, q vendroint as viscontes, soient faites p les hundredors conus & juretz en plein Contee, & nemie p autres, sil ne soit en g»nt defaute ou notoire destorbance des hundreders; & adonqes soient faites p autres covenables, & juretz; issint q le poeple puisse saver a qi seure tieles execucions; save tuzjours retom des brefe a ceus q les ont, & aver deivent.

otherwise; and that the execution of By whom writs that come to the sheriffs, shall be done by the hundreders sworn and done, known in the full county, and not by other, if it be not (1) the open default or notorious disturbance of the hundreders; and then execution shall be done by other persons meet and sworn, so that the people may know to whom to sue such executions; saving always the returns of writs to them that have them, or ought to have them,

1 in case of

12 EDWARD II. A.D. 1318.

(Zftborac'.

The STATUTE of YORK.*

Ex magno Rot Stat. vn Turr. Loud. m. 32.

TJTJR ceo qe plusurs gentz du Roialme Dengletre, & de la $re Dirlaunde, unt einz ces houres soven-tefeth soffert meschefs & desheritesons, par encheson de ceo qe en ascun cas ou defaute de lei fust, remedie ne fust ordene; & aussint p* ceo q ascuns pointz des estatutz avant faitz avoient mestier desdarsissement: Nre Seignr le Roi Edward, fiz au Roi Edward, desiraunt plenere dreit estre faite a son poeple, a son plement a Everewyk, as tres simoignes de seint Michel, lan de son regne duszisme, par assent des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & la coaute de son reaume illoeqs assemblez, fist les establissementz, & les estatutz qe sensuent, les queus il veut q en le dit roialme & en la dite ?re soient ferme-ment tenutz.

T^ORASMUCH as divers people of the realm of England and Ireland have heretofore many times suffered great mischiefs, [damages,] and disherisons, by reason that in some cases where the law failed, no remedy was ordained; and also forasmuch as some points of the statutes heretofore made had need of exposition: Our lord King Edward, son to King Edward, desiring that full right be done to his people; at his Parliament holden at York, the third week after the feast of Saint Michael, the twelfth year of his reign, by the assent of the prelates earls, barons, and the commonalty of his realm there assembled, hath made these acts and statutes here following, the which he willeth to be straitly observed in his said realm and land.

These titles are from the printed copies and translations. No title appears on the roll.

122

12 Edward II. Stat. Ebor.

AJ>. 1318.

m.

Inquests deter, minable in the benches, may be taken in the country.

[See Stat. of Fines,

27 Edw. /. ch. 4.]

IV. Justices of nisi prins may record nonsuits, defaults, &c.

And where it is contained in a Statute made at Westminster the second day of April, in the xxvii. year of the reign of the King's father that now is, that inquests and recognisances [taken1] before justices of the one bench and of the other, should be taken before any justice of the [places2] [accompanied with8] some knight of the shire where such inquests hap to be taken, if they have not need of great examination; and that in such inquests the justices shall do as they think most expedient for the wealth of the realm; the which statute needeth to be better declared: It is agreed, that inquests and juries that be and shall be taken in pleas of land, that require not great examination, shall be taken in the country before a justice of the [place 4] where the plea is, [accompanied with8] a substantial man of the country, knight, or other, so that a certain day be given in the bench, and a certain day and place in the country, in the presence of the parties, if the demandant request it. And also the inquests and juries, in pleas of land that require great examination, shall be taken in the country, in the manner abovesaid, before two justices of the bench:

And the justices or justice shall have power to record nonsuits and defaults in the country, at the days and places assigned, as afore is said. And that which they shall have done in the things above mentioned, shall be reported in the bench at a day certain, there to be inrolled, and thereupon judgement shall be given. And the King intendeth not, that the said inquests and juries should not be taken in the bench, if they come, nor that this statute should extend

1 determinable 2 courts

3 there being associate with him * court

Et com il seit contenu en lestatut fait a Westm, le secund jour Daverift lan du regne Edward pere nfe Seignr le Hoi qore est vint septime, q les enquestes, & les reconisaunces, devant Justices de lun Bank & de lautre ajugez, fuissent prises devant ascun des Justices des places, associe a li un Chivaler du Counte ou les enquestes §reient a pndre, si les enquestes ne fuissent de g*nt examinement; & q en tieles enquestes pndre fust fait sicom les Justices verroient q fust a fere, au gfit du Roialme; Le quel estatut ad bosoigne des? meuz declare: Acorde est q les enquestes & Juretz, q sont & Sront a pndre en pleez de ?re, qe ne sont mie de gant examinement, soient prises en pays devant une Justice de la place ou le pie est, associe a li un pdhome du pays, Che-valer ou autre, Issint q Stein jour seit done en Bank, & Stein jour & leu, en pays, en psence des pties, si demaun-daunt le prie. Et ausi les enquestes & Jurez en plai de ?re, qe demaundent g«nt examinement, soient prises en pays, en la fourme susdite, devant deus Justices du Bank: et eyt la Justice ou les Justices poer a recorder nonsutes & defautes en pays, as jours & lieus q §ront assignez, com desus est dit. Et ceo qil a$ont fait, en les choses susdites, seit reporte en Bank a jour done, & illoeqs enroule, & de ceo jugement rendu. Et nentent mie le Roi q les dites enquestes & Jurez ne pussent estre prises en Bank, si eles veignent, ne q cest estatut sestent a

A.D. 1318.

12 Edward II. Stat. Ebor.

123

g*nt assises. Et ausi une Justice del xin Bank & de lautre, associe a lui un gdhome du pays, Chevaler ou autre, a la requeste du pleintif, pigne lea enquestes des pledz, pledez & a pleder, q sont meuez par attachementz & destresces, Et eyt poer de recorder les nonsutes, com desus est dist, & pndre les enquestes par defautes illoeqsfaites. Et qant a les assises de drein psent, & les enquestes sur bref de Quare im-pedit pndre, seit fait com il est con-tenutz en le secund estatut de Westm; Et eyt la Justice poer de recorder nonsutes, & defautes en pays, & sur ceo jugement doner, com en Bank, & seit reports en Bank ceo q il a9a fait, & illoeqs seit en roule. Et si issint aveigne q les Justices ou la Justice q §ront ou §ra assigne de prendre tieles enquestes en pays, ne veignent pas, ou ne veigne en pays au jour assigne, jadumeyns les parties & les gentz del enqueste gardent lour jour en Bank Et pur ceo q sovenere pleinte ad este faite, en la Court le Roi, q les ret^ns, q Baillifs des Fraunchises, q unt pleyn retfn des Briefs le Roi, unt li?ez as viscontes, aps unt este chaun-gez, & en autre manere refcnez en la Court le Roi, a g»nt damage des ascuns des pties, & en delayance de droit/e; Acorde est q des retFns, q desore se ferront as viscontes p baillifs des tieles franchises, seit faite endent*e plenere, entre le Baillif de la franchise, nome p son ppre noun, & le viscounte nome p son ppre noun. Et si nul

unto great assises. And also one justice of the one [place1] and of the other, [being associate with2] a discreet man of the country, knight, or other, at the request of the plaintiff, shall take inquests upon pleas pleaded and to be pleaded, that be moved by attachment and distress, and shall have power to record nonsuits as above is said, and to take inquests upon defaults there made. And as to (*) the inquests to be taken upon writs of quare impedit, it shall be done as is contained in the Statute of Westminster the Second; and the justices shall have power to record nonsuits and defaults in the country, and to give judgement thereupon, as they do in the bench, and [there to report that which they have done, and there to be inrolled.4] And if it happen, that the justice or justices that shall be assigned to take such inquests in the country, do not come, or [if they come6] into the country at the day assigned, yet the parties and persons of such inquests shall keep their day in the bench.

And because it is many times complained in the King's court [upon returns, that6] bailiffs of franchises, having full power to return the King's writs, have delivered to sheriffs, [that have been *] after changed, and otherwise returned into the King's court, to the great damage of some of the parties and the delay of right; it is agreed that of returns which hereafter shall be delivered to the sheriffs by bailiffs of such franchises, an indenture shall be made between the bailiff of the franchise by his proper name, and the sheriff by his proper name. And

Assises of darrein pre-

sentment, Sec. [See Stat. Westm. 2.

ch. SO.]

V.

Returns in liberties shall be made by indenture between the bailiff and the sheriff.

1 bench 2 there being associate with him

assizes of darrein presentment, and

4 and that which they have done shall be reported into the bench, and there be inrolled.

come not 6 that returns, which 7 have been

124

12 Edwabd II. Stat. Ebor.

A.D. 1318.

Sheriffs and bailiffs shall set their names to their returns.

The King's business shall be heard first.

if any sheriff change the return so delivered to him by indenture, and be thereof convict, at the suit of the lord of the franchise, of whom he received the return, if the lord have had any damage, or if his franchise be im-blemished, and at the suit of the party that hath sustained loss through that occasion, he shall be punished by the King for his false return, and shall yield unto the lord and to the party double damages. Also it is agreed, that from henceforth sheriffs, and other bailiffs that receive the Kings writs returnable in his court, shall pub their own names with the returns, so that the court may know [of whom they took such returns,1] if need be; and if any sheriff or other bailiff leave out his name in his returns, he shall be grievously amerced to the King's use.


1 who are answerable for such returns,

viscounte chaunge ret*n issint li?e a li p endenife, & de ceo seit atteint a la suite le Seignr de la fraunchise dont il a9a tiel retJn resceu, si le Seign* a9a damage encoru ou sa fraunchise seit enblemie, & ala sute de la partie q a9a damage encorue p cel encheson, seit puni de vers le Hoi com de faus ret1!, & rende au Seignr & a la ptie damage a double. Aussint est acorde q desore Viscontes & autres Baillifs q resceivent brefe le Hoi, reenables en sa court, mettent leur ppres nouns ove leur ret^ns, issint q Court puisse savoir a qi pndre des tieux retina si mestier seit; et si nul visconte, ou autre baillif, en ses retens entrelesse son noun, seit grevement afflcie al oeps le Roi.


STATUTES OF UNCERTAIN DATE.*

tftftatui tfsfc&efcro.

The STATUTES of the EXCHEQUER.t


And the treasurer and barons (*) shall be charged by oath, that they

1 of the Exchequer

Ex. Lib. Scacc. Westm X. fo. 28. (32.)

E le Tresorer e les Baruns del

Eschekere seient chargee par sere-

In those editions which continue the statutes beyond Edward U. several articles have been placed between the reigns of Edward II. and Edward III. under the head of " Certain Statutes made during the Reigns of K. Henry III. K. Edward L or

K. Edward II. but uncertain when or in which of their times." The number and nature of the articles so classed vary in the several editions. Under the present head are now arranged all such articles, the exact date whereof appears uncertain, but which have been uniformly considered as made previous to Edward HI. and which have been admitted either into any edition of the Antigua Statuta, or into any general collection of the statutes.

f Two separate articles intituled ' Districtiones (or Do Districtione) Scaccarii,' and ' Statutum de Scaccario ' have most generally been attributed to the 51st year of King

Estatuz del Eechekew.

125

ment kil nentendent de oyr les plez, * ne lea quereles, de nuly, taunt com il unt a fere les bosoygnes le Bey; si ceo ne seit de querele ke touche la dette le Bey.

(a) Districcoes de Sc* *cio.

!« E por ceo ke la comune du Beaume ad eu g*nt damage par

torsenuse p*ses ke unt este fetes par Viscontes e par autre Baillif le Bey 0) ou par autre acbeson; Porveu est, (*) ke eeus a queus les avers sunt les pusent pesfcre de lur, saunz desturber k»nt il serront enparkez, saun ren doner por la garde. E ke les a9s ne nul autre destresce, ptee pur la dette le Bey ou p* autre acheson, ne seient venduz dedenz les quinze jurs, de la pise.

E si nul porte taille conue de paye fete al Escheker, cesse la destresce.

E si nol porte taille de nul visconte ou de baillif, de paye fete a ly de la chose demaudee, e voile tro9 plegges destre al Escheker au pchein acunte, a fere ceo ke

rp acheson de la dette le Roi, MS.

K CoU.

I pur la dette le Roy printed copies.

& ordeygn qe quaut Vise ou autre borne preigne les a9s des autres, old printed copies.

shall not attend to hear the pleas or matters of other men, while they have to do with the King's business; if it be not a matter that concerneth the King's own debt.

Forasmuch as the commonalty of Distresses of the realm hath sustained great damage * Exchequer* by wrongful taking of distresses, which have been made by sheriffs, and by other the King's bailiffs, for the King's debt, or for any other cause: It is therefore provided [and Theovmer^ ordained,] that when a sheriff, or SSeim-any other man doth take the beasts P°unded-of other, they to whom the beasts do belong may give them their feeding without disturbance, so long as they be impounded, without giving anything for their keeping. And Sale of distress, that the beasts, nor no other distress taken for the King's debt, nor for any other cause, be [given ne] sold within fifteen days after the taking.

And if any bring the (J) tally of a pay- On producing ment made in the Exchequer, the distress shall cease. shall cease, &c.

And if he bring the tally of any sheriff or bailiff, of payment made to them of the thing demanded, and will find pledges that he will appear in the Exchequer, upon the next account, to do as right

1 known

Henry III .; and in the modern printed copies have been distinguished as statutes 4 and 5 of that year. In Rastail's collection, edit. 1603, it is suggested that they were made in the reign of Edward I. and this seems confirmed by the reference to the

Statutum de Scaccario * in the statute of 16 Ed. II. relating to the form of sending estreats into the Exchequer. The various readings marked MS. Cott. are from the

Cotton MS. Claudius D. 2.fo. 224. from whence these articles were printed by Cay.

(a) The words * Districcftes de Sc*cio 9 in this place, and * de scHrio9 in the margin below, before chapter xiiij, Jin the Statutes of the Realm,} are inserted in red ink: A line is drawn round the part of the manuscript, which contains this division, and at the bottom of the leaf is the following note, in a hand-writing similar to that of the words in red ink, being different from and apparently of a later date than that of the text: " Hie est tangposicb lit?e, q* distfcciones Sc*cij hie scribuntr in? Captm xiij k xii^j Statuto^ Sc*cij." It appears that the numbers of the chapters in the margin are in the same hand-writing as this note: The words 1 distr sc*cij ' in the margin, after chapter xiij, are in a hand-writing different from that of either the text or note. In the printed copies this part has always been given as a separate instrument: as it ia also in MS. Cott.fo. 226; and in MS. Tr. 1.

Estatuz del Eschekeve.

shall require, then the distress shall cease; and the sheriff or bailiff shall cause him to be attached that ought to have acquitted him, that he appear upon the same account, to do as right shall require; and there shall have the names of the pledges.

JThe two last preceding pars, rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.}

No,distress Yet it is provided, that no man

shall be taken r

of ploughing of religion, nor other, shall be dis-

cattle, or sheep. by his beasts that gain his

land, nor by his sheep, for the King's debt, nor the debt of any other man, nor for any other cause, by the King's [or other bailiffs *] [but until they can find another distress,2] or chattels sufficient whereof they may levy the debt, or that is sufficient for the demand; except impounding of beasts that a man findeth in his ground damage-feasant, (8) after the use and custom of the realm. And that such distresses be reasonable, after the value of the debt or demand, [and by the estimation of neighbours, and not by strangers,4] and not outrageous.

Howbeit, the King willeth and commandeth, that sheriffs or their bailiffs, shall acquit the that have received the King's debt of debtor. the summons of the Exchequer, and have

not acquitted the debtors thereof at [the6] next account, shall be punished after [the statutes made 6] thereupon.

And the King willeth, that all debts of summons of the Exchequer, that the sheriff or bailiff have confessed receipt, shall be allowed him forthwith: so that whether he received all the debt, or part, it shall never come more in [demand nor] summons, after the sheriff hath confessed the receipt.

{The two last preceding pars, rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]


1 bailiffs or by any other man

3 so long as they can find any other distress

3 which a man may impound

4 and after convenient estimation,

9 their 6 the statute lately made

Distress shall be reasonable.

A sheriff receiving the Kina's aebt.

Temp. InoerL

dreit §rad, adonke cesse la destresce; e le Visconte ou le Baillif face atacher [le visconte ou le baillif1] ke les dust a9 aquitee, kil seit sor meme la cunte, a fere sur ceo ke dreit serrad, e eyt ileokes les nons des plegges.

JThe two last preceding pars, rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.}

Unkore est porveu ke nul houme de religion, ne autre, ne seit destreint par ces bestes ke g&ignent sa terre ne par ces berbia por la dette le Rei ne por la dette dautri, ne par autre encheson ne par les Bailiffs le Rey ne par autre home, taunt come lem treove autre destresce, e autre chateus soffi-sauns, dunt lever la dette, ou ke soffise a la demaude; hors pis enparkement de bestes k*nt horn les trove fesauns damage, ke hom enp&rker solum ley e usage de la terre. E ke les destresces seient renables a la mont&unce de la dette ou de la demaunde solum [esme,2] e nou pas utraguses.

Uncore velt e comaunde lo Rey ke tua les Viscontes e les Baillifs ke unt receu les dettes le Rey de la somounce del Escheker, e ke naq*tent mye de ceo les detturs, sur lur pchein acunte, seient puniz solum lestatut nadgeres fet.

E velt le Rey ke totes les dettes de la somdce del Escheker ke les Viscontes ou les Baillifs averunt reconu kil eyent receu, seient meltenaunt alouwez le quel kil eyent receu tote la dette ou partie issi ke mes venge en somonce (3).

JThe two last preceding pars, rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.}

1 lui, MS. Colt. — celluy, printed copies. r resoun, MS. Cott.

a< bonne value et par estim printed I copies.

8 ceo qe viscount a9a conn soi avez receu &c. MS. Cott.

Temp. Incert.

127

JMatuttim tie pgtor&ud, &ts laI

STATUTE concerning BAKERS, &c.

Ex Lib. Horn. London, fo. 121 b. Incip Coposicio ad puniend infringe ntes assam panis & cvisit* Fores-tallarios cocos, &c.

# # Tolnetum ad Molendinu, scdm coem consuetudinem Regni, & scdm forti-tudinem cursus aque, capiatur vt ad vicesimo granu, vel ad vicesimo quartu granu. Et mensura per qftm Tolnetu capi debeat sit concordans mensure dm Regis, & capiatur tolnetu per rasum, & nich cu cumulo vel Cantallo. Et si Firmarii inveniant Molendinariis necessaria sua, nicfa capiant pter debitu tolnetu; et (*) ali? fecerint gravi? punient1'.

1 si MS. Cott.

Here beginneth the rule for punishing the infringers of the assise of bread and ale, forestallers, cooks, &c.

The toll of a mill shall be taken, Toll at a mill.

according to the custom of the land,

and according to the strength of the

water-course, either to the twentieth

or four and twentieth corn. And the

measure whereby the toll must be

taken shall be agreeable to the King's

measure, an,d toll shall be taken, [by

the rase,1] and not by the heap or

cantel. And in case that the fermors

find the millers their necessaries, they

shall take nothing besides their due

toll; and if they do otherwise, they

shall be grievously punished.


1 by stricke,

9 The contents of this instrument have in various printed copies been attributed to 51 Henry HI. and 13 Edw. I.

Rep. so far as relates to the ascertaining or establishing any standards of weights and measures, or to the establishing or recognizing certain differences between weights and measures of the same denomination, 5 Geo. 4. c. 74. s. 23.

Rep., except as to part printed in the text, Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

J>tatutum tit Cortfjrtratorflbug.

STATUTE concerning CONSPIRATORS.f

Ex. MS1 Earl. 748. fo. 113. b.

UM 9tenu seit en nre estatut ke nul de nre Curt enprenge play a champart, ne par art ne par engin, [Cunteurs ne atturnez ne aprentifi, seneschaus des hautz homes bail life ne

"TT7HERE it is contained in our * - statute that none of our court shall take any plea to champerty by craft nor by engine; and [that no1] pleaders, apprentices, attomies, stewards of great men, bailiffs, [nor

1 now

t In all the English editions, as also in all printed copies where both text and translation are inserted, this has been printed as one statute of 33 Edw. I. under the title of ' The Statute of Champerty.' In the oldest printed copies by Pynson and

128

Stat. de Cori8pwatoribu8.

any 1] other of the realm, [shall take for maintenance or the like bargain, any manner of suit or plea against other,1 2 *] whereby all the realm is much grieved, and both rich and poor troubled in divers manners; it is provided by a common accord, that all such as from henceforth shall be attainted of such emprises, suits, or bargains, and such as consent thereunto, shall have imprisonment of three years, and shall make fine at the King's pleasure. Given at Berwick upon Tweed the twentieth year of the reign of King Edward (*).

Our lord the King, at the information of Gilbert Rowbery clerk of his council, hath commanded, that whosoever will complain himself of conspirators, (4) inventors and maintainors of false quarrels, [and partakers thereof,5] and brokers of debates, that [Gilbert Thornton shall cause them to be attached by his writ, that they be before our sove-

1 and

8 do take pleas to champertie, and by other crafts all manner of pleas against all manner of men,

s son of King Henry

4 sustainers of false suits,

1 that they may thereout have a share,

Temp. Incert.

autres de la fre nenprengent a chain-part ne par autres barettours de1] tute manere de play, [ou2] tute manere de gent, parunt tote la ?re est greve, riches & poures sunt travaillez en mutz de maneres: T Pur-veu est par 91mm acord ke tuz ceus ke desoremes sunt atteintz de celes enprises [suters e Bargayngnurs,8] e ceus ke a cele chose assentent eyent la prison de trois annz, e ne purkannt seient reintz a la volunte le Bey. [f Done a Berewyk sur Twede lan du regne le Rey Edward, fiz le Bey Henr, vintime.4]

f Dns Bex mandavit nunciante Gilftto de Roubires ctico de 9silio dni Reg, qd quicumq vol3it se 9qri de 9spiratorib3 flag qrelaj sustentatoribj, inventoribj, & manutenentib3 querelaj fta£, ut inde ptem heant & 9troversiaj bargainatorib3 [q, Gilfcts de Thornton p bre fac eos attachiari q, sint cora dno

1 & Countours, Attomees, Apprentis, Senescholx, Bailliffs a hautes homes, & autres de la ?re ja empnent a champart, & p autres bars MS. Cott.

8 encountre MS. Cott.

3 seutes A bargaines MS. Cott.

4 MS. Cott. omits.

Berthelet, the first part is given as a separate instrument, intituled, ' Statutum de Champertie' and dated at Berwick, 11 Edw. I. In those old printed copies is also inserted, an instrument, intituled,1 Statutum de Conspiratoribus ' as of 33 Edw. I. in which the Statute of Champerty is again erroneously printed with some verbal variations, with the date 20 Edw. I. and the provision and writ against conspirators is subjoined. In Tottell's printed copy, 1556, the Statutum de Champertie' and 4 Statutum de Conspiratoribus ' are given as separate articles; the former with the date 11 Edward I., and the latter without a date. In Cay's edition, a copy of the first part is given from MS. Cott. Clmud. D. II. [/b. 163. where it is inserted, without any title, immediately after the Statute of Gloucester, which is marked " exr p rotulu."] In a manuscript marked M. m. v. 19. in Cambridge University Library is a copy of this first part, immediately after the Statute of Gloucester, which in that manuscript is also marked as examined by the roll: This copy agrees with that in MS. Cott .; except that at the head thereof is written * Iste articles in quadam billa scriptus consutus est statuto consignato in Banco:' and in the margin * ExplanaSttes Glouc: quere xxxiij.'

Rege 9querentib3 respondere p hoc Bfe bfe.1] T Rex Vic sattm; Precipimus t* qd si A. de B. feSit te secur de clam auo p3, tunc pone p vad & salvos pleg G. de C. q, sit coram nobis a die See Thiitatis in xv. dies, ubicumq, tuc fuim9 in Angt, ad respondend pfato A de ptito qspiracionis & transgres-sionis sedm ordinacoem nram nup inde pvisani, sicut idem A. raconabili? monstrare pofrt qd ei inde respondere debeat. Et fteas ibi noia plegiog & hoc bfe. T. G. de Thornton, &c. (*)

129

reign lord the King, to answer unto the plaintiffs by this writ following:1]

The King to the sheriff greeting, We command thee, that if A. of B. give thee surety for prosecuting his claim, then put by gages and safe pledges G. of C. that he be before us from the day of the Holy Trinity in fifteen days, wherever we shall then be in England, to answer to the aforesaid A. of a plea of conspiracy and trespass according to our ordinance lately thereof provided, as the said A. can reasonably show that he ought to answer to him thereof. And have there the names of the pledges and this writ. Witness G. de Thornton.

And if any man shall be convicted at the suit of any complainant of any such offence, let him be imprisoned until he hath satisfied the party grieved, and towards the King let him be grievously redeemed.

1 persons so grieve# and complaining, shall come to the chief justices of our lord the King, and shall have a writ of them, under their seals to attach such offenders to answer to the parties grieved, so complaining before the aforesaid justices; and the writ following shall he made for them.

1 veniant hujusmodi gravati & conque-rentes capitalibus justiciariis domini Regis et habeant breve de eis sub sigillis eorum ad attachiand hujusmodi transgressores ad respondend ipsis lesis conquerentibus coram prefatis justic; et fiat eis tale breve. Tottell.

1 Et si quis super hujusmodi ad sectam conquerentium factum convictus fuerit, babeat prison am quousque lesis satisfecerit et versus dominum Regem graviter redi-matur. Tottell.

Stat. de Co7i8pimtoribu8.

«#tatuttnn tit tnrnitfl>3 9* legem StogK

STATUTE concerning Tenants by the Curtesy of England.

Ex MS. Lansd. 480, fo. 188 6 * /^UM quis [itaq,1] tram cum uxe ^ in maritagio cepit, si ex eadem uxe sua heredem fit vel filiam cla-1 ita

w

HEN a man shall take lands who shall be in marriage with a wife, if he the

have begotten of the same his wife an heir, son, or daughter, which shall be

A copy is given in MS. Harl. 867, fo. 64, intituled, * Statul de leg Anglie &c from whence the various readings are taken. The printed copy in Bertheletfs Secunda Pars Vetentm Statutorum 1532, which gives this article without any date, agrees with * the text except as noted. In Rastali's Collection 1603, from whence the translation is taken, the following note is subjoined; " But this seemeth to be no statute, but only one man's opinion."

1

Stat. de tenant.

Temp. Incert.

heard to cry within the four walls, if the same husband overlive his wife, whether the heir live or not, the same land shall remain to the hus-

who not

No homage for land given in marriage.

A second husband.

band, (1) and after the death of the husband, the lands shall return to the donor or to his heir; but if he have no heir by his wife, then after the death of the wife, it shall return to the donor or to his heir. And this is the cause why for land given in marriage, homage is not used to be received; for if any lands were so given in marriage or otherwise that homage were received, it might then never lawfully revert to the donor or to his heir as above is said. And the same judgement shall be of the second husband, as is said of the first, whether there be left any heir of the first or not.

'for his life,

mantem auditum infra quatuor pietes heat gcreatu, si idem vir uiem suam supvixit sive heres vivat sive non [ipi viro*] remanebit maritagiu illud, post mortem [viri *] ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem [re9sur.8] Si autem nullum ex uSe sua huerit heredem tunc (4) post mortem uiis ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem re^tet*. Et [si5] hec est causa quare [in mari-tagio6] non solet redpi homagiu; si enim donata esset aliqua fra sic in maritagiu vel (J) alio modo [qd cum recipiat*8] homagiu [tanqam0] ad donatorem de cefo vel ad ejus heredem licite posset re9ti ut sup'Klem est Ulud 9o judiciu erit de scdo viro quod dcm est de primo [si heres reliquerit primo10] sive non.

1 in vita 2 v° ejus

3 re9tetr 4 statim

6 MS. HarL and printed copies omit 0 maritag tfi 7 aliquo

8 qd recipietr 9 tunc nunq*m

10 sive pirn hes reliqrt

atselector prodtnrat ftrftored tn Cemftmo.*

That the Hector do not cut down Trees in the Churchyard.

Tj^ORASMUCH as we have under-stood very often that contention hath arisen between parsons of churches and their parishioners, touching trees that grow in the churchyard, both of them affirming that they belong to themselves; we have thought good to declare the doubt of such contentions [by law of writing*] rather than by law of statute: For

1 by the sacred law

i^WUONIAM inter Hectares eccle-^ siaru et suos parochianos sup arboribus crescentibus in cemiterio altercationes oriri sepius intelleximus, utrisq, ad se pertinere contendentibus, hujusmodi altercationis dubium de-clarare [jur scripti1] potius q, statuti jur estimamus: Nam cu cemiteriu

1 juris sacri

This is printed from the copy without any date in Berthelet's * Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum9 1532. In the modem English editions it is inserted as a statute of 35 Edward I. The various readings of the text are from the copy printed by Cay, from some source not specified* The translation is from Rastail's English Collection, 1603.

Ne Rec. pros. Arb.

131

maxime dedicatu solum sit ecclesie, et quicquid plan tat* 1, solo cedat, sequi-tur necessarie arbores ipsas debere inter facultates ecclesiasticas nume-rari, de quibus laicis nulla est attri-buta facultas disponendi; sed sicut sacra scriptura testatur, solis sacer-dotibus [dispositis rJ cura indiscussa a Deo comissa decet; verum (2) arbores ipse propter ventorum impetus, ne ecdesiis noceant, sepe plantantur; Pro-liibemus, ne epclesiarum Bectores ipsas presumant prostemere indistincte, nisi cum cancellus ecclesie necessaria in-digeat refectione; Nec in alios usus aliqualiter covertatur; pterq, si navis ecctie indiguerit similiter refectione; & rectores [pochian indig8] eis cari-tative de arborib9 ipsis duxerint largiend; qd fieri no pcipimus sed cum factum fuerit, [comend.4]

1 dispoeitio et * cum

3 parochiarum indigcntium

4 comendabimus

whereas the churchyard, specially that Trees in a which is dedicated, is the soil of the church, and whatsoever is planted church, upon the soil belongeth to the soil, it followeth necessarily, that the trees themselves ought to be numbered amongst the church goods, the disposing whereof is not given to laymen, but, as the Holy Scripture witnessed, the care of disposing them being undiscussed by God, ought to be committed unto priests only: But, forasmuch as those trees oftentimes are planted to keep away the force of the wind for hurting of the churches, we will that the parsons of churches They shall be do not presume to fell those trees un-discreetly, but only when the chancel of the church doth want necessary reparations; nor shall convert them to any other use by any other means, unless the body of the church do likewise want reparations, and the parsons do of charity think good to give of those trees to the parishioners wanting them; which we do not command to be done, but when it is done we do commend it.

Pmogattba

Of the KING'S PREROGATIVE.*

Ex MS. Cott Claud. D. II. fo. 222, b.

T De eccliis vacantibj, quag advo-

caciones spectant ad Begem, & alii psentaTint ad easdem, ita qd contencio i n t dnm Begem & alios oriat?: Si Bex p consideracoem Q) psentacoem suam recupaVit, licet post lapsum temporis aex mensium a tempore vacacionis, 1 Cof MS. Cott: MS. Earl.


Of churches being vacant, the ad- The King's vowsons whereof belong to the King, °n

and other present to the same, where- churches, upon debate ariseth between the King and other: If the King by award of the court do recover his presentation, though it be after the lapse of six months from the time of the

This is inserted in all the printed copies as a statute of 17 Edw. II: The copy from MS. Colt. Claud. D. II. was printed by Cay; the various readings marked MS. Cott. and MS. Harl. are from a Cotton manuscript, Appendix XVI, fo. 85. and a Harleian MS. No. 947.


132

Prerogativa Regia.

Temp. Incerrt.

The custody of lands of

idiots.

Of lands of lunaticks.

Wreck of the sea, whales and sturgeons.

Escheats of felons during the vacancy of bishoprieks.

avoidance, no time shall prejudice him, so that he present within the space of six months.

The King shall have the custody of the lands of natural fools, taking the profits of them without waste or destruction, and shall find them their necessaries, of whose fee soever the lands be holden; and after the death of such idiots he shall render [it*] to the right heirs, so that sucl\ idiots shall not aliene, nor their heirs shall be disinherited.

Also the King shall provide, when any, that beforetime hath had his wit and memory happen to fail of his wit, as there are many [per lucida intervalla,2] that their lands and tenements shall be safely kept without waste and destruction, and that they and their houshold shall live and be maintained competently with the profits of the same, and the residue besides their sustentation shall be kept to their use, to be delivered unto them when they come to right mind; so that such lands and tenements shall in no wise (8) be aliened; and the King shall take nothing (4) to his own use. Ajid if the party die in such estate, then the residue shall be distributed for his soul by the advice of the ordinary.

Also the King shall have wreck of the sea throughout the realm, whales and [great sturgeons5] taken in the sea or elsewhere within the realm, except in certain places privileged by the King.

# * Also the King shall have escheats of lands of the freeholders of archbishops and bishops, when such tenants be attainted for felony () in time of vacation, while their temporal ties

1 the tame * with lucid intervals

within the aforesaid time 4 of the profits

6 sturgeons 6

nullu cnrit ei tempus, dum tamen Rex psenta9it infra [pdcm1] tempus sex menaiu.

T Rex het custodiam ?rag fatuog natraliu, capiendo exitus eagdem sine vasto & destruccione, & inveniet eis necessaria sua, de cujuscumq feodo ?re file fuerint, & post mortem eorum reddat eas rectis ftedibj, ita qd nulla-ten9 p eosdem fatuos alienent1, vel eorum fiedes exftedent*.

IT Item habet providere qttndo ali-quis qui prius huit memoriam & intellectual, non fuerit compos mentis sue, sicut quidam sunt p lucida in?valla; qd ?re & ten edgde salvo custodian^, sine vasto & destruccione, & qd ipe & familia sua de exitib3 eagdem vivant & sustineant* competen?, & residuum ultra susten-tacionem eorumdem ronabilem custodial ad opus ipog, liftand eis quando memoriam recupaverint; Ita qd pdicte Sre & ten, infra pdcm tempus, non alienent1 ,; Nec Rex de exitibj afiq*d pcipiat ad opus suu, & si obierit tali statu, tunc illud residuum distribuat1, P anima ejusdem, p consiliu ordinariog.

f Item habet Warectum mans p

totum regnu, Wallenas et sturgiones

captos in mari vel alibi infra regnu,

exceptis quibusdam locis privilegiatis

p Reges.

H Km habet escaetas de ?ris libe

tenencium Archiepog, Epog, qBndo ipi tenentes dampnati sunt, p felonia facta tempore vacacionis, dum tempo-

1 MS. Harl. & printed copies omit.

xij.

xifi.

xvj.

Prei'Ogativa Regis.

133

ralia eogde fuerunt in manu dni Regis, conferend cui voluerit irappm, salvo Svicio quod ad Prelatos inde ptinet.

T Quando Dns Rex dat vel con-cedit aliquod maflium vel Yram cum ptiu, nisi faciat in carta sua vel sc*pto expssara mencionem de feodis militum,advocacoib3 eccliag, & dotib3, cum acciderint, ad pdicta mafiium vel ?ram ptinentib3, tunc hiis diebus Rex reservat sibi eadem feoda, advoca-ciones, cum dotib3; licet in? alias psonas ali? fuerit ob§vatum.

f Item Rex(1) omia catalla dampnatoj felonum & fugitivog, ubicumq, inventa fuerint, & (*) ipi beant lifcum ten, tunc illud statim capiat? in manu Regis, & Rex bebit omes exit9 ejusdem p unum annu et unum diem, & ten illud vastabit? & destruet?, de domib3 & gardinis, boscis & aliis quibuscuq, ad pdcm ten ptin, exceptis hoib3 quondam privilegiatog inde p Regem; & postqam Rex buerit annu & diem & vastu, tunc red dat? ten illud Capitalib3 dnis feodi illius, nisi prius faciat finem p anno die & vasto. T De consuetudine tamen dicit? qd, post annu & diem, Yre Sj ten felonu (*) Qloucestr reddimt? & re9tent? pximo heredi, cui debuerant descendisse si facta non fuisset felonia; & in Kane in Gavelkynde, the fader to the bough and the sone to the plough, & ibidem omnes bedes masculi [pcipiant4] heditatem; simili? omnes femine, set femine [pticipiant5 6] cum

1 heat MS. Harl.

2 MSS. Cott. Sf Harl.

3 in MSS. Cott. Sf Harl.

4 pticipant MS. Cott. — pticipent MS.

Harl.

6 do pticipant MSS. Cott. $ Harl.

were in the King's hands, to give at his pleasure, [saving to such prelates the service that thereto is due and accustomed.1]

When our lord the King giveth or Construction granteth land or a manor with the j^S^the appurtenances, without he make King, express mention in his deed or writing of knight's fees, advowsons of churches, and dowers when they fall, belonging to such manor or land, then at this day the King reserveth to himself such fees, advowsons, and dowers, albeit that among other persons it hath been observed otherwise.

Also the King shall have the goods The lands and of all felons attainted, and fugitives JSinted.^10118 wheresoever they be found. And if they have freehold, then it shall be forthwith taken into the King's hands, and the King shall have all profits of the same by one year and one day, and the land shall be wasted and destroyed in the houses, woods, and gardens, and in all maimer of things belonging to the same land, excepting men of certain places privileged by the King therefore. And after our lord the King hath had the year, day, and waste, then the land shall be restored to the chief lord of the same fee, unless that he fine before with the King for the year, the day, and the waste. Nevertheless it is used in Customs of the county of Gloucester by custom, that after one year and one day, the lands and tenements of felons shall revert and be restored to the next heir, to whom [it1 2 3] ought to have descended if the felony had not been done. And in Kent, in gavelkind,

(< The father to the bough, the son to the plough," (*) there all heirs male shall divide their inheritance, and likewise women; but women shall

'for ever; saving the service which is therefore due to the prelate*r,

3 they

*and

Prerogatim Regis.

not make partition with mem And a woman after the death of her husband shall be endowed of the moiety; and if she commit fornication in her widowhood, or take an husband after, she shall lose her Q) dower.

1 whole

Temp. Incert maaeulis. Et mulier post mortem viri sui habet medietatem pro dote sua, et si fornicetur in viduitate pdit totum vel si Q desponsata viro.

1 sit MSS. Cott. Sf

Fealty of a freeman.

Fealty of a villein.

Mctote facfotUt Homaflttim't ftotlimm.*

The Manner of doing Homage and Fealty.



When a freeman shall do fealty to his lord, he shall hold his right hand [upon a1] book, and shall say thus " Hear you my lord R that I, P. shall be to you both faithful and true, and shall [owe my fidelity unto you,2] for the land that I hold of you, 0 and lawfully shall do such customs and services, as my duty is to you, at the times assigned. So help me God, and all his saints/'

When a villein shall do fealty unto his lord, he shall hold his right hand over the book, and shall say thus, "Hear you my lord A. that I, B. from this day forth unto you shall be true and faithful, and shall [owe you fealty4] for the land that I hold of you in villenage; and shall be justified by you in body and goods. (5) So help me God and all his saints/'

1 over the 2 koar you faith

3 and lawfully will acknowledge you9

4 bear you faith

5 and that no evil or damage will I see concerning you, but I will defend and warn you to my power.

Ex MS. Cott. Claudivs D. II. fo. 238.



Q«nt fraunk home fra feaute 0 il tendra sa main (2) outre le livre & dirra issint; Ceo oiez vous mon ( R qe jeo J. vous 8roie foial & loial, & foy vous por?oy des tenz q jeo [clayme *] de vous [& loialment vous conusteroi 4] & loialment vous ferroie les custumes & les §vices qe faire (5) doie as Sines assignez; si moy eide Dieux & les Seintz.

Quant villein fra feaute a son fr il tendra sa main destre outre le liver, & dirra issint; Ceo oiez vous mon Seignr R q je W. () vous Sroie foial, loial, & foi vouz porSoi, del tenement q jeo de vous tien en villenage, & q jeo vous §roie justiciable du corps & de chateux. (7) Si moy eide Dieux & les Seintz.

1 a son seignur MS. Harl. 947.

2 dextre printed copies. — destf MS. Harl. 947.

3 teign printed copies. — claime tener MS. Harl. 395.

Sprinted copies fy MS. Harl. omit.

5 vous MS. Harl. 395.

6 de ceo jour en avant MS. Harl. 395.

7 & q jeo de vous mal ne dam ne veray q jeo ne vo° defendray & vous garaeray a mon pouer. MS. Harl. 867.

This is inserted in all the printed copies as a statute of 17 Edw. H. The copy from MS. Cott. Claudius D. II. was first printed in Cay's edition. The various readings are from MSS. Harl. 395, fo. 91; 867, fo. 52, h; 947, fo. 69.

135

«$tatat' tie awartr t Relrtrite.*

STATUTE concerning

Ex MS. Earl 867. fo. 51, b.

\JOUS devetz Ba9 q lou releef 8ra " done q illeuq append gard, & e 9°; & ceux qi tenent en Sjantie de aler ove le Roy en son ost qilleuq append gard & releef; mes ceux q tenent en petit Djantie come de por? escu cm launce en le ost le Roi ou de por? ou de carier la ne seit gard [ne relief1] Le f*nc Sokeman ne durra gard ne releef, mes ils doubleront lour rente aps la mort lo3* aunc solom qils pnront paier lo1, Seignr, & ils ne Boient outre mesure grevez. Mes oiez ore la natre del gard avoir; (*) la une est lou ten est tenu p 8vic de chr, lautre est lou un home tient de un autre tree ou ten en Sokage; la gard de la fre q est tenu p 3vic de chr apent au chief £ e le mariage; e deit issi estre marie [q ele *] ne soit despage com la g*nd ch*re voet, et si est le age de celluy heir de xxi an; la garde del

heir q [-----4] en socage si la ?re

ou [le mariage5] [---] de par sa

1 ne mariage printed copies: MS. Harl, 947.

3 Deux maners des brefs sount de garde avoir. MS. Harl. 947: Lib. Horn.

3 qil MS. Harl: Lib. Horn.

4 An erasure and a blank. — tient MS. Harl: Lib. Horn.

6 le heritage Lib. Horn: Printed copies.

6 An erasure and a blank. — descent Lib. Horn: MS. Harl.

Wards and Reliefs.

JT is to wit, that where any relief is given, there wardship is incident, and contrariwise; and such as hold by serjeanty to go with the King in his host, there ward and relief are incident; and such as hold by petty serjeanty, as to bear shield or spear in the King's host, or to bear or to carry, there is neither ward, marriage, or relief; also a free sokeman shall not give ward nor relief but he shall double his rent after the death of his ancestor, according as he hath used to pay to his lord, and shall not be immeasurably grieved. Now somewhat is to be said of the nature of having wards; there be two manner of writs to have wards; one is where lands be holden in knight's service, the other is where lands be holden in socage; the ward of land that is holden in knights service belongeth to the chief lord, and the marriage, which ought to be without disparagement as the Great Charter limiteth, [until he cometh to the age of1] one and twenty years: The ward of an heir that holdeth in socage; if the land or inheritance descend of his

Relief and

wardship

co-relative.

Serjeanty.

Sokemen.

Writs of ward;

in case of

knight's

service.

Socage

1 and the full age of the heir is

# This is inserted in the printed copies as of 28 Edw. L The copy printed in Cay's edition from MS. Colt. Claud. D. II. [fo. 232,] is incorrect and imperfect. The various readings in the notes above are from Lib. Horn. Lond.fo. 250; and MS. Harl. 947, fo. 69, b.

136

Stat. de Ward! et Releviis.

Temp. Incert.

to demand the land and heir;

Where there are two lord*;

to demand the heir only.

Lands and chattels of a prisoner shall be delivered to sureties to account, See.

mother's side, then it belongeth to the next friend on the father's side; and contrariwise: And a writ to recover ward may be brought in three manners; one is when a man de-mandeth ward of the land, and of the heir, and that is in case when a man holdeth land of another by knights service, and the tenant dieth, then may the chief lord, if he be deforced, demand the ward of his land and heir, and shall have both ward and marriage. Another manner is when a man is infeoffed of a verge of land by one man, and Q) by another of a carve of land, the second lord may not bring a writ of ward to recover either the land or the heir, for the ward belongeth to him of whom he was first infeoffed. The third manner is where a man hath land in his hands by reason of ward, and [hath not the heir,2] then he may bring a writ to demand the heir, and not the land.

1 then * there ie a lawful heir

mere#donq apent a plus pschein pent de pt soh pe (*). [En maSes *] poet h5me port b? de gard aver, la une est q*nt home dde gard de la Ire & del heir, & ceo est le cas qant un hdme tient un maner dun autre de fee de haubek el tenant se lost morir, done poet le chief f* sil soit deforce dder la gard [del heir celluy de qi il avera la gard *] &le manage. Lautre est qant un homme est feffe dune 9ge de fee (4) & (5) dm1 autre dune car de fee, le second i* ne poet my porter br de gard a9 de la fee [& ] del heir, qar la garde appent a celluy de qi il fust pimes feffe: La fee est la ou il ad la fee en sa mayn [en non de gard & il est muler,7] donq p*ra il por? br a demander le heir sanz la fee fee.

1 & e converso printed copies. — E si le ten descent de pt le piere donq apent a plus pchein amy de pt sa mere. Lib. Horn.

8 En iij maRes Lib. Horn, r Lib. Horn, omits these words.

8< de la terr & del heir celuy, & a9a I la gard MS. Harl. 947.

4 dun home, MS. Harl. 947.

6 puis MS. Harl. 947.

6 ne MS. Harl. 947.

"en nosme de gard Sc il nad my le heir, printed copies.

7J & nemie de la garde, sil est heir I mulier, Lib. Horn. en noun de garde, & il y ad h? mulier, MS. Harl. 947.

Be Catallfa dfelonmn.

Op the CHATTELS of FELONS

rpHE King to the sheriff and all other hiB faithful subjects sendeth greeting. Know ye, that it hath

Ex MS. Cott. Vespae. B. 75, b.

T) EX Vic & Omil>3 aliis fide! suis J'1' sattm. Sciatis qd pvi§ est in

This was first printed in Berthelet's SePars Veterum Statvtorum, 1532; The copy from MS, Cott. Vesp. was printed by Cay; among the statutes of uncertain date.

Temp. Incert. De CataUis Fdonvm.

137

Cur nra, core Justic n, qd de ce^o null9 captus p morte hois, vt g alia felonia p qua debt imp^onari, dis-aeisiet* de iris & ten y! cataft suis, quousq, fflit convict? de felonia de qua reitat9 fQit; set qin cito captus fQit, p visum custodum plitog Corone nre, & p viS vie vi aliog baffiog 5, & leg hoim videant* ten & cat pdea, & inbriantr, & salvo custodian t* p battios ipius capti, qui bona securitate nob inve&nt, ad respondend corn Justic de cat vf de pdo, si ab [exigat*1]; salvo tn ipi capto & familie sue neccria sua, q*mdiu fQit in ptoona, & ronabili esto-9io; ut cum idm captus cor Justic nris fQit covictus de felonia, tunc residuu catallog ultra esto^iu suu sedm regni consuetud nob remaneant, cum &oio uni9 anni & uni9 diei de Sris & ten suis. Et si corn Justic se defender© po?it, de felonia sibi imposita, tunc catalla sua sibi remaneant quiete. Et ideo vob pcipim9 qd in ballis vris de ceSo ita faciatis fieri [fiaciatis *] & firmif! phibem9 vobis ne pdea occone alit manu imponatis in fris & ten vl cat alicuj9 pdeo modo capta. T. &c. 1 2

1 eis exigantur printed copies.

2 erroneously repeated.

been provided in our feourt before our justices, that from henceforth no man who hath been taken for manslaughter, or for other felony for which he ought to be imprisoned, shall be disseised of his lands and tenements or of his chattels, until he be convicted of the felony whereof he be impeached; but as soon as he be taken, the lands and chattels aforesaid, shall be seen by the view of the keepers of the pleas of our crown, and by the view of the sheriffs or other our officers and lawful men, and shall be scheduled, and safely kept by the bailiffs of the prisoner himself, who shall find good security to us to answer before the justices of the chattels or of the price thereof,

[if they are taken from them j1] saving

nevertheless to the prisoner himself

and his family his necessaries, so long

as he be in prison, and reasonable

estover; that when the same prisoner Forfeiture on

be convicted before our justices, of conviction-

the felony, then the residue of the

chattels, beyond his estover, according

to the custom of the realm remain to

us, with the term of one year and

one day in his lands and tenements.

And if before the justices he be able Restitution on to defend himself of the felony laid to acqmttal' his charge, then his chattels shall remain to him quietly. And therefore we command you, that in your bailiwicks from henceforth ye. so cause to be done; and we firmly prohibit you that you do not, on the aforesaid occasion, otherwise lay your hand upon the lands and tenements or chattels of any one, in the aforesaid manner taken.

1 if they be demanded of them;

138

Temp. Ineert.

Suitors.

Chief pledges.

Decenners.

Villeins, fugitive j

or in foreign frankpledge.

Customs

withdrawn.

Purprestures.

Nusances.

Boundaries.

Ways.

SFteug Jfranriplrtru.*

The View of

THIRST, you shall say unto us by the oath which you have made, if all the [jurors1] that owe suit in this court be come, (*), and which not.

2. And if all the chief pledges, [or their dozeins 8] be come, as they ought to come, and which not.

3. And if all [the dozeins 4] be in the assise of our lord the King, and which not, and who received them.

4. And if there be any of the [King's5] villeins fugitive, dwelling otherwhere than in the King's demeans; and of such as be within the King's demeans, and have not abiden () a year and a day.

5. And if there be any of the lords villeins in frankpledge, otherwhere than in this court.

6. Of customs and services due to this court withdrawn, how and by whom, and in what bailiffs' times.

7. Of purprestures made in lands, woods, and waters, to annoyance.

8. Of walls, houses, dikes and hedges, set up or beaten down to annoyance.

9. Of bounds withdrawn and taken away.

10. Of ways and paths [opened or stopped7]

1 suitors 3 as they ought to be

3 with their deceners

f of twelve years old \ the deceners East. 1603.

6 lord's 6 there

7 stopped or narrowed.

Frankpledge.

Ex MS. Cott Claudvas D. II. fo. 236.

JpRIMES vous nous dirrez p le

Dement q vous nous avez frit si touz les [seutoursJ] qi devent suite a ceste Courte soient venuz come venir deivent, & queux ne sount mie; & si touz les chiefs plegges (*) soient venuz, come venir deivent, & queux nemye; & si [touz de xij annz *] soient en lassise nre Seignr le Roi, & queux ne sount mie, & qi les receite. Et sil neit nul des villeins le Seignr futif aillo^s menant qen le demeigne le Roi. De ceux qi sount en les demeignes le Roi, & nount mye demrre unan&un jour. (4) Des custumes & des § vices duez au ceste Courte sustretes; comet & p qi, & en temps de quel baillif. De prprestures faites en Sres () & en ewes a nusance; des mures, m&isons, haez, fosses, levez ou abatuz a nusance. Des [biens6] tretz & emportez. Des voies & des centes estopes ou amenusez.

1 jurrours P. B. 2 ou lour dozeines

3 touts de douze annz P. B. — toutes les douzans T.

4 Silyeit nul des villeins le seignour aiHours en frank plegge que en cest Court.

5 boys, 6 boudes

# In Pynson's Antiqua Statuta this is inserted as a statute made in 17 Edw. 13. In other editions it is attributed to 18 Edw. II. The copy from MS. Cott. Claud. DLII. was first printed in Cay's edition. The various readings are from the old printed copies by Pynson, Berthelet, and Tottell; where these differ from each other they are quoted by the initials P. B. T.

139

Des ewes destournez ou estopez on amenu8ez hors de lour droit cours. Des Burgesours des mesons & de lour Receittours. Q) Des petitz larouns, come des howes, gelines & garbes. Des laronus qi sakent draps ou au?s choses parmi fenestres ou parraies. De ceux qi vount en message des larouns. De utea love & nemie pursue. De saunk espandue & [plaie 2] faite. De eschap de laroun & de feloun. Des utlagez repeirez saunz garaunt (3). De rape de femme qes mye psente dev»nt Corofis. De retoundours & de fausours de la monoye. De tresor trove. Dassise de pain & de Svois enfreinte. Des faux mesours, come des busselx, galouns, verges, aunes. De faux balaunoes & de faux pois. De ceux qi ount double raesure, & achatent p le greindour, k vendent p le meindre. De ceux qi assiduelment hauntent les ta9nes & homme [ne soit dount ils viegnent4] De ceux qi dorment les jours & veillent les nutz, k mangent bien & beivent bien & nount nul bien. Des [dobbours ] des draps, & des curreours des quirs aillors qen ville marchaunde.

11. Of waters turned or stopped, Waters, or brought from their right course.

12. Of breakers of houses, and of Burglars, their receivers.

13. Of common thieves and their Felons.

receivers.

14. Of petty [larons1] as of geese, hens, or sheafs (2).

15. Of thieves that steal clothes [or of thieves that do pilfer cloths through windows and walls.8]

16. Of such as go on message for thieves.

17. Of [cries4] levied and not pursued.

18. Of bloodshed and of frays made.

19. Of escapes of thieves and felons.

20. Of persons outlawed returned, not having the King's warrant.

21. Of women ravished not presented before the coroners.

22. Of clippers and forgers of money.

23. Of treasure found.

24. Of the assise of bread and ale broken.

25. Of false measures, as of bushels, gallons, yards and ells.

26. Of false balances and weights.

27. Of such as have double measure, and buy by the great, and sell by the less.

28. Of such as continually haunt taverns, and no man knoweth whereon they do live.

29. Of such as sleep by day, and watch by night, (5) and have nothing.

30. Of [cloth-sellers 6] and curriers of leather, dwelling out of merchant towns.

Thieves and their messengers.

Hue and cry.

Frays.

Escapes.

Outlaws.

Rapes.

Coiners.

Treasure-

trove.

Assise of bread.

Measures, &c.

Idlers.

Clothiers, curriers, &c.

1 Do comen larons ct de lour rccetours. 3 fray T. 3 le Roi

nc sceit dout ilz viet 6 vendours P. B. — dubbours T.

1 thieves 2 of corn

3 or other things, out of windows or stalls.

4 hue and cry 5 and fare well,

6 fullers of cloths

140

Vims Frandpleg.

Temp. Incert.

Sanctuary.

Prisoners.

Doves.

31. Of such as fly into church or church-yard, and after depart without doing that which belongeth thereunto.^).

32. Of persons imprisoned, and after let go without [mainprise.2]

33. Of such as take doves in winter by [door-falls or *] engines.

34. And of all these things, ye shall do us to wit, by the oath you have taken.

1 If there he any unchaste woman whereby the lord may have loss.

2 warrant. 3 gins or other

De ceux qi fuent [a leglises & p eux1] sen vount saunz faire [qappent.2] [Sil ny eit nulle femme pariene p quoi le Seignr purra pdre.8] Et des gentz em-prisonez & puis lessez saunz [garant.4] De ceux qi pnent columbes en iveer p laces ou p autre engine. De touz ceux nous faites assavoir p le §ement q vous nous avez fait.

1 en cimitterie ou esglise, et puis

2 lassesse 3 P. B. T. omit.

garauntie B.

©nil of ti)t statutes uStiaUp ttnntij anttqua &>tatuta.

STATUTES OF KING EDWARD THE THIRD.

1 EDWARD III. A.D. 1326-7.

&tatuta Pea aputi m

ft. <£&toariri C'cu poat Conqtiffttorc anno r. dm' p(mo.

STATUTES made at WESTMINSTER;

In the Parliament of K. EDWARD, The Third, after the Conqueror; In The First Year of his Reign.

Statute the First.

n ... . . . Wherefore

our sovereign lord King Edward that now is, (*), at his Parliament holden at Westminster, at the time of his coronation on the morrow after Candlemas, in the first year of his reign, upon certain petitions and requests made to him in the said Parliament, upon such articles above rehearsed, by the common counsel of the prelates, earls, barons, and other great men, and by the commonalty of the realm there being by his com-

1 son of the said King Edward, who was son of King Edward, son of King Henry,

Ex magno Rot Stat. in Turr.

Lond. m. 29.

JftJ....................Dount

nfe Seignr le Roi Edward q ore est, fiuz du dit Roi Edward, q fut fiuz le Roi Edward fiuz le Roi Henri, a son plement tenu a West-monster a son coronement, lende-meyn de la Chaundelure, lan de son regne pimer, sur ascuns peticiones & requestes q luy furent faites au dit plement, but les choses motez a desus, p comun conseil des platz, Countz, Barons, & autres grauntz & le Cdmun du roialme, illoeqs esteauntz p son

] The preamble relates only to the usurpation of the two Spensers, and their destruction by means of the King and his mother, and is therefore omitted as of a personal nature, as well as the first three chapters, which concern the same matters.]

1 Edward III. Stat. 1.

141

comaundcment, prvist ordiua & establi

en la fourme q sensuit.

Auxint est acorde ordine & establi

en amendement de la lei, q countre record de Court, le quel record vient en k Court le Roi p b? de faux juggement, en cas ou la ptie dist q le record est autre q la Court ne recorde, soit receu uvement de bone pais, & de ceux q furent psentz en la Court qant le record se fist, si tieux viegnent ove les autfs du pais p refrn de vise, & sils ne veignent, soit lenqueste prise p bone pays.

Auxint est prveu & establi q desore en&vant countre faux ret*n des bailiffs des fraunchises q unt plein ret^n des brefs, eit home a?ement & recover auxicome de9s le vise le Roi, auxibien de trop petit issues refoiez come en autre cas, issi qil ne chiete en pjudice des Seignrs ne en blemissement de lour fraunchises, & q lestat de seinte Eglise soit touz jours sauve; & q tot le punissement soulement chiete sur les b&illifs, p punissement de lour corps sil neient de quoi respoundre.

DoS a Westm le vij. jour de Marz lan du regne le dit Roi Edward qore est primer.

mandment, hath provided, ordained, and established in the form following.

' a

Item, it is accorded, ordained, and

established in amendment of the law, that [when a record l-] cometh into the King's court by writ of false judgement, in case where the party al-ledgeth that the record is otherwise than the court doth record the same, the averment shall be received of the good country, and of them which were present in the court when the record was made, if they do come with others of the country by the sheriffs return; and if they come not the inquest shall be taken by the good country.

Item, it is provided and established, that from henceforth against the false returns of bailiffs of franchises, which have full return of writs, a man shall have averment, and recover as well against them as against the King's sheriff, as well of too little issues returned as in other cases, so that it falleth not in prejudice of the lords, nor in the blemish of their franchise; and that the estate of Holy Church be always saved; and that all the punishment fall only upon the bailiffs, by punishment of their bodies,

if they have not whereof to answer.


Dated at Westminster the seventh

day of March, in the first year of the reign of the said King Edward that now is.

1 against a record of court, the which record

Ex magno Rot Stat in Turr. Lond. m. 29.

AL Honr de dieu & de seinte Eglise & en amendement des oppssions du poeple, le Roi Edward fiuz le Roi Edward, filz au Roi Edward filz le Roi Henri, a son plement qil tynt a Westmonster aps

Statute the Second.

rpo the honour of God and of Holy A Church, and to the redress of the oppressions of the people, King Edward [the Third,1] at his Parliament holden at Westminster after the Puri-

1 son of King Edward, the son of King Edward, the son of King Henry,

IV. Averment against the record in a writ of false judgement

V. Averment against false returns of bailiffs of liberties.

n.

House-boot and hey-boot within the 'forest.

IX. Liberties of cities, &c.

XIV.

Maintenance.

XVL Keepers of the peace in each county.

142 1 Edward III. Stat. 2. A.D. 1326-7.

fication of our Lady, in the first year of his reign, at the request of the commonalty of his realm, by their petition made before him and his council in the Parliament, by assent of the prelates, earls, barons, and other great men assembled at the said Parliament, hath granted for him and his heirs for ever these articles underwritten.


Item, every man that hath any wood within the forest may take houseboot and heyboot in his said wood, without being attached for jbhe same by any ministers of the forest, so that he do the same by the

view of the foresters.



Item, the King will, that cities, boroughs, and franchised towns, shall enjoy their franchises, customs, and usages, as they ought and were wont to do.



Item, because the King desireth that common right be administered to all persons, as well poor as rich; he commandeth and defendeth, that none of his counsellors, nor of his house, nor none other of his ministers, nor no great man of the realm by himself, nor by other, by sending of letters, nor otherwise, nor none other in this land, great nor small, shall take upon them to maintain quarrels nor parties in the country, to the let and disturbance of the common law. *

Item, for the better keeping and maintenance of the peace, the King will, that in every county good men and lawful, which be [no maintainors of evil, or barretors1] in the country, shall be assigned to keep the peace.

1 No maintained of cursed barretors MS. Tr. 2.

[French removed.]

1 Interlined on the rolL

1 Edward III. Stat. 2.

143

[French removed.]

Item, the King commandeth, that the sheriffs and bailiffs of franchises, and all other that do take indictments in their turns, or elsewhere, where indictments ought to be made, shall take such indictment by roll indented, whereof the one part shall remain with the indictors, and the other part with him that taketh the inquest; so that the indictments shall not be imbezilled as they have been in times past; and so that one of the inquest may shew the one part of the indenture to the justices, when they come to make deliverance.

2 EDWARD III. A.D. 1328.

&tatutu rtntu aptrti Horb'C, anno r. R. <&. Veil podt

ronqaedta sJr'bo.

STATUTE made at NORTHAMPTON;

In the Second Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD the Third after the Conquest.

Ex magno Rot Stat. in Tv/rr. Loud, m. 28.

J^?e seignr lo Roi Edward, le tierz aps Ie conqueste, a son plement tenuz a Norfat as trois semeins de Pascft, Lan de son regne secund, desi-raunt q la pees de sa Sre, & les leis & estatuz avant ces heures ordenez & usez, soient gardez & meintenuz en touz "poyntz, A1 honr de dieu & de seinte eglise, & a ede pfit du poeple, p assent des Prelatz, Countos & Barons'fc autres gntz, & tote la coe du roialme, au dit plement somons, ordena & establit en meisme le plement les choses sonthescrites en la forme q sensuit.

/^iUR lord King Edward, the third ^ after the conquest, at his Parliament holden at Northampton, at the three weeks of Easter, in the second year of his reign, desiring that the peace of his land, and his laws and statutes, ordained and used before this time, may be kept and maintained in all points; to the honour of God and of Holy Church, and to the common profit of the people, by assent of the prelates, earls, barons, and other great men, and all the commonalty summoned to the same Parliament, hath ordained and established in the said Parliament these things underwritten, in form following.

xvn.

Indictments shall be taken by indenture.

2 Edward III. Stat.

A.D. 1328.

n.

Pardons for felony.

27 Ed, I. c.3.

Justices of assise and gaol delivery.

Oyers and terminers.

in.

Hiding or going armed in affray of the peace.



Item, whereas offenders have been greatly encouraged, because [the 1] charters of pardon have been so easily granted in times past,of manslaughters, robberies, felonies, and other trespasses

against the peace; it is ordained and enacted, that such charter shall not be granted, but only where the King may do it by his oath, that is to say, where a man slayeth another in his own defence, or by misfortune: {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.} And also they have been encouraged, because that [2 the justices of gaol-delivery, and of oyer and terminer, have been procured by great men *] against the form of the statute made in the xxvij year of the reign of King Edward, grandfather to our lord the King that now is, wherein is contained, that justices assigned to take assises, if they be laymen, shall make deliverance; and if the one be a clerk, and the other a layman, that the lay judge, with another of the country associate to him, shall deliver the gaols: Wherefore it is enacted, that such [justices8] shall not be made against the form of the said statute; and that the assises, attaints, and certifications be taken before the justices commonly assigned, which should be good men and lawful, having knowledge of the law, and none other, after the form of another statute made in the time of the said [King Edward the First ;4] and that the oyers and terminers shall not be granted but before justices of the one bench or the other, or the justices errants, and that for great [hurt,] or horrible trespasses, and of the King's special grace, after the form of the statute thereof ordained in time of the said grandfather, and none otherwise.

Item, it is enacted, that no man great nor small, of what condition

1 that

2 commissions of gaol delivery and of oier and terminer have been granted to persons procured

8 commissions 4 grandfather



Ensement p* ceo q meffesours ont

este esbauditz de ce q chartres de pdoun ont este si leglment g*ntees avant ces heurqp, des homicides, rofcies, felonies & autres trespas countre la

pees; acorde est & establi <g dels chartres ue soient mes g*ntees fors qen cas ou le Roi le poet faire p son §ment, cest assavoir en cas ou home tue autre soi defendant, ou p infortune: {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.} Et auxint ont este esbauditz de ceo q Justiceries as deli9ances des gaoles, & a oier & Sminer, ont estez g*ntees as gentz pcurez countre forme de lestatut fait en temps le Roi Edward, ael nre Seignr le Roi qore est, en quele est contenuz q les Justices as assises pndre assignez sils soient lais, facent les deltfances; et si lun soit clerc, & lautre lais, q le dit lais, aasocie a lui un autre du pais, facent la deli9ance des gaols; p qoi acorde est & establi, q tiels Justiceries ne soient mes g»ntees countre la forme du dit estatut, & q les assises, atteintes, & Stifications soient pises devant les Justices comunement assignez, q soient bones gentz & loialx & conissantz de la lei, & nemie autres; solonc la forme dun autre statut fait en temps meisme le ael; et q les oiers & ^miners ne

soient grantees forsq,-devant les

Justices de lun Baunk & de lautre, ou les Justices errantz; & ce p* led & orrible trespas, & de lespeciale g*ce le Roi, solonc forme de statut de ce ordene en temps meisme le ael; & nemie autrement.

Ensement acorde est & establi, q nul, g*nt ne petit de quele condicion

qil soit, sauve lee 9jantz le Boi en la psence le Boi, & les Ministres le Boi, enfesantz execution des mandementz le Boi, on de lour office, & ceux qi sont en lour compaignies, eidantz as ditz ministres, & auxint au cri de fait darmes de pees, & ce en lieux ou tielx faitz se ferront, soit si hardi de yenir devant les Justices le Boi, ou autres Ministres le Boi enfesant lour office, a force & armes; ne force meaner en affiai de la pees, ne de chivaucher ne daler arme, ne de nuit ne de jour, en faires, marchees, nen psence des Justices, ne dautres Ministres, ne nule part aillours, sur peine de pdre lour armures au Boi & de lour corps a la prisone a la volunte le Roi. Et q Justices le Boi en lour psences, vis-countes & autres Ministres le Boi en lour baillies, seign's des fraunchises & lour baillifs en yceles, & Meire & Baillift des Citees & Burghs deinz meismes les Citees & Burghs, Burgh-aldres, cones tables, & gardeins de la pees deinz lour gardes, eient poair affaire execution de cest acord. Et q les Justices assignez, a lour venu en pais, eient poair denquere coment tielx Ministres & seignrs ont use lour office en ce, & de punir ceux qils tro9ont, qi nount mie fait ce q a lour office appent.

Et prce q la pees ne poet mie estre hien garde sauntz bons ministres, come

soever he be, except the King's servants in his presence, and his ministers in executing of the King's precepts, or of their office, and such as be in their company assisting them, and also [upon a cry made for arms to keep the peace, and the same in such places where such acts happen,1] be so hardy to come before the King's justices, or other of the King's ministers doing their office, with force and arms, nor bring no force in affray of the peace, nor to go nor ride armed by night nor by day, in fairs, markets, nor in the presence of the justices or other ministers, nor in no part elsewhere, upon pain to forfeit their armour to the King, and their bodies to prison at the King's pleasure. And that the King's justices in their presence, sheriffs, and other ministers (*) in their bailiwicks, lords of franchises, and their bailiffs in the same, and mayors and bailiffs of cities and boroughs, within the same cities and boroughs, and borough-holders, constables, and wardens of the peace within their wards, shall have power to execute this act. And that the justices assigned, at their coming down into the country, shall have power to enquire how such officers and lords have exercised their offices in this case, and to punish them whom they find that have not done that which pertained to their office.

Item, because the peace cannot be IV. well kept without good ministers, as

A TT

1 upon a proclamation of deeds of oonee^in

arms in time of peace, and that in sheriffi, &c. places where such deeds are to be done, confirmed. — See Lib. Bub. Scac. Westffi. fo. 122 b. a writ reciting a grant of K. Richard I.

" qd Tomeamta sint in Angt in v. placias:

Ini Sarr & Wilton: In? Warrewich & Kenelingworth: In? Stanford & Warae-ford: In? Brakele & Mixebf: In? Blie &

Tykehitt. Ita qd pax ?re nre no infringed, n° potestas Justiciaria minorabid Nec de forestis nris dapnu infered."

of the King

K

2 Edward III. Stat. Northompt.

A.D. 1328.

v.

The Statute Westminster the Second,

13 Edw. L chapter 39, concerning the delivery of writs to the sheriff, confirmed.

VIII. Commands shall not he in delay of justice.

sheriffs, bailiffs, and hundreders, which ought to do execution as well of the King's privities as of other things touching our lord the King and his people; it is ordained and established, that the Statute made in the time of King Edward, father to the King that now is, at Lincoln, containing that sheriffs, hundreders, and bailiffs shall be of such people as have lands in the same shires or bailiwicks, shall be observed in all points after the form thereof; and that sheriffs and bailiffs of fee shall cause their counties and bailiwicks to be kept by such as have lands therein.

Item, where it was ordained by the Statute of Westminster the Second, that they which will deliver their writs to the sheriff, shall deliver them in the full county, or in the rere county, and that the sheriff or under sheriff shall thereupon make a bill; it is accorded and established, that at what time or place in the county a man doth deliver any writ to the sheriff or to the under-sheriff, that they shall receive the same writs, and make a bill, after the form contained in the same statute, without taking any thing therefore; and if they refuse to make a bill, others that be present shall set to their seals; and if the sheriff or under-sheriff do not return the said writs, they shall be punished after the form contained in the same statute; and also the justices of assises shall have power to enquire thereof at every man's complaint, and to award damages, as having respect to the delay, and to the loss and peril that might happen.



Item, it is accorded and established, that it shall not be commanded by the great seal nor the little seal to disturb or delay common right; and though such commandments do come,

Viscountes, Baillifs, & Hundreders qi deivent faire execucion, auxibien dee pivetez le Hoi come dautres choses tochantes le Roi & son poeple, acorde est & establi q lestatut fait en temps le Roi Edward, piere le Roi qore est, a Nicole, contenant q Viscontes, Hundreders & Baillifs soient des gentz eantz ?res en meismes les Countez, ou baillies, soit garde en touz pointz solonc la forme dycel, & auxint q les Viscountes & Baillifs de fee, facent garder meismes lour Countez & Baillies p gentz eantz Yres en ycelea

Ensement la ou ordine est, p statut

de Westmons? le secund, q ceux q

li9er volent lour briefs as viscountes,

les li9ent en plein Counte, ou en

rerecounte, & q visconte ou south-

visconte facent sur ce bille; acorde

est & establi q a quele heure ou a queu

lieu deinz le Counte home livre a

viscountes, ou a southviscontes, briefs,

qils les resceivent & facent bille en

la forme contenue en le dit estatut,

& ce sanz rien pndre; et sils refusent

de faire bille, mettent autres lour

sealx qi Sront psentz; et si le Vis-

counte ou le South viscounte ne retome

mie les briefs, soient puniz solonc la

forme contenue en le dit estatut; &

jadumeins eient les Justices as assises

pndre assignez poair denquer de ce a

chescuny pleintefe de agarder damages,

eant regard au delai, & a les ptes &

pils qi p*ront avenir.



Ensement acorde est & establi q

mande ne soit, p le g*nt seal ne p le petit seal, a destourber ou delayer coe droit; & mesq, tielx mandementz

147

veignent q p tant les Justices ne srses-

sent pas de faire droit en nul point.


Et come touz les Countez Den-gleSre furent aundenement assis a Steine ferme, & adonqs furent touz les Hundredz & les Wapentakes, en les meins des viscountes, apordonez a cele ferme, et puis furont approwours mandez en di9s Contez, les queux encrustrent les fermes dascuns Hundredz & Wapentakes, et puis les Hois en dtfs temps ont g*ntez as di9s gentz pties des Hundredz & Wapentakes, pr les auncienes fermes tantsoulement, & jatardeis les viscountes sont chargez entierment del encrees q amount a g*nte sume, a g»nt damage du poeple & deshitance de viscountes & de lour heirs; acorde est & establi q des Hundredz & Wapentakes baillez a ferme p le Roi qore est, soit il a Sme de vie ou autrement, q aundenement furent annex as fermes des Countez ou les viscontes sont chargez, soient rejointz as Countez, et q de temps passe eient les viscountes ou lour heires allowance; & q desore en avant teux Wapentakes, ne Hundredz ne soient donez

ne se9ez des Countez.

Ensement est acorde & establi q maunde soit a touz les viscountes DengleSre, & p aillours ou mestier 8ra> a crier & publier, deinz famchises & dehors, q touz les Seign's q feires enount, soit il p* Steine ferme ent rendant au Roi, ou autrement, les tiegnent p* le temps qils de9ont, & nemie outre; cest asavoir ceux qi les ount p chres des Rois pr les temps a eux g»untez p les dites chres; et ceux qi les ount sanz chre pr temps queux ils les deivent tenir de droit. Et q chescun Seignr au comencement de sa

the justices shall not therefore leave to do right in any point.


Item, whereas all the counties in England were in old time assessed to a certain ferm, and then were all the hundreds and wapentakes in the sheriffs hands rated to this ferm; and after were approvers sent into divers counties, which did increase the ferms of some hundreds and wapentakes; and after, the Kings at divers times have granted to many men part of the same hundreds and wapentakes for the old ferms only; and now late the sheriffs be wholly charged of the increase, which amount-eth to a great sum, to the great hurt of the people, and disherison of the sheriffs and their heirs: It is ordained, that the hundreds and wapentakes let to ferm by the King that now is, be it for term of life or otherwise, which were sometimes annexed to the ferms of the counties where the sheriffs be charged, shall be joined again to the counties; and that the sheriffs and their heirs have allowance for the time that is past; and that from henceforth such hundreds and wapentakes shall not be given nor severed from the counties.

Item, it is established, that it shall be commanded to all the sheriffs of England, and elsewhere where need shall require, to cry and publish within liberties and without, that all the lords which have fairs, be it for yielding certain ferm for the same to the King, or otherwise, shall hold the same for the time that they ought to hold it, and no longer; that is to say, such as have them by the King's charter granted them, for the time limited by the said charters; and also they that have them without charter, for the time that they ought to hold them of right And that every lord at the beginning of his fair shall there


XTT. Hundreds and wapentakes shall be annexed to counties, and not let to ferm.

XV. Keeping of fhirs, for the time limited by charter, &c.

148

2 Edward III. Stat.

A.D. 1828.

XVI. See Stat.

12 Edw. II, c. 3.

Inquests in the country shall be granted on request of the tenant

do cry and publish how long the fair shall endure; to the intent that merchants shall not be at the same fairs over the time so published, upon pain to be grievously punished towards the King; nor the said lords shall not hold them over the due time, upon pain to seize the fairs into the King's hands, there to remain till they have made a fine to the King for the offence, after it be duly found, that the lords held the same fairs longer than they ought, or that the merchants have sitten above the time so cried and published.

Item, whereas in a Statute made at York, in the time of the father of our lord the King that now is, it is contained that inquests and juries, which be and shall be hereafter taken, requiring no great examination, shall be taken before one justice of the place where the plea is, adjoining to him one discreet man of the country, knight, or other, so that a certain day be given in the bench, and a certain day and place in the country, in the presence of the parties, if the demandant pray the same; and also the inquests and juries in plea of land, which require great examination, shall be taken in the country in the said form before two justices of the bench: It is accorded and enacted, that all such inquests which are, or in time to come shall be taken, in plea of land, shall be taken as well at the request of the tenant as the demandant; all other process according to the said statute in such case saved and kept

feire face crier & publier en ycele come longement sa feire se tendra, Issint q les March antz ne seessent es dites feires outre le temps issint publiez, sur peine destre grevement puniz de9s le Roi; ne q les ditz Seign'B outre les droitz temps les tiegnent, sur peine apndre les feires en la meyn le Roi, a demorer tanqils eient fait fin au Roi p* le trespas, aps ceo q trove 3ra duement qe les Seignrs les ount tenuz plus longement qils de9ont, ou q les marchauntz ount sis outre le temps issint publiez & criez.

Et come en un estatut fait a E?wyk, en temps le piere nfe Seignr le Roi qore est, soit contenuz q les enquestes & jurees qe sont & Sront apndre, q ne sont mie de g*nt examinement, soient pises devant un Justice de la place ou la plee est, associe a lui un pdhome da pais, Chivaler ou autre, issint q Stein jour soit done en Bank, & Stein jour & lieu en pais en psenoe de pties, si le demandant le p*e; & auxint les enquestes & jurees en plee de ?re, qe demandent gant examinement, soient pises en pais en la forme susdite devant deux Justices du Bank: acorde est & establi q totes tiels enquestes, q sont ou en temps avenir a pndre Uront, en plee de %re, soient pises auxibien a la piere le tenant come le demandant; tout lautre pees acorde en dit estatut, en tieu cas sauve & garde.

4 EDWARD HI. A.D. 1330.

A.D. 1330.

149

Jfrtatatu rnttn aptrti watatm, amto reqrn leu <&. Veil posit conquest' quarto.

STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER;

In the Foubth Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD the Third after the Conquest.

Ex magno Rot Stat in Turr. LoncL

m. 27.

A U Parlement somons a West-mostier, le Lundy pscheyn aps la feste de Seinte Ka?ine, lan du regne n?e Seignr le Roi Edward, tierz aps le Conquest, quart, Si sont les choses soutzescriptes, a la requeste de la Comunalte, assentuz & acordez p lire Seignr le Roi, Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & autres gantz de mesme le plement, les queux choses nfe Seignr le Roi voet qen touz les Counteez de Engle?re soient mandez, a publier & fermement garder.

Easement est acorde q bones gentz & sages, autres q des places si hdme les puisse trover suffisantz, soient assignez en touz les Counteez Denglefre apndre les assises, jureez & Stificacions, & a deliver les gaoles; et qles ditz Justices preignent les assises, jurees, & Stifi-cacions, & deli9ent les gaoles, au meyns troiz foitz p an, & plus sovent si meatier §ra, & soient auxint assignez bones gentz & loialx, en chescun Countee, a garder la pees; & soit fait mencion es ditz assignementz, q ceux qi 2ront enditez ou pris p les ditz gardeins, ne soient pas lessez au meyn-prise par les Viscountes ne par nul autre, ails ne soyent meynpnables p la lei, ne q tieux enditez ne soient

At the Parliament, summoned at Westminster, the Monday next after the feast of Saint Katherine, in the fourth year of the reign of King Edward, the third after the conquest, these things underwritten, at the request of the commons be established and enacted by our lord the King, his prelates, earls, and barons, and other (l) of the same Parliament; which things our lord the King will (2) to be published, and surely observed in all his counties of England.

Item, it is ordained, that good and discreet persons, other than of the places, if they may be found sufficient, shall be assigned in all the shires of England, to take assises, juries, and certifications, and to deliver the gaols; and that the said justices shall take the assises, juries, and certifications, and deliver the gaols, at the least three times a year, and more often, if need be; also there shall be assigned good and lawful men in every county to keep the peace; and [at the time of the assignments,8] mention shall be made that such as shall be indicted or taken by the said keepers of the peace, shall not be let to mainprise by the sheriffs, nor by none other ministers, if they be not mainpernable by the law; nor that such as

1 great men 3 that they be sent

1 in the said assignments

IL

Justices of tssise, gaol-delivery, and justices of the peace.

150

4 Edward 111.

A.D. 1830.

vn.

Executors shall have an action of trespass for a wrong done to their testator.

IX. Sheriffs, &c. shall have sufficient in the county.

9 Edw. n. StatS.

XL Justices of assises and nisi prius may enquire concerning maintainers, &c.

shall be indicted, shall not be delivered bat at the common law. And the justices assigned to deliver the gaols shall have power to deliver the same gaols of those that shall be indicted before the keepers of the peace; and that the said keepers shall send their indictments before the justices, and they shall have power to enquire of sheriffs, gaolers, and other, in whose ward such indicted persons shall be, if they make deliverance, or let to mainprize any so indicted, which be not mainpernable, and to punish the said sheriffs, gaolers, and others, if they do any thing against this act.

Item, whereas in times past executors have not had actions for a trespass done to their testators, as of the goods and chattels of the same testators carried away in their life, and so such trespasses have hitherto remained unpunished; it is enacted, that the executors in such cases shall have an action against the trespassers, [and recover their1] damages in like manner as they, whose executors they be, should have had if they were in life.


Item, it is accorded, that no sheriff,

bailiff of hundred, wapentake, nor of franchise, nor under-escheators, shall be from henceforth, except he have lands sufficient in the place where they be ministers, whereof to answer the King and his people, in case that any man complain against them; as it was ordained at another time at the Parliament holden at Lincoln, in the time of the King's father that now is, that is to say, in the ninth year of his reign.

Item, where in times past divers

people of the realm, as well great men as other, have made alliances* confederacies, and conspiracies, to

1 to recover MS. Tr. 2.

deli9ez forq> a la coe lei. Et eient les Justices, assignez a la deli9ance des gaoles, poair a deliver les gaoles de ceux qi §ront enditez devant les gar-deins de la pees; et q les ditz gardeins mandent devant les ditz Justices lour enditementz, et eient les ditz Justices poair denquere sur viscountes, gaolers, & autres en qi garde tieux enditez Sront, sils facent deli9ance ou lessent a meynprise nulles issint enditez, qi ne sont mie meynpnables, & de punir les ditz viscountes, gaolers & autres sils facent riens contre cest acord.

Item, come avant ces houres, ex-ecutours nont pas eu acdon des trespas faites as testatours, come des biens & chateux des ditz testatours emportez en lour vie, & issint tieux trespas ont este depunitz tanq encea, si est acorde, q les executours en tieu cas eient acdon de9s les trespassours, p* damage en tieu cas recover, en mafie come ceux qi executours ils sount, avereient, sils fuissent en vie.

Item est acorde q nul Yiscounte, baillif de Hundred, Wapentak, ne de Fraunchise, ne soutz Eschetour, ne soit desore, sil neit ?re suffisaument es lieus ou ils sont ministite, dont re-spoundre au Roi & au poeple, en cas si hdme vodra pleindre de9s eux; come autrefoitz fut ordene au parle-ment de Nicole, en temps le piere nfe Seignp le Roi qore est, cest assavoir, lan de son regne noefisme.

Item pr ceo q avant ces houres, plusours gentz du roialme, auxibien gantz, come autres, ount fait alliaunces, confederacies, & conspiracies, a meyn-

A.D. 1830.

4 Edward III.

151

tenir parties, pleez, & quereles, paronnt plusours gentz onnt este atort des-heritez; & ascnns reintz & destruz; b ascnns, p* donte destre mahemez, & batuz, noserent pas seuyr lonr droit, ne pleindre, ne les jnronrs des en-qnestes lor verditz dire, a g*nt damage da poeple & arerissement de la lei, & de coe droit; Si est acorde, q les Justices del un Bannk & del autre, & les Justices as assises prendre assignez, a totes les foitz qil vendront a faire lonr sessions, ou a pndre enqnestes, & Nisi prius, enqueregent, oient, & Eminent, 'auxibien a la seute le Roi, come a la seute de ptie, sur tieux meyntenours, erapnours, & conspira-tonrs, & anxint de Champartours, & des totes autres choses contenuz en dit article, auxiavant come Justices de eyre ferroient, sils fuissent en mesme le Countee; & ceo q ne poet estr Ymine devant les Justices del un B&unk, ou de lautre, & le Nisi prius, pr brefte de lour demoer en pais, seit ajoomee en les places dont ils sont Justices, & illoeqes ?minee, selonc droit & reson.

maintain parties, pleas, and quarrels, whereby divers have been wrongfully disinherited; and some ransomed and destroyed; and some, for fear to be maimed and beaten, durst not sue for their right, nor complain, nor the jurors of inquests give their verdicts, to the great hurt of the people, and [slander1] of the law, and common' right; it is accorded, that the justices of the one bench and of the other, and the justices of assises, whensoever they come to hold their sessions, or to take inquests upon nisi prius, shall enquire, hear, and determine, as well at the Kings suit, as at the suit of the party, of such maintainers, bearers-and conspirators, and also of them that commit champerty, and of all other things contained in the foresaid article, as well as justices in eyre should do if they were in the same county; and that which cannot be determined before the justices of the one bench or the other upon the nisi prius, [for shortness of time,2] shall be adjourned into the [place3] whereof they be justices, and there be determined as right and reason shall require.


1 arrerage and hyndrance MS. Tr. 2.

2 for their brief and short abydyng in the countrie MS. Tr. 2.

3 places

6 EDWARD III. A.D. 1381.

IV. Sheriffs, &c. shall hare sufficient in the county.

V.

2 E. m. c. 15.

152

A.D. 1331.

&tatotu rUttum apah SWedtm,

amto ngitt &. Chtoarhi frit posit ComjurOttim qutnto.

hto. qtitnto.

STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER;

In the Fifth Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD the Thibd after the Conquest.

Ex Tnagno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Loud, m. 26.

At the Parliament holden at the morrow after Saint Michael, in the fiftli year of the reign of King Edward, the third after the conquest, our lord the King, by the assent of the prelates, earls, barons, and other great men of the realm there assembled, to the honour of God and of Holy Church, and at the request of his people, hath granted and established these things underwritten, which he will to be kept and maintained for ever.



Item, it is accorded and enacted, that no sheriff, under escheator, bailiff of franchises, wapentakes, hundreds, nor tithings, shall from henceforth be, except he have lands sufficient in the same county, whereof to answer the King and his people, if any will complain.

Item, where it is contained in the Statute made at Northampton, in the second year of the reign of the King that now is, that the lords which have fairs by charters or otherwise, shall hold them during the time that they ought to do, and no longer, upon pain to seize such fairs into the King's hands; and that every lord at the beginning of his fair do cry and proclaim therein how long the fair shall endure; and in the same statute

A U parlement somons a Westm, lendemein de Seint Michel, lan du Regne le Roi Edward, tierz aps le Conquest, quint, si ad nfe Seignr le Roi p assent des pfratz, Counted, Barons, & autfs grantz du roialme illoeqs assemblez, a lonr de Dieu & de seinte eglise, & a la requests de son poeple, gante & establi les choses suthescrites, les queles il voet q tenuz soient, gardez, & meyntenuz, a touz jours.



Auxint est acorde & establi q nul

Viscounte, Southeschetour, Baillif de fraunchise, Wapentak, Hundred, ne Trithing, soit desore, sil neit he suffisaument, en meisme le Counte, dount respondre au Roi, & au poeple, si home se voudra pleindre.

Item come contenuz soit en lestatut fait a Norhampton, lan du regne le Roi qore est Becund, q les Seignrs qi feires ont, par chartres ou en autre maSe, les tiegnent p1* le temps qils de9ont, & ne mie outre, sur la peine aprendre les feires en la meine le Roi; & q chescun Seignr au comeuce-ment de sa feire, face crier & pub-lier en yoele, come longement sa feire se tendra; & en meisme lestatut nest

153

mie ordeine Stein punissement contre lee marchantz sil vendent aps le temps; si est acorde & establi q lea ditz marchantz aps le dit temps facent dore lour sendee & estaux, santz mettre nolle mafie de flee ou mar-chandise a vente illoeqs; et si trove soit desore, q nul marchant vende es dites feires flee on marchandise aps le dit temps, pde le dit marchant 9s nfe Seignr le Boi, le double de ce qil issint a?a vendu; et a ce atteindre soit chescnn h5me resceu qi vondra sure p* nfe Seign* le Boi, & eit celui qi issint snera la quarte ptie de ce q 9ra a sa sente issint pdn.

i #

Item p* ce q les gentz enditez des felonies, robies, & larcins einz ces henres ont fait venir lour endite-mentz devant le Boi, & illoeqs se sont renduz, & p les Mareschalx du Baunk le Boi ont este meintenant lessez en bail, et puis ont fait plusours malx & agaits de tuer ou malfaire lour en-ditours, et auxint les appellez des felonies, aps lexigende issue sur eux, se sont renduz devant le Boi, & ont este p les ditz Mareschalx lessez en bail; Si est acorde & establi, q les ditz enditez & appelletz soient seure-ment & sauvement gardez en prisone, come y appent, selonc la charge q les ditz Mareschalx a9ont des Justices. Et si nul Mareschal face autrement, a la pleinte de chescun qi pleindre se voudra, la Justice lui ferra droit, durant le tme; Et qen la fin des Smes, sur lour lever, elisent les ditz Mareschalx devant meismes les Justices avant lour departir des places, en quele ville ils voudront garder tielx

is no certain punishment ordained against the merchants if they sell after the time: It is accorded, that the said merchants after the said time shall dose their [boothsl] and stalls without putting any manner of ware or merchandize to sell there; and if it be found, that any merchant from henceforth sell any ware or merchandize at the said fairs after the said time, such merchant shall forfeit to our lord the King the double value of that which [is sold ;a] and (*) every man that will sue for our lord the King, shall be received, and [also have 4] the fourth part ef that which shall be lost at his suit


Item, because that persons indicted of felonies, robberies, and theft, in times past have removed the same indictment before the King, and there yielded themselves, and by the marshals of the King's Bench have been incontinently let to bail, and after have done many evil deeds, and lien in wait to slay and evil intreat their enditors; and also persons appealed of felony, after the exigent awarded, have yielded themselves before the King, and have been let to bail by the said marshals: It is accorded and established, that such enditees and appellees shall be safely and surely kept in prison, as belongeth to them according to the charge which the said marshals shall have of the justices. And if any marshal do otherwise, at the complaint of every man that will complain, the justices shall do him right during the terms; and in the end of the terms, upon their rising, the said marshals shall choose before the said justices, before they depart the places, in what town they will

1 fieldis shoppes MS. Tr. 2.

he shall have so sold; MS. Tr. 2.

2 for this purport

4 he who so sueth, shall have MS. Tr. 20

The penalty for selling ware at a fidr after it is ended.

vra.

Of the custody of prisoners by the marshals of the King's Bench.

154-

.5 Edwabd IIL

,A,T>. 1331.

The penalty for letting prisoners go' at large;

or escape.

IX. No unlawful attachment, &c.

XI.

Process against felons appealed, See. in one county, and dwelling in another.

keep such prisoners, at their peril; and in the same town they shall [allow to them1] houses to keep such prisoners at their own costs and charges; and there they shall keep them in prison, and shall not suffer them to go wandering abroad, neither by bail nor without bail: And if any such prisoner be found wandering out of prison, by bail or without bail, and that be found at the King's suit, or at the suit of the party, the marshals which shall be found thereof guilty, shall have half a year's imprisonment, and be ransomed at the King's will; and the justices shall thereof make enquiry when they see time; and as to the marshals, [it shall be done within the verge,9] that which reason will. And in case that the marshals suffer by their assent such prisoners to escape, they shall be at the law, as before this time they have been. And the King intendeth not by this statute to lose the escape, where he ought to have the same.

Item, it is enacted, that no man from henceforth shall be attached by any accusation, nor forejudged of life or limb, nor his lands, tenements, goods, nor chattels seised into tha King's hands, against the form of the Great Charter, and the law of the land.

Item, where in times past some persons appealed or indicted of divers felonies in one county, or outlawed in the same county, have been dwelling or received in another county, whereby such felonious persons indicted and outlawed have been encouraged in their mischief, because they may not be attached in another county; it is enacted, that the justices assigned to hear and determine such felonies, shall direct their writs to all the

1 hire

2 within the vierge, shall be done

prisons a lour pil; & en meisme la ville allowent mesons pur la garde des prisons a lour custages demeigne, & illoeqs les gardent en pisone, & ne les sofferent nulle pt aler waskerantz, ne p bail ne santz bail: et si nul tiel prison soit trove, p bail ou santz bail, waskerant hors de pfeone, & ce soit trove a la seute le Roi, ou a la seute de ptie, eient les Mareschalx, qi de ce sJront trovez coupables, la p*sone dun demy an, & outre soient reintz a la volente le Roi; et facent les Justices de ce enquere qant ils 9ront temps; et qant au Mareschal, soit fait de la 9ge, ceo q resone voudra. Et en cas q les Mareschalx soeffrent p lour assent tielx pisons eschaper, soient a la lei come avant heures ont estez; et nentend pas le Roi p cest estatut de pdre leschap ou il le de9a avoir.

Item est acorde & establi q nul home soit desore attache p nul accuse-ment, ne foijugge de vie ne de mem-bre, ne ses fires, tenz, biens ne chateux seisiz en la mein le Roi, contre la fourme de la gante Chartre & la lei de la ?re.


Item come avant ces heures ascuns appellez ou enditez de dieses felonies en un Counte, ou utlagez en meisme le Counte, ont este demorantz ou recet-tez en autfs Countez, pont les felons enditez & utlagez ont este co9tz en lour malveistez, de ce qils ne poeint estre attafchez en autre Counte; si est acorde & establi q les Justices, as-signez doier & {miner tieles felonies, facent lour brefs p touz les Countez

155

Dengleftre, on mes? §ra, a pndre tielx enditez.

Auxint eat acorde & establi, qen cas on le pleintif recovre damages, & a la sente le Hoi celtd de9s qi les damages sont reco9iz seit utlage, q nulle chartre de pdoun soit grante de cele utlaglie, si le Chaunceller ne soit appris q gree soit fait a meisme le pleintif des damages. Et en cas ou home soit utlage p pees devant ce qil apierge, q nulle tiele chartre soit gante, si le Chaunceller ne soit appris q tiel utlag se eit renduz a la prisone, devant Justices en place dont le bref dexigend issist; cest assa9, si de la place le Hoi, q adonqs il se rende en meisme la place; et si du coe Baunk, adonqs se rend illoeqs; et si des Justices assignez doier & Sminer, seantz meismes les Justices, se rend devant eux, et sils soient levez, adonqs se rend en la place le Roi devant les Justices, & devant eux soit fait venir le record & pees p bref: & les Justices susditz, devant queux ils 8ront issint renduz, fecent gamir la ptie pleintif destre a Stein jour devant eux; a quel jour, le si gamissement soit duement tesmoigne,adonqs pledent surle pimer bref original, auxicome nulle utlaglie neust este pnunde, si le pleintif viegne an gamissement; et sil ne viegne mie, soit lutlage deli9s p 9tue de sa chartre; et est a entendre q totes tieles chartres sont de la g*ce le Roi, come avant ont este.

Item p* ce q moltz de gentz duement utlagez ont deffait les utlaglies pnundez sur eux, p cause denpHaone-

counties of England, where need shall be, to take such persons indicted.

Item, it is established and ordained, that in case where the plaintiff shall recover damages, and he against whom the damages be recovered be outlawed at the King's suit, that no charter of pardon shall be granted of [his1] outlawry, except the chancellor be certified that the plaintiff is satisfied of his damages. And in case that a man be outlawed by process before his appearance, no such charter shall be granted, except the chancellor be certified that such person outlawed hath yielded himself to prison before the justices of the place, from whence the writ of exigent issued; that is to say, if from the King's [Bench,2] then he shall yield him in the same place; and if from the Common [Bench,8] then he shall yield himself there; and if from the justices of oyer (*) terminer, whiles the same justices do sit, he shall yield him before them; and if they be risen, then he shall yield him in the King's Bench before the justices, and the record with the process shall be removed before them by writ: And the said justices before whom they shall so yield them, shall cause the party plaintiff to be warned to appear before them at a certain day; at which day, if the warning be duly witnessed, and the plaintiff appear upon his warning, then they shall plead upon the first original writ, as though no outlawry had been pronounced; and if the plaintiff come not, he that is outlawed shall be delivered by virtue of his charter; and it is to be understood, that all such charters be of the grace of the King, as before they have been.

Item, because divers people being duly outlawed, have avoided the outlawries pronounced against them, by

1 this 8 place MS. Tr. 2. 3 and

xn.

Of pardon on outlawries.

Satisfaction of plaintiffs damages.

On outlawry before appearance, party outlawed shall yield himself.

Plaintiff shall be warned to appear and proceed.

YTTT Averment of plaintifft (or for the King) shall be received against

imprisonment, alleged to defeat outlawry.

In dorso Rotuli.

III.

Executors shall not fourch by essoin.

reason of imprisonments untruly testified by sheriffs and others which have no record; it is enacted, that if any from henceforth will defeat any outlawry pronounced upon him by such testimony, that he shall yield himself to the prison, and then the justices of the King's Bench shall cause the party at whose suit the outlawry was pronounced, to be warned to be before them at a certain day; at which day, if the party will verify that the testimony is untrue, his averment shall be received. And in like manner the King's serjeant, or his attorney, or other that will sue for the King, shall be received to have the same averment against such testimony, in case where such outlawry is pronounced at the King's suit.

raent, tesmoigne nient Vitablement p viscountes & autres qi nont pas record; Si est acorde & establi q si nul desore enavant voille deffaire lutlagie pnuncie sur lui p tiele tesmoignanoe, qil se rend al a pisone, & adonqs les Justices du Baunk le Hoi facent garair la ptie, a qi seute lutlagtie estoit pnuncie, destre devant Oux a Stein jour, a queu jour, si la ptie voille a9rer, q la tesmoignance ne soit pas Citable, soit resceu a la9rement. En mesme la mafie soit le Sjant le Roi, ou son attoume, ou autre qi voudra sure pr le Roi, resceu a la virement contre tiele tesmoignance, en cas ou lutlaglie soit pnuncie a la seute le Roi.

9 EDWARD HI. A.D. 1335.

2U>tul' tic statute ditto apttb QFbov*; arato r. r. frit poOt ComjttcOttt tiotto.

ROLL of The STATUTE made at YORK;

In the Ninth Year of the Reig after the

Statute the First.


Item, at the request of the said commons made to our lord the King in his said Parliament, it is ordained and established by our lord the King, by the assent of the prelates, earls, barons, and other great men, and the commons aforesaid, that in a writ of debt brought against divers executors, the same executors, nor any of them, shall have but one essoign before appearance, that is to say, at the summons or attachment; nor after appearance they shall have but one essoign, as the testator should

n of K. EDWARD, the Third Conquest.

Ex magrio Hot. Stat in. Turr.

LoncL m. 25.

Ensement a la requeste des dites comunaltez, feite a nre Seign* le Roi a son dit parlement, ordine est & establi par nre Seign1* le Roi, del assent des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & autre gantz & coes avantdites, q ou brief de dette est porte 9s plusurs executours, q les ditz executours ne nul de eux ne eit forsq^ un essoigne avant apparance, ceet assavoir a la somonse ou a lattachement; ne aps apparance ne eient q un essoigne

9 Edward III. Stat 1.

157

have had; so that (*) all the executors do [present2] the person of the testator as one person: It is also enacted, that though the sheriff do answer at the summons, that some of them have nothing whereby he may be summoned, yet there shall an attachment be awarded upon [them5]; and if the sheriff answer, that he hath nothing whereby he may be attached, the great distress shall be awarded, so that at the great distress returned upon them, he or they that do first appear in the court shall answer to the plaintiff. And although some of them have appeared in the court, and make default at the day that the great distress is returned upon the other, yet nevertheless he or they shall be put to answer, that first appeared, at the great distress returned; and in case the judgement Judgment pass for the plaintiff, he shall have his ^wTiome judgement and execution against them only plead, that have pleaded, according to the law heretofore used, and against all other named in the writ, of the goods of the testator, as well as if they had all pleaded. And it is to be understood, that if any, in Buch case, will sue according to the law that hath been used heretofore, he may freely do it notwithstanding this statute.

i i t

come le testatour a9eit; issint q mes ne peussent fourcher p essoigne, ne avant apparance ne aps apparance; et p* ceo q touz les executours represented la persone le testatour come une persone, si est auxint acorde & establi q tout soit ceo q visconte respoigne, a la somonse, q ascun de eux neit riens ou il poet estre somons, jadumeins soit agarde latachement sr lui; et si le visconte respoigne qil nad riens p quei il poet estre attache, soit agarde le gande destresce, issint q a la g*nde des-tresce retoume sr eux, respoigne al pleintif celui ou ceux qi priflement apparra ou apparrunt en Court. Et tout soit ceo q ascun de eux eit Apparu en Court, & face defaute au jour q la g*nde destresce soit retourne sr les autres, jadumeins respoigne celui ou ceux qi primes appara ou apparrunt a la gande destresce retrne; et en cas q jugement passe pr le pleintif, se face le jugement & exe-cucion de?s ceux qi unt pledez, solonc la lei avant use, & de9s touz les autres nomez en le brief, des biens le testatour, auxicome ils eussent trestouz pledez. Et est a entendre q si nul en tieu cas voudra suire, selonc la lei q cea enarere ad este use, q franchement le peusse faire, nient contrestant cest estatut.

1 executors shall not forch by essoin neither before appearance, nor after; and because that

2 represent 3 him

14 EDWARD III. A.D. 1340.

158

AJ). 1340.

Statute the First.

fTIO the honour of God and of Holy A Church, by the assent of the prelates, earls, barons, and other, assembled at the Parliament holden at Westminster the Wednesday next after Mid-Lent, in the fourteenth year of the reign of our lord King Edward the Third of England, and the first year of his reign of France; the King, for the peace and quietness of his people, as well great as small, doth grant and establish the things underwritten, which he will to be holden and kept in all points perpetually to endure.

I- b First, that Holy Church have her of KbCTtiw°n liberties in quietness, without interruption or disturbance; and that the Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest, be holden in all points; and that the city of London, and all other cities and boroughs of the realm of England, have all their franchises and customs, which they have reasonably had and used in time past.

VI. Records defective by misprision of

clerks amendable.

vn.

Sheriffs shall be appointed annually at the Exchequer.

Item, it is assented, that by the misprision of a clerk in any place wheresoever it be, no process shall be adnulled, or discontinued, by mistaking in writing one syllable, or one letter too much or too little; but as soon as the thing is perceived, by challenge of the party, or in other manner, it shall be hastily amended in due form, without giving advantage to the party that challengeth the same because of such misprision.

Item, because that some sheriffs have their bailiwicks for term of years of the King's grant, and some do so much trust to tarry in their office by procurement, that they be encouraged

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. L m. 23, 22.

AL honr de Dieu & de seinte

assent des Prelatz, Contes, Barons, & aufs assemblez au plement tenuz au Weymonstier le Meskerdy pcheine apres my quarresme, lan du regne nre Seignr le Hoi Edward Denglefre quatorzisme, & de France phner, si ad le Hoi pr eese & quiete de son poeple, ausibien des g*ntz come des petite, g*nte & establi les choses desoutz escriptes, les queux il voet q soient tenuz & gardez en toutez poyntz ppetuelment adurer.

Primerement q Seinte eglise eit ses franchises en quiete, saunz empeche-ment ou destourbance; & q la g»nde Chartre & la Chartre de la Foreste

soient tenuz en touz pointz; et q la Citee de Londfs, & touz les au?s Citeez & Burghs du Roialme Denglefre eient toutes lor franchises & usages, queles ils ont resonablement eu & usez cea en arere.

Item est assentuz & establi, q p mesprision du clerc, en quecunq> place q ce soit, ne ne soit pees anientiz, ne discontinue, p mespndre en escrivant un Ire ou un silable trop, ou trop poi; mes si tot q la chose soit apeeu, p chalenge du ptie ou en autre maQe, soit hastivement amende en due forme, sanz doner avantage au ptie q ce cha-lange p cause de tieu mesprision.

Item pr ce q ascuns viscontes ont lor baillies a fine des ans, du g*nt le Hoi, & ascuns se fient tant de lor long demoere en lor baillie p penrement, qils sont esbaudiz de faire moultz dies

14 Edwabd III. Stat. 1.

159

oppssions au poeple, & de mal 8vir au Roi & a son poeple; si est assentuz & establi, q nul viscount demoerge en 8& baillie outre un an, & adonqes soit autre covenable ordene en son lieu, qad $re suffisante en sa baillie, p les Chauncellier, Tresorer, & chief Baron de Lescheqer, pris a eux les chiefs Justices del un Bank & del autre, sils soient presentz; & ce soit fait chescun an lendemein des Aimes a Lescheqer.

Et comeen ascuns temps avant ces heures il navoit forsq> deux Eschetours eu Engleftre, cest assavoir un Esche-tour de cea Trente, & un autre de dela, pr quoi le Roi et le poeple furent meins bien serviz q avant ces houres nestoient, qant il y aveit plus des Eschetours & de meindre estat; si est aweatuz & acorde q desore en avant soient t&untz des Eschetours assignez, come estoient en le temps qant le Roi qore est prist le go9nement de son Roialme Denglefre; & q mesmes les Eschetours soient esluz p les Chauncellier, Tresorer, & chief Baron de LeBcheqer, pris a eux les chiefs Justices del un Bank & del autre, sils soient psentz, en mafie come est susdit des viscountes; et q nul eschetour demoerge en son office outre un an; & q nul Coroner soit esluz sil neit ?re en fee suffisauntment, en mesme le Contee, dont il prra respondre a tote

to do many oppressions to the people, and evil service to the King and his people; it is assented and established, that no sheriff shall tarry in his bailiwick over one year, and then another convenient shall be ordained in his place, that hath land sufficient in his bailiwick, by the chancellor, treasurer, and chief baron of the Exchequer, taking to them the chief justices of the one bench and of the other, if they be present; and that shall be done yearly in the morrow of All Souls, at the Exchequer.

Item, whereas sometime there were viIL no more but two escheators in Eng- E*<?aton»; land, that is to say, one escheator on this side Trent, and another beyond, whereby the King and the people were worse served than in the time when there were divers escheators, and of less estate; it is assented and their number; accorded, that from henceforth there shall be as many escheators assigned, as were in the time when the King that now is did take the governance of this realm upon him; and that appointment; the same escheators be chosen by the chancellor, treasurer, and the chief baron of the Exchequer, taking to them the chief justices of the one bench and the other, if they be present, in manner as is afore said of sheriffs; and that no escheator tarry continuance in in his office above a year; and that no offlce 5 coroner be chosen unless he have land th^nere; in fee sufficient in the same county, sufficiency, whereof he may answer to all manner of people.

Et pT ce q moultz de meschiefs sont avenuz p my le Roialme, de ce q les viscountes ount lessez les Hundredz, & lee Wapentaks, a plus haute ferme qils ne rendent au Roi, & mesmes les Fermors les lessent as autfs plus chier dee g*ndes sdmes, en tieu mafie p si haute lees & enhansier des fermes, &

Item, whereas many mischiefs be IX. happened through the realm, for that the sheriffs have let the hundreds and shall be wapentakes .to an higher ferm than *

they yield to the King, and the counties; formers do let the same to other at more higher and greater sums, in such manner that by the high letting and enhancing of the ferms, and by the

160

14 Edwabd III. stat. 1.

A.D. 1340.

See Statute 2 Ed. 3. c. 12.

and be fSirmed at the ancient rent

Outriders, &c. abolished.

Only one bailiff errant in one county.

Bailiwicks in fee.

Who shall

punish

offenders.

[great1] number of bailiffs errants, out-riders, and other whom the sheriffs, bailiffs, and hundreders do put in, the people be in divers manners charged and grieved; it is assented and accorded, that from henceforth all the wapentakes and hundreds which be severed from the counties, shall be rejoyned to the same counties, as before this time hath been established by another statute; and that the sheriffs hold the same in their own hands, and put in such bailiffs and hundreders, having lands within the bailiwicks and hundreds, for whom they will answer: And if they will let any hundreds, bailiwicks, or wapentakes to ferm, they shall let the same at the ancient ferm without any thing increasing; and that the King and his people be served by such bailiffs and hundreders, and their under-bailiffs, in avoiding for ever the out-riders and other, which in divers counties beforetime have notoriously [grieved2] the people. And that no bailiff errant be, but in the counties where bailiffs errants have been in times past, in the time of the King's grandfather that now is; and that there be no more but one bailiff errant in one county. And in the same manner it is assented, that all other, of what estate or condition they be, which have bailiwicks or hundreds in fee, if they the same will hold in their own hands, then they shall put in such bailiffs for whom they will answer; and if they will let the same in ferm to other, then they shall let the same at the ancient ferm without any thing increasing, as afore is said: And the justices of the one bench and the other, the barons of the Exchequer, and the justices assigned, shall have power to inquire of all those that offend against this ordinance, at all

1 greater

1 destroyed

plus g*nt nombre des baillifs errantz, outriders & au&, q les viscontes, baillifs & hundreders y mettent, si est le poeple en di9se mafie charge & greve; si est assentuz & acorde, q desore en avant touz les Wapentaks & Hun-dredes, q sont se9iz des Countees, soient rejointz a mesmes les Countees, aussi come avant ces hures estoit acorde p autre establissement; & q les viscountes les tiegnent en lor main demeigne, & y mettent tieux baillifs & hundreders, eiantz Sres deinz mesmes les baillies & hundredz, pr queux its voillent respoundre: et sils voillent ascuns hundredz, baillies, ou wapentaks lesser a ferme, si les lessent al auncien ferme sanz rien encrestre; & q p tieux baillifs & hundreders, et lor soutzbaillifs, le Roi & le poeple soient 8viz, en oustant pr touz jours toux les outriders & auts, q en di9s Countees avant ces hures notoriement ont destruit le poeple. Et q nul baillif errant ne ne soit, forsq en les Countees ou baillifs errant ad este avant ces hures, en temps le Roi lael; et en nulle mafie ne soient plus des baillifs errantz forsq, un soul en un Contee. Et en mesme la mafie est assentuz q touz autrs, de quel estat on condicion qils soient, q ont baillies ou hundredz en fee, sils les voillent tenir en lor main demeigne, adonqs y mettent teux baillife p* queux ils voillient respoundre; & sils les voillent lesser a ferme as autfs, qils les lessent al auncien ferme, sanz riens encrestre come est susdit: et denquere s* touz ceux q veignent al encontre de cest establissement, si eient les Justices del un Bank & del autre, Barons de Lescheqer, & Justices assignez, poair a toutes les foitz qils veignent en

161

pays, & affaire tieu punissement, selonc oeo q lor serable q fait affaire selonc ley & reison. Et si viscountes, ou lor fermers, soient troyez en defaute en nolle point countre cest establisse-ment, & de ceo soient atteintz, soient les Hundredz & les Wapentaks dedein z qux tieles defautes 9ront trovez, pris en la main le Roi, & lessez as autfrs p les ditz Justices; & eux comandez a la prisone, a y demorer tantq* ils eient fait fin & raunceon au Roi, selonc la quantite da fepas, & nient meins respoignent au Roi de lentier de la feme. Et q les Seignrs q tienent Hundredz ou Wapentaks en fee, mettent tieux baillife q soient Buffisantz a respondre au Roi & au poeple; et si loT baillifs facent countre cest establissement, soient appellez en respouns, et sils soient atteintz soient puniz, & eient tieu juggement come la ley de la tre le demands en tieu cas; & soient ouatez de lor bailliez pr touz jours, & autrs suffisantz mys en loT lieus, p mesmes les Seignrs.

fim come avant ces houres, en cas q home ad demaunde p peticion du plement Steines ?res & tenz q sont en la mein le Roi, & a les dites peticions eit este respoundu en dit plement, Chancettie, ou en Bank le Roi, q le Roi voet q brief soit swy as Tresorer & Chaumbleins, p* serchier charts, monyment3, & au?s remembrances q lui pount valer, p quoi il puisse estr avise a faire respouns; as queux briefs comunement le Tres & Chaum-Meins ont respondu, qils ount 3che,

times that they come into the country, and to execute such punishment as to them shall seem convenient to be done according to the law and reason. And if the sheriffs or their fermors be found in default in any point against this ordinance and thereof be attainted, the hundreds and wapentakes where such default shall be found, shall be taken into the King's hands, and let to other by the same justices, and [to commit them1] to prison, there to remain till they have made fine and ransom to the King, according to the quantity of the trespass; and nevertheless they shall answer to the King of the whole ferm. And that the lords which hold hundreds or wapentakes in fee, shall set such bailiffs which be sufficient to answer the King and his people; and if their bailiffs do against this ordinance, they shall be called to answer; and if they be attainted, they shall [have such punishment2] as the law of the land requireth in such case, and they shall be out of their bailiwicks for ever, and other sufficient put in their places by the same lords.

Item, whereas before this time, in case that a man hath demanded by petition in the Parliament certain lands and tenements which be in the King's hands, and to the same petitions hath been answered in the same Parliament, Chancery, or the King's Bench, that the King will that a writ be sued to the treasurer and chamberlains [of the Exchequer,] to search charters, [miniments,3] and other remembrances, which may him avail, whereby he may be advised to make answer; to which writs commonly the treasurer and chamberlains have answered, that they have

1 they themselves committed

9 he punished and have such judgment

8 muniments

L

Punishment of

sheriffs

offending.

Lords of hundreds in

fee.

XIV. After four writs of search for the Ring, returned, the King put to answer; on petition for lands in his hands.

162

14 Edward III. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1340.

The great or privy seal shall not hinder this statute.

XVI.

See Statufrx Wcxtm. 2.

18 E. /. c« 30: 12 E. II. c. 3.

searched but not [by-searched,1] and would not answer that they have fully searched and nothing found, nor that they can no more find, but that which they have sent; whereby according to the law afore this time used, a man hath not had cause to put them which be for the King to answer, and in such manner the demandants have been greatly delayed to their mischief; wherefore it is assented, that after that the four writs be returned, whether [the mini-ment2] or remembrance be found for the King, or not, that then in the Parliament, Chancery, or in the King's Bench, or in the Common Bench, they which shall sue for the King shall be put to answer, and to defend the lands and tenements so demanded against the King, to the best that they can or may according to the law, so always that every of the four writs be delivered to the treasurer and to the chamberlains forty days before the day of the return; and that by commandment of the great seal, or privy seal, no point of this statute shall be put in delay; nor that the justices of whatsoever place it be, shall let to do the common law by commandment, which shall come to them under the great seal or privy seal

Item, whereas before this time it was established, that the inquests and juries which be to be taken, as well of the King's Bench as of the Common Bench, should be taken before one or [more 8] justices of the same [place,4] as it is contained in the said establishment; and now it is notoriously seen and known, that divers inquests and juries have been (6) taken, and yet be in divers counties of England,

1 thoroughly searched

2 any muniment

4 places

mes nemy pserche, & nount pas volu respoundre qils ount pleinement §che, & riens ne troevent, ne qils poent plus trover fors ce qils ont mande; p quoi (1) la ley avant ceste hure usee, home nad my eu cause a mettre ceux q sont p* le Roi a respouns, & en tieu maSe les demandantz ont este g*ntment delaiez a meschief de eux; p quoi est assentuz, q aps q les quatre briefs soient retrnez, le quel q monyment ou remembrance soit trove p* le Roi ou nemy, q adonqs en plement, Chancellerie, ou en Bank le Roi, ou en coe Bank, soient ceux q sont pr le Roi mys a respouns, & a defendre les ?res & tefiz ensi demandez deVs le Roi, a meutz qils sa9ont ou jrtront, selonc la lei, ensi totes foitz q chescun des quatre briefs soit li9ee as Tres & Chaumfeleins quarante jours devant le jour de retourn; & q p mandement de g*nt seal ne de pivee seal nul point de cest estatut ne ne soit mys en delay; ne q Justices de quecumq> place q ce soit, lessent a faire coe lei, p* maundement q les vendra desoutz le g*nt seal ou privee seal.

Item come avant ces houres soit establi q les enquestes & jurrez, q sont apndre aussibien de Bank le Roi come de coe Bank, fuissent pris devant un ou deux Justices de meismes les places, si come est contenuz en meismes les establissementz; & ja si est notoriement veu & conu q dieses enquestes & jurrees ont este apndre, & encore sont en di9s Contees Den-

3 two

0 to be

1 per printed copies.

14 Edward III. Stat. 1.

163

gleSre, ou nulle Justice nest venu, a g*nt meschief des pties q suent, & des bones gentz du pays q sont ^ys en panel; p quoi est assentuz & ^labli, q qi q ce soit q demande le Nisi Prius en Bank le Hoi, aussibien A la seute le defendant come de pleintiff, come avant ces hures ad este fait p forme destatut, q lui soit le Nisi Prius gnte, devant ascun Justice de la place, ou le piee pent, si ascun de la place peusse bonement aler en celles pties, & si nemy adonqs soit g*nte le Nisi Prius devant ascun Justice du coe Bank, au Stein jour q poet estre acorde, & tenour du record a lui li9ee ou mande desoutz le seal le chief de la place; a queu jour il pigne lenqueste, & retoume le 9dit desoutz son seal ovescjj le brief, la tenour & le panel, le quel soit receu en Bank le Roi, & illoeqs enroule, & sr ce juggement rendu selonc le 9dit de mesrae lenqueste; & eit le dit Justice du coe Bank poair de recorder defautes & nounseutes, auxi avant come le Nisi Prius eust este g*nte devant ascun Justice du Baunk le Roi; aps queux defautes issint recordez & ret^nez en Bank le Roi, aillent les Justices a juggement rendre s* mesme le record. En mesme la ma&e soit fait de toutz les plees q sont ou §ront en coe Baunk, dont les enquestes & jurrees sont ou Iront apndre en pays p le Nisi Prius; si nul des Justices de meisme le place ne [y*] aille soit le Nisi Prius g*nte devant ascun Justice du Bank le Roi, affaire come devant est dit des Justices 1 Interlined on the roll.

where no justice did come, to the great mischief of the parties that do sue, and also of the good people of the country which be impanelled:

Wherefore it is assented and sta- Nisi pi-ins may blished, that whoso demandeth the before^justice nisi prius in the King's Bench, as of Common well at the suit of the defendant, as of the plaintiff, as before this time Bench; hath been done by the form of the statute, the nisi prius shall be granted before any justice of the place where the plea dependeth, if any of the same place may well go into those parts; and if not, then the nisi prius shall be granted before any justice of the Common Bench, at a certain day, which may be accorded, and [to deliver or send the tenor of the record to himl] under the seal of the chief justice of the place; at which day he shall take the inquest, and return the verdict under his seal with the writ, the tenor, and the panel, which shall be received in the King's Bench, and there enrolled, and thereupon judgement given according to the verdict of the same inquest; and the said justice of the Common Bench shall have power to record defaults and nonsuits, as tax forth as if the nisi prius had been granted before any justice of the King's Bench; after which defaults so recorded and returned in the King's Bench, the justices shall go to give judgement upon the same record. And in the Nisi prius may same manner be it done of all the bef^e^justice pleas which be or shall be in the Common Bench, whereof the Buitin Common inquests and juries be or shall be (*) Pleas; taken in the country by nisi prius; and if none of the justices of the same place go (*), the nisi prius shall be granted before any justice of the King's Bench, to do as afore is said

1 the tenour of record to him delivered or sent MS. Tr. 2.

2 to be * thither MS. Tr. 2.


14 Edward III. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1340.

or before the chief baron of Exchequer, if a man of the law;

or before justices of assise, and King's serjeants.

Justices of nisi prins may give judgement in qnare impedit and darrain presentment

of the justices of the Common Bench, and the tenor of the record shall be sent to the same justice, [that he may1] have like power as afore is said of the justices of the Common Bench, which be assigned to take inquests and juries of the King's Bench. And if it happen that none of the justices of the one bench nor the other may come into the country where inquests or juries be to be taken, then the nisi prius shall be granted before the chief baron of the Exchequer, if he be a man of the law; and he shall have such power as the justices of the one bench and the other have by this statute: And in case that none of the justices of the one bench nor the other, nor the chief baron of the Exchequer, being a man of the law, do not come into the country where the inquests and juries be or shall be (2) taken by the nisi prius, then the nisi prius shall be granted before the justices assigned to take assises in those parts; so always that one of the said justices assigned be justice of the one bench or the other, or the King's serjeant sworn: And the same justices shall have such power as afore is said of the justices of the one bench and of the other. And if the one party demand the tenor of the record to have with him, to deliver to the justices before whom the nisi prius is granted, for to eschue that no fraud or damage be done to the other party, nor to the people of the inquests, another tenor of the same record shall be delivered to the other party, if he the same require. And whereas it hath been another time established, that the justices before whom the nisi prius hath been granted in pleas of assises, of darrain presentment, and quare impedit, should have power to give the judgements in the country

du Coe Bank, & la tenour du record a meisme celui Justice maunde, qi eit autieu poair come devant est dit de Justice du coe Bank, qest assign© apndre les enquestes & jurrees du Bank le Roi. Et sil aveigne q nul des Justices del un Bank ne del autre, ne puisse venir en pais la ou enquestes & jurrees sont apndre, adonq^ soit le Nisi Prius g*nte devant le chief Baron del Escheqer, sil soit home de ley; & eit autieu poair come les Justices del un Bank ou del autre ont p cest estatut: et en cas q nul des Justices del un Bank, ne del autre, ne le chief Baron del Escheqir, qi soit h5me de lei, ne viegne en pais, ou les enquestes & jurrees sont, ou Dront apndre p le Nisi Prius, adonqs soit le Nisi Prius g*nte devant Justices assignez a les assises pndre cellos pties; issint toutes foitz q un des ditz Justices assignez soit Justice del un Bank ou del autre, ou §jant le Boi jurree; & eient mesmes ces Justices autieu poair come devant est dit des Justices del un Bank & del autre. Et si lune ptie demaunde la, tenour du record de9s lui avoir, li9er a le Justice devant qi le Nisi phis este g*nte, pur eschure q fraude ne damage ne soit fait al autre ptie, ne as gentz del enqueste, soit un. autre tenour de mesme le record bailie a lautre ptie, sil le demande. Et come soit autre foitz establi q les Justices, devant queux le Nisi p*us ad este g*nte, es plees dassises de darrein psent, et quare impedit, eient poair de rendre les juggementz en pais, sr 9ditz

1 who shall

8 to he

14 Edward III. Stat. 1.

. 165

dassise & denqueste, & sr nounseutes & defautes; si est assentuz q les Justices del un Bank & del autre, chief Baron del Escheqir, & Justices assignez, devant queux le Nisi Prius est g*nte p cest estatut, eient poair de rendre les juggementz en pais, & ce retournir, solonc ce qest contenuz en lestatut De9wyk sr ce fait.

upon the verdicts of assise, and of inquests, and upon nonsuits and defaults; it is assented, that the justices of the one bench and of the other, the chief baron of the Exchequer, and the justices assigned, before whom the nisi prius is granted by this statute, shall have power to give judgements in the country, and return the same, according as it is contained in the Statute of York thereupon made.

18 EDWARD III. A.D. 1344.

Ex Rot Pari. in Turr. Lond. 18 Ed. Ill; nu. 51. d.1

Statute the First.

JDechira- ^ CORDEZ est & assentuz, q de in plia- ceux qi sont & ont este Rescey-

mento vours [des leynes le Roi,2] & les pnont W. anno du people, & les alloignent ou detieg-

Kjd^eml nen^ <1 n?e Seignr le Roi ne poet ent estre 8 viz; De ceux qi mesnent les leynes p dela saunz estre cokettez, ou saunz paier Custume & Subside, as queux eles sont assis; & des Custu&s & Tronours qi les soeffrent au damage du Roi; Des leys Ministres qi rescey-vent les deniers le Roi, & les retieg-nent; Des Conspirators Confedera-tours & Meyntenors des fauxes quereles, & de ceux qi mesnent routes en psence des Justices, ou autres Ministres le Roi, ou aillours es Contees en affray du people, issint q la Ley ne se poet faire, auxibien des ceux qi les mesnent come de ceux qi viegnent en

TT is accorded and established, that from henceforth of them which be or have been receivers of the King's money, or of his wools, which they take of the people, and the same carry away, or detain, so that our sovereign lord the King may not be thereof served: And of them which [bring wools to the parts beyond the sea, without being cocketted, or paying custom or subsidy, whereto they be assessed; and of customers and [finders,2] which suffer the same to the Kings damage; of lay ministers which receive the King's money and the same retain; also of conspirators, confederators, and maintainors of false quarrels: Also of them that bring routs in the presence of the justices, or other the King's ministers, or elsewhere in the counties in affray of the people, so that the law may not be done, as well of them which bring the same, as of them which come in

1 See Rot. Parl. 17 Ed. III. nu. 34.

des deniers le Roy ou de fez ley ns

JUS, CoU; Nero, C, I

1 carry

8 tronours MS, Tr, searchers old

printed copice,

See Statute 12 Ed. II. c. 8, 4.

Declaration made in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the xviith year; concerning exigends.

18 Edward III. Stat 1.

AJ>. 1344.

their company; [or as of them which bring *] false money in deceit of the people: JRep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. l.J Against all those, in case they may not be found, or brought in to answer, by attachment or distress, for the profit of our sovereign lord the King, the exigend shall be given and sued, and not against other.

1 and of them which bring in

lour compaignie; Des ceux qi portent la fauxe monoie en deceite du people; JRep., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. l.J Touz

ceux, en cas qils ne prront estre trovez

ou mesnez en respons p attachement

ou p destresce pT le gfit le Hoi, q

lexigende soit donez & sui, & ne mye

dautres.

(Drtnnar'oe^ m fl'ltamento apu& WLt&tm aimo regm B*m <£ 30Ug teStogr 1 JTranr', btbel't aitfll* benmo octabo "t dfraiu" qumto tmto fee.*

ORDINANCES made in the Parliament holden at WESTMINSTER, in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord EDWARD, King of England and of France, to wit, of England the Eighteenth, and of France the

Fifth.

Statute the Second.

TT is to be remembered, that at the * Parliament holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the utas of the Holy Trinity, the year of the reign of our sovereign lord the King that now is of England the xviij. and of France the v. (*) many things were shewed in full Parliament, which were attempted by the party adversary to our sovereign lord the King, of France, against the truce lately taken in Britaine, betwixt our said sovereign lord the King and [him ;1 2] and how that [he2] enforceth himself as much as he may, to destroy our said sovereign lord the King, and his allies, subjects, lands, and places, and the tongue of England; and that was prayed by our said sovereign lord the

1 among other things MS. Tr. 2.

2 his said adversary

Ex magno Rot. Stat in Turr. Loud. m. 19, d.

JjIAIT a remembrer, q au plement tenuz a Westm, le Lundy pschein aps les Oytaves de la Trinite, lan du regne nre Seignr le Roi Dengle?re disoitisme, & de France quint, furent monstrez entre autres choses en plein plement, plusours choses q furent attemptez p la ptie ad9saire nre ( le Roi, de Fraunce, encontre la trewe prise nadgairs en Bretaigne, entre nre dit f le Roi & son dit ad9saire; & coment son dit ad9saire safforce taut come il poet a destruir nre dit Seignr le Roi, ses alliez & subgitz, ?res & lieux & la lange Dengle?re; & sr ceo fu priez dep nre dit Seignr le Roi, as

This title is written on the back of the roll, at the head of this statute; as well as on the front of the roll at the head of Statute the Third.

A.D. 1344.

18 Edward III. Stat. 2.

167

Prelatz, g*untz & coes, qils lui donas-

seat tieu conseil & eide come bosoig-

nereit en si g*nde necessity; et les

itz Prelatz, gauntz & coes, eu ent

ton delifcacion & avys, & viantz

apiement la sub9sion de la fre Den-

& des grosses busoignes le Roi,

H I>ieu defend, si hastive remedie ne

J &oit mys, si conseillerent jointement

& sevalment, & supplierent ove gande

instance a n?e dit Seignr le Roi, qil se

feist si fort come il plus purroit pr

passer la mieer, en asseurance del eide

de Dieu & de sa bone querele, affor-

cement pr faire fyn a ceste foitz de sa

guerre, ou p voye de pees ou p force;

& q pr Ires ne poles ne beaux pmesses,

il ne lessat son passage sil ne veit

effect de la busoigne; et p ceste cause

les ditz gauntz gunterunt de passer

& lour aventrer ovesqes lui. Et la

dite eoe lui g*unta, p mesme la cause, f$r Steine fourine deux quinzismes de la coalte, k deux dismes des Citees & Burghs, de le9 en la ma8e come la der-reine quiuzisme a lui g*unte fust leve, & nemie en autre mafie; & apaier p deux anz, cest nssa9 a les festz des touz Seintz & de la Pasche pschein suantz pr le primer an; Etcn cas q nfe Seignr le Roi passe la mieer, de paier a mesmes les $mes les quinzisme & disme del second an, & uemje en autre mafie; Issint <} les denicre de ce levez soient despenduz en les busoignes a eux monstrez a cest plement, p avis des g*untz a ce assignez, et q les eides de la Trente soient myg en defens de North. [Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.} Et nre dit # le

Roi, p cest cause & en eese de la dite

cue & de touz aes foialx Dengle?re p

a8nent des Prelatz, gauntz & des coes

si g*unta de sa bone g^e les choses

souzescriptz,

King of the prelates, great men, and commons, that they would give him such counsel and aid, as should be expedient in so great necessity: And the said prelates, great men, and commons, taking good deliberation and advice, and openly seeing the subversion of the land of England, and the Kings great business, which God defend, if hasty remedy be not provided, have [concealed J] jointly and severally, and prayed with great instance our sovereign lord the King, that he would make him as strong as he might to pass the sea, in assurance of the aid of God and of his good quarrel, effectually this time to make an end of his wars, or by way of peace or else by force; and that (*) for letters, words, nor fair promises, he shall let his passage, till he see the effect of his business; and for this cause the said great men do grant, to pass and to adventure them with him. And the said commons do grant to him, for the same cause upon a certain form ii. quinziiues of the commonalty, and ii. dismes of the cities and boroughs, to be levied in manner as the last quinzime granted to him was levied, and not in other manner; and to be payed by ii. years, at the feasts of All Saints, and of Easter next following, for the first year; and [in that, that3] our sovereign lord the King doth pass the sea, to pay at the same terms [to the quinzime and disme 4] of the second year, and not in other manner; so that the money levied of the same, be dispended in the business shewed to them in this Parliament, by the advice of the great men thereto assigned, and that the aids beyond Trent, Le put in defence of the North. [Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.J And our said sovereign

lord the King, for this cause, and in

ease of the said commons, and of all

his faithful subjects of England, by

the assent of the prelates, great men,

and commons, hath granted of his

good grace these things underwritten: # * # # # #

1 counselled 2 nor 3 in case that ,

4 a xv. and a disme MS, Tr. 2.

Grant to the King of two fifteenths and two tenths; by the commons.

18 Edward III. Stat. 2.

A.D. 1344.

ri.

Keepers of the peace;

their authority.

Item, that two or three of the best of reputation in the counties shall be assigned keepers of the peace by the King's commission; and at what time need shall be, the same, with other wise and learned in the law, shall be assigned by the King's commission to hear and determine felonies and trespasses done against the peace in the same counties, and to Inflict punishment reasonably according to [law and reason, and] the manner of the deed.

V. Item, that no exigent shall from

No exigent henceforth go out, in case where a in trespass, ...

unless against man is indicted of trespass, unless it the peace. be against the peace, or of things which be (1) contained in the declaration made in this case at the lapt Parliament holden at Westminster.

1 not

Et aussint, q deux ou trois des mieultz vauetz des Countees, soient assignez gardeins de la pees p oo missions le Roi; et quele heure q meatier 8ra, mesmes ceux ovesqes auSs sages & apris de la leye soient assignez

d comission le Roi doier & ?miner * «

felonies & trespas faites contre la pees en mesmes les Countees, & punisse-ment faire resonablement, solonc la mafle du fait.

#*# Itm q nule exigende isse desormes en cas ou home est enditez de trespas q ne soit encontre la pees, ne des choses q ne sont contenues en la declaracion feit en ce cas, au derrein plement tenuz a Westm.

I.

Statute the Third.

EDWARD by the grace of God, [fee.1] greeting. Know ye that at our Parliament holden at Westminster the Monday next after the utas of the Holy Trinity, [the year of our reign of England the eighteenth, and of France the fifth,2] amongst other things shewed, assented, and accorded in the said Parliament, there were shewed, assented, and accorded these things under-written.

First, whereas many things have been attempted, by the party our adversary of France, against the truce late taken in Britaine, betwixt us and him, and how that he enforceth him-

1 King of England and of France and Lord of Ireland, to all who time letters shall see or heart s last past

Ex magno Rot Stat. in Turr.

Loud. m. 19.

T^DWARD p la g*ce de Dieu Roi Dengle?re & de Fraunce, & Seignr Dirland, as tous ceux q cestes Ires verrount ou orrount, Salutz. Sachez q a nre plement, tenuz a Westm le Lundy pscheyn aps les oytaves de la Trinite pschein passez, entre autrs choses monstrez, assentuz, & accordez en le dit plement, si fiirent monstrez, assentuz & accordez, les choses south* escritz.

Primerement, ooment plusours choses furent attemptez, p la ptie nre ad9saire de Fance countre la true prise nadgaires en Bretaigne, entre nous & lui, & coment il safforce tant come il

169

a destruire no9, noz alliez & ^%istez, tres & lieux & la lange ^gle^re, efc 6r ceo fust priez de p nr, ^ as Prelatz, g*ntz & Coes, qils co^ donassent tieu conseil & eide Q busoigneroit en si gant necessite;

ditz Prelatz, gantz & Coes, eu

ent bone delifeacioun & avis, & veantz aptement la sub9sion de la ?re Den-gle?re, & de noz grosses busoignes q Dieu defende, si hastive remedie ne soit mys, si conseillerent jointement & severalment, & supplierent ove g*nt instance a no9, q en assuraunce del eide de Dieu & de n?e bone querele, nous no9 afforceons p totes les bones voies q no9 p^oms, de faire fyn a cest foitz de nfe guerre; & q p1 Ires ne poles ne beaux pmesses nous ne lessons nfe passage, si nous ne veons effect de la busoigne: Et p ceste cause, les ditz g*ntz ganterent de passer & lour aven-turer ovesq no 9; & les ditz Prelatz & pcuratours de la clergie no9 ganterent p tnesme la cause une disme triennale, a paier as certeins jours, cest assavoir de la pvince de Canterbirs, as festes de la Purificacion de nfe Dame & de Seint Barnabe Lapostoil, et de la pvince Deverwyk as festes de Seint Luce et de la Nativite de Seint John le Baptistre; et nous p ceste cause en meintenance del estat de seint eglise, & en eese des ditz Prelatz & de tote la clergie Dengle?re, p assent des g*ntz & des cues, si g^tasmes de nre bone g*ce les choses souzescrites; cest assavoir q nul Ercevesq, ne Evesq, ne soit empeschez devant noz Justices p cause de crime, si nous ne les comandons

self, as much as he may, to destroy us, and our allies, subjects, lands, and places, and the tongue of England:

And thereupon we prayed the prelates, great men, and the commons, that they would give us such counsel and aid as should need in so great necessity; and the said prelates, great men, and commons, having thereof good deliberation and advice, and seeing openly the subversion of the land of England, and of our great business, which God defend, if speedy remedy be not provided; have counselled jointly and severally, and with great instance prayed us, that in assurance of the aid of God, and our good quarrel, we should make us as strong [as we might, to pass the sea and*] by all the good means that we might, at this time to finish our wars; and that for letters, words, nor fair promises, we should not let our passage, till we did see the effect of our business: And for this cause, the great men aforesaid granted to pass, and to adventure themselves with us; and the said prelates and procurators Grant to the of the clergy, have granted to us for

the same cause, a triennial disme, to be paid at certain days, that is to say, of the province of Canterbury, at the feasts of the Purification of our Lady, and of Saint Barnabe the Apostle:

And of the province of York, at the feasts of Saint Luke, and the Nativity of Saint John Baptist. And we for Exemption this cause, in maintenance of the estate of Holy Church, and in ease of cases, the said prelates, and all the clergy of England, by assent of the great men, and of the commons, do grant of our good grace the things under-written; that is to say, that no archbishop (*) shall be impeached before our justices because of crime, unless we especially

1 Not in original nor MS. Tr. 2 .; but see preamble of Statute the Second of this year. 2 nor bishop

170

18 Edward III. Stat. 3.

A.D. 1344.

m.

Prosecutions

against

religious

persons for

purchasing

lands in

mortmain.

Y.

Prohibitions.

do command them, till another remedy be thereof ordained.



Item, if prelates, clerks beneficed, or religions people, which have purchased lands, and the same have put to mortmain, be impeached (*) upon the same before our justices, and they shew our charter of licence, and process thereupon made by an inquest of ad quod damnum, or of our grace, or by fine, they shall be freely let in peace, without being further impeached for the same purchase. And in case they cannot sufficiently shew that they have entered by due process after licence to them granted in general or in special, that they shall be well received to make a convenient fine for the same; and that the enquiry of this article shall wholly cease according to the accord comprised in this Parliament.

* Item, that no prohibition shall be awarded out of the Chancery, but in case where we have the cognisance, and of right ought to have.


In witness whereof, at the request of the said prelates, to these present letters we have set our seal. Dated at London the eighth day of July, the year of our reign of England the eighteenth, and of France the fifth.

1 or areasoned MS. Tr. 2.

especialment, tantq^ autre remedie ent

soit ordeignez.



It q si Prelatz, clers beneficez, ou

gentz de Religion qount prchacez $res & les ount mys a mort meyn, soient empeschez ou aresonez sr ceo devant noz Justicz, & ils monstront noz chres de licence & pcesse s* ceo fait p en-queste, ad quod dampnu, ou de nre g*ce ou p fyn, qils soient lessez f^nchement en pees, saunz estre outre empeschez p* la dite prchace. Et en cas qils ne prront sufficialment mon-strer qils ne soient eutrez p due pcesse, aps la licence a eux gante, en gefial ou especial, qils soient bonement resceuz a faire covenable fyn, et q lenquerrie de cest article cesse de tout solonc lacorde ent pris en cest plement.


It q nule phibicion ne isse hors de

la Chauncellerie si noun en cas q nous

a9oms la conisaunce & devons avoir

de droit.



En tesmoignaunce de queux choses, a la request des ditz Prelatz, a cestes psentes Ires avons faitz mettre noz sealx. Don a Londfs le viii. jour de Juyl lan de nre regne DengleSre disoitisme, & de France quint.

20 EDWARD III. A.D. 1346.

For the proclaiming the ordinance concerning the King's justices.

Ordinance for the Justices.

r l/DWARD by the grace of God, L-Et &c. to the sheriff of Stafford,1] greeting. Because that, by divers

1 The King to the sheriff of London,

Ex Rot Claus, in Turr. Lond.

20 E. III. P. 1. m. 12, d. D> -|-^E Roi as Viscontes de Londres,

Salutz. Por ceo q p dieses nacoem

fcamsu

pleintes faites a nous, avoms en-Juaticl

AD. 3346.

20 Edward III.

171

tenduz q la ley de nre ?re quele nous eurnes tenuz p Dement de main-est meins bien garde & lexecu-dycelle destourbe plusures foitz 8 *neyntenance & pcurement sibien i lL Court come en pays p plusures Nous meuz g*ndement de ^ Q Science de ceste matire, & p celle desirantz tant p1 plesance de ^ & eese & quiete de noz subgiz C&T£Xe pr sauver nre conscience, & p sauver & garder nfe Dement avant-dit, de lassent des gauntz & autres sages de nre conseil avoms ordeinez & comandez expressement, a touz noz Justic, qils facent desore owele ley & oxecucion de droit a touz noz subgiz riches & povres saunz a9 regard a nulle psone, & sanz lesser de faire droit p* nulles Ires ou mandementz q lour prront venir de nous ou de nul autre ou p autre cause quecuq ,; et en cas q aucunes ires briefs ou mandementz veignent a les JustiS ou as autres deputez de faire ley & droit solonc les usages du roialme en des-torbance de la ley ou de lexecucion dycelle, ou de droit faire as pties, les ditz Justicz & autres susditz aillent avant, & tiegnent lour cours] & lour pees en les plees & busoignes pendantz devant eux. siavant come si nulles tieles Ires briefs ou mandementz lour feussent venuz, & Stifient nous & nfe conseil de tieux mandementz, q sont contrairs a la ley come desus est dit. Et a fyn q noz ditz Justices facent owel droit a toutes gentz en la manfe susdite, sanz plus de favour faire a un q a autr; si avoms ordeinez & fait

complaints made to us, we have perceived that the law of the land, which we by our oath are bound to maintain, is the less well kept and the execution of the same disturbed many times by maintenance and procurement, as well in the court as in the country, Q); we, greatly moved of conscience in this matter, and for this cause desiring as much for the pleasure of God, and ease and quietness of our subjects, as to save our conscience, and for to save and keep our said oath, by the assent of the great men and other wise men of our council, [we have ordained these things following: First, we have commanded 2] all our justices, that they shall from henceforth do equal law and execution of right to all our subjects, rich and poor, without having regard to any person, and without omitting to do right for any letters or commandment which may come to them from us, or from any other, or by any other cause; and if that any letters, writs, or commandments come to the justices, or to other deputed to do law and right according to the usage of the realm, in disturbance of the law, or of the execution of the same, or of (*) right to the parties, the justices and other aforesaid shall proceed and hold their courts and processes where the pleas and matters be depending before them, as if no such letters, writs, or commandments were come to them; and they shall certify us and our council of such commandments which be contrary to the law, as afore is said. And to the intent that our justices should do even right to all people in the manner aforesaid, without more favour shewing to one than to another, we have ordained and caused our said

1 by divers manners

2 have ordeigned and comaunded expressly to MS. Tr, 2.

3 doing

L

Justices shall do right to all persons without regard of letters;

Recital of oath of justices.

172

20 Edward 111.

A.D. 1346.

Fees of justices increased.

n.

The barons of the Exchequer shall do right without delay.

ra.

Justices of oyer and terminer, &c. shall take an oath.

IV.

None shall maintain any quarrels but their own.

justices to be sworn, that they shall not from henceforth, as long as they shall be in the office of justice, take fee nor robe of any man, but of ourself, and that they shall take no gift nor reward by themselves, nor by other, privily nor apertly, of any man that hath to do before them by any way, except meat and drink, and that of small value; and that they shall give no counsel to great man or small, [in case *] where we be party, or which do or may touch us in any point, upon pain to be at our will, body, lands, and goods, to do thereof as shall please us, in case they do contrary; and for this cause we have increased the fees of the same our justices in such manner as it ought reasonably to suffice them.

In the same manner we have ordained in the right of the barons of the Exchequer, and we have expressly charged them in our presence, that they shall do right and reason to all our subjects great and small; and that they shall deliver the people reasonably and without delay of the business which they have to do before them, without undue tarrying as hath been done in times past.

Item, we have ordained, that all they which shall be justices assigned by commission to hear and determine, and such as shall be associated to them, and also justices of assises to be taken in the countiy, and of gaol-delivery, and such as shall be [assigned and] associated to them, shall make first [an oath in certain points, according as to them shall be enjoined by our council1 2] in our Chancery, before that any commission be to them delivered.

Item, we have commanded and utterly defended, that none of our house, nor of them that be about us,

1 in matters or businesses

2 such oath MS, Tr 2,

jurer noz .ditz Justices qils ne prendrent desore, tant come ils §ront en office de Justice, fee ne robe de nulli sinoun de no9 ineismes, et qils ne prendrent doun ne regard, p eux ne g autr, en prive nen apte, de nul home qi a9a affaire devant eux g quecunq, voie, sil ne soit man§ ou boivre & ceo de petit value; & qils ne dorront counseil a nul gaunt ne petit es choses ou busoignes ou no9 sumes gtie, ou q no9 touchent ou porront toucher en nulle marie sur peyne destr a nfe volunte de corps ?res & avoir pr faire qnt ce q no9 plerra, en cas qils facent le contrair; et p celle cause si avoms fait encrestr les feez de meismes noz Justicz p mafie tiele q lour doit resonablement suffire.

Et en mesme la maSe avoms ordene endroit des Barons de nre Escheqer, & les avoms fait expresse-ment char§ en nre psenoe, qils facent droit & reson as toutes gentz, g*ndes & petites, & qils facent deliver le people resonablement & sanz delai des busoignes qils a9ont affaire devant eux, saunz estf tariez noundue-ment, sicome ad este fait en temps passe.

Iten no9 avoms ordine q toux ceux q Uront assignez Justices p cdmission de oir & ?miner, & ceux q §ront associez a eux, & auxint Justices des assises prendf en pais & gaols deliver, & ceux q Dront associez a eux facent pmerement autiel §ement (*) en nfe Chauncellerie devant q comission lour soit li9e.

Item no9 avoms comandez & de-fenduz tout outreement, q nul de nfe oustiel ne de ceux qi sont entour

1 en certeynes pointes soloncq* c q lour §ra enjoynt de per nfe pseil old printed copies.

no9, ne autres q sont de9p nre tresche compaigne la Reine, ou nre fitz le Prince de Gales, ou de9s noz Courtz, ne Prelatz Countz Barons nautres gftntz ne petites de la ?re, de quel estat ou condicion qils soient, ne pignent quereles en main, autres q lour ppres, ne les mainteignent p eux ne p autres en apt ne prive pr doun, pmesse, arniste, doute, favour, ou hayne ne p nulle autre cause, en destorbance de la ley, ou arerissement de droit sr la peyne susdite; einz q chescun home peusse estr franc de son droit suir & defendre en noz Courtz & aillours solonc la ley: et si avoms estreite-ment comandez a nre dit fitz, & a di?s Contz & autres grantz esteantz de?s nous, qils facent garder de lour pte ceste ordinance sanz defaute, et qils ne soeffrent nuls qi sont de9s eux [rien1] faire nattempter count? meisme lordinance p quecuq> voie.


Item voloms & avoms ordenez q les Justices as assises prendr assignez, eient sufficiante comission denquerre en lour sessions, des Yiscontz, Eche-tours, Baillifs des Fraunchises & lour souz Ministres, et aussint des Mein-tenours, comuns assissours & jurours en pais, cestassa9, des douns, regardz & autres pfitz q les ditz ministres pnent du poeple p1 faire lour offices, & ce q attient a leur offices, & p* faire larrai des paneles, mettantz en ycelles jurours suspectz & de male fame; et de ceo q les maintenours, assisours, & jurours pnent douns & lower des pties, dount ptes & damages trop grevouses avieg-nent au poeple de jour en autF, en

1 Interlined on the roll.

nor other, which be towards our dear beloved companion the Queen, or our son Prince of Wales, or towards our courts, nor prelates, earls, barons, nor other great nor small of the land, of what estate or condition they be, shall not take in hand quarrels other than their own, nor the same maintain by them nor by other, privily nor apertly, for gift, promise, amity, favour, doubt, [nor fear,1] nor for none other cause, in disturbance of law and hindrance of right, upon the pains aforesaid; but that every man may be free to sue for and defend his right in our courts and elsewhere, according to the law: And we have straitly commanded our said son, and divers earls and other great men, being before us, that they on their behalf shall do to be kept this ordinance without default; and that they suffer none which be [towards them 2] to attempt against this ordinance by any way.

Item, we will and have ordained, that the justices assigned to take assises shall have commissions sufficient to inquire in their sessions of sheriffs, escheators, bailiffs of franchises, and their under ministers, and also of maintainors, common embraceors, and jurors in the country, [and4] of the gifts, rewards, and other profits, which the said ministers do take of the people to execute their office, and that which pertaineth to their office, and for making the array of pannels, putting in the same suspect jurors, and of evil fame; and of (5) that maintainors, embraceors, and jurors do take gifts and rewards of the parties, whereby losses and damages do very grievously come daily to the people, in subversion

1 or hatred

2 with them, any thyng to do MS. Tr. 2.

8 or 4 that is to say MS. Tr. 2.

6 this MS. Tr. 2.

VI. Justices of assise shall enquire of the misdemeanours of officers;

174

20 Edward III.

A.D. 1346.

and punish the guilty.

The chancellor and treasurer to hear complainants.

The ordinances aforesaid to be published.

of the law, and disturbance of common right, and to punish all them which thereof shall be found guilty, according as law and reason requireth, as well at our suit as at the parties. And thereupon we have charged our chancellor and treasurer to hear the complaints of all them which will complain, and to ordain that speedy remedy be thereof made. JRep. as to punishment of embracers and corrupt jurors, 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.J

Wherefore we do command, that thou do cause the said points and ordinances aforesaid openly to be published and shewed [at such places within thy bailiwick as thou shalt think good,1] to the end that they which feel them grieved in the form aforesaid, may pursue for remedy according to the said ordinance, and that our people may perceive our intent and will in this behalf, and the desire that we have, that even right may be done to all our subjects, as well poor as rich, and that the offenders be restrained and punished.

Dated at Westminster [the seventh day of March, the year of our reign of England the twentieth, and of France the seventh.1 2]

By the King himself and his council.

1 in our said city

2 the twenty-eighth day of April.

sub^sion de la ley & destorbance de

comun droit, & de punir touz ceux qi

enserront trovez coupables solonc ceo

q ley & reson le demande, a la seute

sibien du Roi come de ptie. Et s* ceo

avoms charge noz Chaunceller & Tre-

sorer, doier les pleintes de touz ceux

qi pleindre se voudrent, & dordeiS

q hastif droit & remede ensoit fait.

JRep. as to punishment of embracers and corrupt jurors, 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.J

[French removed.]

xxviii Da9iL

p ipm Rege & Cons.

175

25 EDWARD III. A.D. 1350-1 & 1351-2*

&tatutmn W& qut natt aunt p'ttb? t»iusmarmfa: Hr amto btaStmo quinta &. t'rit.

A STATUTE for those who are bom in Parts beyond Sea. Of the Twenty-fifth Tear of K. EDWARD, The Third.

Ex magno Rot. Stat in Turr. Loud. ra. 19.

re Seignr le Roi, a son plement tenuz a Westm a les Oetaves de la Purification de nfe Dame, lan de son regne Dengle?re vintisme quint, & de F»nce douszisme, considerant les g*ntz meschiefs & damages q sont avenuz au poeple de son roialme Dengletre, sibien pr ce q les estatuz devant ces heures ordenez nount mie este tenuz & gardez come ils de9oient, come p cause de la pestilence mortiele q nadgairs dura, & veullant prvoier au quiete & coe gfit de son poeple sr ce reined covenable, p assent de Pre-latz, Countz, Barons & autrs gantz, & tote la Coe de son dit roialme, au dit plement somons, ad ordene & establi les choses souzescriptes, Cest assavoir: pr ce q ascunes gentz estoient en awere si les enfantz neez es pties de dela, dehors la ligeance dengle?re, Uroient ables a demander hitage deinz meisme

Statute the FiRST.t

/^hUR lord the Bang, at his Parliament holden at Westminster, at the utas of the Purification of our Lady, the year of his reign of England the five and twentieth, and of France the twelfth, considering the great mischiefs and damages which have happened to the people of his realm of England, as well because that the statutes ordained before this time have not been holden and kept as they ought to be, as because .of the mortal pestilence that late reigned, and willing to provide for the quietness and common profit of his said people convenient remedy; therefore by the assent of the prelates, earls, barons, and other great men, and all the commons of his said realm summoned to the Parliament, hath ordained and established the things underwritten, videlicet: Because that some people be in doubt if the children bom in the parts beyond the sea, out of the ligeance of England, should be able to demand any in-

In all former printed copies the several statutes of this year have been inaccurately arranged; the statutes of the two respective Parliaments being intermixed with each other. In the present volume they are printed according to the dates of the Parliaments, and in the order in which they are entered on the Statute Roll. The effect of this is that of the six statutes entered on the Statute Roll, Statute the Fifth is the only one which retains the same place in this volume as in all former printed copies.

This has been given as Statute the Second of this year in all former printed copies. On the Parliament Roll of 25 Ed. in. p. 1. nu. 41. is an entry of this statute, as part of a Statute entitled in the margin ' Lestatut des enfantz nez pdela, des marchandises vendre, &c.'

176

25 Edward III. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1350-1.

The King's children declared inheritable in England, wheresoever born.

The children of certain persons bom beyond the sea declared inheritable.

All children bom beyond sea, of parents in the King's allegiance, henceforth inheritable.

heritance within the same ligeance, or not, whereof a petition was put in the Parliament late holden at Westminster, the seventeenth year of the reign of our lord the King that now is, and was not at the same time wholly assented; our lord the King, willing that all doubts and ambiguities should be put away, and the law in this case declared and put in a certainty, hath charged the said prelates, earls, barons, and other wise men of his council, assembled in this Parliament, to deliberate upon this point; all which of one assent have said, that the law of the crown of England is, and always hath been such, that the children of the Kings of England, in whatsoever parts they be born, in England or elsewhere, be able and ought to bear the inheritance after the death of their ancestors; which law our said lord the King, the said prelates earls, barons, and other great men, and all the commons assembled in this Parliament, do approve and affirm for ever. And in the right of other children born out of the ligeance of England in the time of our lord the King, they be of one mind accorded, that Henry son of John de Beaumond, Elizabeth daughter of Guy de Bryan, and Giles son of Ralph Dawbeny, and other which the King will name, which were bom beyond the sea, out of the ligeance of England, shall be from henceforth able to have and enjoy their inheritance after the death of their ancestors, in all parts within the ligeance of England, as well as those that should be bom within the same ligeance. And that all children inheritors, which from henceforth shall be born without the ligeance of the King, whose fathers and mothers at the time of their birth be and shall be at the faith and ligeance of the King of England, shall have and enjoy the same benefits and

la ligeance ou nemie, de quoi peticion feust mis autrefoitz en plement tenuz a Weymonster lan nre dit Seignr le Roi dys & septisme, & ne feust inie a tieu temps en tout assentu, nre dit Seignr le Roi, veulliant q totes doutes & awers feussent oustez & la lei en ce cas declaree & mis en Stein, fist charger les Prelatz, Countz, Barons, & au?s sages de son conseil, assemblez a ce parlement, a faire delifeacion sr cel point; Les queux dun assent ount dit q la lei de la Corone Denglefire est, & ad este touz jours tiele, q les enfantz des Rois Dengle?re, queu part qils soient neez en Engle?re ou aillo1*, sont ables & deivent porter heritage, aps la mort lour aunces?s; la quele lei nre Seignr le Roi, les ditz Prelatz, Countz, Barons, & au?s gantz, & tote la Coe assemblez el dit plement, approevent & afferment p* touz jours: et endroit des au?s enfantz, neez hors de la ligeance Dengle?re en temps de nre dit Seignr le Roi, si sont ils uniement acordez q Henri fitz Johan de Beaumond, Elizabeth fift Guy de Bryan, & Giles fitz Rauf Daubeneye, [& au?s qux le Roi vorra nomer3] qi nasquirent p dela hors de la ligeance Dengle?re, soient desore ables davoir & enjoier leur hitages, aps la mort lour auncesfe tote ptz deinz la ligeance Dengle?re, si avant come ceux qi nasquirent deinz meisme la ligeance: et q touz les enfantz heriters, qi Sront neez desore dehors la ligeance le Roi, des queux enfantz les piere & miere au temps du nestre sont & iront a la foi & de la ligeance du Roi Dengle?re, eient & enjoient meismes

1 Interlined on the roll. Rot. Parl. reads " q A. B. C. &c. qi nasqirent."

AJ). 1350-1.

25 Edward HI. Stat. 1.

177

les fcnfice & avantage da? & porter heritage deinz la dite ligeance, come les an& heritors avantditz, en temps avenir; Issint totes* foitz q les mieres de tieux enfantz passent la meer p conge & volunte de lour barons. Et si alleggee soit, contre nul tiel nee p dela, qil est bastard, en cas ou Levesq> doit avoir conissance de bastardie, soit maunde a Levesq, du lieu la ou la demande eSt de Stifier la Court le Roi ou le pie ent pend, sicome aun-cieaement ad este usee en cas de tystardie, alegge contre ceux qi nas-quirent en EngleSre.

advantages, to have and bear the inheritance within the same ligeance, as the other inheritors aforesaid in time to come; so always, that the mothers of such children do pass the sea by the licence and wills of their husbands.

And if it be alledged against any such Trial of bom beyond the sea, that he is a bastard, in case where the bishop ought to have cognisance of bastardy, it shall be commanded to the bishop of the place where the demand is, to certify the King's court where the plea thereof hangeth, as of old times hath been used in the case of bastardy alledged against them which were bora in England.

Hr $'btssort%.f

The STATUTE of PRO VISORS of BENEFICES.

t In margin© Kotuli.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. vo Turr. Lond. to. 17.

£10ME jadis, en le plement de bone memoire Sire Edward Roi Den-

Ael nfe fT le Roi qore est, lan de son regne trentisme quint a Kardoil tenuz, oie la peticion mise devant le dit Ael & son conseil en le dit plement p la ooalte de son Roialme, contenant q come seinte eglise Dengle^re estoit founde en estat de placie, deins le Roialme Dengle?re, p le dit Ael & ses pgenitours, & Countes Barons & Nobles de son Roialme & lour an-

Statute the Fourth*

WHEREAS late in the Parliament " * of good memory of Edward King of England, grandfather to our lord the King that now is, the [xxv*] year of his reign, holden at Carlisle, the petition [heard, put before *] the said grandfather and his council in his said Parliament by the commonalty of the said realm, containing, that ^phereas the Holy Church of England was founded in the estate of prelacy, within the realm of England, by the said grandfather and his progenitors, and the earls, barons, and other nobles of his said realm, and their ancestors,

1 five and thirtieth

2 being heard, which was offered unto

Statute the Sixth in all former printed copies: It is here printed according to its place on the Statute Roll. It is entered in the Parliament Roll 25 Ed. HI. p. 1. nu. 46. intituled in the margin "Lestatut de reSvafi&ns & pvis." See the note on Statute the first of this year.

M

178

25 Edwakd III. Stab. 4.

A.D. 1350-1.

Recital of proceedings in Parliament 35 Ed. I.

The origin and purpose of the possessions given to the Church.

Voidances and presentments of benefices belong to the King and great men.

The Pope bestoweth spiritual livings upon aliens not dwelling in

The inconveniences ensuing thereon.

to inform them and the people of the law of God, and to make hospitalities, alms, and other works of charity, in the places where the churches were founded, for the souls of the founders, their heirs, and all Christians; and certain possessions, as well in fees, lands, rents, as in advowsons, which do extend to a great value, were assigned by the said founders to the prelates and other people of the Holy Church of the said realm, to sustain the same charge, and especially of the possessions which were assigned to archbishops, bishops, abbots, priors, religious, and all other people of Holy Church, by the Kings of the said realm, earls, barons, and other great men of his realm; the same Kings, earls, barons, and other nobles, as lords and advowees, have had and ought to have the custody of such voidances, and the presentments and the collations of the benefices being of such prelacies: And the said Kings in times past were wont to have the greatest part of their council, for the safeguard of the realm when they had need, of such prelates and clerks so advanced; [the Bishop1] of Rome, accroching to him the seignories of such possessions and benefices doth give and grant the same benefices to aliens, which did never dwell in England, and to cardinals, which might not dwell here, and to other as well aliens as denizens, as if he had been patron or advowee of the said dignities and benefices, as he was not of right by the law of England; whereby if they should be suffered, there should scarcely be any benefice within a short time in the said realm, but that it should be in the hands of aliens and denizens by virtue of such provisions, against the good will and disposition of the founders of the same benefices; and so the elections

1 the Pope MS. Tr. 2.

cestres, pr eux & le poeple enfourmer de la lei Dieu, & p* faire hospitalites aumoignes & au?s oe9es de charite es lieux ou les eglises feurent foundes p* les almes de foundours & de lpur heirs & de touz Cristiens; & Steins possessions, tant en feez ?res & rentes come en avowesons qu se extendent a grande value, p les ditz foundours feurent assignez as platz & aufc gentz de seinte eglise du dit Roialme, pr cele charge sustenir, & nomement des possessions q feurent assignee as Er-cevesqes, Evesqes, Abbes, Priours, Religious & au?s gentz de seint eglise, p les Rois du dit Roialme, Countes, Barons & auYs Nobles de son Roialme, meismes les Rois, Countes, Barons & Nobles, come Seignrs & avowes eussent & a9 deussent la garde de tieles voidances, & les psentementz & collacions des benefices esteantz des tieles placies; & les ditz Rois en temps passe soloient a9 la greinre ptie de lour conseils p* la saivadon dn Roialme qant ils eneurent mester, de tiels platz & Clercs issint avances; Le Pape de Rome, acrochant a lui la Seign^e de tieles possessions & benefices, meismes les benefices dona & graunta as aliens qi unqes ne de-mrerent el Roialme Dengle^re, & as Cardinalx q y demrer ne p^roient* & as aufe tant aliens come denzeins, autresi come il eust este patron ou avowe des dites dignites & benefices, come il ne feust de droit selonc la lai Dengletre; p les queux sils feussent 8oeffertz a peine dem^oit ascun benefice, en poi de temps, el dit Roialme qil ne §roit es meins daliens & denzeins, p 9tue de tieles gvisions, contre la bone volunte & disposicion des foundours de meismes les benefices,

179

i

& issint les eleocions des Ercevesqs, Evesches, & au& Religious faudroient, & les almoignes, hospitalites & au?s oe9es de charite q Sroient faitz as ditz lieux Sroient sustretes, le dit Ael & auls lais patrons en temps de tieles voidanoes pderoient lour psentementz, le dit conseil piroit, & biens sanz nombre Sroient emportes hors du Roialme, en adnullacion del estat de seinte eglise dengle?re, & disheriteson du dit Ael, & des Countes Barons & nobles, & en offens & destruccion des lois & droifres de 'son Roialme, & grant damage de son poeple, & sub-Vsion del estat de tut son Roialme susdit, & contre la bone disposicion & volunte des prifls foundours; del assent des Countes/ Barons, Nobles & tute la dite Coalte, a lour instante requeste, consideres les damages & grevances susdites en le dit ple9 plement feust p^eu ordine & establi q les dites grevances, oppssions & damages, en meisme le Roialme des adonqs mes ne Sroient soeffertz en ascun ma9e. Et ja monstre soit a n?e Seignr le Roi, en cest plement tenuz a Westm a les Oetaves de la Purificacion de nre Dame, lan de son regne Dengle?re vintisme quint, & de France duszisme, p la greveuse pleinte de toute la coe de son Roialme q les grevances & meschiefs susditz sa-bondent de temps en temps, a plus grant damage & destruccion de tut le Roialme, plus q unqs ne firent; cest assa9 qore de novel nfe seint piere le Pape, p gcurement des clercs

of archbishops, bishops, and other religious should fail, and the alms, hospitalities, and other works of charity, which should be done in the said places, should be withdrawn, the said grandfather, and other lay-patrons, in the time of such voidances, should lose their presentments, the said council should perish, and goods without number should be carried out of the realm, in adnullation of the estate of the Holy Church of England, and disherison of the said grandfather, and the earls, barons, and other nobles [of the said realm,] and in offence and destruction of the laws and rights of his realm, and to the great damage of his people, and in subversion of all the estate of his said realm, and against the good disposition and will of the first founders: By the assent of in the the earls, barons, and other nobles, g^jent and of all the said commonalty, at provision was their instances and requests, the da-mage and grievances afore considered, in the said full Parliament it was [ordained, provided, established, agreed, adjudged, and considered,1] that the said oppressions, grievances, and damages in the same realm from henceforth should not be suffered in any manner. And now it is shewed to our lord the King in this present Parliament holden at Westminster, at the utas of the Purification of our Lady, the five and twentieth year of his reign of England, and of France the twelfth, by the grievous complaints of all the commons of his realm, that the grievances and mischiefs aforesaid do daily abound, to the greater damage and destruction of all [his realm of England,2] more than ever were before, viz. that now of T^ePope late [the Bishop of Rome*] by pro- bSc^of curement of clerks and otherwise, the Church,

and reserveth

the first fruits

1 provided, ordained, and established to himself!

2 this realm

3 our Holy Father the Pope MS.

M r

25 Edward III. Stat. 4.

A.D. 1350-1.

The causes and reasons of making this statute.

hath reserved, and doth daily reserve to his collation generally and especially, as well archbishopricks, bishop-ricks, abbeys, and priories, as all other dignities and other benefices of England, which be of the advowry of people of Holy Church, and (*) give the same as well to aliens as to denizens, and taketh of all such benefices the first fruits, and many other profits, and a great part of the treasure of the said realm is carried away and dis-pended out of the realm, by the purchasers of such [benefices and graces aforesaid2]; and also by such privy reservations many clerks advanced in this realm by their true patrons, which have peaceably holden their advancements by long time, be suddenly put out: Whereupon the said commons have prayed our said lord the King, that sith the right of the crown of England, and the law of the said realm is such, that upon the mischiefs and damages which happen to his realm, he ought, and is bound by his oath, with the accord of his people in his Parliament, thereof to make remedy and law, [and in removing2] the mischiefs and damages which thereof ensue, that it may please him thereupon to ordain remedy:

Our lord the King, seeing the mischiefs and damage before mentioned, and having regard to the said statute made in the time of his said grandfather, and to the causes contained in the same; which statute holdeth always his force, and was never defeated, [repealed4] nor adnulled in any point, and by so much as he is bounden by his oath to cause the same to be kept as the law of his realm, though that by sufferance and negligence it hath been sithence attempted to the contrary; also having regard to the grievous complaints made to him by

1 doth 2 graces

8 for the voiding of 4 MS. Tr. omits.

& autrement ad reservee & reserve de jour en autre a sa collacion, geSal-ment & especialment, sibien Erceves-chees, Eveschees, Abbeies, & Priories, come totes dignetes & au?s benefices dengle?re, q sont del avowerie de gentz de seinte eglise, & les donne auxibien as aliens come as denzeins, & pnt de touz tiels benefices les prifles fruitz & au?s gfitz plusours; & grande ptie du tresor del Roialme si eat emporte & despendu hors du Roialme, p les prchaceours de tieles g*ces; & auxint, p tieles reservations prives, plusours clercs avances en ceste Roialme p lour 9roies patrons, q ont tenuz lour avance-mentz p long temps pesiblement, sont sodeinement ostes; sur quoi la dite Coe ad prie a n?e Seignr le Roi q desicome le droit de la Corone Den-gleSre & la loi du dite Roialme sont tieles, q sur meschiefe & damages q si aviegnont a son Roialme il doit & est tenuz p son 8ement, del acord de son poeple en son plement, faire ent remede & lei, en ostant les meschiefs & damages qensi avignont, q lui pleise de ce ordiQ remede: Nre Seignr le Roi, veiant les meschiefe & damages susnomes & eant regard al dit estatut fait en temps son dit Ael, & a les causes continues en ycele, le quel estasut tient touz jours sa force & ne feust unqes defait ne anulli en nul point, & ptant est il tenuz p son dement del faire garder come la loi de son Roialme, coment q p soeffranee & negligence ad este puis attempte a coniMre; & auxint eant regard a les grevouses pleintes a lui feites p

25 Edward III. Stat. 4*.

181

son poeple, en see di9s plementz cea enarere tenuz, voillantz les ?sgantz damages & meschiefs q sont avenuz, & viegnont de jour en autre a la Eglise Dengle?re p la dite cause remede ent ordiner; p assent de touz les g*ntz et la Coalte de son dit Roialme, Al honr de Dieu & gfit de la dite eglise Dengle?re & de tut son Roialme, ad ordine & establi, q les franches eleccions des Erceveschees, Eveschees, & tutes au?s dignites & benefices electife en Engle^re, se tieg-nent desore, en ma8e come eles feurent grantes p les ggenitours nfe dit (T le Hoi, & p les auncestres daufc Seignrs foundes. Et q touz platz, & auSs gentz de seinte eglise qi ont avowe-sons de quecomqes benefices des douns nfe tr le Roi & de ses ggenitours, ou dau?s Seignrs & donours, p* faire divines § vices & au?s charges ent or-dines, eient lour collacions & psente-mentz franchement en maSe come ils estoient feffes p lour donours. Et en cas q dascune Erceveschee, Eveschee, dignite, ou autre quecuq, benefice, soit reservacion, collacion, ou gvision faite p la court de Rome, en desfrbance des eleccions, collacions ou psentacions susnomes, q a meisme les temps des voidances, q tieles reservacions collacions & gvisions deusent pndre effect, q a meisme la voidance nfe Seignr le Roi & ses heirs eient & enjoicent pr cde foitz les collacions, as Erceveschees, Eveschees & au?s dignites electives, qe sont de savowerie, autieles come ses ggenitours avoient avant q franche eleccion feust g^uute, de-

his people in divers his Parliaments holden heretofore, willing to ordain remedy for the great damages and mischiefs which have happened, and daily do happen to the Church of England by the said cause; by the assent of all the great men and the commbnalty of the said realm, to the honour of God, and profit of the said Church of England, and of all his realm, hath [ordered1] and stablished, that the free elections of archbishops, bishops, and all other dignities and benefices elective in England, shall hold from henceforth in the manner as they were granted by the King's progenitors, and [the ancestors of other lords, founders of the said dignities and other benefices.2] And that all prelates and other people of Holy Church, which have advowsons of any benefices of the King's gift, or of any of his progenitors, or of other lords and donors, to do divine services, and other charges thereof ordained, shall have their collations and presentments freely to the same, in the manner as they were enfeoffed by their donors. And in case that reservation, collation, or provision be made by the court of Rome, of any arch-bishoprick, bishoprick, dignity, or other benefice, in disturbance of the [free8] elections, collations, or presentations aforenamed, that at the same time of the voidance, [that4] such reservations, collations, and provisions [ought to5] take effect, our lord the King and his heirs shall have and enjoy for the same time the collations to the archbishopricks (6) and other dignities elective, which be of his advowry, such as his progenitors had, before that free election was

Elections of bishops and other dignities of the church shall be free, as they were founded.

Collations and presentations shall be free.

Where the Pope maketh provision to a dignity of the Church, the King shall present:

1 ordained

2 founded by the ancestors of other lords

3 MS. Tr. omits. 4 when

5 shall 8 bishopricks

25 Edward III. Stat. 4.

A.D. 1350-1.

So in cases of provision to religious houses; or to benefices of the advowson of the clergy.

Saving, when no provision, or die parties themselves present.

granted, [since that the election was1 2] first granted by the King's progenitors upon a certain form and condition, as to demand licence of the King to chuse, and after the election to have his royal assent, and not in other manner; which conditions not kept, the thing ought by reason to resort to his first nature: And if any such reservation, provision, or collation be made of any house of religion of the Kings advowry, in disturbance of free election, our sovereign lord the King, and his heirs, shall have for that time the collation to give this dignity to a convenient person. And in case that collation, reservation, or provision be made by the court of Rome of any church, prebend, or other benefices, which be of the advowry of people of Holy Church, whereof the King is advowee paramount immediate, that at the same time of the voidance, at which time the collation, reservation, or provision [ought to2] take effect as afore is said, the King and his heirs thereof shall have the presentment or collation for that time; and so from time to time, whensoever such people of Holy Church shall be disturbed of their presentments or collations, by such reservations, collations, or provisions, as afore is said; saving to them the right of their advowsons and their presentments, when no collation or provision of the court of Rome is thereof made, (8) where that the said people of Holy Church shall or will to the same benefices present or make collation; and that their presentees may enjoy the effect of their collations or presentments: And in the same manner every other lord, of what condition that he be, shall have the collations or presentments to the houses of religion which be of his

si come pies elections feurent pimes g*ntez, p les pgenitours le Roi, sr Steines forme & condition, come a de-mander du Roi conge de eslir, & puis aps la election da9 son assent roial, & nemye en autr ma9e; les queles conditions nyent gardez, la chose doit p reson resortir a sa p^e nat*e: et q si dascune Meson de Religion del avowerie le Roi, soit tiele reservation, collation, ou g vision faite, destorbance de frnche election, eit nfe fT le Roi & ses heirs a cele foitz la collation, a doner cele dignite a psone covenable. Et en cas q reservation, collation on gvision soit faite [a8] la Court de Rome, de nule Esglise, [gvende,8] on autr benefice q sont del avowerie des genz de seinte esglise, dont le Roi est avowe pamount inmediat, q a mesme le temps de voidance, a quel temps la reservation collation ou4] g vision den-sent pndre effeit, come desus est dit, q le Roi & ses heirs de ce eient le psentement, ou collation a cele foitz; & issint de temps en temps a totes les foitz q tieles gentz de seinte eglise §ront desfrbes de lour psentementz ou collations p tieles reservations collations ou g visions come desus est dit; Sauvee a eux le droit de lour avowe-sons & psentementz qant nul collation ou gvision de la Court de Rome ent ne soit faite, ou q les dites gentz de seinte eglise osent & vuillent a meismes les benefices psenter ou collation faire, & lour psentees puissent leffect de lour collations & psentementz enjoier: et en meisme la mafie eit chescun autre Seignr de quel condition qil soit, lea psentementz ou collations a les mesons de religion q sont de savowerie, & as

1 seeing that the elections were

2 should 3 or MS. Tr. 2.

1 4 These sentences are written on an erasure.

2 p Rot. Parl. 3 gvendre Rot. Parl.

AS). 1350-1.

25 Edward III. Stat. 4.

183

benefices de seinte eglise q sont ap*te-naniz a meismes les mesons. Et si tiels avowes ne psentent point a tieles benefices, deinz le demy an aps tieles yoidanoes, ne levesq, de lien ne la donne p laps de temps deinz un mois aps le demy an, q adonqs le Roi eit ent les psentementz & collacions, come il ad dau& de savowerie demeisne. Et en cas q les psentes le Roi, ou les psentes dau?s patrons de seinte eglise, on de lour avowes, ou ceux as queux le Roi on tielx patrons ou avowes snsditz a9ont done benefices aprte-nantz a lour psentementz on collacions, soient desfrbez p tiels pvisours, issint qils ne pnissent avoir possession de tieles benefices, p 9tue des psentementz b collacions issint a eux faitz, on q ceox q sont en possessions des tiels benefices soient empesches snr lour dites possessions p tielx pvisours, adonqes soient les ditz pvisours & lour pcura-tours, executors & notaires attaches p lour corps, et menes en response, et sils soient convictz demoergent en prisone sanz estre lesse a mein prise, en bailie, ou autrement delivres, tan-qils a9ont fait fin & redempcion au Roi a sa volente, & gree a la ptie q se sentera greve. Et nient meins, avant qils soient delivres facent pleine re-nunciacion, & troevent sufficeante seurete qils nattempteront tiele chose en temps avenir, ne nul pees sueront p eux ne p autre de9s nuly en la dite Court de Rome, ne nule part aillours, p* miles tieles emprisonementz ou renunciacions, ne nule autre chose dependant de eux. Et en cas q tielx pvisours, peuratours, executors & notaires ne soient trovez, q lexigende courge de9s eux p due pees, & q briefs

advowry, and other benefices of Holy Church which be pertaining to the same houses. And if such advowees do not present to such benefices within the half year after such void-ances, nor the bishop of the place do not give the same by lapse of time within a month after half a year, that then the King shall have thereof the presentments and collations, as he hath of other of his own advowry. And in case that the presentees of the King, or the presentees of other patrons of Holy Church or of their advowees, or they to whom the King, or such patrons or advowees aforesaid, have given benefices pertaining to their presentments or collations, be disturbed by such provisors, so that they may not have possession of such benefices by virtue of the presentments or collations to them made, or that they which be in possession of such benefices be impeached upon their said possessions by such pro-visors; then the said provisors, their procurators, executors, and notaries, shall be attached by their body, and brought in to answer; and if they be convict, they shall abide in prison without being let to mainprise, or bail, or otherwise delivered, till that they have made fine and ransom to the King at his will, and gree to the party that shall feel himself grieved. And nevertheless before that they be delivered, they shall make full renunciation, and find sufficient surety that they shall not attempt such things in time to come, nor sue any process by them, nor by other, against any man in the court of Rome, nor in any part elsewhere, for any such imprisonments or renunciations, nor any other thing depending of them.

And in case that such provisors, procurators, executors, or notaries be not found, that the exigent shall run against them by due process, and that

Presentations by patrons; and on their default by the King.

The penalties for disturbance by provisors:

Imprisonment on conviction;

Renunciation and surety against future attempts.

Process of outlawry.

25 Edwaed IIL 4.

A.D. 1350-1.

The King shall have intermediate profits.

Commencement of this act

In margins Rotuli.

writs shall go forth to take their bodies in what parts they be found, as well at the King's suit as at the suit of the party, and that in the mean time the King shall have the profits of such benefices so occupied by such provisors, except abbeys, priories, and other houses, which have colleges or convents; and in such houses the colleges and convents shall have the profits; saving always to our lord the King, and to all other lords, their old right. And this statute shall have place as well of reservations, collations, and provisions made and granted in times past against all them which have not yet obtained corporal possession of the benefices granted to them by the said reservations, collations, and provisions, as against all other in time to come. And this statute oweth to hold place and to begin at the said utas.

issent de pndre lour corps quel pt qils soient trovez, auxibien a la suite le Boi come de ptie, et qen le mesne temps le Boi eit les pfitz de tielx benefices, issint ocupez p tielx gvi-sours, forspris Abbeies, Priories, & aufs mesons qont college ou Covent; & en tieles mesons eient les Covent & colleges les pfitz, sauvant totefoitz a nfe ir le Boi & as auts Seign1* lour aunciene droit. Et eit cest estatut lieu autresibien de reservacions col-lacions & pvisions faites & grantee en temps passe, de9s touz ceaux q ne sont unqore adept corporele possession des benefices, a eux granntes, p meismes les reservacions, collacions & pvisions, come de9s toux aufs en temps avenir. Et doit cest Estatut tenir lieu comenceant a les oetaves susditz.

£>tatutu apt)U TOr^trn ut tit ittito &ci

Utllarti atttto vtgniftegte €. Veil bfoatmo tfnto tento, fern.

A STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER;

In the Parliament holden in the Feast of Saint Hilary;

In the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD the Third.

Statute the Fifth.

At the Parliament summoned at Westminster in the feast of St. Hilary, the year of the reign of our lord King Edward the third [after the conquest,] of England the five and twentieth, and of France the twelfth; our said lord the King, by the assent of the prelates, earls, barons, and of all the commonalty of his realm of England summoned to the Parliament, to the honour of Qod

Exmagno Rot. Stat. in Turr.

Lond. m. 16.

U plement somonz a Westm, en la feste de Seint Hiller lan du regne nfe Seignr le Roi Edward Dengletro vintisme quint, & de France douzisme, nfe iT le Roi del assent des Prelatz, Dues, Countes, Barons, & de tout la comunalte de son Roialme Denglefre, au dit plement somons, al honr de

25 Edward III. Stat 5.

185

Dieu & de Seinte Eglise, & en amende-ment de son dit Roialme, ad ordeine & establi les choses soutzescriptes. * Auxint prceo q di9ses opinions ount este einz ces heures qeu cas, qant il avient doit estre dit treson, & en quel cas noun, le Roi a la requeste des Seignrs & de la Coe, ad fait declarisse-raent q ensuit, Cest assavoir; qant home fait compasser ou ymaginer la mort nre Seignr le Roi, ma dame sa compaigne, ou de lour fitz primer & heir; ou si home violasfc la compaigne le Roi, ou leisnesce fill le Roi nient marie, ou la compaigne leisne fitz & heir du Roi; & si home leve de guerre oontre nre dit Seign* le Roi en son Roialme, ou soit aherdant as enemys nre Seignr le Roi en le Roialme, donant a eux eid ou confort en son Roialme on p aillours, & de ceo pvablement soit atteint de o9t faite p gentz de

lour condicion: et si hdme contreface [les g»nt ou prive sealx le Roi,1] ou sa monoie, et si home apport faus monoie en ceste Roialme contrefaite a la monoie Dengle?re, si come la monoie appelle [Lucjnburgh2] ou autre semblable a la dite monoie DengleSre, sachant la monoie estre faus, pr merchander, ou paiement faire eu deceit nre dit Seign* le Roi & son poeple; et si home tuast Chanceller,

Tresorer, ou Justice nre Seign* le Roi

del un Baunk ou del autre, Justice en

Eir A* des assises & toutes auSs Justices

assignez a oier & ?miner esteiantz en

lours places en fesantz lours offices:

et fait a entendre qen les cases

suisnomez doit estre ajugge treson

[q sestent ^ a nre Seignr le Roi & a

sa roial majeste; et de tiele ma&e

de treson la forfait^e des eschetes

1 le grant seal le Roi, Rot. Parl. 25 E. 3. P. II. nu. vij. (17.)

5 Lusseburgft Rot. Parl.

1 cj ce estent Rot. Parl.

and Holy Church, and in amendment of his said realm, hath ordained and established the things underwritten. *

Item, whereas divers opinions have Decla^<m been before this time [in what case ^hai offence* treason shall be said, and in what not ;J] the King, at the request of the Reason/ lords and of the commons, hath made a declaration in the manner as here-

after followeth, that is to say; when Compassing

a man doth compass or imagine the |£elfog of

death of our lord the King, or of our Queen, or their

lady his [Queen2] or of their eldest

son and heir; or if a man do violate Queen, or the

the King's [companion,2] or the King's ^ughter

eldest daughter unmarried, or the unmarried,

wife (8) the Kings eldest son and

heir; or if a man do levy war against levying war;

our lord the King in his realm, or be adhering to

adherent to the King's enemies in his

. ° enemies;

realm, giving to them aid and comfort

in the realm, or elsewhere, and thereof be [probably 4] attainted of open deed by [the people5] of their condition:

And if a man counterfeit the King's great counterfeiting

or privy seal, or his money; and if a man ^ King's

bring false money into this realm, counter- 8ealB>ormoneyi

feit to the money of England, as the importing

money called lushburgh, or other, like to counterfeit

the said money of England, knowing the moue7

money to be false, to merchandise or make

payment in deceit of our said lord the

King and of his people; and if a killing the

man slea the chancellor, treasurer, or

the Bang's justices of the one bench judges in exe-

or the other, justices in eyre, or jus- cation of their

tices of assise, and all other justices

assigned to hear and determine, being

in their places, doing their offices:

and it is to be understood, that in the

cases above rehearsed, [thatf6] ought

to be judged treason which extends

to our lord the King, and his royal

majesty: Aoid of such treason the for-

feiture of the escheats pertaineth to forfeiture of all

the offenders'

1 what case should be adjudged treason, lands, and what not;

2 wife 3 of

4 proveably MS. Tr. 2.

5 people 6 it

186

25 Edward III. Stat. 5.

A.D. 1351-2.

Petit treason. Forfeiture of the lands to the lords.

New questions of treasons shall be decided in Parliament.

Certain offences not treason.

In each cases already happened, the chief lords shall have the escheats.

Saving the King's year and waste.

our sovereign lord, as well of the lands and tenements holden of other, as of

himself: And moreover there is another manner of treason, that is to say, when a servant slayeth his master, or a wife her husband, or when a man secular or religious slayeth his prelate, to whom he oweth faith and obedience; and [of such treason the escheats ought to pertain1] to every lord of his own fee: And because that many other like cases of treason may happen in time to come, which a man cannot think nor declare at this present time; it is accorded, that if any other case, supposed treason, which is not above specified, doth happen (1 2) before any justices, the justices shall tarry without any going to judgement of the treason, till the [cause 8] be shewed [and declared before the King and his Parliament,4] whether it ought to be judged treason or [other5] felony. And if percase any man of this realm ride armed [covertly6] or secretly with men of arms against any other, to slay him, or rob him, or take him, or retain him till he hath made fine or ransom for to have his deliverance, it is not the mind of the King nor his council, that in such case it shall be judged treason, but shall be judged felony or trespass, according to the laws of the land of old time used, and according as the case requireth. And if in such case, or other like, before this time any justices have judged treason, and for this cause the lands and tenements have comen into the King's hands as forfeit, the chief lords of the fee shall have the* escheats of the tenements holden of them, whether that the same tenements be in the King's hands, or in others, by gift or in other manner; saving always to our lord

1 such manner of treason giveth forfeiture of escheats

2 of new, MS. Tr. 2. 3 case

4 before the King in his Parliament, and it be

declared

6 else 6 openly

apptient a nre Seignr le Roi, si bien

des {res & tenz tenuz des au{s, come

de lui meismes: et ovesq* ceo il yad autre maSe de treson, cest assavoir qant un §vant tue son meistre, une feme <J tue son baron, qant home seculer ou de religion tue son Prelat, a qi il doit foi & obedience; & tiele maSe de treson donn forfaitre des eschetes a chescun Seignr de son fee ppre: et p1 ceo q plusurs au&

cases de semblable treson p^ont es-

cheer en temps a venir, queux home

ne prra penser ne declarer en psent,

assentu est q si autre cas supposes

treson q nest especifie p amount

aviegne de novel devant ascunes

Justices, demoerge la Justice saunz

aler au juggement de treson, tanq, p

devant nre Seign* le Roi [en1] son

plement soit le cas monstree & desclarre

le quel ceo doit estre ajugge treson ou

autre felonie. Et si p cas ascun home

de cest Roialme chivach arme desco-

vert ou secrement od gentz armees

contre ascun autre, p* lui tuer ou

derober, ou pr lui pndre & retenir

tanqil face fyn ou raunceon pr sa

deliverance avoir, nest pas lenient du

Roi & de son conseil q en tiel cas

soit ajugge treson, einz soit ajugge

felonie ou {spas solonc la lei de la {re

auncienement usee, & solonc ceo q le

cas demand: et si en tieu cas, ou

autre semblable devant ces heures,

ascune Justice eit ajugge treson, & p

celle cause les {res & tenz soient

devenuz en la main nre Seignr le Roi

come forfaitz, eient les chiefs Seignrs

de fee lours eschetes des tenz de eux

tenuz, le quel q les tenz soient en la

main nre Seignr le Roi, ou en la main

des au{s, p donn ou en autre ma8e;

Sauvant totefoitz a nre Seignr le Roi

1 & Hot. Pari.

25 Edwakd III. Stat 5.

187

Ian & le wast, & aufe forfait^es des chateux q a Ini attenent en les cases suisnomez; et q briefs de Scire fac 9s les fees tenantz soient g&ntez en tien cas, saunz autre originale & saunz allower la pteccion nre Seign* le Boi en la dite seute; et q de les fees q sont en la main le Hoi, soit g*nte brief as viscontes des Countees la on les fees 8ront de ostier la main

le Boi saunz outre delaie.

{Rep* in part, as follows —

as to petit treason, 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1. as to counterfeiting the bang's great or privy seal, 11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 66. 8. 31.

as to counterfeiting the King's money and to bringing false money into this realm, 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. l.J

Auxint acorde est, q nul enditour soit mys en enquest sr la delifemce del endite de fepas ou de felonie, sil soit chalange p tiele cause p celui qest endite.

Estre ceo, come contenu soit en la g*nt Chre des franchises Denglefee q nul soit pris ne emprisone, ne ouste de son frank ten ne de ses franchises ne de ses Branches costumes, sil ne soit p lei de la fee; Acorde est, as-sentu & establi, q nul desore soit pris p peticion ou suggestion faite a nre Seignr le Boi ou a son conseill, sil ne soit p enditement ou psentement des bones & loialx du visnee ou tiele fait se face, & en due ma&e, ou pees fait but brief original a la coe lei; ne q nul soit ouste de ses franchises ne de son frakten sil ne soit mesne duement en respons, & forjugge dyceles p yoie /

the King the year, and the waste, and the forfeitures of chattels, which pertain to him in the cases above named; and that [the writs1] of scire facias Scire facias be granted in such case against the land-tenants, without other original, and without allowing [any protection2] in the said suit; and that of the lands . which be in the King's hands, writs be granted to the sheriffs of the counties where the lands be, to deliver them out of the King's hands without delay.

JRep. in part, as follows —

as to petit treason, 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. 1.

as to counterfeiting the King's great or privy seal, 11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 66. s. 31.

as to counterfeiting the King's money and to bringing false money into this realm, 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 34. s. l.J

Item, it is accorded, that no in- m. dictor shall be put in inquests upon deliverance of the indictees of felonies upon an or trespass, if he be challenged for mquest that same cause by him which is so indicted.

Item, whereas it is contained in IV. the Great Charter of the franchises ^°^*a^pon of England, that none shall be im- suggestion prisoned nor put out of his freehold, nor of his franchises nor free custom, unless it be by the law of the land; it is accorded assented, and stablished, that from henceforth none shall be taken by petition or suggestion made to our lord the King, or to his council, unless it be by indictment or presentment of good and lawful people of the same neighbourhood where such deeds be done, in due manner, or by process made by writ original at the common law; nor nordia-that none be out of his franchises, but

nor of his freeholds, unless he be duly of law. brought into answer, and forejudged of the same by the course of the law;

1 writs

2 the protection of our lord the King

188

25 EDWABD IIL Stat. 5.

A.D. 1351-2.

v.

Executors of executors shall have the same rights and duties as the first executors.

vn.

Keepers of forests shall not exact puture, &c. by colour of office.

XIV. Process against persons indicted of felony.

and if any thing be done against the Bame, it shall be redresseed and holden for none.

Item, it is accorded and stablished, that executors of executors shall have actions of debts, accompts, and of goods carried away of the first testators, and execution of statutes merchants and recognizances made in court of record to the first testator, in the same manner as the first testator should have had if he were in life, as well of actions of the time past, as of the time to come, in all cases where judgement is not yet given betwixt such executors Q); but that the judgements given to the contrary to this article in times past shall stand in their force; and that the same executors of executors shall answer to other of as much as they have recovered of the goods of the first testators, as the first executors should do if they were in full life.

Moreover it is accorded and stablished, that no forester, nor keeper of forest or chase, nor any other minister, shall make or gather sustenance, nor other gathering of victuals, nor other thing, by colour of their office, against any man's will, within their bailiwick nor without, but that which is due of old right.

Item, it is accorded, that after any man be indicted of felony before the justices in their sessions to hear and determine, it shall be commanded to the sheriff to attach his body by writ or by precept, which is called a capias; and if the sheriff return in the same writ or precept, that the body is not found, another writ or precept of capias shall be incontinently made, returnable at three weeks after; and in the same writ or precept it shall 1

1 of executors

de lei; et si rien soit fait al encontr soit redresse & tenue pr mil.

Ensement acorde est & est&bli, q executours des executours eient ac-cion des dettes, acomptes, & des biens emportez du primer testatour, & exe-cucion des estatutz marchantz & re-coni ssances faites en court de record au pmer Testatour, en meisme la mafie come le pmer testatour &9oit sil feust en vie, auxibien daccions de temps passe, come de temps avenir, en toutz cases ou juggementz ne sont pas renduz unqore entre tieux executours des executours; mes q les juggementz a contrire en temps passe, estoisent en lour force; et q meismes les executours des executours respoig-nent as au?s de tant come ils a?eront reco9i des biens du pmer testatour, sicome les pmers executours ferroient sils feussent en pleine vie.


Estre ceo est acorde & establi, q nul Forester ne Gardein des forestes, ou des chaces, ne nul autre Ministre, ne face ne coille putre ne nul autre coillect des vitailles ne de nul autre chose, p colour de son office contre nully volunte, deinz lour baillie ne dehors, forspris ce qest due dauncien droit.

Et auxint est acorde & assentu, q aps ceo q ascun home soit endite de felonie devant Justices en lour sessions doier & ?miner, soit cdmande au viscont dattach son corps, p brief ou pcept qest appelle Capias, & le viscount retourn en le dit brief ou pcept q le corps soit mie trovee, meintenant soit autre brief ou pcept de Capias fait, retoumable as trois symeignes aps; & en meisme^ le brief

A.D. 1351-2.

25 Edward III. Stat.

189

ou pcept soit compris q le viscount face seisir les chateux & les sauve-ment garder tanq> a jour de brief ou pcept retoumable; et si le viscount respoigne q le corps nest pas trovee, ne lendite vient point, soit lexigend agarde & soient les chateux forfaitz, sicome la lei de la corone demand; Mes sil viegne & se rend ou soit pris p viscount ou p autre Ministre devant le retouru del scde Capias, adonqs soient les biens & les chateux sauvez.

be comprised, that the sheriff shall cause to be seised his chattels, and safely to keep them till the day of the writ or precept returned; and if the sheriff return, that the body is not found, and the indictee cometh not, the exigend shall be awarded, and the chattels shall be forfeit, as the law of the crown ordaineth; but if he come and yield himself, or be taken by the sheriff, or by other minister, before the return of the second capias, then the goods and chattels shall be saved.

$rtrinario €Uto fr'a aptffl QOfcgtnf, aitno r. 3fc. <8. frit btrorimo qtitnto.

An ORDINANCE for the CLERGY,

Made at Westminster in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of

K. Edward III.

Ex magno Rot. Stat m Turr.

Lond. m. 16 d.

TVTfe Seignour le Roi, veues & 1 examinez p bone deliberation les peticions & articles a lui bailliez en son plement, tenuz a Westmonster en la feste de seint Hillar lan de son regne Dengle?re vintisme quint, & de France duszisme, p Lonrable piere en Dieu Simon Ercevesq* de Can?birs et au?s Evesqs de sa pvince, s1 & p* Steines grevances queles ils disoient estre faites a seinte eglise et a la dergie, encontre les privileges de seinte eglise, & dunk ils prierent q covenable remedie ent fuist ordene, al

Statute the Sixth/

/^UR lord the King, seeing and examining by good deliberation the petitions and articles delivered to him in his Parliament holden at Westminster in the feast of St. Hilary, the year of his reign of England the five and twentieth, and of France the twelfth, by the Honourable Father in God, Simon Archbishop of Canterbury, and other bishops of his province, upon and for certain grievances, which they alledged to be done to Holy Church, and to the clergy, against the privileges of Holy Church; and then they prayed, that a conveniable remedy might be thereof ordained, to the

Statute the Third in all former printed copies; and intituled " Statu turn pro Clero. A Statute for the Clergy." — It is entered on the back of the Statute Roll See the note to Statute the First of this year.

190

25 Edward III. Stat. 6.

A.D. 1351-2.

reverence of God and of Holy Church; by the assent of his Parliament, for him and his heirs, willeth and granteth the points underwritten.

I. First, that all the privileges and

SprhS^s11 franchises granted heretofore to the and franchises, said clergy be confirmed and holden The King's in all points. And as touching presentments to be made by our lord in right of the King, or any of his heirs, to a

Limited to benefice of Holy Church in another's

titles in his right by old title, our said lord the

own time. King, to the honour of God and Holy

Church, willeth and granteth, of the assent of the said Parliament, that from henceforth he nor any of his heirs shall not take title to present to any benefice in any other's right of any time of his progenitors; nor that any prelate of his realm be bound to receive any such presentment to be made, nor to do thereof any execution; nor that any justice of the one place, or the other, may not nor ought not to hold plea, or give judgement upon any such presentment to be made; but that the said King and his heirs be for ever hereafter clearly barred of all such presentments; saving always to him and his heirs all such presentments in another's right [fallen, or to fall,1] of all his time, and of the time to come.

Item, whereas before this time our lord the King hath taken title to P168611^ bodices the suggestion tide shall be of many clerks, where the title hath

examined. not been true, and by such present-

ments and judgements thereupon given, the clerks have been received by the ordinaries of the places, against God and good faith, [and in depression ^of them which had good and true title to the said benefices; now the King will and granteth,

m.

On presentations in

re9ence de Dieu & de seinte eglise, & de lassent de son dit plement, p* lui & ses heirs voet & g*nt lee pointz southeecriptz.

Prifflement q toutz les franchises et privileges g*ntez p devant a la dite clergie soient confermez & tenuz en toutz pointz. Et qant as psentementz affaire p nfe dit Seignour le Roi on nul de ses heirs, as benefices de seinte eglise en autri droit p auncien title, nfe Seignour le Roi, al honr de Dieu & de seinte eglise voet et g*nt, de meisme lassent de son dit plement, q desore il ne nul de ses heirs ne pndra title de psenter a nul benefice en autri droit, de nul temps de ses ggenitours, ne q nul Prelat de son roialme soit tenuz de receivre nul tiel psentement afaire, ne ent faire exe-

a

cucion; ne nule Justice del une place ne de lautre pusse ne deive sr nul tiel psentement affaire plee tenir ou jug-gement doner; mes q le dit Roi & ses heirs soient de touz tieuz psente-mentz forbarrez a touz jours, sauvant au dit Roi & a ses heirs toutz tielx psentementz en autri droit de tout son temps et de temps avenir.

# # t

Auxint come nfe Seignr le Roi eit, avant ces heures, pris title de psenter a suggestion des plusours dercs, la ou le title nad este 9rei, & pmi tielx psentementz & juggementz sr oe renduz, les dercs ount este receuz p Ordinaries des lieux, contre dieu & bone foi, & en depssion de ceux q avoient bone & 9rei title es ditz benefices; si voet le Roi & g*nt, q a

1 Not in original; nor in MS. Tr. 2.

A.D. 1351-2.

25 Edwabd III. Stat. 6.

191

quele heure qil ferra collacion ou psentement desore a nul benefice ensi en autri droit, q le title sr quel il se fondra soit bien examinee qil soit 9rei; et a quele heure q avant le juggement rendu le title soit trovee p bone informacion nient 9rei ne just, soit la collacion ou psentement ent fait repelle, & eit le patron ou le possessour, q monstra & gva le faux title, & oe briefs de la CSfcancellerie q*nq, a lui §ront busoignables. * Item p*ce q plusurs psentementz as dieses benefices de seinte eglise sibien de pfonage de laies gentz come de gentz de seinte eglise, qestoient voides p sys mois, dount les collacions de tieux benefices p laps de temps estoient devolutz & de droit appr-tenantes a les Ordinaries des lieux, estoient reco9iz p le Roi, p juggement ent rendu de lassent des ditz patrons, en deceit de les collacions ensi faites resonablement p les ditz Ordinaries, en queux plees, a eux defendre & contrepleder le droit le Roi ensi clamee, les Ordinaries ne lours clercs as queux ils donoient tieux benefices, nestoient receuz a monstyer ou defendre lour droit en celle ptie, la quele chose nestoit mie resonable; p quoi le Roi, de lassent de son dit plement, voet & g*nt p* lui & p* ses heirs, q qBnt Ercevesq*, Evesq^ ou autre Ordinarie ad done un benefice de droit a lui devolut p laps de temps, & aps le Roi psente & pigne sa sente de9s lun patron, qi p cas voet soefrir q le Roi recoV saunz accion

that at what time he shall [take1] collation or presentment from henceforth to any benefice in another's right, that the title whereupon he groundeth himself shall be well examined that it be true; and at what time before judgement (*) the title be found by good information untrue or unjust, the collation or presentment thereof made, shall be repealed; and the patron, or the possessor, which shall shew and prove the false title, shall have thereupon writs out of the Chancery as many as to him shall be needful.



Item, because that many presentments to divers benefices of Holy Church, as well of the patronage of lay people, as of people of Holy Church, which were void by six months, whereof the collation of such benefices by lapse of time was devolute, and of right pertaining to the ordinaries of the places, were recovered by the King by judgements thereof given of the assent of the said patrons, in deceit of the said collations so made reasonably by the said ordinaries; in which pleas (*) the ordinaries nor their clerks, to whom they did give such benefices, were not received to shew nor defend their right in this behalf, [nor to counterplead the King's right so claimed,4] which is not reasonable; wherefore the King, by the assent of the said Parliament, will and granteth for him and his heirs, that when archbishops, bishops, or other ordinaries, have given a benefice of right devolute to him by lapse of time, and after the King presenteth and taketh the suit against the patron, which percaae will suffer that the King shall

1 make 2 rendered

8 to defend themselves, and to counterplead the King*s right so claimed1

4 Omit these words.

vn.

The title taken for the King to a benefice lapsed, may be counterpleaded.

192

25EdwabdIII. States.

A.D. 1351-2

vrn.

Cognisance of avoidance of benefices declared to appertain to the ecclesiastical judge.

IX. Indictments of ordinaries for extortion must be certain.

recover without action tried, in deceit of the ordinary, or the possessor of the said benefices, that in such case, and in all other cases like, where the King's right is not tried, the archbishop or bishop, ordinary or possessor, shall be received to counterplead the title taken for the King, and to have his answer, and to shew and defend his right upon the matter, although that he claim nothing in the patronage in the case aforesaid.

Item, whereas the said prelates have shewed and prayed remedy, for that the secular justices do accroch to them cognisance *of voidance of benefices of right, which cognisance and the discussing thereof pertaineth to the judges of Holy Church, and not to the lay judge; the King will and granteth, that the said justices shall from henceforth receive such challenges made or to be made by any prelate of Holy Church in this behalf, and moreover thereof shall do right and reason.

Item, because that the King's justices do take indictments of ordinaries, and of their ministers, of extortions and oppressions, and impeach them, without putting in certain, wherein or whereof, or in what manner they have done extortion; the King will, that his justices shall not firom henceforth impeach the ordinaries, nor their ministers, because of such indictments of general extortions or oppressions, unless they say, and put in certain, in what thing, and of what, and in what manner the said ordinaries or their ministers have done extortions or oppressions.

trie, en deceit de Lordinair, ou le possessour des ditz benefices, q en tieu cas & en toutes au$s oases semblables ou le droit le Roi nest pas trie, Lercevesq^, Evesqj, Ordinar, ou le possessour soient receuz a contre-pleder le title pris p* le Roi, & davoir son respons & a monstrer & defendre son droit sr la matire, tout soit il q il riens cleime el pronage en cas susdit.

Item c#me les ditz Prelatz eient monstrez & priez remedie sr ce, q les Justices seculers acrochent a eux conissance de voidance des benefices de droit, quelle conissance & discussion attient a Jugge de seinte eglise, & nient a lai Jugge; si voet le Roi & gante q les dites Justices desore receivent tieles chalenges faites on affaire p qcumqs Prelatz de seinte eglise, en celle ptie, & outre ent facent droit & reson.

Item prce q les Justices le Roi pnent enditementz des Ordinaries & de lours Ministres, de extorsions & oppssions, & les empeschent saunz ce qils mettent en Stein en quoi ou de qi ou en quelle mafie ils ount fait extorsion, si voet le Roi q les Justices le Roi ne empeschent desore les Ordinaries ne lour Ministres p cause de tieux enditementz des geS&ls extorsions ou oppssions, sils ne mettent ou dient en Stein en quelle chose & de qi & en quelle mafle les ditz Ordinaries ou lours Ministres ount fait extorsions ou oppssions.

L

AJ>. 1353.

193

27 EDWARD III. A.D. 1353.

£tatutucont" atmtiUatoraS StaUirior' Cur' Resist; fc'm

8tatto jrjrtrij.*

A STATUTE against Annullers of Judgments of the King's Court;

MADE IN THE TWENTY-SEVENTH YEAR.

Ex magno Rot Stat. in Turr.\ '

Lond. m. 15. *

re Seignr le Roi, de lassent & a la priere des Grauntz & de' la c5e de son Roialme Dengleft-e, a son g*nfc conseil tenuz a Westraonster le Lundy, psehein aps la feste de Seint Matheu Lapostle, lan de son regne, cest assavoir DengleSre vintseptisme & de F*nce quatorzisme, en amende-menfc de son dit roialme, & pr les leis & usages de son dit roialme meintenir, si ad ordene & establi les choses souz-eseriptes.

Prifiement, prce q monstree est a nre dit Seignr le Roi, p grevous & clamous pleintes des Grantz & coes avantditz, coment plusours gentz sont b ount este traites hors du roialme, a respondre des choses dount la conis-sance apptient a la Court nre Seignr le Roi; & aussint q les juggementz, renduz en meisme la Court, sont empesehez en autri Court, en pjudice & deshitson nre Seignr le Roi & de sa corone, & de tout le poeple de son dit roialme, & en defesance & anien-tissement de lacoelei de meisme le roialme usee de tout temps: & quoi eue bone delifeacion od Jes gantz & au?s du dit conseil, assentu est & acorde,

Statute the First.

/^\UR lord the King, by the assent " and (l) prayer of the great men, and the commons * of his realm of England, at his great council holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the feast of St. Matthew the Apostle, the twenty-seventh year of his reign of England, and of France the fourteenth, in amendment of his said realm, and maintenance of the laws and usages (*) hath ordained and established these things underwritten.

First, because it is shewed to our lord the King, by the grievous and clamorous complaints of the great men and commons aforesaid, how that divers of the people be, and have been drawn out of the realm to answer of things, whereof the cognisance per-taineth to the King's court; and also that the judgements given in the same court be impeached in [another court,*] in prejudice and disherison of our lord the King, and of his crown, and of all the people of his said realm, and to the undoing and destruction of the common law of the same realm at all times used: Whereupon, good deliberation had with the great men and other of his said council, it is

1 at the 2 of his said realm

3 the court of another,

This title is in the margin of the entry on the Statute Roll. In the printed copies and translations the statute is intituled ' Statutum de Provisoribus Eccle-siasticorum.' 4 A Statute of Provisors.'

All subjects suing in a foreign court for matters cognizable in the Kingvs court, or questioning

N

194

27 Edwabd III. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1353.

elsewhere the judgements of the King's court, shall have two months' warning to answer for such contempt.

On non-

they shall be outlawed, forfeit their lands and goods, and be imprisoned.

Offenders

flnming in

before outlawry, shall be received.

assented and accorded by our lord the King, and the great men and commons aforesaid, that all the people of the King's ligeance of what condition that they be, which shall draw any out of the realm in plea, whereof the cognisance pertaineth to the King's court, or of things whereof judgements be given in the King's court, or which do sue in [any other court,1] to defeat or impeach the judgements given in the King's court, shall have a day containing the space of two months, by warning to be made to them in the place where the possessions be, which be in debate, or otherwise where they have lands or other possessions, by the sheriffs or other the King's ministers, to appear before the King and his council, or in his Chancery, or before the King's justices in his places of the one bench or the other, or before other the King's justices which to the same shall be deputed, to answer in their proper persons to the King, of the contempt done in this behalf; and if they come not at the said day in their proper person to be at the law, they, their procurators, attomies, executors, notaries, and maintainors, shall from that day forth be put out of the King's protection, and their lands, goods, and chattels forfeit to the King, and their bodies, wheresoever they may be found, shall be taken and imprisoned, and ransomed at the King's will: And upon the same a writ shall be made to take them by their bodies, and to seize their lands, goods, and possessions into the King's hands; and if it be returned that they be not found, they shall be put in exigent, and outlawed.

Provided always, that at what time they come before they be outlawed, and will yield them to the King's prison to be justified by the law, and

p nre dit Seignr le Roi & les g*ntz & coes susditz, q totes gentz de la ligeance le Roi, de quele condicion qils soient, qi trehent nulli hors du Roialme, en plee dount la conissance apptient a la Court le Roi, ou des choses dount juggementz sont renduz en la Court le Roi, ou qi suent en autri Court a deffaire oil empesclier les juggementz renduz en la Court le Roi, eient jour contenant lespace de deux mois, p gamissement affaire a eux en le lieu ou les possessions sont qi sont en debat, ou aillours ou ils aVont ?res ou aufs possessions, p le viscont ou autre ministre du Roi, destre devant le Roi & son conseil, ou en sa Chancellerie, ou devant les Justices le Roi en ses places del un Baunk ou del autre, ou devant au& Justices le Roi qi §ront a ce deputes, a respondre [en lo* ppre psones1] au Roi du contempt fait en celle ptie; et sils ne veignent mie au dit jour [en ppre psone2] de esteer a la lei, soient ils, lour pcuratours, attoumez, execu-tours, Notairs & meintenours, de cel jour enavant mis hors de la pteocion le Roi, & lour Sres, biens & chateux forfaitz au Roi, & soient lour corps ou qils soient trovez, pris & empnsonez & reintz a la volunte le Roi; et s* ce soit brief fait de les pndre p lour corps, et de seisir lour Sires, biens & possessions en la main le Roi; et si retoume soit quils ne sont mie trovez, soient mis' en exigend & utlaghez. Purveu totes foitz q a quele heure qils viegnent devant qils soient utlaghez, & se veullent rendre a la prisone le Roi, destre justicez p la lei & receivre ce q

1 the court of another,

Interlined on the roll*

A.D. 1353.

27 Edwabd III. Stat. 1.

195

la Court le Roi agardera en celle ptie, qils soient a ce receuz; la forfaits des Sres, biens & chateux, demorante en sa force, ails ne so rendent deinz lea ditz deux mois come devant est dit.

Ausaint p*ce q nre Seignour le Roi ad sovent g*ntee chartres de pdon de felonies, p feintes & nient 9itables suggestions de pluseurs gentz, dount pluseurs malx sont avenuz cea en arere, & p* tieux malx eschuir, si est acorde & assentu, p nre dit Seignr le Roi & tout le dit conseil, q desore en chescun chartre de pdon de felonie, q 9ra g*nte a suggestion de nully, soit la dite suggestion, & le noun de celui qi fist la suggestion, compris en meisme la chartre; et si aps soit trove la suggestion nient Citable soit la chartre desalowe, & tenue p* nulle: & en-quergent les Justices, devant queux tieux chartres sont alleggez, de meisme la suggestion, & ce aussibien des chartres avant ces heures grantez, come dez chartres q Sront gttntez en temps avenir; et ails la troessent nient 9raie, adonqes desalowent la chartre issint aleggee, & enfacent outre ce q la lei demand

to receive that which the court shall award in this behalf, that they shall be thereto received; the forfeiture of the lands, goods, and chattels abiding in their force, if they do not yield them within the said two months, as afore is said

Item, because our lord the King hath often granted charters of pardon of felonies upon feigned and untrue suggestions of divers people, whereof much evil hath chanced in times past, and for to eschue such evil, it is accorded and assented by our said lord the King, and all the said council, that from henceforth in every charter of pardon of felony, which shall be granted at any man's suggestion, the said suggestion, and the name of him that maketh the suggestion, shall be comprised in the same charter; and if after, the same suggestion be found untrue, the charter shall be disallowed and holden for none: And the justices before whom such charters shall be alledged, shall enquire of the same suggestion, and that as well of charters granted before this time, as of charters which shall be granted in time to come; and if they find them untrue, then they shall disallow the charters so alledged, and shall moreover do as the law demandetL


IL

In a pardon of felony the suggestions and sag* ges for's name shall be comprised*

28 EDWARD III. A.D. 1354.

196

A.D. 1354.

In margine Rotuli.

IT.

Lords of marches of Wales, annexed to the crown.

III. None shall be condemned without due process of law.

VI. Coroners shall be chosen by the commons of the counties.

&tatutum bt anno btoOtmo ortabo terctj.

The STATUTE of The Twenty-eighth Year of King Edward III

/-\UR lord the King, at his Pap-^ liament holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the feast of St. Mark the Evangelist, the year of his reign, of England the eight and twentieth, and of France the fifteenth, to the honour of God and of Holy Church, and for the common profit of him and his people, by the assent of the prelates, [the prince,1] dukes, earls, barons, and the commons of [this2] realm there assembled, hath ordained and established the points under written.

Item, it is accorded and established, that all the lords of the marches of Wales shall be perpetually attending and annexed to the crown of England, as they and their ancestors have been all times past, and not to the principality of Wales, in whose hands soever the same principality be, or hereafter shall come.

Item, that no man of what estate or condition that he be, shall be put out of land or tenement, nor taken, nor imprisoned, nor disinherited, nor put to death, without being brought in answer by due process of the law.

Item, it is ordained and accorded, that all coroners of the counties shall

1 princis MS. Tr. 2. 2 his

Ex magno Rot Stat. in Turr.

Lond. m. 14?.

J^OSTRE Seignour le Roi a son plement tenuz a Weymonster le Lundy pschein aps la feste de Seint Marc Lewangelist, lan de son regne Dengle?re vint & oetisme, & de Fance quinzisme, a lonr de Dieu & de Seinte Eglise, & p* coe pfit de lui & de son poeple, de lassent des Prelate, Princes, Dues, Contes, Barons, & la Coe de son roialme illoeqes assemblez, ad ordene & establi les points souzescriptz.

Item, acorde est & establi, q touz les Seignrs de la Marche de Gales soient ppetuelement entendantz & annexes a la corone Dengle^re, come ils & leur auncestls ount este de tout temps avant ces heures, & nounpas a la Principalte de Gales, en qi mains q meisme la Prindpalte soit ou devendra aps ses heures.

Item, q nul home, de quel estate ou condicion qil soit, ne soit oste de %re ne de teli, ne pris, nemprisone, ne deshite, ne mis a la mort, saunz estre mesne en respons p due pees de lei.

Item, ordene est & establi q touz Coroners des Countees soient esluz en

In the old printed copies this is intituled 1 St&tutum apud Westmonasterium de libertatibus Londoniarum s' and in MS. Harl. 4999, i The Statute of Westminster of the Liberties of London/............

28 Edward III.

197

pleins Contees, p lea Coes de meismes les Contees, de plus .covenables & plus loialx gentz q Sront trovez es ditz Contees affaire le dit office; Sauve totes foitz au Hoi & as au?s Seignrs q tieux Coroners deivent faire, leur Seign^es & I^nchises.

Item, ordene est & establi, q les yiscontz des Contees soient remuez chescun an hors de leur offices; Issint q nul viscont, qad este en son office p un an, demoerge en meisme loffice lan psch ensuant; et q nulle comis-sion lui ensoit feite ou renovele p* meisme lan suant

Item, prce q le poeple du Roialme ad suffert pluseurs malx & meschiefs, de ce q viscontes de dieses Contees, p 9tue des comissions & briefs geSals a eux g*ntez a leur seute demesne, p* leur singuler pfit, de gaigner du poeple, ount fait & pris di9ses en-questes de faire enditer les gentz a leur volunte, & ount pris fins & raun-ceons de eux a leur oeps -demesne, & les ount deli9s saunz ce q tieux enditez feussent mesnez deyant les Justices le Eoi, p* leur deli9ance avoir: Acorde est & establi p* tieux malx & meschiefs eschure, q touz tieux comissions & briefs, avant ces heures faitz, soient outrement repellez, & q desore nulles tieux comissions ne briefs soient g*ntez.

be chosen in the full counties by the commons of the same counties, of the most meet and most lawful people that shall be found in the said counties to execute the said office: Saved always to the King and other lords which ought to make such coroners, their seigniories and franchises.

Item, it is ordained and established, that the sheriffs of the counties shall be removed every year out of their offices; so that no sheriff that hath been in his office by a year, shall abide in the same office the year next following; and that no commission be made to him thereof, or renewed for the same year following.

Item, because that the people of the realm have suffered many evils and mischiefs, for that sheriffs of divers Counties, by virtue of commissions and general writs granted to them, at their own suit, for their singular profit to gain of the people, have made and taken divers inquests to cause [to indict the people1] at their will, and have taken fine and ransom of them to their own use, and have delivered them, whereas such persons indicted were not brought before the King's justices to have their deliverance: It is accorded and established, for to eschew all such evils and mischiefs, that all such commissions and writs before this time made, shall be utterly repealed, and that from henceforth no such commissions nor writs shall be granted.

1 people to be indicted

vn.

Sheriffs shall be removed from office yearly.

rx.

Commissions to sheriffis, for taking inquests to indict people, repealed and prohibited.

31 EDWARD III. A.D. 1357.

198

A.D. 1357.

In margine Rotuli.

n.

The price of wools shall not be abated by covin.

Standard balances and weights shall be sent to every county.

ebftti apub 39Uc£tm' bte py posit Ocpttmana

3tano

The STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER, the Monday next after the Feast of Easter, in the thirty-first year.

Statute the First.

mo the honour of God and Holy Church, it is accorded by our lord the King, the prelates, earls, barons, and all the commonalty of the said realm of England, in [thex] Parliament holden at Westminster the Monday next after the week of Easter, the year of the reign of our lord King Edward, of England the one and thirtieth, and of France the xviii. * Item, whereas at the grievous complaint of the commons of the realm of England, it was shewed, that the merchants which buy wool in fairs and markets, and other places, by covin and consent betwixt them, do abate the price of wools, and use other weight than is ordained by the statute before this time, in annoyance of the people; it is accorded and established, that proclamation be made through the realm, that no merchant do such covin, upon a grievous forfeiture; and if any do against the same after the proclamation, the King shall assign his justices to enquire at the suit of the party of all that do such covin, and to hear and determine for the King and for the party. And that certain balances and weights of sack, half sack, and quarter, pound, half pound, and quarter, according to the standard of the Exchequer, be sent to all sheriffs of England, betwixt this and the nativity of St. John next coming; so that they, such balances 1 this present MS. Tr. 2.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 13.

L hon* de Dieu & de Seinte Esglise, si est acorde p nfe Seignr le Roi, Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & tote la coe du roialme Dengletre, en cest psent plement, tenuz a Westra le Lundy pschein aps la symayne du Pasq^, lan du regne nfe dit Seignr le Roi Edward, Dengletre trent &fprimer & de France disoitisme.

Item come a la gref compleinte de la coe du roialme Dengletre soit monstre, q les Marchauntz qi achatent laines en feyres & marchez & aillors p covyne & consent entre eux, abbessent le pris de laynes, & usent autre pois q nest ordine p estatut devant ces heures, en arerissement du poeple; Si est acorde & establi q pclamacion soit faite p tote le Roialme, q nul Marchaunt face tiele covyne s* gref forfait*e; si nul face a lencontre aps la pclamacion faite, le Roi assignera ses Justices denquere a suyte de ptie de touz qi font tiele covyne, & doier & trainer p* le Roi & pr la ptie. Et q 8teines belaunces & pois, de sac, dimy sac & quarter, livre, dimy livre & quarton, acordauntz a lestandard de lescheqier, soient mandez as touz viscontz Dengletre, entre cy et la Nativite Seint Johan pschein aveS, Issint qils receues les

A.D. 1357.

31 Edwabd III. Stab. 1.

199

elites belances & pois, fecent pclama-

(don p touz lour Counteez, q chescun

qi voudra a9 tieu belances & pois

viegne au viscont devant le Seint

Michel, de faire lour belances & pois

acordantz au dit estandard, a lour

coustages, saunz rien dofl au visconte pr

lassay ou lensample des dites belances

& pois a 9; & q desadonqes nul ne

vende nachate p autre pois, et si nul

face a lencountre soit puny p fyn a

la volente le Roi. JRep. so far as relates to the ascertaining or establishing any standards of weights and measures, or to establishing or recognizing certain differences between weights and measures of the same denomination, 5 Geo. 4. c. 74. s. 23.J

Item, si nul home ou villee soit charge en lescheqier, p estrete des Justices, des chateux des futifs & de felons, & voet allegger en descharge de lui autre q soit chargeable, soit oi & outre fait droit.

Item, acorde est & assentu q en

cas ou home devie intestat, les ordi-nairs facent depu? de plus pscheins & plus loialx amis du mort intestat, p* administrer ses biens; les queux deputez eient accion a demander & recover come execute's les dettes dues au dit mort intestat, en la Court le Roi, p* administrer & despendre p* Jaime du mort; et respoignent auxint, en la Court le Roi, as aufs as queux le dit mort estoit tenuz & obligez, en mesme la mafie come execute's respon-dront; et soient accountables as ordi-nairs, si avant come execute's sont en cas de testament, sibien de temps passe come de temps avenir.


and weights received, shall make open

proclamation thro' all their counties,

that every man that will have such

balances and weights, shall come to

the sheriff before Michaelmas, to make

their balances aDd weights according

to the said standard at their costs,

without any thing giving to the

sheriff for to have assay or example

of the said balances and weights; and

that from [henceforthx] none shall

sell nor buy by other weight, and

if any do against the same, he shall

be punished by fine at the King's

will. JRep. so far as relates to the ascertaining or establishing any standards of weights and measures, or to establishing or recognizing certain differences between weights and measures of the same denomination, 5 Geo. 4. c. 74. s. 23.J

Item, if any man or town be charged in the Exchequer, by estreats of the justices, of the chattels of fugitives and felons, and will alledge in discharge of him another which is chargeable, he shall be heard, and [right done to the other.2]

Item, it is accorded and assented, that in case where a man dieth intestate, the ordinaries shall depute the next and most lawful friends of the dead person intestate to administer his goods; which deputies shall have an action to demand and recover as executors the debts due to the said person intestate in the King's court, for to administer and dispend for the soul of the dead; and shall answer also in the King's court to other to whom the said dead person was holden and bound, in the same manner as executors shall answer; and they shall be accountable to the ordinaries, as executors be in the case of testament, as well of the time past as the time to come.


1 thenceforth 5 moreover right he done.

m.

Discharge of estreats of felons' goods in the Excheqner.

XL The ordinary ahftll commit administration upon an intestacy.

The administrators shall have the same rights and charges as executors.

31 Edward III. Stat. 1..

A.D. 1357.

XIV. Escapes of thieves, chattels of felons, &c. shall be levied, as they fell.

XV. Magna Carta 25 Edw. I. chapter 35.

The sheriff's toum shall be held within the month after Easter and Michaelmas.

Item, it is accorded, that the [escape l] of thieves and felons, and the chattels of felons and of fugitives, and also escapes of clerks convict out of their ordinaries' prison, from henceforth to be judged before any of the Kind's justices, shall be levied from time to time, as they shall fall, as well of the time past as of the time to come.

Item, whereas in the Great Charter it is contained that no sheriff nor his bailiff shall make his turn [by hundreds,1 2] but two times in the year, [in a place due3] and accustomed, that is to say, once after Easter, and another time after Michaelmas; and now divers of the commons have grievously complained them, that some sherifis make their turns oftentimes in Lent, when men ought to intend devotion, and other works of charity, for Remedy of their souls; and sometime after the gule of August, when every man almost is occupied about the cutting and entring of his corn, whereby the people [perceived 4] them much grieved and disquieted: Our lord the King, desiring the quietness of his people, hath ordained and stablished, that every sheriff from henceforth shall make his turn yearly, one time within the month after Easter, and another time within the month after Saint Michael; and if they hold them in other manner, that then they shall lose their turn for the time.

1 escapes MS. Tr. 2.

2 in the hundred,

3 in due place

4 perceiveth

Et outre ceo-est acorde, q les es-chapes de lartfns & felons, & les cha-teux des felonfe & des futifs, & aussint eschapes des Clercs convictz hors de prison de lour ordinairs,'desore ajugger devknt qtecunqs justices nre Seign* le Roi, raoient lavez de temps en temps come 'ils escheitentsibien de temps passe cctacie de:temps avenir.

Item, come -en la gant chartre soit contenu, q nuTvisconte ou son Baillif face son tourn p hundred, forsq, deu-foitz en lan, en lieu due & acustume, cest assa9 unefoitz aps le Pasq . & autrefoitz aps le Seint Michel; & ore plusours de la coe se ont grevouse-ment compleint qascuns viscontes font sovent lour toums en Quarresme, q»nt h5me de9oit entendre a devocion & au?s oe9res de charite, pr remed de salme, & ala foitz aps la gule d'Augst qant chescun apoi est occupie entour le sdere & lentrere de ses bledz; p quoi le poeple se sent mold grevez & deseisez: nf e Seignr le Roi, desirant la quiete de Bon poeple, ad ordine & establi, q chescun visconte desore free son tourn annuelment, unefoitz deinz le Mois aps Pasq, & lautrefoitz deinz le Mois aps le Seint Michel; & sils le tiegnent en autre manle qadonqs ils pdent lour tourn p* le temps.

201

34 EDWARD HI. A.D. 1860-1.

tatutufc'm m tmto apub tm,* anno

A STATUTE hade in the Parliament holden at Westminster;

In the' Thirty-fourth Year Ex. magno Rot. Stat. mTipp. Lond.

m. 10.

/-1ES sont lea chosea .queles nfe ^ Seignr le Roi Prelatz Seignrs & la coraune ont ordinez en ceat psent plement, tenuz a Woatmuatier le Dy-menge pschein devant la feafce de la Con9sion de Seint Poul, a tenir & publier o9tement pmy le Roialme; Cestassavoir:

Priflement q en chescun Countee Dengle?re aoient aaaignez, p1 la garde de la pees, un Seign', & ovestjj lui troia on quatre dea meultz vauez du Countee, ensemblement ove ascnns sages de la ley, & eient poer de restreindre les mesfesonrs, riotors, & tonz au$s baretto'a, & de les pranir, arester, pndre, cbaatier, selonc lear tspas on mesprision; & de faire em-priaoner, k dnement punir selonc la ley k costumes do Roialme, k selonc ce qils vront mieltz afikire p lo' dis-cresdons k bon avisement; k aoxint de eox enformer k denquere de too z ceax qi ont este piloura k robeours es pties de dela, k sont ore revenoz k

vont vagantz, k ne vofllent t»vailler came 3s sddent avant ces boors; k de pndre k arester tooz ceux qils p'tont too? p enditement, oo p sos-peeaoe kIn mettre en prisone k de pndre de tons cenx [qi sont1] de bone

19 ae me LA.Wutm.

MS. Cm. Xerm C. I

rTlHESE be the things which our *- lord the King, the prelates, lords, and the commons have ordained in this present Parliament, holden at Westminster, the Sunday next before the feast of the Conversion of St. Paul, to be holden and published openly through the realm (')

First, that in every county of England shall be assigned for the keeping of the peace, one lord, and with him three or four of the most worthy in the county, with some learned in the law, and they shall have power to restrain the offenders, rioters, and all other barators, and to pursue, arrest, take, and chastise them according their trespass or offence; and to cause them to be imprisoned and duly punished according to the law and customs of the realm, and according to that which to them shall seem best to do by their discretions and good advisement; and also to inform them, and to inquire of all those that have been pillors and robbers in the parts beyond theses, and be now come again, and go wandering, and will not labour as they were wont in times past; and to take and arrest all those that they may find I jindictment, or by SOS' pieion, and to put them in prison; and to take of all them that he [not1]

1; Amt m t&say 'A2

1.

Who shall bo Juetioe* of the peace.

Their Jurisdiction over offender*) rioter*) barrator*)

(key mmr\ tmrHf fir

202

34 Edward III.

A.D. 1360-1.

and may hear and determine felonies and trespasses.

Commissions of general inquiries shall cease.

Fines for trespasses shall be reasonable.

XII. Seizure of lands on surmise of treason in dead persons.

Forfeitures of wars reserved to the King.

of good fame, where they shall be found, sufficient surety and mainprise of their good behaviour towards the King and his people, and the other duly to punish; to the intent that the people be not by such rioters or rebels troubled nor endamaged, nor the peace blemished, nor merchants nor other passing by the highways of the realm disturbed, nor [put in the peril which may happen*] of such offenders: And also to hear and determine at the King's suit all manner of felonies and trespasses done in the same county according to the laws and customs aforesaid; and that writs of oyer and determiner be granted according to the statutes thereof made, and that the justices which shall be thereto assigned be named by the court, and not by the party. And the King will, that all general inquiries before this time granted within any seigniories, for the mischiefs and oppressions which have been done to the people by such inquiries, shall cease utterly and be repealed: And that fines, which are to be made before justices for a trespass done by any person, be reasonable and just, haying regard to the quantity of the trespass, and the causes for which they may be made.



Item, whereas the commons have complained them of escheators, which by colour of their office have seised divers lands and tenements as forfeit to the King for treason surmised in dead persons, which were never attainted of treason in their lives; the King thereof hath good regard; but because he and his progenitors have been seised of the forfeitures of wars of all times, the King will not exclude himself of such right, whereof he found his crown seised, and will continue

1 put in fear by peril which might happen

fame, ou ils Sront trovez, souffisant seurete & meinprise de lo* bon port, de9s le Roi & son poeple, & les auts duement punir; au fin q le poeple ne soit p tieux riotors troble nendamage ne la pees enblemy, ne marchantz nau?s passantz p les hautes chemyns du Roialme destourbez ne abaiez da pil q p*ra avenir de tieux meffesours: & auxint doier & f!miner a la suite le Roi, tote maSe de felonies & ?spas faites en meisme le Countee, selonc les leys & custuraes avantdites; & q briefs doier & fminer soient g*nte8 selonc les estatuz ent faites, mes q les Justices q enserront assignez soient nomez p la Court, & nemie p la ptie. Et le Roi voet q totes gefiales en-querres avant ces heures gantez deinz seignnes queconqes p1 les meschiefe & oppssions q ont este faites au poeple p tieles enquerres, cessent outriement & soient repellez: Et q fins q sont affaire devant Justices, p* fspas fait p ascune psone, soient resonables & justes, eant regard au qntite du Sspas & les causes p* queles eles sont faites.


Item, come la coe se eit pleint des Eschetours, queux p colour de lour office ont seisiz plusours ?res & tene-mentz come forfaites au Roi p* treson srmys en psones mortes, q unqs ne furent atteintes en lour vies; le Roi en ad bon regard: Mes porce qil & ses pgenitours ont este seisiez des forfait^es de guerre de tout temps, le Roi ne se voet ouster de tiel droit, dont il trova sa Corone seisie, & cel

34 Edward IEL

203

droit voet continuer de tieux forfait^es escheues en son temps & en temps son piere, en la mafie come ad este usee; nientmafns de sa g*oe especiale il voet & g*unte q de tieux forfaii^es escheues en temps son ael & tonz ses ggenitc^s pdevant a plnistost qen quest ent §ra reto^e en Chancellerie p Eschetour on autre qi poair ad denquere, q le tenant ne soit pas ouste de sa possession, mes soit gamy p Scire fac destre au Stein jour de respoundre a cel Scire fac sil voudra: Et si nulle tiele forfaifre soit ore, ou §ra seise de cel temps, q la main le Roi ent soit ouste: Issint totes voies qen touz autres cas de forfaifre de treson des psones mortz nient atteintz ne juggez en lo* vies, ne soient pas lo1 heires ne lour Sre tenantz empeschez ne chalengez; ne de nulle autre forfaits forsprises les forfaitJes auncienement ajuggez aps la mort des psones p psentementz en Eyre ou en Baunk le Roi, come des felons de soi & autres.

Item accorde est, q chescun Eschetour

pigne ses enquestes de son office des

bones gentz & loialx, q soient en-

beritez soufficealment & de bone fame,

k de mesme le Countee ou lenquerre

se ferra; & q les enquestes issint prises

soient endentez entre les Eschews &

les jutt&s, et si autrement soit fait q

tieles enquestes soient tenuz p* nulles:

k le Boi voet q tieles enquestes soient

prises en bones villes, o9tement &

nemie en prive. [Rep. as to the qualification of jurora on inquests of escheat, 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. a. 62.J]

Item aoorde est, q on ?res ou tentz soient seisiz en la main le Roi p office deschetor, contenant q le tenant le Boi en fist alienacion sanz conge le Boi, era q le tenant le Boi p 8vice de Ghnraler morust seisi des $res k tentz

his right of such forfeitures fallen in his time, and in the time of his father, in the manner as hath been used:

Nevertheless, of his special grace he Ptoomb will and granteth, that of such for-feitures fallen in the time of his grandfather, and all his progenitors before, as soon as an inquest shall be thereof returned in the Chancery by the esoheators, or other which have power to inquire, that the tenant shall not be put out of his possession, but shall be warned by soire facias, to be at a certain day to answer to [his *] scire facias, if he wills And if any such forfeiture be now, or shall be seised of the same time, that the King's hand shall be out thereof:

So always, that in all other cases of No forfeiture forfeiture for treason of dead persons penonTuot0 not attainted or judged in their lives, to

their heirs, nor their land tenants Forfeiture* of shall not be impeached nor challenged; felon* referred, nor of any other forfeiture, except the forfeitures in old time judged after the death of the persons, by presentment in eyre, or in the King's Bench, as of felons of themselves and other.

Item, it is accorded, that every es- XIII. cheator shall take his inquests of his office of good people and lawful, which inquest* by be sufficiently inherited and of good S^uXnturej fame, and of the same county where privily,

the inquiry shall be; and that the inquests so taken be indented betwixt the escheators and the jurors; and if it be otherwise done, that such inquests be bolden for void: And the King will, that such inquests be taken in good towns openly, and not privily.

[Rep. as to the qualification of jurors on inquests of escheat, 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.]

Item, it is accorded, that where XIV. lands or tenements be seised into the King's hand by office of the escheator, cheator* m» containing that the King's tenant owiacery, *nd made thereof alienation without the ,"*. King's licence, or that the King's tenant by knights service died seised

1 that MS. Tr. 2.

204

.84 Edward III.

A.D. 1860-1.

xv.

Alienations made by the tenants of K. Henry IK. confirmed.

of the lands and tenements aforesaid in his demesne as of fee, and his heir within age; and after the cause certified into the Chancery, and he whose lands be seised come into the Chancery, and will traverse the office, which was first taken by the King's commandment, [and*] that the said lands be not seisable; he shall be thereto received, and the process shall be sent into the King's Bench [to try according to the law,2] and further to do right.

Item, it is accorded, that the alienations of lands and tenements made by people which did hold of King Henry, great grandfather to the King that now is, or of other Kings before him, to hold of themselves, that the alienations shall stand in their force; saving always to our lord the King his prerogative of the time of his grandfather, his father, and of his own time.



1 Omit this word.

2 to be tried MS. Tr. 2.

avantditz en son demesne come de fee, & son heir deinz age, & puis la cause Stifie en la Chauncellerie & cellui qi fees sont seisitz, viegne en Chauncellerie, & voet ta-nverser loffice q fut primes pris p mandement du Roi, q les elites ?res ne soient mie seisables, soit [il a ceo receu, & soit le pees mande en Banc le Roi a trier, & out? faire droit.1]

Item acorde est, q les alienacions des ?res & tefitz faites p gentz q tenoient du Roi Henr, Besael au Roi qore est, ou des autres Rois devant lui, a tenir de eux mesmes, q les alienations estoisent en lour force; sauvant totesfoitz a nre Seignr le Roi sa progative, du temps son ael, son piere, & de son temps demesne.


1 Written on an erasure.

36 EDWARD III. A.D. 1362.

tatutnm tc*m fit p'uamento tnito aptrtr fit j»

qutnbma &c'i MWte anno triasiuno stejrto.

A STATUTE made in the Parliament holden at Westminster;

In the Fifteenth of Saint Michael, in the thirty-sixth year.

{Statute the First.j

mO the honour and pleasure of God, and amendment of the outragious grievances and oppressions done to the people, and in relief of their estate, King Edward at his Parliament holden at Westminster in the fifteenth of St. Michael, the six and thirtieth year of his reign, at the request of his commons by their petition deli-

Ex magno Rot Stat. in Turj\ Loud. m. 8.

A L honour & pleisance de Dieu, & amendement des outrages gre-vances & oppressions faitz au poeple, & en relevement de lour estat, le Roi Edward, a son plement tenuz a West-monstier a la quinzime Seint Michel, lan de son regne trente sisme, a la requeste de sa edmune p lour petidou

205

Min ahii en le dit piement, p assent des Prektz, Does, Coantes, Barons & atn juntas, an dit plement assemblez, ad j-unte p* loi £ ses heirs a touz jons la articles souzescriptz:

Item q en les comissions des Justices de la pees £ des laborers, soft f&ite CTpuae mention q mesmes les Justices freest lour Sessions quaterfoitz p an; cestaamvoir une session deinz les Oetaves de la Tiphaine, la secunde ddnz la secunde simaigne de demy Quaiesme, le tierce entre les festes de Pentecoste £ de Seint Johan Baptistre, le quart deinz les oet jours de Seint MkheL

Item la grevouse pleinte q le Roi ad oie de son poeple, de ses Eschetours k de lour mal port, il voet & ad ofdeigne del assent avantdit, Sres aeisiez en sa mein p cause de garde soient sauvement gardez, sanz wast ou destruction; et q leschetour eit nul fee de bois, venison, de pesson, nautr rien, mes respoigne au Roi des issues £ pfitz annuels pvenantz des ditz Sres, sanz wast' ou destruccion faire, et sil face autreraent & de ce soit atteint, soit reint a la volente le Roi, £ rende al heir les damages au treble, a sa ppre sute sibien deins age come de pleine age, £ eient les amys tantcome il est deinz age la sute pr lui, respoignantz au dit heir de ce q 3ra issint reco9y: auxint des auSs Sres seisiez en la mein le Roi p enqueste doffice, prise devant les Eschetours, tiegne mesme ceste or-deignance £ penance de$s les Eschetours: e sil eit nul h5me q mette chalenge ou claym as Sres issint aeisiez, q leschetour mande lenqueste en la Chancellerie, deinz le mois aps

vered to him in the said Parliament, by assent of the prelates, dukes, earls, barons, and other great men in the said Parliament assembled, hath granted for him and his heirs for ever the articles under-written.

Item, that in the commissions of XU. justices of the peace, and of labourers, Iwriom^ express mention be made, that the of peace^hall same justices make their sessions four * oWeiL times by the year, that is to say, one session within the utas of the Epiphany, the second within the second week of [Lent,1] the third betwixt the feasts of Pentecost and of St John Baptist, the fourth within the eight days of St Michael

Item, for grievous complaint that XIII. the King hath heard by his people of his escheators, and of their evil beha- fee of lands viour; he will and hath ordained of m ward 5 the assent aforesaid, that lands seised into his hands because of ward, shall be safely kept without waste or destruction; and that the escheator have no fee of wood, fish, nor of venison, nor other thing, but shall answer to the King of the issues and profits yearly coming of the said lands, without doing waste or destruction; and nor commit if he do otherwise, and thereof be wm8te' attainted, he shall be ransomed at the Fine, and treble King's will, and yield to the heir the t0

treble damages at his own suit, as well inured, within age, as of full age; and his friends, as long as be is within age, shall have the suit for him, answering to the said heir of that which shall be so recovered: Also of other lands Extended to seised into the King's hands by in- l^eaT^T*by quest of office taken before the es- office* cheators, this ordinance and penance shall hold place against the escheators:

And if there he any man that will Such inquest* make claim or challenge to the lands ^veiiLl in so seised, that the escheator send the Chancery, inquest into the Chancery within the

i Mid-Lent

206

A.D. 1362.

The land may be demised to the tenant until judgment.

Eseheators shall take inquests as directed by the Statute 84 Edw. Ill cfu 18. on penalty of fine and imprisonment

i

36 Edwa&d III. {Storf. 1.J

month after the lands so seised, and that a writ be delivered to him to certify the cause of his seisin into the Chancery, and there he shall be heard without delay to traverse the office, or otherwise to shew his right, and from thence sent before the King to make a final discussion, without attending other commandments: And in case that any come before the chancellor, and shew his right, [by which shewing1] by good evidences of his antient right and good title, the chancellor by his good discretion and advice of counsel, if it seem expedient to him to have counsel, shall let and demise the lands so in debate to the tenant, yielding thereof to the King the value, if it pertain to the King, in the manner as he and the other chancellors before him have done in times past of their good discretion, so that he find surety that he shall do no waste nor destruction, till it be judged: And that the said eseheators take such inquests in the good towns and of good people, and that openly and by indentures to be made between the said eseheators and them of the inquests, as another time was ordained by a statute: And if any escheator do to the contrary of this said ordinance, he shall have two years imprisonment, and moreover he shall be ransomed at the

King's wilL {Rep. as to jurors on inquests of escheat, 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62. J

1 upon suck shewing

les Sires issint seisies, et q brief lui Boit

li9e de Stifier la cause de sa seisine en

Chancellerie, & illeoqes soit oie sanz

delay de tPverser loffice, ou autrement

monstrer son droit, & dilleoqes

mande devant le Hoi, affaire finale

discussion sanz attendre autre mande-

ment: et en cas q ascun veigne devant

le Chancellor & monstre son droit p*

quele demonstrance p bones evidences

de son auncien droit & bon title, q le

Chancellor p sa bone discredon & avis

de conseil, si lui semble qil busoigne

avoir conseil, qil lesse & bailie les fres

issint en debat au tenant, rendant ent

au Roi la value si au Roi apptient, en

ma&e come il & les au?s Chancellers

devans lui ont fait devant ces heures

de leur bone discretion, issint qil face

seurete qil ne fra wast ne destruction

tanq> il soit ajugge: et q les ditz

Eschetours pgnent tieles enquestes en

les bones villes & p bones gentz, & ce

oVtement & p endentures affaires

entre les ditz Eschetours & ces de les

enquestes, come autrefoitz fuist or-

deigne p estatut: et si nul Eschetour

face au contraire de ceste ordeignance

susdite eit la prisone de deux anns

& outre soit reint a la volente le

Roi. {Rep. as to jurors on inquests of escheat, 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.J

37 EDVARD HL AJ>. 1363.

207

n

stator utu 1 tfaftitti; an* mrbt}*

A STATUTE concerning DIET and APPAREL; Of the thirty seventh year.

Ex magma BoL Slot, in Turr. |

Land. m. 6.*

Item, p? les g^ndes meschiefe q sovent sont tvomz, k venent de jour en autre, de ceo qe les Eschetours, Yisconix, k aufe Ministres le Hoi, aeisent les Ires biens & chateux des pluaours gentz, sHnettantz qils sont utlagex la <m Us ue sont utlagez p cause qils portont tielx nouns come oes qi sont utlagez, p* defiuite de bone dedaradon des aftiouns; est ordeigne q si nul se pleyne en tieu cas eit brief de Idemptitate nous, en maSe come ad este usee avant oes hures; et si Ires, biens, ou chateux de nulluy soient seisiz en tieu cas p Eschetours, Vis-cont, on autre Ministre, troeve seurte devant le Mnstre qi ad g*nte de seiser, de respondre au Roi de lavalu des tieux $res, biens, ou chateux, en cas qil ne se poet descharger, saunz rien pndre de la ptie; et si tiel Ministre [ne1] le face, k de ceo soit atteint, eit la ptie sa seute de% tiel ministre, k recovre ses damages au double, k nient meins soit grevousement puniz de9s le BoL

1 Interlined on the idIL

Item, for the great mischiefs which IL often have happened, and daily do come, because that escheators, sheriffs, nommis in and other the King's ministers, do oatl*WTT' seize the lands, goods, and chattels of many, surmising that they be outlawed, where they be not outlawed, because that they bear such names as those which be outlawed, for default of good declaration of the [surname;1] it is The party shall ordained, that if any complain him in tofind Imrety such case, he shall have a writ of thereupon, idemptitate nominis, in the manner as hath been used in times past; and if any man's lands, goods, or chattels be seized in such case by escheator, sheriff, or other minister [of the King's,] he shall find surely before the minister which hath the warrant to seize, to answer to the King of the value of such lands, goods, and chattels, in case that he cannot discharge him, without taking any thing of the party; and if such minister do not the same, and thereof be attainted, the parly shall have the suit against such minister, and recover his double damages, and nevertheless he shall be grievously punished to the King.

1 surnames MS. TV. 2.

This statute is also entered on a Boll, preserved in the Tower of London among the Parliament Bolls, and indorsed, * Ordmariones facte in Parliamento ten to apud

Westm &c- Annor. r. E.tercii xxxvii*> xxxvij"° xxxvij0.".......

208

A.D. 1363-4.

38 EDWARD III. A.D. 1363-4.

Be #rtrirtacoflb'$ fete amto tricetftmo octabo. In mtrgiae

Botofi.

Of The ORDINANCES made in the Thirty-eighth Year.

The several enormities of citations, and of impetrations of benefices obtained from Borne.

Statute the Second.

rno nourish love and peace, and concord between Holy Church and the realm, and to appease and cause to cease the great hurt, perils, and importable losses and grievances that hath been done and happened in times past, and that shall happen hereafter, if the thing from henceforth be suffered to pass, because of personal citations, and other that be past before this time, and commonly doth pass from day to day out of the court of Rome by feigned and false suggestions and propositions (*) against all manner of persons of the realm, upon causes, whose cognisance and final discussing pertaineth tb our lord the King and his royal court; (1 2 *) and also of impetrations and provisions made in the said court of Rome, of benefices and offices of the church, pertaining to the gift, presentation, donation, and disposition of our said lord the King and other lay patrons of his realm, and of churches, chapels, and other benefices appropried to [cathedral churches,8] abbeys, priories, chantries, hospitals, and other poor houses, and of other dignities, offices, and benefices occupied in times past and present by divers and notable persons of the said realm: For the which causes, and the dependants thereof, the good ancient laws, (4) customs, and franchises of the said

1 deceivyng the holy fader MS. Tr. 2.

2 and otherwise, MS. Tr. 2.

8 churches cathedral and collegiate

4 usages,

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 4.

T>UR nurrir amour paix & concorde entre leglise & le roialme & em-pescher &j faire cesser les g*ntz malx pils & importables damages & gre-vances, qont este faitz & avenuz en temps passe &. avendront enaps, si la chose serroit soefferte passer avant, p cause de psoneles citations, & autres qont passez avant ces hures, & passent coement de jo1 en autre, hors de la Courte de Rome p my faintes ou fauses suggestions & pposicions, de-ceivantz le saint Piere encountre tout plein des psones du dit roialme, sr causes dount la cognissance & finable discussion apptient a nre Seignr le Roi, & a sa Courte roiale & autrement & aussi des impetacions & pvisions, faites en meisme la Courte de Rome, des benefices & offices desglise ap-ptenantz a la donation, presentation, ou disposition nre dit f* le Roi, & dautres patrons lais de son Roialme, & des esglises, chapeles, & au?s benefices appropries as eglises cathedrales, collegiales, abbaiees priories chaun-%iees hospitalx, & aufs po9s maisons, & des axiis dignitees offices & benefices, occupez en temps passe & psent p di9ses & notables psones du dit roialme pur les queles causes & dependences dicelles les bones & aun-cienes lois, usages, custumes, & firaun-chises du dit roialme ount estez &

A.D. 1363-4.

38 Edward III. Stat. 2.

209

sount moult g»undement. empeschez, blemiz, & confounduz, la Corone le Roi n?e Seign* abesse, & sa psone moult durement & fausement diffamee, les avoirs & richesses du roialme em-portez, les ftitances & subgiz dicelx enpovriz & troubliz, les benefices des-glises gastez & destruitz, divin Svice, hospitalites, almoignes, & altres oevrs de charitee, entrelessez & souztraitz, les g*untz coes, & subgitz t .du dit roialme Waillez, & en, corps & en biens domagez: Nre dit Seignour le Roi, a son plement tenuz a Wests, en les Oytaves de Seynt Hiller, lan de son regne trente oytisme, eiant regard a la quiete de son poeple, le quel il desire ?sso9aigriement a sustenir en frnquillite pais & repos, & go9nir solonc les lois, usages & fraunchises de sa {re, & sicome tenuz yest p son Sement donez en sa Coronacion; en eide & confort du Pape qi moult sovent a estee trublez p tieles & semblables importuns clamrs & im-petrtions, & qi y meist voluntiers covenable remedie, si sa seyntetee estoit sr ces choses enfo'mee; & passant pmy les voies de ses nobles pgenito's, les queux pr le temps lors courrant firent 8teynes bones p*vei-anoes & ordenaunces, encountre les avantditz grevaunces & pils; les queles ordinances & prveances & aussi toutes les auts faites en son temps, & p especial en lan de son regne xxv. & xxvij Nfe dit fT le Roi de lassente-ment & expose volunte & Concorde des Dues, Contes, Barons, Nobles & coes de son roialme, & de touz al?s

realm have been and be greatly impeached, blemished, and confounded, the crown of our lord the King [abated,1] and his person very hardly and falsly defamed, the treasure and riches of his realm carried away, the inhabitants and subjects of the realm impoverished and troubled, the benefices of the church wasted and destroyed, divine service, hospitalities, alms-deeds, and other works of charity [withdrawn and set apart,2] the great men, commons, and subjects of the realm (8) in body and goods damnified: Our sovereign lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Westminster in the utas of St. Hilary, the thirty-eighth year of his reign; having a regard to the quietness of his people, which he chiefly desireth to sustain in tranquillity [and peace,4] to govern according to the laws, usages, and franchises of his land, as he is bound by his oath made at his coronation, () following the ways of his progenitors, which for their time made certain good ordinances and provisions against the said grievances and perils; which ordinances and provisions, and all the other made in his time, and especially in the twenty-fifth and twenty-seventh year of his reign, our sovereign lord the King, by the assent and express will and concord of the dukes, earls, barons, () and the commons of his realm, and of

1 mynyshed,

8 neglected and withdrawn,

3 travailed, and MS. Tr. 2.

4 peace and rest, and

6 in aid and comfort of the Pope, who hath been oftentimes troubled by such and the like importunate clamours and impetrations, and who would thereto willingly apply a Jit remedy, if his Holiness were informed concerning these matters; and

Of the sentences relating to the Pope, though omitted from Berthelet's edition 1543, and from all subsequent English editions, a translation is given in the English edition printed by Myddle-ton, and also in MS. Tr. 2. but with some inaccuracies.

6 nobles MS. Tr. 2.

I.

o

210

38 Edwabd III. Stat. 2.

A.D. 1363-4

Persons obtaining or purchasing citations or benefices from the court of Borne,

and their abettors,

all other whom these things toucheth, by good and [mete l] deliberation and avisement, hath approved, accepted, and confirmed, saving the estate of the prelates and other lords of the realm, touching the liberty of their bodies, so that by force of this statute their bodies be not taken; joining to the same, hath provided and ordained, that all they which have obtained, purchased, or pursued, such personal citations or other in any times past, or hereafter shall obtain, purchase, or pursue such like, against him or any of his subjects, and also all they that have obtained or shall obtain in the said court, deaneries, archdeaconries, provosties, and other dignities, offices, chappels, or benefices of Holy Church, pertaining to the collation, gift, presentation, or disposition of our said sovereign lord the King, or of other lay patron of his said realm; and also all like persons, obtainers of churches, chappels, offices, or benefices of holy church, pensions or rents amortised and appropried to churches cathedral or collegial, abbies, priories, chanteries, hospitals, or other poor houses, before that such appropriations and amor-tisements be void and adnulled by due process; also all they which have obtained in the same court, dignities, offices, hospitals, and any benefices of churches which be occupied at this present season by reasonable title by any persons of the said realm, if such impetrations be not fully executed, or shall obtain hereafter like benefices, whereby prejudice, damage, or impeachment hath been or may be done hereafter to him or to his said subjects, [in2] persons, heritages, possessions, rights, or [any goods,3] or to the laws, usages, customs, franchises, and liber* ties of his said realm and of his crown; also all their maintenours, [concealers,4]

1 mature 2 or their

3 goods whatever 4 councelers

q la chose touche, p bone & meure delibacion & avisement, a approve, accepte, & conferme; sauf lestat des Prelatz & dal?s iTa du roialme, tou-chant la libtee de lor corps, si q p force de cest estatut lour corps ne soit pais pris; ajoustant a yoelles a prveu & ordene q touz ceux qont impetrez prchacez ou prsuiz tiels psoneles citar cions & auSs en aucun temps passe, ou impetreront prchacerount ouprsuerount semblables en temps avenir, encoun-tre lui ou aucun de ses subgiz, & aussi touz ceux qount impetrez ou impetreront de la dte Cort deanees, arcedeake-nees, gvostes & auSs dignitees, offices, chapelles ou au?s bnfices desglise quel-conqs, appurtenantz a la collacion, donacion, psentacion ou disposicion nre dit Seignr le Hoi ou dautre patron lai de son dit roialme; Et aussi toutes sembleambles psones, impetrors dea-glises, chapelles, offices, benefices desglise, pensions, ou rentes amortiseez & appropriez as Esglises cathedrales ou collegiales, abbaies, Prioriees, chaunSies, hospitalx, ou al?s po9s maisons, avant ceo q tielx appropria-cions & amortissementz soient cassez & anullez p due pees; ensamble touz ceux qount impetrez en meisme la Cort, dignites, offices, hospitalx, ou bnfices quelconqs desglise, q sount occupez au psent, p title raisonable p ascuns psones du dit Roialme, si tiel impet»cion ne soit ja pleinement execute, ou impetreront enaps semble-ables bnfices, p quoi pjudice, damage, ou empeschement a estee, ou puna estre fait enaps, a lui ou a ses ditz subgiz, [ou1] psones, heritages, possessions, droitres ou biens quelconqes, ou a les lois, usages, custumes, foin-chises & libtees de son dit roialme, & de sa corone; ensemble touz leur meintenors, counseillers, abbetta, &

1 en printed, copies

A.D. 1363-4.

38 Edward III. Stat. 2.

211

aufe aidantz & fauteurs scientement, taunt a la suite le Roi come de la ptie, ou dautre quelconq de roialme trovantz plegges & seurete de prsuir contre eux, en ceo caas soient toutes les dites psones, diffames & suspec-tes violenment de tiels impet^ions, pfsuites ou grevances, arestuz & pris p les viscountes des lieux, & Justices en lour sessions deputez, Bailiffs, au?s ministres le Roi; & p bone & suffisaunte maynprise, replevissement, bail ou altre ple§ie, le plus brief q faire se purra, soient ils psentez au Roi ou a son consail, pr y demrer & ester a droit, & recevoir ceo q la lei lour donrra; Et sils soient atteintz ou convaincuz daucunes des dites choses, aient la penance compris en lestatut, fait en lan nre difc Seignor le Roi xxv. q comence, Au plement somons a Westro, &c. JaI Et si aucuns psones diffames ou suspectes des dites impetracions, gsecu-cions, grevances ou entreprises, soient

abettors, and other aiders and fautours wittingly, as well at the suit of the King as of the party, or other whatsoever he be of the realm, finding pledges and surety to pursue against them; in this case all the said persons defamed and violently suspect of such impetrations, pursuits, or grievances [by suspection,1] shall be arrested and shall be taken by the sheriffs of the places and justices in their sessions, deputies, bailiffs, and other the King's ministers;

(*) by good and sufficient mainprise, replevin, bail, or other surety, the shortest that may be, [ands] shall be presented to the King and his council, there to remain and stand to right, to receive what the law will give them; and if they be attainted or convict of and on con-any of the said things, they shall have ^pimish^ the pain comprised in the Statute according to made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of our sovereign lord the King, 8t- 5-ch-22-which beginneth, [Whereas late in the Parliament,4] fee. JaJ

Item, if any person defamed or IL

suspect of the said impetrations, pro-

aecutions, or grievances or enterprises, appearing after

warning, shall

1 Omit these words. 2 and 3 they hicur the

4 At the Parliament summoned at Westminster, of the

__________27 Edw. III.

st. \.ch. 1.

f 25 Edw. 3. Stat. 5. c. 22., to which reference is made in the text, is printed here because omitted from the text as repealed : —

Auxint pr ce q ascuns prchacent a la

Court de Rome pvisions, davoir Abbeies & Priories en Engle?re, en destruccion du Roialme & de seinte religion, acorde est & assentue q chescun q pTchace tides pvisions dabbeie ou de priorie, q lui & ses exe cut ours & pc u rat ours q suent & fount execucion de tieles pvisions, soient hors de la pteccion nre Scignr le Roi; & q home pusse faire de lui come de enemy du Roi et du Roialme; et q celui q face contre tiels pvisours on corps ou bieus ou en au?a possessions, soit excuse de9s touz gentz, & p taut ne soit james greve nempeaehee au seuto do nully.

Item, because that some do purchase xxil. in the court of Rome provisions, to have puSSSring" abbies and priories in England, in de-

struction of the realm, and of holy religion; it is accorded, that every man that purchaseth such provisions of abbies or priories, that he and his executors and procurators, which do sue and make execution of such provisions, shall be out of the King's protection; and that a man may do with them as of enemies of our sovereign- lord the King and his realm; and he that offendeth against such pro-visors in body or in goods, or in other possessions, shall be excused against all people, and shall never be impeached nor grieved for the same at any man's suit.J

o 2

me, for abbies or priories.

212

38 Edward III. Stat. 2.

A.D. 1363-1.

No pardon without consent of the party grieved.

in.

Only offenders specified shall incur any forfeiture under this ordinance.

be out of the realm or within, and may not be attached or arrested in their proper persons, and do not present them before the King or his council, within two months next after that they be thereupon warned in their places, if they have any, (*) in any of the King's courts, or in the counties, or before the King's justices in their sessions, or otherwise sufficiently, to answer to the Bang and to the party, [to stand *] and be at the law in this case before the King and his council, (*) shall be punished by the form and manner comprised in the Statute made in the said seven-and-twentieth year of this King's reign, which beginneth, "Our sove-" reign lord the King by the assent " (4) &c." and otherwise, as to the King and his council shall seem to be done, without any grace, pardon, or remission to be made () by the Bang, without the will and assent of the party, which shall prove him to be grieved, and without making to him due satisfaction in this case.

Item, it is accorded, that none other subject of the said realm, keeping and sustaining these ordinances, shall incur any forfeiture of life and member, of lands, of heritage, nor of goods, against the King, nor none other person, nor lose estate nor favour because of the said things ordained; nor () his heirs may not nor ought not to be reproved, defamed, nor impeached by any of the said causes at any time hereafter. And if any person, of whatsover estate or condition that he be, by any manner, attempt or do any thing against the said ordinances, or any thing comprised in them, the same person shall be brought to answer in the manner as is aforesaid, and if he be thereupon

1 or 1 and there to abide MS. Tr. 2.

they 4 and at the prayer

6 to any of them MS. Tr. 2.

# he nor MS. Tr. 2.

hors du dit roialme, ou dedans & ne purront estre attachez ne arestuz en lour ppres psones, & ne se psentent devant le Roi ou son consail, dedeins deux mois pschein aps ce qils Brount s* ceo gamiz, en lour lieux si aucuns enaient, ou aucuns des Courtz le Roi, ou en les Countees, ou devant les Justices le Roi en lour Sessions, ou augment suffisaument, pr respoundre au Roi & a la ptie, & dernier & estre a la lei en ceo cas devaunt le Boi & son consail, soient puniz p fourroe & rnanere compris en lestatut fait lan xxvijme nre Seignr le Roi, qe comence, Nre Seigno* le Roi de lassent & ala priere &c .: & autrement sicome afaire semblera au Roi & a son consail, saunz faire a aucun deulx p nre dit fr le Roi aucune g*ce, pdonaunce ou remission, saunz la volante & assente-ment de la ptie q se gvera estre greve, & sanz faire a luy due satis&ccion [en ce cas.1]

Item ordeigne est q nul autre subget du dit Roialme, gardant & s us tenant ces Ordinances, nencourge aucune forfaits de vie, de membre, de ?res, heritage, ne de biens, de9s le Roi nautre psone quelconqe, ne ne pde estat ne faveur, p cause de les susditz choses ordenes; ne lui ne ses heirs ne purront ne devrront estre reproves, diffameez, nempescheez, p aucuns des ditz causes en aucune temps ave8. Et si aucune psone de quelconq estat ou condicion qil soit p quelconq, ma8e q ce soit, attempte ou face aucune chose a lencountre des dites ordinances, ou daucune chose comprise en ycelles, soit la dite psone meisne a respounse, en mafie come dessus est dit, & si

1 Interlined on the roll.

A.D. 1363-4.

38 Edwabd III. Stat. 2.

213

elle serra sur oeo attainte on con-vaincue, mise hors la gtection le Roi, & puniz p forme du dit estatut de Ian xxvii

Et si ancune psone face malitiouse-met ou fausement aucun prsuite encountre psone quelconq, du dit roialme, p cause comprise en ces psentea Ordenances, & de ceo soit duement attaint, soit tiel pleintif due* ment puniz a lordenance du Roi ou de son consail, & nientmeyns face gree & lamende a la ptie qe a estee grevee p sa pleinte. Et a fine q lea dites ordenances & chescun dycelles, p7 aise, quiete, & bien comun, soient le meiuz sustenaz executz & gardez, et q touz ceux, q ount mespris ou mespndrount encountre cestes ordenances, p psecu-cions, accusations, denunciations, citations, on pees, faites ou affaire hors du dit roialme ou dedeins, ou augment contre quelconq, psone du roialme, soient le plus covenablement & pmptement meisnez a respons, p7 receyvre droit solonc leur deserte; le Roi, les Prelatz, les Dues, Countes, Barons & Nobles, Coes, dercs & Lais, sont tenuz p ceste psente ordenaunce a aider, conforter & consailler lun a lautre; & taunt sovent q busoigne Ura, & p toutes les meillors ma&es q faire se pourra, de pole & de fait, p7 empescher tieux maffesours, & resister de faite a lour enterprises, & saunz les soeffrer habiter, demorrer, ne passer p lour Seignnes, [puissance,1] Sres, jurisdictions, ne lieux; & sount tenuz de garder & defendre lune a lautre, de tout damage, vilaine, & repves, sicome ils ferroient lour ppres psones, & p7 leur fait & busoigne, & p tiele maSe

attainted or convict, he shall be put out of the King's protection, and punished after the form of the said statute made the said xxvii. year.

Item, if any person maliciously or IV. falsly make any pursuit against any on

person of the said realm, for cause maliciously comprised in these present ordinances, and thereof be duly attainted, such ordinance, plaintiff shall be duly punished at the ordinance of the King and his council; and nevertheless he shall make gree and amends to the party grieved by his pursuit. And to the intent that the said ordinances, and every of the same, for the [ease, quietness, and wealth of the commons,1] be the better sustained, executed, and kept .; and that all those that have offended, or shall offend against these ordinances, by prosecutions, accusations, denunciations, citations, or other process made or to be made out of the said realm or within, or otherwise against any manner of person of the said realm, be the more covenably and speedily brought in answer, to receive right according to their desert; the King, All people the prelates, dukes, earls, barons, nobles, and [other2] commons, clerks, ordinance, and lay-people, be bound by this present ordinance to aid, comfort, and to counsel the one the other; and as often as shall need, and by all the best means that may be made of word and of deed, to impeach such offenders, and resist [their deeds and8] enterprises, and without suffering them to inhabit, abide, or pass [by4] their seignories, [possessions,5] lands, jurisdictions, or places; and be bound to keep and defend the one the other from all damage, villany, and reproof, as they should do their own persons, and for their deed and business, and

1 possessions printed copies.

1 common ease, quietness and good,

Omit thin word, * in deed their

4 through * dominion,

38 Edwakd III. Stat. 2.

A.D. 1363-4.

by such manner, and as far forth, as such prosecutions or process were made or attempted against them in especial, [general,] or in common.

& si avant, come tides psecucions ou pees fuissent faites ou atteintez en-countre eux, en especial ou en commune.

42 EDWARD HI. A.D. 1368.

JHatutu ebttu agutJ OTcStm prune Hie iHatj anno jrltf £

Vex).

A STATUTE made at Westminster on the First Day of May, in the Forty-second year of King EDWARD III,



H* Item, at the request of the com-

mons by their petitions put forth in this Parliament, to eschew the mischiefs and damages done to divers of his commons by false accusers, which oftentimes have made their accusations more for revenge and singular benefit, than for the profit of the King, or of his people, which accused persons, some have been taken, and [sometime1] caused to come before the King's council by writ, and otherwise upon grievous pain against None shall be the law: It is assented and accorded, iritoo°ut^er for the good governance of the com-processoflaw. mons, that no man be put to answer without presentment before justices, or matter of record, or by due process and writ original, according to the old law of the land: And if any thing from henceforth be done to the contrary, it shall be void in the law, and holden for error.

IV. Item, because that commissions

have been made and granted in divers counties, at the procurement of certain persons, to inquire of certain articles, which commissioners have

1 other*

Ex magno Rot Stat in Turr.

Lond. m. 3. * Item a la requests de la coe p leur

peticion mis avant en ce plement, p* ouster meschiefs & damages, faitz as pluseurs de sa dite coe p faux accu-sours, q sovent ont fait leur accuse-mentz plus p* vengeance & singulere pfit q pr gfit du Roi ou de son poeple, queux accusez ont este aucuns pris & autres faitz venir devant le conseil le Roi p brief, & autrement, sr grove peine, & encontre le leye; est assentu & accorde pr le bone go^nement de la coe q nul home soit mis arespondre sanz psentement devant Justices, ou chose de record, ou p due geesse & brief original, solonc launcien leye de la Sre; et si rien desore enavant soit fait al encontre soit voide en leye & tenuz p* errour.

Item porce q comissions ont este faitz & g*ntez en di9s Contees, as gcurementz de Steins gsones, den-quere de Steins articles, queux Comissioners font leur enquerrees

A.D. 1368.

42 Edward III.

210

en places privees, & p gentz nient sufficeantz, & de lenr covyn, plus au gfit de eux q en avantage da Boi oa de son poeple; est assentu & accorde, q desore, en tooz enquerrez deinz le Roialme, soient comissions faites as ascuns des Justices de lun Bank ou de lautre, ou Justices classifies, ou Justices de la pees, ovescjj autres de meulx vauez du paiis, sibien p* gfit du Hoi come de la coe; sauve en loffice deschetour, en chose q touche celle office.

Aussint s' la peticion mis en ple-ment p la coe, suppliant q les enfantz neez pdela deinz les Seign^es de Caleys, Guynes & Gascoigne, & aillours deinz les ?res & Wes q apptiegnent a nfe le Hoi pdela, soient si avant ables & enheritables de leur heritages en Engle?re, come autres enfantz neez deinz le Roialme Dengle?re; est accorde & assentu, q la coe leye & lestatut s' ce point autrefoiz faitz, soient tenuz & gardez.

Item porce q dieses meschiefe sont avenuz, p cause q les panelles des enquestes, qont este prises devant Justices p brief de Scire facias & autres briefs, nont pas este retoumez devant les Sessions des Justices a la Nisi prius & autrement, si q les pties ne parent avoir conissance des nouns des psons q passeront en lenqueste, p quei pluseurs gentz ont este desheri-tees & subduitz; si est ordene q nulle enqueste forspris assises & deli9ances des gaoles, soient prises p brief de Nisi prius ne en autre rnaSe, a suite de nully g»nt ne petit, avant ce q les nouns de touz yceux qi passeront en

made their inquiries in secret places,

and by people not sufficient, and of

their covin, more to their private

profit than for the King's advantage,

or of his people; it is assented and CommisAons

accorded, that from henceforth in all

inquiries within the realm commis- cases be

sions shall be made to some of the

justices of the one bench or of the justices of the

other, or justices of assise, or justices peace*

of the peace, with others of the most

worthy of the country, as well for the

King's profit as the commons: saving

in the office of the escheatorship [or

thing1] that toucheth the same office.

Item, upon the petition put in the x. Parliament by the commons, desiring that infants bom beyond the sea, the old law within the seignories of Calais, () contin,lc* and elsewhere, within the lands and seignories that pertain to our lord the King beyond the sea, be as able and inheritable of their heritage in England, as other infants bom within the realm of England; it is accorded, that the common law, and the statute upon the same point another time made, be holden (4).

Item, forasmuch as divers mischiefs XL have happened, because that the panels of inquests which have been taken before justices by writ of scire facias, and other writs, have not been returned before the sessions of the justices at the nisi prius, and otherwise, so that the parties could not Names of have knowledge of the names of the b^tumed persons which should pass in the previously to inquest, whereby divers of the people have been disherited and oppressed; it is ordained, that no inquest, but assises and deliverances of gaols, be taken by writ of nisi prius, nor in other manner, at the suit of any, great or small, before that the names of all them that shall pass in the

1 in any thing 3 Guinea and Gascony,

3 and assented 4 and kept

21$

42 Edward III.

A.D. 1368.

Panels in assises shall be arrayed four days before the sessions.

Good jurors shall be returned in all panels.

inquests be returned in the court: And that the sheriffs array the panels in assises four days at the least before the sessions of the justices, upon pain of twenty pound, so that the parties may have the view of the panels, if they the same demand. And as to the return or answer of the bailiffs of franchises, they shall make their answer to the sheriff six days before their session upon the same pain. And in all manner of panels arrayed by the sheriffs, or bailiffs within franchise, shall be put the most substantial people, and worthy of credit, and not suspect, which have best knowledge of the truth, and be nearest. JRep. as to so much as directs that panels in assises shall be arrayed four days before the sessions, and what sort of jurors shall be put therein, 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.]

lesenquestes soient retomees en Courte: et q les Viscontes arraient Les panellee en assises quatre jours a meinz devant la Session des Justices, sur peine de vint livres, i saint q les pties peussent avoir la veue des panelles, ails le demandant. Et q*nt a retome ou respons des baillife des franchises, facent leur respons as viscontes p sis jours devant leur Session, sur meisme la peine. Et en toute maSe des panelles arraiez p viscontes ou baillifs deins franchise, soient mis les meulz vauez sufficeantz & dignes de foy & nient suspectz, qont meillour conissance de la 9ite, & pluis

pscheins. JRep. as to so much as directs that panels in assises shall be arrayed four days before the sessions, and what sort of jurors shall be put therein, 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. 8. 62.]

45 EDWARD III. A.D. 1370-1.

JHatutu be anno qttafflragegtmo qttfnto fteg. <&. terrfj.

So

STATUTE of the Forty-fifth Year of King EDWARD III.

IIL Prohibition to ipiritrud courts, in plea for tithe of wood, of twenty yean growth.

Item, at the complaint of the said great men and commons, shewing by their petition, that whereas they sell their great wood of the age of twenty years, (2) or of greater age, to merchants to their own profit, or in aid of the King in his wars; parsons and vicars of Holy Church do implead and [draw *] the said merchants in the spiritual court, for the tithes of the said wood in the name of this word, called sylva cmdua; whereby they cannot sell their woods to the very value, to the great damage of them

1 or forty years 9 molest

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Twrr. Loud.

m. 1.

Km a la pleinte des ditz g*ntz & coes, monstranz p lor peticion q come ils vendent leur gros boys dage de vint anns, [ou quarrante anns,1] ou de greinde age, as Marchantz au pfit de eux mesmes & en eide du Roi en sa guerre, psones & Vikers de Seinte esglise les ditz Marchantz empledent & Waillent en Court cristien p* les dismes du dit boys el noun de ceste parole Silve cedue p quoi ils ne poeient vendre leur boys a 9roie pris, a g*nt

1 Printed copies omit

A.D. 137.0-a

45 Edward III.

217

damage de eux & de Roialme; est ordeine & eetabli q phibicion en cecas eoit g*ntee, & 8r ce attachement, come ad eete avant ces heures.

i t i «

and of the realm; it is ordained and established, that a prohibition in this case shall be granted, and upon the same an attachment, as it hath been used before this time.

tit

. 46 EDWARD III. A.D. 1372.

Ex Rot Pari. 46 Ed. III. m. 1. nu. 13.*

TJTJRCE q Gents de ley q p'suent dieses busoignes en les Courts le Roi p7 singulers psones ove queux ils sont, pcurent & font mettre plusours peticions en plementz en nou des ooes, q rien lour touche mes soulemet les singulers psones ove queux ils sont demorez; Auxint Viscontz q sont coes Ministres au Poeple & deivent demTer sr lo7 Office pur droit faire a checuny, sont nomez & ont este devant ces heures&reto7nez en plementzChivalers des Countees p mesmes les Viscontes; est acorde & assentu en cest plement, q desoxmes nufl hdme de ley p'suant busoignes en la Court le Roi, ne Vis-cont p7 le temps qil est Yiscont soient reto^nez ne acceptez Chivalers des Countees, ne q ces q sont gentz de Ley & Viscontz ore retornez en plement eient gages. Mes voet le Roi, q Chivalers & Sjantz des meulz vaues du paies soient reto'nez desore Chivalers en plementz, & qils soient esluz en plein Countee.

WHEREAS men of the law who " follow divers businesses in the King's courts on behalf of private persons, with whom they are, do procure and cause to be brought into Parliament many petitions in the name of the commons, which in no wise relate to them, but only the private persons with whom they are engaged; also sheriffs who are common officers for the people, and ought to be abiding in their office, for the doing right to every one, are named, and have heretofore been and returned to Parliament knights of the shires, by the same sheriffs; it is accorded and assented in this Parliament, that hereafter no man of the law following business in the King's court, nor any sheriff for the time that he is sheriff be returned nor accepted knights of the shires; nor that they who are men of the law and sheriffs now returned to Parliament have any wages; but the King willeth that knights and serjeants of the most worthy of the county be hereafter returned knights in Parliament; and that they be elected in full county.

Practisixig lawyers and sheriffs shall not be returned to Parliament as knights of the shires.

This ordinance was first printed in the edition of the Statutes published by Cay;

............The instrument printed in the text, is expressly stated on the Parliament

Roll, m. 1. nu. 13, to be an ordinance made in this Parliament; and having been printed by Cay is therefore here reprinted, with a translation thereof.

218

A.D. 1376-7.

50 EDWARD III. A.D. 1376-7.

Be p'tronaco'fo? n gr'fc fe'fc p* fcege Cm'tati rejjm siw' j» anal*; atmo qatnqaaarttmo Beg* €.

Of the PARDONS and GRACES, .

Granted by the King to the Commonalty of his Realm of England; In the Fiftieth Year of King EDWARD, III*

IV. Prohibition shall not be allowed, after consultation granted.



Item, it is ordained and stablished of the said assent, that whereas a consultation is once duly granted upon a prohibition made to the judge of the Holy Church, that the same judge may proceed in the cause by virtue of the same consultation, notwithstanding any other prohibition thereupon to him delivered: Provided always, that the matter in the libel of the said cause be not engrossed, enlarged, or otherwise changed. *

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond.

m. 1.

Item est ordine & establi de lassent

avantdit, q p la ou consultacion est

une foitz duement gauntez, sr ghibicion

faite a Juge de seinte esglise, q mesme

le Juge puisse pcedre en la cause g

9tue de mesme la consultacion^ non

obstante ascun autre phibicion sr ceo

a luy bailie; Purveu toutesfoitz, q la

matire en la libefl du dite cause ne

soit engrassee enlargee ou p autre

ma0e chaungee.



In all printed copies this statute is ascribed to the fiftieth year of this reign; and in the body of the statute it is stated to have passed in that year. But it appears from Rot. Parl. 51 Edio. III. that the Parliament in which this statute was made, was begun to be holden in fifteen days of Saint Hilary, which was the Tuesday next after the conversion of Saint Paul, in the beginning of the fifty-first year of this reign. See also Rot. Pardonationvm 51 Edw. Ill: And further Rot. Stat. Ric. II. m. 25. nu. x. and Rot. Parl. 1 Ric. II. tn. 13. nu. lviij. 99, where this pardon is referred to as granted in the fifty-first year.

( 219 )

STATUTES OF KING RICHARD THE SECOND.

1 RICHARD II. A.D. 1377.

Kotulutf Jftaitit' Be amt oregnt ftegfef ISUc't gcUt prfmo.

ROLL of the STATUTES of the First Year of KING RICHARD, II.

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Loud. II. m. 25.

ICHARD p la g*ce Dieu Roi Dengle?re & de Fraunce, & Seigno1 Dirland, a nfe Yiscont de Midd salua. Sachez qal Honr de Dieu & re9ence de seinte Eglise, pur nurrir paix unite & concorde toutz ptz deinz nfe Roialme Dengle?re, le quele nous desirons moult entierment, del assent des Prelates Dues Contes & Barons de mesme nfe Roialme, al instance & especial request des coes de nfe Roialme avantdit, assemblez a nfe plement tenuz a Westm a la quinszein de Seint Michel lan de nfe regne pri.nl; avons fait ordeigner & establer Steins estatutz en amendement & relievement de mesme nfe roialme en la forme q sensuyt.

Km ordeigne est & establi & le Roi nfe fr defend estroitement, q nul Conseiler Officer ou Uvant nautre ovesq^ lui nascun autre psone du Roialme Dengle?re de quel estate ou condidon qils soient, nenpeignent desire ou susteignent ascun querell p mayntenance en pais ou aillors, sur grevouse peyne; cest assavoir les ditz

ICHARD by the grace of God King of England and of France, and lord of Ireland, to [thex] sheriff of [Northampton,2] greeting. Know thou, that to the honour of God and reverence of Holy Church, for to nourish peace, unity, and concord in all the parts within our realm of England, which we do much desire, by the whole assent of the prelates, dukes, earls, and barons of this our realm, at the instance and especial request of the commons of our realm, assembled at our Parliament holden at Westminster the fifteenth day of St. [Hillary,8] in the first year of our reign, we have (4) ordained and stablished certain statutes in amendment and relief of this our said realm, in manner and form following: *#* Item, it is ordained and stablished, and the King our lord straitly commandeth, that [none of his counsellors, officers, or servants,5] nor any other person within the realm of England, of whatsoever estate or condition they be, shall from henceforth take nor sustain any quarrel by maintenance in the country, nor elsewhere, upon a grievous pain; that is to say, the said

1 our 2 Middlesex,

3 Michael, 4 caused to he

5 non counsaile officer nor fvaunt ne non other with hym, MS. Tr. 2.

IV. Penalties for maintenance.

XL

No sheriff shall be re-elected within three years.

XII.

Warden of the Fleet shall not let at large prisoners in execution.

220

1 Richard II. AJ). 1377.

counsellors and the King's great officers, upon a pain which shall be ordained by the King himself, by the advice of the lords of his realm; and other less officers and servants of the King, as well in the Exchequer, and all his other courts and places, as of his own meiny, upon pain to lose their offices and services, and to be imprisoned, and then to be ransomed at the King's will, every of them according to their degree, estate, and desert; and all other persons through the realm upon pain of imprisonment, and to be ransomed as the other aforesaid.

Item, it is ordained, that none that hath been sheriff of any county by an whole year, shall be within three years next ensuing chosen again, or put in the same office of sheriff; if there be other sufficient in the said county of possessions and goods to answer to the King and his people.

Item, whereas divers people, at the suit of [the party1] commanded to the prison of the Fleet, by judgement given in courts of our lord the King, be oftentimes suffered to go at large by the warden of the prison, sometime by mainprise or by bail, and sometime without any mainprise with a baston of the Fleet, and to go from thence into the country about their merchandises and other their business, and be there long out of prison nights and days, without their assent at whose suit they be judged, and without their gree thereof made, whereby a man cannot come to his right and recovery against such prisoners, to the great mischief and undoing of many people: It is ordained and assented, that from henceforth no warden of the Fleet shall suffer any prisoner there being by judgement at the i

i partie MS. Tr. 2.

Conseillers & g*ntz Officers du Hoi sur peyne q fra ordeigne p le Roi mesmes del avys des frs de Roialme; & les au?s meyndres Officers & 8vantz le Roi, sibien en lescheqer & ea toutes sez autres Courtes & places come de sa ppre meignee, sur peyne de pder lour offices & 8vices & destre emprisonez, & dilloqes estre reintz a la volunte le Roi, chescun de eux solonc sez degre estat & desert; & toutz autres psones pmy le Roialme, sur la dite peyne denprisonement, & destre reintz come les aufs desusditz.

Item ordeigne est q nully qad este 4 Viscont dune conte p un an entier, ne soit deinz les trois anz pscheins ensuantz reesluz ou remys en dite office de Viscont; si y soit autre suffisant en dite Contee des possessions & biens p* respondre a Roi & a poeple.

Item p* ce q di9sez gentz, a suyte xij. de ptie comandez a la pxisone de Flete, p jugement renduz en les Courtes nre dit fr le Roi, sont pluso^ foitz soeffertz aler a large p la gardein de la dite prisone, alefoitz p maynpris ou baiit, & alefoitz sanz ascun maynpris avec une baston de Flete, & senvont en paiis ento* lo* marchan-dise & au?s lor bosoignes, & y sont longement hors du prison noetz & jo's sanz lassent de ceux a qi suyte ils ysont ajugez & sanz lo* gree ent faire; pont home ne poet jamais venir a son droit recover de9s tieux enpri-sonez, a g»nt meschief & anientisse-ment de pluso's gentz: Ordeigne est & assentuz q desormes nul Gardein de la dit prisone de Flete soeffre ascun prisoner illoeqs esteantz p juge-

1 Richard II.

221

ment al suyte de ptie, aler hors du prisone p maynpris baitt ne p baston sanz gree faire as ditz pties de ceo pr quoi ils y estoient ajugez, si ne soifc p brief ou autre mandement du Roi, mr peyne de pdre son office & la garde de dite prisone; & enoutre, si nul tiel Gardein soit desore atteint p due pees qil ava soeffert ou lessetz tiel prison aler a large encontre cest ordeinance, adonqes y eient les plein-tife lo* recover Vs mesmes les Gardeins p brief de debte: et auxint est ordeine q si nully a suyte du ptie ajugez a autre prison p* dette $spas ou autre querell se yoille conustre voluntre-ment & p feynt cause dettor a Roi, & p tant estre ajugez a la dite prisone de Flete p greyno1 [suetel] y avoir de prisone q aillors> & issint delaier la ptie de son recoVer, soit cell re-conissance resceu illeoqs, & sil ne soit autre pt detto1 a Roi de recorde soit son corps tantost remandez a la prisone ou il estoit devant a y dem*rer tan qil ava fait gree a la dite ptie; & cell gree fait soit immediat remandez a Flete, pr y demrer tanqil aVa fait gree a Roi de sa reconissance avant-dite.

Et p* ce vous mandons q toutes les

dites estatutz facez crier & publier & fermement tener p my vre bailly selonc la forme & tenure dicelles & ce ne lessez en ascun maSe. Don p test-raoignance de nfe g*nde seal a Westm le prifl jour de FeVer Ian de nre regne prim.

1 suite Hot. Pari. nu. 107 printed copies.

suif of the party, to go out of prison by mainprise, bail, nor by baston, without making gree to the said parties of that whereof they were judged, unless it be by writ or other commandment of the King, upou pain to lose his office, and the keeping of the said prison; and moreover, if any such warden from henceforth be attainted by due process, that he hath suffered or let such prisoner to go at large against this ordinance, then the plaintiffs shall have their recovery against the same warden by writ of debt: And also it is ordained, that if any at the suit of [the party*] judged to another prison for debt, trespass, or other quarrel, will confess himself voluntarily, and by a feigned cause, debtor to the King, and by that means to be judged to the said prison of the Fleet, there to have greater [sweet2] of prison than elsewhere, and so to delay the party of his recovery, the same recognisance shall be there received, and if he be not (*) debtor to the King of record, his body shall incontinently be remanded to the prison where he was before, there to remain till he hath made gree to the said party; and the same gree made, he shall be immediately sent again to the Fleet, there to abide, till he hath made gree to the King of his recognisance aforesaid.



And therefore we command, that thou cause all the said statutes to be cried and published, and firmly kept through thy bailiwick, according to the form and tenour thereof) and that do not omit in any wise. Given under the witness of our great seal the first day of February, in the first year of our reign.

1 partie MS. Tr. 2.

2 liberty 3 otherwise

Punishment, by loss of office.

Action of debt at the suit of the plaintiff.

Penalty for confessing a debt to the King, to delay another's execution.

2 RICHARD II. A.D. 1378, 1379.

222

A.D. 1378.

B' aptrti eiouc' mip' etiitn trrottilato atrno

tfc'tio.

Of the STATUTE late made at GLOUCESTER, enrolled; In the Second Year.

Statute the First.

Ex Rot Stat. in Turr. Land. II. 7to. 24.

V. Item, of devisors of false news, and

fo^CtdSg dan- O of horrible and false lyes, of pre-deroualyesof lates, dukes, earls, barons, and other nobles and great men of the realm, and also of the chancellor, treasurer, clerk of the privy seal, steward of the King's house, justices of the one bench or of the other, and of other great officers of the realm, of things which by the said prelates, lords, nobles and officers aforesaid, were never spoken, done, nor thought, in great slander of the said prelates, lords, nobles, and officers, whereby debates and discords might arise betwixt the said lords, or between the lords and the commons, which God forbid, and whereof great peril and mischief might come to all the realm, and quick subversion and destruction of the said realm, if due remedy be not provided: It is straitly defended upon grievous pain, for to eschew the said damages and perils, that from henceforth none be so hardy to devise, speak, or to tell any false news, lyes, or such other false things, of prelates, lords, and of other aforesaid, whereof discord or any slander might rise within the same realm; and he that doth the same shall incur and have the pain another time ordained thereof by the Statute of Westminster

1 reporters

Item de Contrevours de faux novels & Countours des horribles & fauxes mensonges des Prelatz Dues Countes Barons & au?s nobles & g*ntz de Roialme, et auxint del Chaunceller Tresorer Clerc de Privie Seal Seneschal del Hostiel nre & le Roi Justices del un Bank & del au? & daufs g*ntz Offic?s du Roialme des choses q p les ditz Prelatz £% & OffiSs ne forent unqes plez touchez ou pensez en g*nt esclaundre des Prelatz &b Nobles & Offi8s avantditz pont debatz & des-cordes prroient sourdre pentre les ditz f*s ou pentre les frs & Coes q Dieu ne veulle & dont g*nt pil & meschief purroit avenir a tout le roialme & legement sub^sion & destruocion del roialme avantdit, si due remede ny fuisse mys; est defenduz estroitement & & grief peine p7 eschuer les damages & pils avantditz, q desore nul soit si hardi de controver dire ou counter ascune fauxe novelle mensonge ou auY tiel fauxe chose des Prelatz frs & les au?s desus ditz dont descorde ou esclaundre aucune puisse sourdre deinz mesme le roialme; et qi le fra eit & encourge la paine autre foitz ent ordenez p estatut de Westm primer q

In mMTpne BotolL

2 Richard II. Stat. 1.

223

yoet qil soit pris & emprisonez jeqes a taut qil eit trovez celluy dont la pole Sra moevez.


the First, which will, that he betaken and imprisoned till he have found him [of whom the word was moved.1]

i which was the first author of the tale. See Stat. Wettm. 1, 3 Echo. I. cap. 34.

3 RICHARD II. A.D. 1379-80.

B* statute aptto TOfgtm t'rio ditto irrotulato.

Op the STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER, in the Third Year;

Inrolled.

Ex Rot Stat. in Turn. 'Loud. II. m. 23.

rT E ROI as Viscontes de Londres, L salutz. Sachez q a nre darrein plement tenuz a Westm1] del assent des Ps & au?s en dit plement [avons2] fait faire Steins estatutz & ordeinances en la fourme q sensuit.


Item prce q le Roi nre iT ad entenduz eibien p les pleintes de sez foialx liges & p le clamour de son poeple p lours dieses peticions ent baillez avant en dieses plementz devant ceste heure come autrement p la notoritee de la chose & expience de fait coment les esglises Cathedralx Collegialx Abbeies Priories & au?s bnfices de son Roialme, q furent jadis founduz & richement dowez p sez nobles pgenitours en les quelles di9ses dignites offices peonies Chanonies pbendes & auts bnfices estoient solempnement & devoutement ordeinez & establiz, del assent des ditz pgenitours le Roi & dau?s lours nobles

1 Au Parlement tenus a Westm le lundy pscheyn af)s le fest de Seint Hiller, lan de s reigne nre I. le Roy Richard le sede af)s le conquest, tierce, printed copies.

1 nfe dit t* ad printed copies.

T the Parliament holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the feast of St. Hillary, the third year of Ring Richard the Second,1] of the assent of the lords and other in the said Parliament, [our said lord hath8] caused to be made certain statutes and ordinances in the form following. Item, because that our lord the King hath perceived, as well by the complaints of his faithful liege people, [and by their clamour by8] divers petitions thereof delivered in divers Parliaments before this time, as otherwise by the perfect knowledge and experience of the deed, how the churches cathedral and collegial, abbeys and priories and other benefices of his realm, which were late founden, and richly endowed by his noble progenitors, in which divers dignities, offices, parsonages, chanonries, prebends, and other benefices, were solemnly and devoutly ordained and established of the assent of the fore-said progenitors of the King, and of

1 The King to (he sheriffs of London, greeting. Know ye, that at our last Parliament holden at Westminster, * We have

and by the clamour of his people, by their

3 Richard JL

A.D. 1379-801

Causes why advowsons of benefices were given to spiritual persons.

Inconveniences of giving benefices to aliens.

Former statutes not effectual.

other their noble founders, which did give to the said pastors of the same churches, abbeys; priories, and of other great places, the advowsons of the same benefices, to the intent that the same benefices should be given to honest and meet persons of the realm,. to serve and honour God diligently, ^ and also to keep hospitality, and to inform and teach the people, and to do other worthy things pertaining to the cure of souls, after the estate and quality of the said benefices: And so was it done in all times past after the foundation of the same, till now of late, -that by the informations, instigations* and procurements of some of the King's liege people, the same benefices have been given, against the will of the founders, to divers people* of another language, and of strange lands and nations, and sometime to the utter enemies of the King and of his realm, which never made residence in the same, nor cannot, may not, nor will not in such wise bear and perform the charges of the same benefices, as in hearing confessions, preaching, nor teaching the people, keeping hospitality, nor accomplishing the other things necessary to the governance of the same benefices; but only thereof [havex] and take the emoluments and temporal profits, not having regard to the spiritual cure, nor to other charges to the same benefices pertaining or belonging; but manifestly suffer the noble buildings in old times there made, when the same benefices were occupied by Englishmen, wholly to fall to decay, whereby the divine service is greatly minished, the cure of souls neglected and left, the clergy enfeebled, the treasure of the said realm carried to the hands of aliens, and all the estate of Holy Church brought to less reverence than before it was wont to be; and though that 1

1 atck

fondours qi donerent as pastours de mesmes les Esglises Abbeifr Priories & dau?s g*ntz lieux avantditz ladvoue-sons de mesmes les bnfices, al entente q ineSmes les bnfices Sroient donez as paanez hoiiestes & covenables du dit Roialme pr Dieu Dvir & honrer pluis dfligealtnent & auxint pur lospitalitee tenfr,3& pr enformer & enseigner le poeple, & faire les auYs nobles choses appt$nant£ a la cure des almes selonc. lestat qualitee des ditz bnfices; & ensi estoit fait de tout temps passe puis la fundaciqn dycelle tanq, a un poie de^teipps pa^e, q pmy les informations instigacions & gcurement dascuns des liges; nre dit f* le Roi mesmes wles bnfices aient este donez, encontre la volente des foundours as plusors di9ses psones: dautri lange & destranges Yres & nacionfe*& a la foitz as vrais enemys du Roi & de son Roialme les queux ne fesoient unqes residence en ycelles, ne ne scievent ne poient ne veullient nullement porter ne faire les charges des ditz bnfices, come en oier les confessions pscher ne enseigner le pople, hospitalitee tenir ne accomplir les auYs choses neces-saires au go9nement de mesmes les bnfices; mais soulement ent querent & preignent les emolumentz & tem-poreles <gfitz nient eiantz regard a la cure espiritele ne as au?s charges de mesmes les bnfices apptenantz ou in-cumbentz; einz soeffrent notoirement les nobles Edifices auncienement fait illeoqes quant mesmes les bnfices estoient occupiez p les Engleis de tout cheier a ruyne; pont le divin Svice est Ysgantment diminue la cure des almes negligee & lesse & le Clerge enfebHZj le tresor du dit Roialme emportez as meins des Aliens & tout lestate de seint eglise mesnez a meyndre re9ence q devant ue soleit estre; et coment q

3 Richard II.

225

en temps le dit Aiel Steins ordinances estatntz & composicions y feussent faitz & affermez pr ouster de tout ou a meins pr restreindre les ditz meschiefe en f1) ptie; Nientmeins les ditz Aliens, nient eiantz regard* a cella ne se ab-stiegnent mye de pndre & receivre tieux fcnfices deinz le dit Roiakne; einz p my le confort eide & g*nt secour qils ont des liges nre dit #r le 'Roi.qi sont lour Fenners Procuratours & at-tomes en ycelle ptie, en chescun ptie del dit Roiame, safforcent de jor en autre pluis [& pluis8] de accepter & avoir les greindres dfgnites & ftnfices deinz le Roialme avantdce & p di9se [--] mafie molt pjudiciele a mesme le Roialme si ceo> fiiist soefferte pont les ditz meschiefs encrescent de jour en autre moltz out^geousment & pluis encrescerent si due remede ne soit p^veuz les 'pluis en haste: Nre fr le Roi. p ladvis & c5e assent de touz les fts temporels esteantz en ce piement ad ordeinez & establiz, q nul home des liges le Roi nautre psone quelconq, de quel estat ou condicion qil soit ne pigne ne receive deinz le RoiaUne dengleSre pcuracie Ire dattxFne ne ferme nautre administracion p en-denture ne en autre maSe quelconq, de nul psone du monde dascun ftnfice deinz le dit Roialme forsq, tantsoule-ment des liges de nre fT le Roi de mesme le Roialme, sanz especial (4) & expsse congie de nre dit £ le Roi p ladvis de son conseil; et si ascuns de-vant cest heure eient acceptez dascuns aliens tielx pcuracies fermes ou administracion, qils les lessent oultre-ment deinz xl. jours aps la publicacion de ceste ordinance; & q nul des ditz

1 ceBe printed copies.

1 Interlined on the roll.

5 An erasure on the roll. — cautelose printed copies.

4 grace printed copies.

in the time of the said grandfather certain ordinances, statutes, and compositions were made and affirmed, wholly to put out, or at least to restrain the said mischiefs in this behalf; nevertheless the said aliens, not having regard to the same, do not refrain to take and receive such benefices

i

within the said realm; but by the comfort, aid, and great succour which they have had of the King's liege people, that be their fermors, procurators, and attumies in this behalf [andl] in every part of the said realm, do enforce themselves from day to day more and more [to accept8] the greatest dignities and benefices .within the said realm, and by di vers cautelous manners, much, prejudicial to the same realm if that were suffered, .whereby the said mischiefs do daily (8) increase, and much more will increase, if due remedy be not the sooner provided:

Our lord the'King, by the advice and None shall common assent of all the lords tern- beneficL poral being in this Parliament, hath jJ^g^0*for ordained and established, that none shall send of the King's liege people, nor other ^tn^g^c^iell, person, of whatsoever estate or con- benefices by dition that he be, shall not take nor wu{cxc^"ge

. , _ . ' , _ or otherwise;

receive within the same realm of without the

England, procuracy, letter of atturney, Killg,8 ^<xnce-

nor ferm, nor other administration by

indenture, nor in any other manner

whatsoever, of any person of the

world, of any benefice within the said

realm, but only of the King's liege

people of the same realm, without the

special grace and express licence of

our lord the King, by the advice of

his council; and if any before this

time have accepted of any aliens such

procuracies, ferms, or administration,

that they shall utterly leave them

within forty days after publication of

this ordinance; and that none of the

1 they

2 to take and have MS. Tr. 2.

I 1 2 3 right outrageously MS. Tr. 2.

P

226

3 Richard II.

AJX 1379-80.

said liege people, nor other that may be found in the said realm, shall convey by virtue of such procuracy, ferm, or administration, gold, silver, nor other treasure nor commodity out of the said realm, by letter of exchange, by merchandise, nor in other manner, to the profit of the said aliens, without like licence of the King by the advice of his said council; and if any do the contrary, in any point contained in this ordinance, he shall incur the pain and punishment contained in the Statute of Provisors, made in the time of the King's grandfather, the seven and twentieth year of his reign, by the same process comprised in the said statute, and by warning to be made to them in their benefices, or other their possessions Process against within the realm; and if they be out of the^im^ of the said realm, and [not beneficed, not having possession1] within the ayear' same realm, where they may be warned,

then a writ shall be made in the Chancery grounded upon this ordinance to the sheriff of London, or to the sheriff of the county in which they were or shall be born, at the King's suit, returnable in the one bench or the other; by which writ it shall be commanded, that proclamation be made openly, that they appear before the justices in the bench where the writ is returnable at a certain day comprised in the same writ, containing the space of half a year, to answer upon the matters comprised in the same writ; and after this writ returned, the justices shall proceed against them according to the form No bishop, &c. above ordained. And it is [assented *] sequestration, ^ by the King in the same Parliament, ky the assent aforesaid, that no bishop, aliens. nor other person of Holy Church

through the realm, shall meddle by way of sequestration, nor in any

1 have not benefices nor possessions

2 forbidden

under the penalties of Statute *7 Edw. m. stat 1. cap. 1.

liges, nautre q purra estre trovez en dit Roialme nenvoie p 9tue de tiele gcuracie ferine ou administration ore argent nautre tresor ne cdmodite, hors du dit Roialme p Ire deschange p nlchandie nen autre ma8e quelconq, au gfit des ditz Aliens sanz semblable congie du Roi p lad vis de son dit conseil. Et si ascun face le contaire en ascun point contenuz en cest ordinance encourge la peine & punisse-ment contenuz en lestatut des gvisours fait en temps le dit Aiel lan de son regne xxvijme p mesme le pees compris en dit estatut & p gamissement, affaire a eux en lours fcnfices ou au?s lour possessions deinz le Roialme; et sils soient pdehors le dit Roialme & naient fcnfices ne possessions deinz mesme le Roialme, ou ils purront estre gamiz, adonqes soit brief fait en la Chan-cellarie, fondez sur ceste ordinance as viscontz de Londres ou al viscont del Contee en quel ils furent ou §ront neez a la suite le Roi reto^ble en lun Bank ou en lautre; p quel brief soit comande pclamacion estre faite o9tement qils soient devant les Justices en le Bank ou le brief est reto'nable a Stein jour compris en mesme le brief contenant lespace de demy an p* respondre sr les matires compris en le dit brief & cel brief reto*nez, delors pcedent les Justices en9s eux selonc la fourme desns ordeine. Et est defenduz dep le Roi en dit plement del assent avantdit q nul Evesq nautre psone de seinte Esglise pmy le roialme ne se medle p voie de sequestration nen autre mafie

3 Richard II.

227

quelconq> des frutz de tieux fonfices donez ou adonis as ditz aliens au gfit de mesmes les aliens sr le pil qappent.

Et p* ce vous mandons q les ditz estatatz facez duement pclamer & publier es lieux notables deinz vre baillie & les fermement tenir & garder selonc la fourine dicelles. Don p tes-moignance de nre g*nt seal a Westm le xij. jour de Marz lan de nre regne tierce.

other manner, with the fruits of such benefices given or to be given to the said aliens, to the profit of the same aliens, upon the peril that belongeth. [Dated, &a]

And therefore we command you, that the said statutes you do cause to be proclaimed and published in the notable places within your bailiwick, and the same to be firmly kept and observed according to the form thereof. Given under the witness of our great seal at Westminster the twelfth day of March in the third year of our reign.

5 RICHARD II. A.D. 1381, & 1382.

tyygme J&tatwtti t Mrinaro'ctf etitt' aypufc Wtdtm

anno qtnnto.

STATUTE AND ORDINANCES made at WESTMINSTER; In the Fifth Teak.

*ij.

Ex Rot Stat. in Turr. Lond. II.

m. 22, 21.



Et auxint le Roi defende q nully desore face entree en aucunes Sres & tenz sinoun en cas ou entree est done p la loy, & en cell cas nemye a forte main ne a multitude des gentz, einz tantsoulement en [lisible & aisee1] maSe, et si nully desore face a con-traire & ent soit convict duement soit puniz p emprisonement de son corps & dilloeqs reint a la voluntee le Roy.

r lisible aisee & peisible Rot. Part nu.ll.

L peasible & aisee printed copies.

Statute the First.



And also the King defendeth, that none from henceforth make any entry into any lands and tenements, but in case where entry is given by the law; and in such case not with strong hand, nor with multitude of people, but only in [peaceableand easy manner. And if any man from henceforth do to the contrary, and thereof be duly convict, he shall be punished by imprisonment of his body, and thereof ransomed at the King's will.

1 lawful


vn.

Forcible entries forbidden.

228

5 Richard IL

A.D. 1382.

IV. Every one shall obey his summons to Parliament

Penalty on sheriff omit* ting returns of writs to Parliament.

rbtnaco'etf "t Cottcorbte Vet tit p'liammtojento aptrt Hfcgtm m C*atmo st*eian porta lattna 3" qurnto.

ORDINANCES and AGREEMENTS Made in the Parliament holden at Westminster, on the Morrow of Saint John Port-Latin; In the Fifth Year.

Statute the Second.

Ex Rot. Stat. mi Tun'. Land. II. m. 21.

Item, the King doth will and command, and it is assented in the Parliament by the prelates, lords, and commons, that all and singular persons and commonalties which from henceforth shall have the summons of the Parliament, shall come from henceforth to the Parliaments, in the manner as they are bound to do, and [have*] been accustomed within the realm of England of old times. And if any person of the same realm, which from henceforth shall have the said summons, be he archbishop, bishop, abbot, prior, duke, earl, baron, banneret, knight of the shire, citizen of city, burgess of borough, or other singular person or commonalty, do absent himself, and come not at the said summons, except he may reasonably and honestly excuse him to our lord the King, he shall be amerced, and otherwise punished, according as of old times hath been used to be done within the said realm in the said case. And if any sheriff of the realm be from henceforth negligent in making his returns of writs of the Parliament, or that he leave out of the said returns any cities or boroughs which be bound, and of old time were wont to come to

1 hath

Item voet le Hoi & comande & est it. assentu en plement, p les platz fa & coes q toutes singuleres psones & Coialtes qa9ont desore la somonce de plement viegnent de cy en avant [as plementz1] p mafie come ils sont tenuz de faire & a efte accustumez deinz le roialme Denglefre dauncienete.

Et quelconq, psone de mesme le roialme qa9a desore la dite somonce, soit il Ercevesq*, Evesq, Abbe, Priour,

Due, Cont, Baron, Baneret Chivaler de Contee Citezein de Cite Burgeis de Burgh, ou autre singulere psone ou coialtee quelconq^ soi absente on ne veigne mye a la dite somonce, ail ne se purra resonablement & honeste-ment ent excuser de9s le Roi nre fr, soit afleiez & autrement puniz selonc ce q ancienement a este usez deinz le Roialme avantdit en dit cas. Et si ascun Yiscont du roialme soit desore necligent, en feisant ses retc^nes des briefs du plement ou qil face entre-lesser hors des ditz reto'nes aucunes Citees ou Burghs queux sont tenuz & dauncien temps soloient venir a

1 Interlined on the roll.

5 Richard II. StaL 2.

329

plement soit ptmiz en maSe qesioit acustumez destre fait en le cas dauncienetee.

the Parliament, he shall be [ameroed or otherwise1] punished in the manner as was accustomed to be done in the said case in times past.

# * a *

1 Old translations omit these words.

6 RICHARD II. A.D. 1382 & 1382-3.

etritum aptffl TOeatm amto jssrjrto.

STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER in the Sixth Year.

Ex Mot. StcU. in Turr. Lond. II.

m. 20.

Statute the First.


Item ut bria de debito & compoto

aliisq, h2i accoib3 quecumq, deceto capiantr in Com & dirigant* Vice-comitibj Com ubi contractus accionu ea> dem emser i n t; ordinatu est & concordat!] m qd si deceto in plitis sup bribj ill is narratu f3it contractum inde fore fcm in alio Com q«m in bfi njpoali con tinet* qd tunc incontinenti Me illnd penitus asset*.

Item, to the intent that writs of n. debt and accompt, and all other such actions, be from henceforth taken in Mcorni shall their counties, and directed to the SJr pr^r'0 sheriffs of the counties where the eomniw. contracts of the same actions did rise; it is ordained and accorded, that if from henceforth in pleas upon the same writs it shall be declared, that the contract thereof was made in another county than is contained in the original writ, that then incontinently the same writ shall be utterly abated.

7 RICHARD II. A.D. 1383.

230

AJ>. 1383.

m.

For trespasses within the forest, juries shall give their verdict where they received their charge.

IV. Penalty on undue imprisonment by the officers of the forest;

tatutu apttb ftmto tftpttmo tbftu.

STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER in the Seventh Yeah.

Ex Rot Stat. in Turr. Lond. II. m. 19,18.

Inmsrgiae BotoE.

TT> ICHARD by the grace of God, &c. to the sheriff of York,1] greeting. Know thou, that at our Parliament holden at Westminster the Monday next before the feast of All Saints last past, to the honour of God and of Holy Church, and for the common profit of the realm, of the assent of the prelates, lords, and commons being at the said Parliament, we have caused to be made certain statutes and ordinances in the form following:

« # « Item, at the grievous complaint which is now made of the officers of the forest, it is assented and accorded, that no manner of jury shall be from henceforth compelled by any officer of the forest, or other person whatsoever, to travel from place to place out of the places where their charge is given to them, against their gree ; nor by malice, nor by menace, or other duress, constrained to give their verdict of a trespass done in the forest, otherwise than their conscience will clearly inform them; but they shall give their verdicts upon their charge in the places where their charge is given them, as above is said:

Item, it is assented, that no man be taken nor imprisoned by any officer of the forest without due indictment, or being taken with the maner, or trespassing in the forest; nor shall be constrained to make any obligation or ransom to any officer of the forest in any sort against their

1 The King to our sheriff of Kent. I

PX E KOI a nfe Viscount de Kent,1] L saluz. Sachez qa nfe plement tenuz a Westm le Lundy gchein devant le feste des Toutz Seintz darrein passe al honor de Dieu & de Seinte Esglise & pr coe pfit du roialme de lassent des Prelatz frs & Coes esteantz el dit plement avons fait faire Steins estatutz & ordinances en la forme q sensuit:

* Item a la grevouse pleinte qest ore faite des Ministres de la Foreste, est assentuz & accordez q nulle ma8e de jurree soit desore artez p ascun Ministre de la Foreste nautre psone quelconq de tPvailler de lieu en lieu, hors des lieux ou leur charge lour est donez, contre leur gree, ne p malice ou p manace ou autre duretee con-streinte de dire lo* veredit, de trespas fait en foreste auSment q leur conscience ne leur ent vorra derement enfourmer, einz dient ils lours vereditz sur leur charge, es lieux ou celle charge lour est donez come desus est dit: et est assentuz q nufi home soit pris nenprisonez p Ministre de Foreste sanz due enditement ou mainoevre, ou Sspassant en la Foreste, ne con-streint de faire obligation ou redemption a ascun Ministre du Foreste p qconq mafie encontre lo1* gree &

1 Richard, &c. a Visconte De9wyk, old printed copies.

I*

iuj.

j

7 Richard IL

231

lassise de forest©; et si aacun face encontre cest ordinance en aucun point, & de ce soit atteint, paie as pties endamagez lo*s doubles damages, & fyn & raunceon au Roi pur son maleiait.

Item come nadgairs en plement tenuz a Westm lan du regne nre le Roi tierce, a la request© des Coes & p assent des lrs temporels, estoit ordeignez & assentuz & sur grevouse peyne defunduz q nufl liege le Roi nautre psone quelconq de quel estat ou condicion qil fuist, pndroit ne rescei9oit delors enavant deinz le Roialme Dengle?re pcuracie, Ire dat-to^ne, ne ferme, nautre administration p endenture nen autre ma9e quelconq, de nulle psone dascun benefice de Seinte Esglise deinz le dit Roialme fors tantsoulement des lieges nre fr le Roi de mesme le Roialme sanz es-pedale g*ce & expsse congie de nre (r le Roi sur Steine peine comprise en lestatut avantdit, assentuz est ore & accordez p mesmes les lrs q mesme lestatut tiegne ses force m& 9tue en toutz pointz; et outre ceo est auxint assentuz q si ascun alien eit purehacez ou desore purchaoe ascun benefice de Seinte Esglise Dignite ou autre & en ppre psone pigne possession dicelle ou loccupie de feit, deinz mesme le Roialme^ soit il a son oeps ppre, ou al oeps dautri sanz espeeiale congie du Roi, soit il compris en mesme lestatut, & outre ceo enoourge en toutz pointz tielx peines & forfeiture come sont ordeignez p un autre estatut feit en lan xxv« del regne lay noble Roi E. aiel nre f* le Roi qore est, contre

agreement an d theassise of the forest; and if any do against this ordinance in any point, and thereof be attainted, he shall pay to the party damnified their double damages, and fine and ransom to the King for his offence. «*« Item, whereas late in the Parliament holden at Westminster, the third year of the reign of our said lord the King, at the request of the commons, and by the assent of the lords temporal, it was ordained and assented, and upon a grievous pain prohibited, that no subject of the King nor other person, of what estate or condition he were, should take, neither receive from thenceforth, within the realm of England, procuracy, letter of attorney, ne ferm, nor any other administration by indenture, or in any other manner, of any person concerning any benefice of Holy Church within the realm, but only of the King's subjects of the same realm, without the especial grace and express licence of our said lord the King, upon a certain pain contained in the said statute; it is assented and agreed by the same lords, that the same statute shall keep his force and effect in all points; and moreover it is assented, that if any alien have purchased, or from henceforth shall purchase any benefice of Holy Church, dignity, or other thing, and in his proper person take possession of the same, or occupy it himself within the realm, whether it be to his own proper use, or to the use of another, without especial licence of the King, he shall be comprised within the same statute; and moreover shall incur all pains and forfeitures in all points as is before ordained by another statute made the five and twentieth year of the noble King Edward the Third, grandfather to our lord the King that now

Double damages and

fine to the King.

TIT-Stat 3 Rio. II. o. 8. recited;

confirmed and extended to tlipiy holding beneficee in England; who shall also be liable to the penalties of 25 Edw. HL st 5. c. 22.

7 Richard II,

A.D. 1383.

Hie King's licences to the contrary shall not be asked for.

XIV.

For enabling parties oat of the realm to appoint attor-nies in writs of premnnire.

is, against them that purchase provisions of abbeys or priories; }a} and to the intent that such licences shall not be from henceforth made, the King willeth and commandeth to all his subjects and other, that they shall abstain them from henceforth to pray him for any such licence to be given; and also the King himself will refrain to give any such licence during the wars, except to the Cardinal of Naples, or to some other special person to whom the King is beholden for a special cause.

# # # Item, in writs of praemunire facias, it is assented and agreed, that they against whom such writs be sued, and who at this time be out of the realm, and be of good fame, and have made their general attumies before their departing, that the chancellor of England for the time being, by the advice of the justices, may grant, that the same persons may appear to answer, to do, and to receive that thing which the law demandeth, by their general attumies aforesaid, as well as in other causes and quarrels; and those persons which from henceforth shall pass by the King's licence, and be of good fame, that at their request the chancellor, by the advice of the justices, may grant to them to make their general attumies in the Chancery by the King's patent, before their passage, to answer as well in the said writs of praemunire facias, as in other writs and plaints; in which case express mention shall be made at all times of the writs and plaints of praemunire facias; and this patent so made, the said attumies from henceforth, in absence of their masters, may answer [for them, and make1] other attumies under them,

1 by themselves and

ceux qi purchacent pvisions dabbeies ou Priories; pj et enoutre au fyn q tielx licences ne se facent desore enavant, le Roi voet & comande a toutz ses lieges & autres qils lour abstiegnent de cy enavant de luy prier dascuns tiels licences doner; et si voet auxi le Roi luy mesmes ab-stiegner de doner ascune tiele licence, durantes les guerres horspris au Cardinal de Naples ou a autre especiale psone a qi le Roi soit p especiale cause tenuz.

Item es briefs de pmunire fac est assentuz & accordez q ceux 9s queux tielx briefs sont portez, & qi sont de psent hors de Roialme & sont de bone fame & aient faitz lo* gefialx attomes devant lo* deptir, q le Chaunceller [Denglebre1] pur le temps esteant, p lad vis des Justices purra g*ntier q mesmes les psones purront apparoir & respondre & faire & resceivre ce q la ley demande, p lo* gefialx attonies avantdiz siavant come es autres cas & quereles; et ceux psones qi decy enavant passeront p licence nre fT le Roi & soient auxint de bone fame, q a lor requeste le dit Chaunceller p ladvis des Justices lour purra g*ntier defaire lor gefialx atto^ies en la Chan-cellerie p patent du Roi devant lo* passer, [a respondre8] sibn es ditz briefe de pmunire fac, come en auts quereles en quel cas toutes voies soit expsse mencion [faite8] des briefs & quereles de pmunire fac; et celle patente ensi faite, purront des lors lea dits atto*nes en absence de lo1 Meistres, respondre p eux & au& atto'nes de

138 Interlined on the roll.

I. 25 Edw. 3. Stat. 5. c. 22., to which reference is made in the text, is printed in a foot note to 38 Edw. 3. Stat. 2 c, 1., ante p. 21].}

AJ>. 1383.

7 Richabd II.

souz eux, devant quelconq, jnge da Roialme & faire & resoeivre el dit cas, siav&nt come en nuft autre cas nient-contresteant ascun estatut fait a contone avant oes heures.

Item sur la grevouse pleinte qest faite des meyntenors des quereles & chaumpto7©; eat ordeignez & assentuz q lestatutz ent faitz en les ans du regne le Roi Edward aiel nfe dit #r le Roi primer & quart, et auxint en lan de nfe f* le Roi qore est primer, soient tenuz & gardez & duement executz en toutz pointz.

Et puree vous mandons q sifcn le dit Estatut de Wyncestre quatre foitz chescun an decy enavant p mafle q dessus est ordeignez, come les autres Estatutz & ordinances dessusescritz en toutz les Citees . Burghs villes marchees & autres lieux notables deinz vre baillie ou vous verrez q mieutz soit affaire deinz franchise & dehors, facez pclamer dep nous & publier & duement garder & tenir selonc la forme & effect dicelles. Don p tesmoignance de life g*nt Seal a nfe Paleys de Westm avantdit le xxvjme jour de Novembre lan de nfe regne septisme.

23$

before any judge of the realm, [to1] do and receive in the said case as much as in any other case or matter, notwithstanding any statute made to the contrary heretofore.

Item, for the grievous complaint XV. that is made of maintainers of quar- f BdwTm. rels, and champertors; it is ordained st&t. 2. c. u; and assented, that the statutes thereof rJc.il made in the first and fourth years of c- ^; against King Edward, grandfather to our lord &*1DJ^nflrmed. the filing that now is, and also in the first year of our lord the King that now is, shall be holden and kept, and duly executed in all pointa

P And therefore we command you that as well the said Statute of Winchester, four times in each year from henceforth, in manner as above is ordained, as the other statutes and ordinances above written, in all the cities, boroughs, market towns, and other notable places within your bailiwick, where it shall seem to you most expedient, within franchise and without, you do cause to be proclaimed on our behalf, and to be published and duly kept and observed according to the form and effect of the same. Given under the witness of our great seal at our palace of Westminster the twenty-sixth day of November, in the seventh year of our reign.2]

1 and

3 Former translations read only thus:

And therefore we command you, &c.

Dated, &c.

8 BICHARD II. A.D. 1384.

234

A.D. 1384.

statutu ajmH WU&tm atrno ortabo rtittu.

STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER in the Eighth Tear.

rpo the honoui* of God, and at the request of the commonalty of the realm of England made to our lord the King in his Parliament holden at Westminster in the morrow of St. Martin, the eighth year of his reign; the same our lord the King of the assent of the prelates, great men, and commons aforesaid, hath caused to be made in the same Parliament, a certain statute for the common profit of the said realm, and especially for the good and just governance, and due execution of the common law, in the form following:



IV. Item, at the complaint of the said

jod^OTclerk commonalty made to our lord the making a false King in the Parliament, for that great entry, &c. disherison in times past was done of the people, and may be done by the false entering of pleas, rasing of rolls, and changing of verdicts; it is [accorded and assented,1] that if any judge or clerk be of such default, so that by the same default there en-sueth disherison of any of the parties, sufficiently convict before the King and his council, by the manner and form which to the same our lord the King and his council shall seem reasonable, and within two years after such default made, if the party grieved be of full age, and if he be within age, then within two years after that he shall come to his full age, he shall be punished by fine and ransom at the

Ex Rot Stat. in Turr. Loud. II.

m. 18.

D honorem dei & requisicoem coitatis regni Angt fcam dno Regi in pliamento suo tento apud Westm in Crastino Sci Martini anno regni sui octavo, idem dns Rex de assensu Prelatojc MagnatS & Coitatis pdee quoddam statutS in eodem pliamento p coi utilitate dei regni & jWtim g bona & justa gubnacoe ac debita execucoe cois legis fieri fecit in forma subsequenti;

* Item ad querimoniam dee Coitatis fcam Dno Regi in pliamento, de eo qd magna exheredacio retroactis tempo-rib3 pluribj de ppto fca extitit & fieri po?it p falsam intracoem plito£ rasuras rotulog & mutacoem veredcog, concordats est & statutu qd si aliquis [jux-dex1] vel Clicus de h9i defeu, dumodo p defcm illu exheredacio al?ius pciS subsequatr, sufficien? convincat1 coram Rege & consilio suo p mods & formam quos idem dns Rex & consiliS suS tunc viderint fore ronabiles, infra duos annos post defcm b9i fem si pars g*vata sit plene etatis, & si infra etatem fuit tunc infra duos annos postqam ad ple-nam etatem pvefiit, puniatF p finem & redempffiem ad voluntate Regis &

1 accorded and statuted

1 Read Judex,

8 Richard IL

235

satisfaciat pti. Et quo ad restitucoem hereditatis p dcam Coitatem petitam sequat* pars g*vata p b?e de errore vrl alias juxta legem si sibi viderit expedire.

Item p eo qd di9sa plita coem legem tangencia & que p coem legem dedaci & discuti deberent, i^hunt* jam de novo coram Constabula? & Marescallo Angi ad g*ve dampnu & inquietacoem ppti, concordats est & statutu qd omia ptita & querele coem legem ?re tangencia & que p coem legem deduci & discuti debeant non tahant* nec tene-nnt* dece?o coram pfatis Constabular & Marescallo quoquo modo, set qd Cur ipo£ Constabularii & Marescalli heat id quod ad dcam Cur ptinet, & qd lex cois beat id quod ad ipam ptinet, ac fiat & usitet1* put temporib3 ggenitojt dni Regis fieri & usitari con-raevit.

King's will, and satisfy the party. And as to the restitution of the inheritance desired by the said commons, the party grieved shall sue by writ of error, or otherwise, according to the law, if he see it expedient for him.

And because divers pleas concerning the common law, and which by the common law ought to be examined and discussed, are of late drawn before the constable and marshal of England, to the great damage and disquietness of the people; it is [agreed and ordained,1] that all pleas and suits touching the common law, and which ought to be examined and discussed at the common law, shall not hereafter be drawn or holden by any means before the foresaid constable and marshal, but that the court of the same constable and marshal shall have that which belongeth to the same court, and that the common law shall be executed and used, and have that which to it belongeth, and the same shall be executed and used as it was accustomed to be [used in the time of King Edward.2]

1 accorded and statuted

3 executed and used in the times of the progenitors of our lord the King.

11 BICHARD II. A.D. 1387-8.

W statute tint' ajmti r

Of the Statute made at WESTMINSTER In the Eleventh Year,

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Loud. IL m. 16, 15,14, 13.


Item ordeyne est & estably q tres

de signet ne du secre seal nre fr le Roy ne Beient desormes envoiez en damage ne pjudice de roialme nen destourbance de la loye.

ft « # «


Item, it is ordained and established,

that neither letters of the signet, nor of the King's privy seal, shall be from henceforth sent in damage or prejudice of the realm, nor in disturbance of the law.

ft # ft ft

y.

Pleas at common law shall not be discussed before the constable and marshal.

X.

Delays of law by privy seal forbidden.

IL

No officers shall be appointed for gifts, &c.

286

A.D. 188a

12 RICHARD II. AJ). 1388.

W statute etnto aptffl Cantebrigg'. amto jrff.

Of the STATUTE made at CAMBRIDGE; In the Twelfth Yeab.

Tj^OR the common profit and uni-versal wealth of all the realm of England, our lord the King at his Parliament holden at [Canterbury1] the morrow after the Nativity of our Lady, the twelfth year of his reign, by the assent of the lords and commons there assembled, hath made certain statutes and ordinances in the form following.

*# Item, it is accorded, that the chancellor, treasurer, keeper of the privy seal, steward of the King's house, the Kings chamberlain, clerk of the rolls, the justices of the one bench and of the other, barons of the Exchequer, and all other that shall be called to ordain, name, or make justices of peace, sheriffs, escheators, customers, comptrollers, or any Other officer or minister of the King, shall be firmly sworn, that they shall not ordain, name, or make justice of the peace, sheriff, escheator, customer, comptroller, nor other officer or minister of the King, for any gift or brocage, favour or affection; nor that none which pursueth by him or by other, privily or openly, to be in any manner office, shall be put in the same office, or in any other; but that they make all such officers and ministers of the best and most lawful men, and sufficient to their estimation and knowledge.



1 Cambridge '

Ex Rot Stat in Turr. Lond. II. m. 13, 12.

"DUR coe gfit & uni^sel bien de tout le Roialme nre fT le Roi a son plement tenuz a Cantefcr lendemayn de la Nativite de nre dame lan de son regne douzisme del assent des frs & Coes illoeqs assemblez ad fait Steins estatutz & ordenanoes en la forme qensuit.


Item accordez est & assentuz q le

Chanceller Tresorer Gardein du prive seal Seneschaff del Hostel le Roi Chaumfeleyn du Roi, Clerc des Roulles, Justices de lun Banc & de lautre Barons de lescheker & toutz auts qi §ront appellez dordeiner nomer ou faire Justices de la Paix, Viscontz Eschetours Custumers, Contrerollours ou ascun autre officer ou ministre du Roi, soient ferment jurrez & Sementez qils nordeinent noment ne facent Justice de la paix Viscont Escheto1 Custumer, Contrerollour ne nufl autre Officer ne Ministre [du Roip nuB maSe doun [ne2] brogage favornaffec-cion, ne q null q p^e p luy ou p autre en prive ou en apert destre en ascune maSe office soit mys en mesme loffice ou en ascun autre; einz qils facent toutz tielx officers & ministres de les plus bones & loialx & les plus sufficeantz a lour escience & lour

conscience.



\ j. Interlined on the roll. %

In *xn BntnH.

A.D. 1888.

12 Richard II.

287

x. Item ordeinez est & assentuz qen

chescun comission des Justices de la

Paix ne soient assignez q sys Justices,

outre les Justices dassises; & q les

ditz sys Justices tiegnent lo1 sessions

en chescun quar? del an au meyns, &

ce p trois jours si mestier soit sr peyne

destre puniz solonc ladvys du conseil

le Roy a suyte de chescun q soy vorra

pleindre; & enquergent diligealment

entre autres choses touchantz lour

offices si les ditz Meirs Baillifs Senes-

chalx & Conestables & auxint gaolers

ont duement faitz execucion des ditz

ordenances & estatuts des Svantz &

laborers mendinantz & vagerantz, &

punissent ceux q sont punissables p la

dee peyne de C &. p mesme la peyne;

k ceux qi sont trovez en defaut qi ne

sont pas punissables p la dee peyne

punissent p lour discrecion; & f)gne chescun des ditz Justices p* lour gages iiij 6. le jo' pr le temps de lour ditz sessions & lo1, clerc, deux s. le jor des fyns & nficiementz srdantz,& pvenantz de mesmes les sessions, p mayns des Viscontz; et <j les des franchises soient contributoirs as ditz gages solonc lafferant de lour pt des fyns & aficimentz susditz; JRep., 18 & 19 Vict. c. 126. s. 21.J et q null

Seneschall de fT soit assigne en nutt

des ditz comissions & q nutt associ-

acion soit faite as Justices de la paix

ap6 lour primer comission. Et nest

pas lentencion de cest estatut q les

Justices de lun bank & de lautre ne

les Sgeantz de ley en cas qils soient

nomez en les ditz comissions soient

tenuz p force de cest estatut de tenir

les ditz sessions quatre foitz p an

come sont les autres Comissioners qi

sont continuelment demnrantz en paiis

Item, it is ordained and agreed, X. that in every commission of the justices of peace, there shall be county j assigned but six justices with the justices of assises, and that the said six justices shall keep their sessions in every quarter of the year at the Quarterly least, and by three days, if need be, ietilonB»&c* upon pain to be punished according to the discretion of the King s council, at the suit of every man that will complain; and they shall inquire diligently, amongst other things touching their offices, if the said mayors, bailiffs, stewards, constables, and gaolers have duely done execution of the said ordinances (*) of servants and labourers, beggars and vagabonds, and shall punish them that be punishable by the said pain of an hundred shillings, by the same pain; and [they2] that be found in default, and which be not punishable by the same pain, [shall be punished8] by their discretion; and every of the Wage* of said justices shall take for their wages a°d

four shillings the day for the time of their "clr c crk* said sessions, and their clerk two shillings (4), of the fines and amerciaments rising and coming of the same sessions, by the hands of the sheriffs; and that the lords of franchises shall be contributory to the said wages, after the rate of their part of fines and amerciaments aforesaid;

{Rep., 18 & 19 Vict. c. 126. s. 21.J and

that no steward of any lord be as- No steward,

signed in any of the said comm is-

sions; and that no association shall

be made to the justices of the peace

after their first commission. And it Judges, kc.

is not the intent of this statute, that

the justices of the one bench or of the regularly.

other, nor the serjeants of the law, in

case that they shall be named in the

said commissions, shall be bound by

force of this statute to hold the said

sessions four times in the year, as

the other commissioners, the which be

continually dwelling in the country,

and statuUs 9 thorn

9 they shall punish

4 ths day

12 Richard II.

A.D. 138a

XL St. Westm. 1.

8 Edw. I. c. 34; 2 Ric. II. st 1. c. 5.

Reporters of lies against peers, &e. shall be punished by the council.

XV. Provisors of benefices beyond sea declared out of the King's protection, &c.

but that they shall do it when they may best attend it.

Item, whereas it is contained, as well in the Statute of Westminster the First, as in the statute made at Gloucester, the second year of the reign of our lord the King that now is, that none be so hardy to invent, to say, or to tell aDy false news, lies, or such other false things, of the prelates, dukes, earls, barons, and other nobles and great men of the realm, and also of the chancellor, treasurer, clerk of the privy seal, the steward of the King's house, the [justice1] of the one bench or of the other, and other great officers of the realm, and he that doth so shall be taken and imprisoned, till he hath found him [of whom the speech shall be moved:2] It is accorded and agreed in this Parliament, that when any such is taken and imprisoned, and cannot [find him by whom the speech be moved,8] as before is said, that he be punished by the advice of the council, notwithstanding the said statutes.



Item, that no liege man of the King, of what estate or condition that he be, great or little, shall pass over the sea, nor send out of the realm of England, by licence nor without licence, without special leave of the King himself, to provide or purchase for him benefice of Holy Church, with cure or without cure, in the said realm; and if any do, and by virtue of such provision, accept by [him4] or by any other, any benefice of the same realm, that at that time the same provisor shall be out of the King's protection, and

1 justices

2 which was the first author of the tale: See St Westm. 1. c. 34.

8 bring him forth that did speak the same, Bast 1603.

4 himself

mes qils le facent qant ils a ce poent bonement entendre.

Item come contenuz soit sibn en lestatut de Westm primer come en lestatut fait a Glouc lan du regne nfe fT le Hoi qore est second q null soit si hardy de controver dire on conter [ascune1] faux noveil mensonge, on autre tiel fauxe chose des Prelatz Dues Countes Barons, & autres nobles & gantz du roialme & auxint le Chanceller Tresorer Clerc du Prive Seal, Seneschal! del Hostel nfe le Hoi, Justices de lun bank & de lautre, & dautres gntz Officers du roialme, & qi le fra soit pris & emprisonez jesqes autant qil eit trove celuy dont la parole 8ra moevez; Accordez est & assentuz en cest plement q qant ascun tiel soit pris & emprisonez & ne poet trover celuy dont le pole 8ra moevez come devant est dit qil soit puniz p advys du conseitl nient contresteantz les statutz avantditz.



Item, q null liege du Roy de quel estat ou condicion qil soit greindre ou meindre passe le meer nenvoie hors du roialme Dengle?re p licence ou sanz licence, sanz especial congie du Roy mesmes, p* soy pvidre ou prchacer ascun benefice de Seinte Esglise ove cure ou sanz cure en le dit roialme & si ascun le face & p 9tue de tiele gvision accepte p lui ou p autre ascun benefice en mesme le roialme q a cel temps mesme le gvisour soit hors de gteccion du Roy

1 Interlined on the roll.

ajx im

12 Richard II.

239

As mesme le benefice voide, siq, bien Use a patron de mesme le benefice sibn espirituel come temporel psenter a yoelle nn Clerc able a sa voluntee.

the same benefice void, so that it shall be lawful to the patron of the same benefice, as well spiritual as temporal, to present to the same an able clerk at his pleasure.



13 RICHARD II. A.D. 1389-90.

Ki nsrgine fetfsli.

j-

Mat* tit atmo jruj.

STATUTE of the Thirteenth Year.

Ex Rot StaL in Turr.

m. 11,10. (o)

W ycest plement tenuz a Westm Lundy pchein aps le fest de Seint Hiller Ian du regne nre (T le Roy Richard second puis le Conquest treszisme, nre dit fr le Roy al hono1 de dieu & de Seint Esglise & pr coe pfit de ses liges de son dit roialme del assent des platz frs temporeles & coes esteantz el dit plement ad ordeinez & establiz les choses desouz escriptz.

En primes come ordeine soit p estatut fait lan du regne del Aiel nre fr le Roy vint & quint, q a quelle heure q le Roy ferra collacion on psentement a nutt benefice en autri droit q le title & quoi il se fondra soit bien examine qil soit vray & a quelle heure q avant juggement rendu le title soit trove p bone enformacion nient vray ne joust, soit la collacion

Statute the First.

"TN [the1] Parliament holden at A- Westminster the Monday next after the feast of Saint Hillary, the thirteenth year of the reign of King Richard the second after the conquest, our lord the King, to the honour of God and Holy Church, and for the common profit of his liege people of his realm, of the assent of the prelates and lords temporal, and commons, being in the same Parliament, hath ordained and established the things under-written.

First, whereas it is ordained by a statute made the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Edward the grandfather of our lord the King that now is, that at what time that the King shall make collation or presentment to any benefice in another's right, that the title upon which he groundeth himself shall be well examined that it be true; and at what time before judgement given, the title be found by good information untrue, and not just, the collation or presentment

1 this MS. Tr. 2.

(a) A copy of the first statute of this year is preserved at the Tower on a skin of parchment, apparently prepared as an exemplification for proclamation: The various readings of this copy are marked Exempt.

L

The Statute 25 Edw. HL stat 6. c. 3. confirmed.

240

13 Richard II. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1389-90.

The King's presentee shall not be admitted to any benefice fbll of an incumbent till the King hath recovered by law.

Incumbent removed shall sue within a year.

II.

Jurisdiction of the constable and marshal.

Of whose contracts the constable hath cognizance.

thereupon made shall be repealed; and notwithstanding the same statute, some of the King's presentees, by favour of the ordinaries be instituted and inducted in benefices of Holy Church without due process, the parties not warned nor called, and sometime [taken by false inquests favourably,1] and the incumbents in such manner put out; it is ordained and assented, that the said statute be firmly holden and kept; and moreover our lord the King, for the reverence of God and Holy Church, doth will and grant, that if he present to any benefice that is full of any incumbent, that the presentee of the King shall not be received by the ordinary to the benefice, till the King hath recovered his presentment by process of the law in his own court: And if any presentee of the King be otherwise received, and the incumbent put out without due process, as afore is said, the said incumbent shall begin his suit within a year after the induction of the King's presentee [at the least.2]

Item, because that the commons do make a grievous complaint, that the court of the constable and the marshal had incroached to him, and daily doth incroach contracts, covenants, trespasses, debts, and detinues, and many other actions pleadable at the common law, in great prejudice of the King and of his courts, and to the great grievance and oppression of the people; our lord the King, willing to ordain a remedy against the prejudices and grievances aforesaid, hath declared in this Parliament, by the advice and ussent of the lords spiritual and temporal, the power and jurisdiction of the said constable, in the form that followeth: To the Constable it per-taineth to have cognisance of con-

1 by fake inquests favourably taken

2 at the furthest MS. Tr. 2.

[French removed.]

1 esglise Exempt.

241

[French removed.]

1 fritz Exempt*

tracts touching deeds of arms and of war out of the realm, and also of things that touch (1) war within the realm, which cannot be determined nor discussed by the common law, with other usages and customs to the same matters pertaining, which other constables heretofore have duly and reasonably used in their time; joining to the same, that every plaintiff shall declare plainly his matter in his petition, before that any man be sent for to answer thereunto. And if any will complain, that any plea be commenced before the constable and marshal, that might be tried by the common law of the land, the same plaintiff shall have a (*) privy seal of the King without difficulty, directed to the said constable and marshal, to surcease in that plea, until it be discussed by the King's council, if that matter ought of right to pertain to that court, or otherwise to be tried by the common law of the realm of England, and also that they surcease in the mean time.



Item, forasmuch as a great and common clamour and complaint hath been oftentimes made before this time, and yet is, for that the admirals and their deputies hold their sessions within divers places of this realm as well within franchise as without, accroaching to them greater authority than belongeth to their office, in prejudice of our lord the King, and the common law of the realm, and in diminishing of dirers franchises, and in destruction and impoverishing of the common people: It is accorded and assented, that the admirals and their deputies shall not meddle from henceforth of any thing done within the realm, but only of a thing done upon the sea, as it hath been used in

1 armes or MS, TV.

3 writ of

<1

Declarations

thereof.

Prohibition to the constable and marshal.

V.

Jurisdiction of the admiral and his deputy.

13 Richard IL Stat. 1.

AJX 1389-90.

vn.

Statute 12 Ric. II. c. 10 recited.

Who shall be justices of the peace:

their oath.

the time of the noble prince King Edward, grandfather of our lord the King that now is.

* Item, whereas it is contained in the last Statute made at [Canterbury,1] that no steward of any lord shall be assigned in the commission of the justice of peace; nevertheless for certain causes shewed in this Parliament, it is accorded and assented, that justices of peace shall be made of new in all the counties of England, of the most sufficient knights, esquires, and gentlemen of the law of the said counties, notwithstanding the said statute; and that the said justices be sworn duely without favour to keep and put in execution all the statutes and ordinances touching their offices.



qad este duement use el temps du noble Roy Edward Aiel nre fT le Roy qorest.



Item come contenuz soit en lestatut vij. darrein fait a Cantefer q null Seneschal! du fT soit assigne en cdmission du Justice de la pees, Nientmeyns pr Steines causes monstrez en oest plement, accordez est & assentuz q Justices de la pees soient faitz de novell en toutz les Countees Dengle-Sre de les pluis sufficeantz Chivalers Esquiers & gentz de ley des ditz Countees nient contresteant le dit estatut; & q les ditz Justices soient Uementez de duement & sanz favour garder & mettre en execucion toutz les estatutz & ordinances touchantz lour offices.

1 Cambridge


Statute the Second.

pvUR lord the King, at his Parlia-^ ment holden at Westminster the Monday next after the feast of Saint Hillary, the thirteenth year of his reign, hearing the grievous complaint of his said commons in the same Parliament, of the outrageous mischiefs and damages which have happened to his said realm, for that treasons, murders, and rapes of women be commoriy done and committed, and the more because charters of pardon have been easily granted in such cases; the said commons requested our lord the King, that such charters might not be granted; [to whom2] the King answered, that he will save his liberty and regality, as his progenitors have done heretofore;

1 whereto.

Ex Rot Stat in Twrr. Lond. IL m. 10, 9, 8.

re Seignour le Roy a son plement tenuz a Westm Lundy gchein aps le fest de Seint Hiller lan de son regne treszisme oie la grevouse com-pleint de sa coe en mesme le plement des outrageouses meschiefs & damages q sont avenuz a son dit roialme prceo q tresones murdres & rapes des femes sont trop coement faitz & ppetrez & ceo le plus prceo q chartres de pdon ont este trop legement g*untez en tieux cases, la dite coe pria a nre seignor le Roi q tieux chartres ne fuissent mes g*untez, a qoi nre Pie Roi respondy qil vorroit salver sa lifetee & regalie come ses pgenitors ont fait devant ces heures, mes p* la

13 Richard II. Stat. 2.

243

greindre quiete & pees nnrrer deinz son roialme, del assent des gantz & nobles en mesme le plement esteantz, ad g*ntee q null chartre de pdon desore soit alowe devant qiconqes Justices p* murdre mort de home occys p agayt assaut ou malice prpense treson ou rape de feme, si mesme le murdre ou mort de home occys p agait assaut ou malice prpense treson ou rape de feme ne soient especifiez en mesme la Chartre [et si la dire1] de mort de home soit alegge devant qiconqes Justices en quelle Chartre ne soit especifie q celuy de qi mort ascun tiel soit arreigne feust murdres ou occis p agait assaut ou malice prpense, enquergent les Justices p bone enquest del visne ou la mort fuit occys 8il foist murdre ou occys p agait assaut ou malice pTpense & sils trovent qil fuist murdy ou occis p agait assaut ou malice prpense soit la Chartre disalowe & soit fait outre solonc ceo q la ley demande.........

Item come le noble Roi Edward Aiel nre (r le Roi qorest a son plement tenuz a Westm al oeutaves del Puri-ficacion nfe dame lan de son regne vynt & quynt, fist reciter lestatut fait a Eardoile en temps son Aiel le Roi Edward fitz au Roi Hen? tochant lestat de Seint Esglise Dengle?re, le dit Aiel n?e fr le Roi qore est, del assent des g*ntz de son roialme en mesme le plement tenuz le dit an vynt & quynt esteantz, al honour de dieu & de seint esglise & de tout son

but to nourish the more quietness and peace within his realm, by the assent of the great men and nobles, being in the same Parliament, he hath granted, that no No pardon charter of pardon from henceforth shall be allowed before any justice for shall be murder, or for the death of a man slain by await, assault, or malice be specified, prepensed, treason, or rape of a woman, unless the same murder, death of the man slain by await assault or malice prepensed, treason, or rape of a woman, be specified in the same charter; and if a charter of the death of a man be alledged before any justices, in which charter it [is1] not specified, that he of whose death any such is arraigned, was murdered or slain by await, assault, or malice prepensed, the same justices shall inquire, by a good inquest, of the visne where the dead was slain, if he were murdered or slain by await, assault, or malice prepensed, and if they find that he was murdered or slain by await, assault, or malice prepensed, the charter shall be disallowed, and further it shall be done as the law [commandeth.2] .... .......

Item, whereas the noble King n. Edward, grandfather to our lord the King that now is, at his Parliament 25 Edw. in. holden at Westminster, at the utas of the Purification of our Lady, the promisors, five and twentieth year of his reign,

caused to be rehearsed the Statute made at Carleil in the time of (3) King Edward, son of King Henry, touching the estate of the Holy Church of England; the said grandfather of the King that now is, by the assent of the great men of his realm, being in the same Parliament, holden the said five and twentieth year, to the honour of God and of Holy Church

ademandeth Q 2

1 Interlined on the roll.

'be

3 hie grand/athei

13 Richard II. Stat. 2.

A.D. 1389-90.

Tenonr of the said recited Statute 25 Edw. m.

Recital of proceedings in Parliament 35 Edw. I.

The origin and purpose of the possessions given to the Church*

and of all bis realm, did ordain and establish, that the free elections of archbishopricks, bishopricks, and all other dignities and benefices elective in England, should hold from thenceforth in the manner as they were granted by his progenitors, and by the ancestors of other lords founders; and that all prelates and other people of Holy Church, which had ad vow-sons of any benefices of the gift of the King, or of his progenitors, or of other lords and donors, should freely have their collations and presentments; and thereupon a certain punishment was ordained in the same statute for them which accept any benefice or dignity contrary to the said statute made at Westminster the said twenty-fifth year, as afore is said; which statute our lord the King hath caused to be recited in this present Parliament at the request of his commons in the same Parliament, the tenor whereof is such as hereafter followeth:

" Whereas late in the Parliament of good memory of Edward King of England, grandfather to our lord the King that now is, the five and thirtieth year of his reign, holden at Carlisle, the petition heard, put before the said grandfather and his council in his said Parliament by the commonalty of the said realm, containing, that whereas the Holy Church of England was founded in the estate of prelacy, within the realm of England, by the said grandfather and his progenitors, and the earls, barons, and other nobles of his said realm, and their ancestors, to inform them and the people of the law of God, and to make hospitalities, alms, and other works of charity, in the places where the churches were founded, for the souls of the founders,

roialme ordeigna & establist q franks elections des Ercheveschies Eveschies & touz aufs dignitees & benefices electives en Engle?re se tendroient delors en maSe come eles fnrent g*untez p ses pgenitors & p les aun-cestres des aufe frs foundors & touts plates & au$s gentz de seint esglise q avoient avowesons de qiconqs benefices de don le Roi ou de ses pgenitorB ou dauts frs & donors eussent franche-ment lour collations & psentementz; et srceo Stein punyssement estoit ordeigne en mesme lestatut pr ceux q acceptont ascun dignite ou benefice au contraire du dit estatut fait a Westm le dit an xxv. come devant est dit; le quele estatut n?e fr le Roi ad fait retitier en cest psent plement al request de sa coe en mesme le plement; la tenure de quele estatut est tiel come sy ensuyt:

(a) Come jadys en le plement de bone memorie f E. Roi Denglefre Aiel n?e fr ie Roi qorest lan de son regne trentisme & quynt a Kardoile tenuz oie la* petition mys devant le dit Aiel & son conseil en le dit plement p 0) coealte de son roialme conteignant q come seint Esglise Dengle?re estoit founde en lestat de platie deinz le roialme Denglefre p le dit Aiel & ses pgenitors & Countes & Barons & nobles de son roialme, & lour aun-cestres pr eux & le poeple enfourmer de la loy Dieu & pr faire hospit&litees almoignes & aufe oe9es de charitee es lieux ou les Esglises furent [founduz *] pr les almes des foundors & de lour

1 la 2 foundes

(a) The various readings in the notes are from the recited Statute 25 Edw. 111. Statute 4. lante\ pa. £^7-184}.

13 Richard II. Stat. 2.

245

A

V

heirs & de touz Cristiens; & Steines possessions tant en fees tres & rentes come en avowesons q [ceo *] extendent a gRnt value p les ditz foundors furent a&signez as plates & autres gentz de seinte Esglise du dit roialme pr celle charge sustenir & nomement des possessions q furent assignez as Ercevesqes Evesqes Abbes Priours [religiouses2] & auYs gentz de Seinte Esglise p les Rois du [dit8] roialme, Countes, Barons, & [autres4] nobles de son roialme; mesmes les Rois, Countes, Barons, & [auYs6] nobles come frs & avowes eusent & avoir deussent la garde des tieux voidances & les psentementz & collacions des benefices esteantz de tielx placies; & les ditz Roys cn temps passe aoleient avoir le greinour ptie de lour conseilles p* la salvacion du Roialme qRnt ils enurent inestier de tieux Prelates & Clercs issint avansez; le Pape de Rome accrochant a luy la #*ie de tielx possessions & benefices mesmes les bnfices dona & g^unta as aliens [q unqes ne demrreront enfl] roialme Dengle?re & as Cardinalx q y demrrer ne [purront7] & as auYs tant aliens come denzeins, autre sicome il eust este patron ou avowe des ditz dignites & benefices come il ne feust de droit M. 9. solonc la ley DengleYre; p les queux ails fuissent suffretz apeyne demreroit ascun benefice en poi de temps en le dit roialme qil ne Sroit es mayns des aliens & denzeins p 9tue des tiex ^visions contre la bone volunte & disposicion des foundors de mesmes les bnfices; & issint les eleccions des [Erceveschees Eveschees,8] & auYs religious faudroient & les almoignes hospitalites & auYs oevres de charite q sroient faitz es ditz lieux Sroient sustretz, le dit Aiel & auSs lays

1 se 2 Religious

4 Interlined on the roll. Stat 25 Edw. III. inserts. * Stat 25 Edw. III. omits.

6 qi unqes ue demrerent el 7 proieut

Ercevesqs, Evcsches,

their heirs, and all Christians; and

certain possessions, as well in fees,

lands, rents, as in advowsons, which

do extend to a great value, were

assigned by the said founders to the

prelates and other people of the Holy

Church of the said realm, to sustain

the same charge, and especially of the

possessions which were assigned to

archbishops, bishops, abbots, priors,

religious, and all other people of Holy

Church, by the Kings of the said

realm, earls, barons, and other great

men of his realm; the same Kings, Voidances and

earls, barons, and other nobles, as SfbmSces*

lords and advowees, have had and belong to the

ought to have the custody of such *

voidances, and the presentments and

the collations of the benefices being of

such prelacies; and the said Kings

in times p$st were wont to have the

greatest part of their council, for the

safeguard of the realm, when they

had need, of such prelates and clerks

so advanced; the Pope of Rome, The Pope

accroching to him the seignories of be?^re1t^i.

© . j , spiritual livings

such possessions and benefices doth upon aliens not give and grant the same benefices to m

aliens, which did never dwell in England, and to cardinals, which might not dwell here, and to other as well aliens as denizens, as if he had been patron or advowee of the said dignities and benefices, as he was not of right by the law of England; whereby if they should be suffered, Theincon-there should scarcely be any benefice within a short time in the said realm, but that it should be in the hands of aliens and denizens by virtue of such provisions, against the good will and disposition of the founders of the same benefices; and so the elections of archbishops, bishops, and other religious should fail, and the alms, hospitalities, and other works of charity, which should be done in the said places, should be withdrawn, the said grandfather, and other lay-

'i

246

13 RlCHABD II. Stat.

A.D. 1389-90.

In the Parliament 35 Edw. L provision was made against such evil.

The Pope giveth the benefices of the Church, and reserveth the first fruits to

patrons, in the time of such voidances, should lose their presentments, the said council should perish, and goods without number should be carried out of the realm, in adnullation of the estate of the Holy Church of England, and disherison of the said grandfather, and the earls, barons, and other nobles [of the said realm,] and in offence and destruction of the laws and rights of his realm, and to the great damage of his people, and in subversion of all the estate of his said realm, and against the good disposition and will of the first founders: By the assent of the earls, barons, and other nobles, and of all the said commonalty, at their instances and requests, the damage and grievances afore considered, in the said full Parliament it was provided* ordained, and established, that the said oppressions, grievances, and damages in the same realm from henceforth should not be suffered in any maimer. And now it is shewed to our lord the King in this present Parliament holden at Westminster, at the utas of the Purification of our Lady, the five and twentieth year of his reign of England, and of France the twelfth, by the grievous complaints of all the commons of his realm, that the grievances and mischiefs aforesaid do daily abound, to the greater damage and destruction of all this realm more than ever were before, viz. that now of late our Holy Father the Pope, by procurement of clerks and otherwise, hath reserved, and doth daily reserve to his collation generally and especially, as well archbishopricks, bishop-ricks, abbeys, and priories, as all other dignities and other benefices of England, which be of the advowry of people of Holy Church, and doth give the same as well to aliens as to denizens, and taketh of all such benefices the first fruits, and many

patrons en temps de tieux voidances pdroient lours psentementz, le dit conseil piroit, & biens sanz nombre Sroient emportez hors du roialme, en adnullacion del estat de Seint Esglise Denglefce & disheriteson du dit Aiel & des Counts Barons & nobles, & en offense & destruction de leys (*) droitfes de son roialme, & g*nt damage de son poeple & subVsion del estat de tout son roialme suisdit, & countre la bon disposition & volunte des primers foundors; del assent des Counts Barons nobles & tout la dite coealte a lour instant request considerez les damages & grevances suisditz en le dit plener plement fust p*veu ordeine & establi q les ditz grevances oppssions & damages en mesme le roialme des adonqes mes ne Sroient suffertz en ascune ma8e. Et ja monstre soit a nre fr le Roi en cest plement tenuz a Westm as Oetaves de la Purification (*) nre D&me lan de son regne Dengle?re vintisme quinte & de France duszisme p la grevouse pleint de tout la ooe de son roialme, q les grevances & meschiefe suisditz Baboundent de temps en temps a pluis g*nt damage & destruction de tout le roialme plus q unqes ne [furent,8] Cestassavoir q ore de novel nfe Seint Pier le Pape p gcurement des Clercs & augment ad reservee & reserve de jour en autre a sa collation gefialment & especialment sibien Erce-veschees Eveschees Abbeis & Priories come toutz dignites & au?s benefices DengleSre q sont del avowerie [des4] gentz de Seint Esglise, & les donne auxibien as aliens come as denzeins & prent de touz tiels bnfices les primers

4de

ade

3firent

13 Richard 1L 8tat. 2.

247

fidctz & auls gfitz pluses, & g*nt ptie de tresore de roialme si est emporte & despendu hors du roialme p les jpchaceo'S des tieux g«ces; Et auxint p tiels reservations prives plusors Clercs avaunces en cest roialme p lour 9rois patrons qount tenuz lor ay an cement [pesiblement p long temps1] sont sodeygnement [oustez8]; Sur qoy le dit Coe ad prie a n?e £ le Roy q desicome le droit de la corone Dengleftre & la ley du dit roialme sont tiels, q sur meschiefs & damages q si aveignont a son roialme il doit & est tenuz p son Dement de laccord de son people en son plement faire ent reme-die & ley en oustant les meschiefs & damages qensi aveinont q luy pleise de ceo ordeigner remedie; Nfe f* le Roy veiant les meschiefs & damages susnomes & eiant regard au dit estatut fait en temps son dit aiel & a les causes contenuz en ycelle, la quele estatut tient touz jo's sa force & ne fust unqes defeat ne [adnulle 3] en null poynt, & p taut est il tenuz p son Dement de le faire garder come la ley de son roialme coment q p suffrance & necligence ad este puis attempte a conWre, & auxint eiant regarde a les grevouses pleintes a luy faitz p son people en ses dieses plementz cea enarrere tenuz, Voillant les fegantz damages (4) meschiefs q sont avenuz & veignent de jour en autre a leglise Denglefre p la dite cause remedie ent ordeigner, p assent de touz les g*ntz & [le5] coealte de son dit roialme, al Bono' de Dieu & pfit de la dit Esglise Dengle?re & de tout son roialme, ad ordeine & establi q les frankes eleccions des Erceveschees Eveschees & de toutz au?s dignitees & benefices electives en

1 p long temps pesiblement

2 ostes 8anulli 4& 6 la

other profits, and a great part of the treasure of the said realm is carried away and dispended out of the realm, by the purchasers of such graces; and also by such privy reservations many clerks advanced in this realm by their true patrons, which have peaceably holden their advancements by long time, be suddenly put out: Whereupon the said commons have prayed our said lord the King, that sith the right of the crown of England, and the law of the said realm is such, that upon the mischiefs and damages which happen to his realm, he ought, and is bound by his oath, with the accord of his people in his Parliament, thereof to make remedy and law for the voiding of the mischiefs and damages which thereof ensue, that it may please him thereupon to ordain remedy:

Our lord the King seeing the mis- The causes and chiefs and damage before mentioned, and having regard to the said statute statute, made in the time of his said grandfather, and to the causes contained in the same; which statute holdeth always his force, and was never defeated nor adnulled in any point, and by so much as he is bounden by his oath to cause the same to be kept as the law of his realm, though that by sufferance and negligence it hath been sithence attempted to the contrary; also having regard to the grievous complaints made to him by his people in divers his Parliaments holden heretofore, willing to ordain remedy for the great damages and mischiefs which have happened, and daily do happen to the Church of England by the said cause; by the assent of all the great men and the commonalty of the said realm, to the honour of God, and profit of the said Church of England, and of all his realm, hath ordained and stablished, that the free elections Elections of of archbishops, bishops, and all other dignities and benefices elective in of the Church

248

13 Richard II. Stat. 2.

A.D. 1389-90.

shall be free, as they were founded.

Collations and presentations shall be free.

Where the Pope maketh provision to a dignity of the Church, the King shall * present:

So in cases of provision to religious houses; or to benefices of the advowson of the clergy.

England, shall hold from henceforth in the manner as thSy were granted by the King's progenitors, and the ancestors of other lords, founders of the said dignities and other benefices. And that all prelates and other people of Holy Church, which have advowsons of any benefices of the King's gift, or of any of his progenitors, or of other lords and donors, to do divine services, and other charges thereof ordained, shall have their collations and presentments freely to the same, in the manner as they were enfeoffed by their donors. And in case that reservation, collation, or provision be made by the court of Rome, of any archbishoprick, bishoprick, dignity, or other benefice, in disturbance of the elections, collations, or presentations aforenamed, that at the same time of the voidance, when such reservations, collations, and provisions shall take effect, (*) our lord the King and his heirs shall have and enjoy for the same time the collations to the archbishop-ricks, bishopricks, and other dignities elective, which be of his advowry, such as his progenitors had, before that free election was granted, seeing that the elections were first granted by the King's progenitors upon a certain form and condition, as to deipand licence of the King to chuse, and after the election to have his royal assent, and not in other manner; which conditions not kept, the thing ought by reason to resort to his first nature: And if any such reservation, provision, or collation be made of any house of religion of the Bong's advowry, in disturbance of free election, our sovereign lord the King, and his heirs, shall have for that time the collation to give this dignity to a convenient person. And in case that collation, reservation, or provision be made by

1 from the said avoidance MS. TV. 2; in Stat. 25 Edw. IIL

Englefre se tiegnent desore en mafie come ils furent gantez p les pgenitors nfe dit f* le Roi & p les auncestres des au?s #rs [Foundo^.1] Et q toutz Prelatz & au%s gentz de Seint Esglise qount avowesons de qeconqs benefices, des douns nfe fr le Roi & de ses pgenitors ou dau& frs & donors, p* faire divines § vices & au?s charges ent ordeignez eient lour collacions & paen-tementz franchement en maSe come ils estoient feoffez p lour donors. Et en cas q dascun Erceveschee Eveschee dignite ou autre qconq, benefice soit reservacion colladon ou pvision fait p la Court de Rome en destorbance des elecciona collacions ou psentadons susnomez q a mesme le temps des voidances q tiels reservacions collacions & pvisions deussent pndre effect [de*] mesme la voidance, nfe le Roi & ses heirs eient et enjoient p1 cel foitz les collacions as Erceveschees Eves-chees & au?s dignites electives q sont de sa avowerie au tielx come ses pgenitors avoient avant q fraunche eleccion fuit gftnte desicome les elec-cions furent primes gantez p les pgenitors le Roy sr Steine forme & condicion, come ademaunder du Roi conge deslyre & puis aps la eleccion davoir son assent roial & nemie en au?e mafie, les quels condidons nient gardez la chose doit p reson resorter a sa primer nature. Et q si dascun meson de religion de lavowerie du Roi, soit tiel reservacion collacion ou pvision fait en destourbance de franche elecdon, eit nfe (T le Roi & ses heirs a cele foitz la colladon a doner cele dignite a psone covenable. Et en cas q reservacion colladon ou pvision

q a

1 foundes

249

soft fait a la Court de Rome de nuft esglise [gvendre1] ou autre bnfice q sont de lavowerie des gentz de Seinte Esglise dont le Roi est avowe pamont inmediate, q a mesme le temps de voidance a quel temps la reservacion collation ou pvision deussent pndre effect come desus est dit q le Roi & 868 heirB de ceo eient la psentement ou collacion a celle foitz & issint de temps en temps a toutz les foitz q tielx gentz de Seint Esglise 8ront destc^bez de lo* psentementz ou collations p tielx reservacions collacions ou ^visions come desus est dit; Sauve a eux le droit de lour avowesons & psentementz q*nt null collacion ou pvision de la Court de Rome ent ne soit fait ou q les ditz gentz de Seint Esglise [oisent *] & voillent a mesmes les fcnfices psenter ou collacion faire, & lour psentez puissent [laffect8] de lour collacions & psentementz enjoier; & en mesme la maffe eit chescun autre fr de quelle condition qil soit les psentementz ou collacions a les mesons de religeon q sont de sa avowerie & as bnfices de Seint Esglise q sont apprte-nantz a mesmes les mesons; & si tieux avowes ne psentent point a tielx bnfices deinz la demy an aps tielx [voidance4], ne levesq de lieu ne la donne p laps du temps deinz un moys aps le demy an, qadonqes le Roi eit ent les psentementz & collacions come il ad dautres de savowerie demesne; & en cas q les psentes le Roi ou les psentes dauts Patrons de Seint Esglise ou de lours avowes, ou ceux a queux le Roi ou tiels Patrons ou avowes susditz a9ont donez fenfices [apprte-nances ] a lour psentmentz ou collations, soient desto'bez p tieux pvisors issint qils ne puissent avoir [posses-

1 pvende * osent 8 leffect

4 voidances 5 aprtenantz

the court of Rome of any church, prebend, or other benefices, which be of the advowry of people of Holy Church, whereof the King is advowee paramount immediate, that at the same time of the voidance, at which time the collation, reservation, or provision should take effect as afore is said, the King and his heirs thereof shall have the presentment or collation for that time; and so from time to time, whensoever such people of Holy Church shall be disturbed of their presentments or collations, by such reservations, collations, or provisions, as afore is said; saving to them the right of their advowsons and their presentments, when no collation or provision of the court of Rome is thereof made, or where that the said people of Holy Church shall or will to the same benefices present or make collation; and that their presentees may enjoy the effect of their collations or presentments: And in the same manner every other lord, of what condition that he be, shall have the collations or presentments to the houses of religion which be of his advowry, and other benefices of Holy Church which be pertaining to the same houses; and if such advowees do not present to such benefices within the half year after such voidances, nor the bishop of the place do not give the same by lapse of time within a month after half a year, that then the King shall have thereof the presentments and collations, as he hath of other of his own advowry; and in case that the presentees of the King, or the presentees of other patrons of Holy Church or of their advowees, or they to whom the King, or such patrons or advowees aforesaid, have given benefices pertaining to their presentments or collations, be disturbed by such provisors, so that they may not have possession of such

Saying, when no provision, or the parties themselves present.

Presentations by patrons; and on their default by the King.

The penalties for disturbance by provisors:

250

13 Richard II. Stat. 2.

A.D. 1389-90.

Imprisonment on conviction;

Renunciation and surety against fntore attempts.

Process of outlawry.

The King shall have intermediate profits.

Commencement of this recited statute.

benefices by virtue of the presentments or collations to them made, or that they which be in possession of such benefices be impeached upon their said possessions by such provisors, then the said provisors, their procurators, executors, and notaries, shall be attached by their body, and brought in to answer; and if they be convict, they shall abide in prison without being let to mainprise, or bail, or otherwise delivered, till that they have made fine and ransom to the King at his will, and gree to the party that shall feel himself grieved; and nevertheless before that they be delivered, they shall make full renunciation, and find sufficient surety that they shall not attempt such things in time to come, nor sue any process by them, nor by other, against any man in the court of Rome, nor in any part elsewhere, for any such imprisonments or renunciations, nor any other thing depending of them. And in case that such provisors, procurators, executors, or notaries be not found, that the exigent shall run against them by due process, and that writs shall go forth to take their bodies in what parts they be found, as well at the King's suit as at the suit of the party, and that in the mean time the King shall have the profits of such benefices so occupied by such provisors, except abbeys, priories, and other houses, which have colleges or convents; and in such houses the colleges and convents shall have the profits; saving always to our lord the King, and to all other lords, their old right. And this statute shall have place as well of reservations, collations, and provisions made and granted in times past against all them which have not yet obtained corporal possession of the benefices granted to them by the said reservations, collations, and provisions, as against all other in time to come; and

sions1] des tieux fcnfices p 9tu des psentementz & collacions issint a eux faitz, ou q ceux q sont en [possession1] des tielx fcnfices soient empeschez sr lour ditz possessions p tieux gvisours, adonqes soient les ditz gvisours & lour gcurators executors & Notaires atta-chiez p lour corps & mesnez en respons, & sils soient convictz demurgent en prison sanz estre lessez a maynprise en bail! ou augment deli9ez tonsils a9ont fait fyn & redempcion auBoi a sa volunte & gre al ptie q se sentera greve; & nientmayns av*nt qils soient deli^ez facent plein renunciacion & trovent suffisant srte qils nattempte-ront tiel chose en temps avenir, ne nuft gcesse sueront p eux ne p [au& *] de9s nulli en la dite Courte de Rome ne null pt aillors pr nuls tielx em-prisonementz ou renunciacions ne nufl autre chose dependant deux. Et en cas q tiels gvisours gcurators executor & Notairs ne soient trovez q lexigent courge de9s eux p due pees, Et q briefs issent de pndre lors corps qele pt qils soient trovez auxibien a la suyt le Roy come de ptie, et q en le mesne temps le Roi eit les gfitz des tieux fcnfices issint occupies p tieux gvisors, forpris Abbeys Priories & auSs mesons qount college ou covent, & en tieux mesons eient les covent & colleges les gfitz; Sauvant toutfoitz a nre fT le Roi & as autres frs lour auncien droit. Et eit cest estatut lieu auxibien de reservations collacions & gvisions faitz & g*ntez en temps passe de9s touz ceux q ne sont unqore [adeptez 4] corporel possession des fcnfices a eux g»untez p mesmes les reservations collacions & gvisions, come de9s toutz auts en temps avenir; & doit cest estatut

1 possession 2 possessions

3 autre 4 adept

251

tenir lieu comenceant al oetaves suis-ditz.

Et outre oe nfe [dit*] & le Roi qore est de lassent des gntz de son roialme esteantz en cest psent piement ad ordeigne & establi, q de toutz Erceveschees Eveschees & auSs dig-nites & fenfices electives & auSs bnfices de Seint Esglise qconqes, q oomencerent destre voidez de fait le vint & noefisme jour de Januer lan du regne n?e dit fr le Roi Richard treszime ou puis, ou q Be voidront en temps avenir deinz le roialme Den-gleftre, le dit estatut fait le dit an xxv. soit fermement tenuz pr touz jo's & mys en due execucion de temps en temps en toutz pointz; & si ascun face ascun acceptation dascun ftnfice de Seint Esglise a contrie de cest estatut & ce duement pve & soit dep de la demurge exile & banny hors du roialme p* toutz jorB & ses ?res tentz biens & chateux forfaitz au Roi; & sdl soit deinz le roialme soit il auxi exile & banny come devant est dit & encourge mesme la forfeits, fcpigne son chemyn issint qil soit hors du roialme deinz sys semaignes pcheins aps tie! acceptation; & si ascun re-cette ascun tiel banny venant dep de la ou esteantz deinz le roialme aps les sys semaignes av*ntditz conisant de ce soit auxint exile & banny & encourge autiel forfait1© come devant est dit & q lour pcurators Notairs, executors, & somonors eient la forfait1© & peyne susditz. Purveu neppqant q toutz yceux as queux nfe seint pier le Pape ou ses {Jdecessours ont p'veu ascun Ercevesches Eveschee ou autre

1 Interlined on the roll.

this statute oweth to hold place and to begin at the said utaa,>

(1) Our Lord the King that now is, of the assent of the great men of his realm, being in this present Parliament, hath ordained and established, that for all archbishopricks, bishop-ricks, and other dignities and benefices elective, and all other benefices of Holy Church, which [shall begin 2] to be void in deed the twenty-ninth day of January, the thirteenth year of the reign of our lord King Richard that now is, or after, or which shall be void in time to come within the realm of England, the said statute made the said twenty-fifth year shall be firmly holden for ever, and put in due execution from time to time in all manner of points; and if any do accept of a benefice of Holy Church contrary to this statute, and that duly proved, and be beyond the sea, he shall abide exiled and banished out of the realm for ever (*) his lands and tenements, goods, and chattels shall be forfeit to the King; and if he be within the realm, he shall be also exiled and banished as afore is said, and shall incur the same forfeiture, and take his way, so that he be out of the realm within six weeks next after such acceptation; and if any receive any such person banished coming from beyond the sea, or being within the realm after the said six weeks, knowing thereof he shall be also exiled and banished, and incur such forfeiture as afore is said; and that their procurators, notaries, executors, and summoners have the pain and forfeiture aforesaid. Provided nevertheless, that all they to whom [the Pope of Rome,4] or his predecessors, have provided any archbishoprick, bishop-

1 And furthermore MS. TV. 2.

2 began

and

4 our Holy Father the Pope

For all

benefices void after a certain day, the recited statute shall be put in execution.

If any do accept of a benefice contrary to the statute, he shall be banished the realm.

And also the

receivers,

procurators,

Ac. of offenders.

Saving as to benefices void and inducted to before the day named.

13 RlCHABD II. Stat. 2.

A.D. 1389-90.

The penalty of suing to the court of Rome to infringe the purport of this statute.

Saving as to benefices void on, bnt collated before the day named, but not after.

rick, or other dignity, (*) or other I benefices of Holy Church, of the patronage of people of Holy Church, in respect of any voidance before the said xxix day of January, and thereof were in actual possession before the same xxix day, shall have and enjoy the said archbishopricks, bishopricks, dignities, and other benefices peaceably for their lives, notwithstanding the statutes and [ordinances 2] aforesaid. And if the King send by letter or in other manner to the court of Rome, at the intreaty of any person, or if any other send or sue to the same court, whereby any thing is done contrary to this statute, touching any archbishoprick, bishoprick, dignity, or other benefice of Holy Church within the said realm, if he that maketh such motion or suit be a prelate of Holy Church, he shall pay to the King the value of his temporaries of one year; and if he be a temporal lord, he shall pay to the King the value of his lands and possessions not moveable of one year; and if he be another person of a more mean estate, he shall pay to the King the value of the benefice for which suit is made, and shall be imprisoned one year. And it is the intent of this statute, that of all dignities and benefices of Holy Church, which were void indeed the said xxix day of January, which be given, or to [whom *] it is provided by [the Pope of Rome4] before the same xxix day, that they to whom such gifts or provisions be made, may freely of such gifts and provisions sue execution without offence of this statute: Provided always, that of no dignity or benefice which was full the said xxix day of January, no man because of any collation, gift, reserva-

1 or benefices elective

9 ordinance 9 which

4 f the Appostell Rost. 1603.

I thapostolite or Pope MS. Tr. 2.

I dignitee ou bnfices electives ou bnfices de Seint Esglise del pronage des gentz de Seint Esglise, acause de voidance devant le dit xxix. jour de Januer & ent furent en corporel possession dev*nt mesme le xxix. jour, eient & enjoient lour ditz Erce-veschees Eveschees dignites & bnfices peisiblement pr lour vies nient con-tresteantz les estatutz & ordinance avantditz. Et si le Roi envoie p fie ou en autre marie a la Courte de Rome al excitacion dascune psone, ou si ascun autre envoie ou prie a mesme la Courte, pount q la contarie de oest estatut soit fait touchant ascun Eroe-veschee Eveschee dignite ou autre bnfice de Seint Esglise deinz le dit roialme, si cely q fait tiel excitacion ou tiel prier soit plate de Seinte Esglise paie au Roi le value de ses tempaltees dun an, & sil soit f* temporal paie au Roi le value de ses fees & possessions nient moebles dun an, Et sil soit autre psone destate pluis bas paie au Roi la value du bnfice pr quel tiel prier soit fait & eit la prisone dun an. Et est lentencion du ce&t estatut q de toutz dignites & bnfices de Seint Esglise qestoient voidez de fait le dit xxix. jo1* de Januer, queux sont donez [oux] as queux soit prveu p lappostoitt devant mesme le xxix. jo1, q ceux as queux tielx douns ou pvisions soient fritz puissent fcanche-ment des tielx douns & pvisions suer execucion sanz offence de cest estatut: Purveu toutzfoitz q de nulle dignite ou bnfice qestoit plain le dit xxix jor de Januer null a cause d&scun don collation reservation & p vision ou

1 Interlined on the roll.

13 Richard II Stat. 2.

dautre g*ce de lappoistoift qconq nieni execute dev*nt le dit xxix jo' ne sue ent execucion sur lee peynes contenuz en cest psent est&tut.

Item ordeigne est & establi q si ascun port ou envoie deinz le roialme ou le poair nre dit le Roy ascun somonces sentences ou escomenge-mentz en9s ascun psone de quel con-dicion qil soit a cause de la mocion [----- !] fesance assent ou exe-

cucion du dit estatut des pviso's, soit il prig & arestuz & mys en prisone & forface toutz ses ?res & tentz bien & chateux p* touz jo's & outre encourge la peyne de vie & de membra Et si ascun Prelat face execucion des tieux somonces sentences ou escomenge-mentz q ses tempaltes soient prises & demrgent es mayns nre dit ^ le Roy tanq duoredresse &correccion ent soit fait. Et si ascun pson de meyndre estate q plat de quel condicion qil soit face tiel execucion soit pris & arestuz & mys en prison & eit emprisonement & face fyn & raunceon solonc la dis-crecion du conseift nre dit h le Roy.

1 An erasure on the roR

253

tion, and provision, or other grace papal, not executed before the said xxix day, shall not sue thereof execution, upon the pains and forfeitures contained in this present statute.

Item, it is ordained and established, that if any man bring or send within the realm, or the King's power, any summons, sentences, or excommunications against any person, of what condition that he be, for the cause of [making motion,1] assent, or execution of the said Statute of Provisors, he shall be taken, arrested, and put in prison, and forfeit all his lands and tenements, goods and chattels for ever, and incur the pain of life and of member. And if any prelate make execution of such summons, sentences, or excommunications, that his tem-poralties be taken and abide in the King's hands, till due redress and correction be thereof made. And if any person of less estate than a prelate, of what condition that he be, make such execution, he shall be taken, arrested, and put in prison, and have imprisonment, and make fine and ransom by the discretion of the King's council.

1 th^ moving, making,

14 RICHARD II. A.D. 1390.

B* &tatnto ditto aptffl SBrttm anno quarto fcrntno.

Of the STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER; nr the Fockteuth Year. Ex Rot Stat in Turr. lend, II,

7ft. 8u

Item qen cbeaetm Coot tee veent Item, that in every rr/nutyhe

assignez oept Justices de In pee# *'&*A eight justice# of pence, m in

eonteiaert in the ntstate of [Center-est contenuz en kststat de

outre ks frs sungnez en aw* fjement;

III.

Penalty for bringing or ending of lummona or exoommunica-tion againit any for enforcing the recited Statute of Proriiort.

XI

tM* je^ue tAyum* .a 4runoff

254

14 Richard II.

A.D. 1390.

Their e*treato.

Their wages.

Seal for servants.

The Statutes 12 Ric. EL 18 Ric.IL st. L c. 7, and other statutes confirmed.

this Parliament: And that the estreats of the said justices be doubled, and the one part delivered by the said justices to the sheriff, to levy the money thereof rising, and thereof to pay to the justices (*) their wages by the hand of the said sheriff by indenture betwixt them thereof to be made; and that the sheriffs have allowance in their accompt in the Exchequer by the same indenture: JSo much of this chapter as directs or authorizes the payment of wages to justices of the peace and their clerks for the time of their sessions, rep., 18 & 19 Vict. c. 126. s. 21.J And that no duke, earl, baron, or banneret, albeit they be assigned justices of the peace, and hold their sessions with the other eight justices, shall take any wages for the said office: And that the justices (*) put their names (*) in the same estreats, together with the number of the days of their sessions, to the intent that the sheriffs may know to whom to pay the wages, and to whom not; and the barons of the Exchequer, to whom to allow, and to whom not: And that the seals be made for the servants, and delivered to the keeping of some good man of the country, after the purport of the said Statute of [Canterbury f] which statute, with the modification of the same made at the last Parliament, and the Statute of Weights and Measures, and all other good statutes and ordinances made heretofore, and not repealed, (5) shall be holden and kept, and put in due execution.

1 and to their clerks

3 who hold their sessions

3 and the name of their clerk

4 Cambridge

6 the Kyng wil that they MS. Tr. 2.

& q les estretes des ditz Justices soient

doublez & lune ptie define p les ditz

Justices al Yiscont pr lever les deniera

ent sordantz & ent paier as ditz justices & a lo* Clerks lo* gages p la mayn du dit Yiscont p endenture entre eux ent affaire; et q les Yiscontz eient allonance en lo* accompt en lescheqer p mesme len-denture: JSo much of this chapter as directs or authorizes the payment of wages to justices of the peace and their clerks for the time of their sessions, rep., 18 & 19 Vict. c. 126. s. 21.J

et q null Due Count Baron ou Baflefc

tout soient ils assignez Justices'de la

pees & tiegnent lor sessions ovesq les

au?s oept Justices ne pignent gages

pr le dit office et q les Justices q

tiegnent lor sessions mettent lor nouns

& le noun de lor Clerk ensemblement

ove le nombre des jors de lor Sessions,

au fyn q les Yiscontz p^ront svoir a

qi paier & a qi noun, & les Barons

de lescheqer a qi allower & a qi noun;

et q les sealx soient faitz pr les s9antz

& baillez en garde dascun pdhSme du

paiis solonc le prport de le dit Estatut

de Canteb?; le quell estatut ove la

raodificacion dicell faite al darrein

plement, ensemblement ove lestatutz

de poys & mesures & toutz aufe

estatutz & bones ordinances faitz

avant ces heures & nient repellez,

le Boy voet qils soient tenuz &

gardez & mys en due execution.

15 BICHARD H. A.D. 1391.

A.D. 1891.

255

W statute He anno qumtoUmmo.

Of the STATUTE of the Fifteenth Year.

Ex Rot Stat in Turr. Loud. II.

m. 7.

A U plement tenuz a Westm lende-mayn des almes lan du regne nref* le Roi Richard second puis le conquest quinzisme; Nre dit f* le Roi de Jassent de son dit plement ad Online & establi Steines choses en la forme qensuit.

Item accordez est & assentuz q lestatutz & ordeinances faitz & nient repellez de cenx q font entrees a forte mayn en Sres & tentz ou aufc possessions qconqes & lour teignent einz ove force, & anxint de ceux q font in-surreccions ou gftntz chivaches rioutes routes ou assemblees en destourbance de la pees ou de la coe ley ou en affray du poeple, soient tenuz & gardez & pleynement executz; ajouste a ycelles q a toutz les foitz q tielx forcibles entrees soient faitz, & pleint en veigne a Justices de la pees ou a ascun de eux q mesmes les Justices ou Justice pignent ou pigne poair sufficeant du Counte, & voisent ou yoise al lieu ou tiel force soit fait, & sils troevent ou troeve ascuns q teignent tiel lieu forciblement, aps tiel entree faitz, soient pris & mys en pscheine gaole a y demrer convict p record de mesmes les Justices ou Justice tanqils eient fait fyn & ran-ceon au Roy; & q toutz gentz du Counte siftn Viscont come aufs soient entendantz. as ditz Justices pur aler & enforcier mesmes les Jus-

TN the Parliament holden at Weat-^ minster the morrow after All Souls, the fifteenth year of the reign of King Richard the second after the conquest, our said lord the King by the assent of the said Parliament hath ordained and established certain things in the form following:

* Item, it is accorded and assented, that the ordinances and statutes, made and not repealed, of them that make entries with strong hand into lands and tenements, or other possessions whatsoever, and them hold with force, and also of those that make insurrections, or great ridings, riots, routs, or assemblies, in disturbance of the peace, or of the common law, or in affray of the people, shall be holden and kept, and fully executed; joined to the same, that at all times that such forcible entry shall be made, and complaint thereof cometh to the justices of peace, or to any of them, that the same justices or justice take sufficient power of the county, and go to the place where such force is made; and if they find any that hold such place forcibly after such entry made, they shall be taken and put in the next gaol, there to abide convict by the record of the same justices or justice, until they have made fine and ransom to the King: And that all the people of the county, as well the sheriffs as other, shall be attendant upon the same justices to go and assist the same justices to arrest

n.

Statutes concerning forcible entries and riots confirmed.

256

15 Richabd II.

A.D. 1391.

in.

Jurisdiction of the admiral.

such offenders, upon pain of imprisonment, and to make fine to the King. And in the same manner it shall be done of them that make such forcible entries in benefices or offices of Holy Church.

Item, at the great and grievous complaint of all the commons made to our lord the King in this present Parliament, for that the admirals and their deputies do incroach to them divers jurisdictions, franchises, and many other profits pertaining to our lord the King, and to other lords, cities, and boroughs, other than they were wont or ought to have of right, to the great oppression and impoverishment of all the commons of the land, and hindrance and loss of the King's profits, and of many other lords, cities, and boroughs through the realm: It is declared, ordained, and established, that of all manner of contracts, pleas, and quarrels, and all other things (1) rising within the bodies of the counties, as well by land as by water, and also of wreck of the sea, the admiral's court shall have no manner of cognizance, power, nor jurisdiction; but all such manner of contracts, pleas, and quarrels, and all other things rising within the bodies of counties, as well by land as by water, as afore, and also wreck of the sea, shall be tried, determined, discussed, and remedied by the laws of the land, and not before nor by the admiral, nor his lieutenant in any wise. Nevertheless, of the death of a man, and of a maihem done in great ships, being and hovering in the main stream of great rivers, only beneath the [bridges2] of the same rivers

1 done or

'points 4 Inst. 137: MS. Tr. 2:

. Pulton's Calendar, SfC. 1612: Pulton's Stats. 1661.

.ports Cay's Abridgement 1739.

tices pur ares ter tielx malfesours sur I peine demprisonement & de faire fyn au Roy. Et en mesme le maSe soit fait de ceux q font tielx fordbles entrees en benefices ou offices de seinte Esglise.

Item a la g*nte & grevouse com- iij. pleint de toute la coe fait, a nre f le Roi en cest psent plement, de ce q les Admiralx & lour deputees ac-crochent a eux dieses jurisdictions franchises & plusours auYs pfitz q appteignent a nre iT le Hoi & as aufo #rs Cittees & Burgfas auYs qils ne soloient ne ne deVoient avoir de droit, a Ysgant oppssion & empo^issement de toute la coe de la Yre, & arrerisse-ment & pde des pfitz nre (r le Roi & de pluso's auYs frs Citees & Burghs pmy le Roialme; declarez est or-deignez & establi q de toutes maffes contractz plees & querelles & de toutes auYs choses faitz ou sourdantz deinz les corps des Countees sibn p Yre come p eawe, & aussint de Wrek de meer, la Court de ladmiratt eit nulle maSe conissance poair ne jurisdiction; mes soient toutz tielx ma0es contractes plees & quereles & toutes auYs choses sourdantz deinz les corps des Countees sifen p Yre come p eawe come desuis, et auxint Wrek de meer triez Yminez discus & remediez p les loyes de la Yre & nemye devant ne p ladmiral ne son lieutenant en nulle maSe. Nient-meyns de mort de home & de maheym faitz es grosses niefs esteantz & ho^antz en my le haut fil des grosses Rivers tantsoulement paval les [pountzde mesmes les Rivres pluis pscheins al

r pointz [or poyntz] old printed copies. i J portes old abridgements.

[pontz Rot. Pari, nu. 30.

15 Richard II.

257

meer, & en nul autre lieu de mesnies % les Rivers, eit ladmiral conissance, & auxint darest des niefs en les g*ntz fletz p* g*ntz viages du Roi & de Roialuie; Sauvant au Roi toutz maSes forfaitres & pfitz ent gvenantz. Et eit ensement jurisdicciofi sur les dees fletz durantz les dites viages tantsoule-ment. Sauvant toutdis as f*s Citees

& Burghs lour lihtees & franchises. *# Item come contenuz soit en lestatut

de Religiouses q null religious nautre qconq, achate ne vende ou souz colour de doun ou fine ou dautre title qconq, dascun resceive ou dascun en ascune inafie p art ou p engyn a luy face approprier ascunes tres ou tentz sur forfaits dycelles p qoi les ditz fres & tentz purront en ascune mafie devenir a raort mayn; et q si ascun religious ou ascun autre veigne encontre le dit estatut p art ou p engyn en ascune mafie, bien lise au Roi & as aufs frs les ditz fres & tentz entrer; sicome en le dit estatut est contenuz plus au plein: et ore de noveft p sotile ymagi-nacion & p art & engyn ascuns gentz de religion psons vikers & aufs psones espiritiels sont entrez en dieses fres & tentz adjoignantz a lour esglise, & dycelles p suffrance & assent de tenantz ont fait cimifs & p bulles del appostoill les ont fait dedier & sacrer & sepulture parochiele font continuelment en ycelles sanz licence du Roi & des chiefs fra; declare est en cest piement

[nigh*] to the sea, and in none other places of the same rivers, the admiral shall have cognizance; and also to arrest ships in the great flotes for the great voyages of the King and of the realm; saving always to the King all manner of forfeitures and profits thereof coming; and he shall have also jurisdiction upon the said flotes, during the said voyages only: Saving always to the lords, cities, and boroughs their liberties and franchises.


Item, whereas it is contained in the , V-Statute de Religiosis, that no religious, de Religions, nor other whatsoever he be, do buy or sell, or under colour of gift, or term or any other manner of title whatsoever, receive of any man, or in any manner by [gift *] or engine cause to be appropriated unto him any lands or tenements, upon pain of forfeiture of the same, whereby the said lands and tenements in any manner might come to mortmain; and (8) if any religious, or any other, do against the said statute by art or engine in any manner, that it be lawful to the King, and to other lords, upon the said lands and tenements to enter; as in the said statute doth more fully appear:

And now of late by subtile imagina- Converting tion, and by art, and engine, some cw^ard religious persons, parsons, vicars, and declared to be other spiritual persons, have entered in divers lands and tenements, which be adjoining to the churches, and of the same, by sufferance and assent of the tenants, have made church-yards, and by bulls of the Bishop of Rome have [dedicated and hallowed the same,4] and in them do make continually parochial burying without licence of the King and of the chief lords; therefore it is declared in this

1 most next MS. Tr. 2.

2 craft

that

4 caused the earn to he dedicated and hallowed,

258

15 Richard II.

A.D. 1391.

Mortmain where any is seised of lands to the use of spiritual persons.

Mortmain to purchase lands to gilds, fraternities, offices, commonalties;

or to their use.

Parliament, that [it1] is manifestly within the compass of the said statute. And moreover it is agreed and assented, that all they that be possessed by feoffment, or by other manner, to the use of religious people, or other spiritual persons, of lands and tenements, fees, advowsons, or any manner other possessions whatsoever, to amortise them, and whereof the said religious and spiritual persons take the profits, that betwixt this and the feast of St. Michael next coming, they shall cause them to be amortised by the licence of the King and of the lords, or else that they shall sell and aiiene them to some other use between this and the said feast, upon pain to be forfeited to the King, and to the lords, according to the form of the said Statute of Religious, as lands purchased by religious people: And that from henceforth no such purchase be made, so that such religious or other spiritual persons take thereof the profits, as afore is said, upon pain aforesaid; and that the same (1 2) statute extend and be observed of all lands, tenements, fees, advowsons, and other possessions, purchased or to be purchased to the use of gilds or fraternities. And moreover it is assented, because mayors, bailiffs, and commons of cities, boroughs, and other towns which have a perpetual commonalty, and others which have offices perpetual, be as perpetual as people of religion, that from henceforth they shall not purchase to them, and to their commons or office, upon (8) pain contained in the said Statute de Religiosis; and [whereas others be possessed4] or hereafter shall purchase to their use, and they thereof take the profits, it shall be done in like manner as ia afore said of people of religion.

1 this

2 this MS. Tr. 2. 3 the

4 of that, that others be possessed

qce est o9tement en cas du dit estatut. Et en outre accordez est & assentuz q toutz ceux q sont possessionez p feoffement ou p autre voie al oeps de gentz de religion ou au& psones espi-ritiels, des ?res tentz fees advoesoiis ou au?s possessions qconqes p* les amortiser, & dont les ditz religiouses & psones espiritiels pignent les pfitz, q pentre cy & le fest de Seint Michel pschein venant ils les facent estre amortisez p licence du Roi & des fra, ou autrement qils les vendent & alien-ent a autre oeps pentre cy & le dit fest, sur peine destre forfaitz au Roi & as frs solonc la forme de lestatut de religious come tentz prchasez p gentz de religion; & q de cest temps enavant null tiel purchace se face, issint q tiek religiouses ou aufe psones espiritiels ent pignent les pfitz come desuis sur la peine av«ntdce; & mesme cest estatut sextende & soit tenuz de toutz ?res & tentz fees advoesons & autres possessions prchacez & a prchesers al oeps des gildes & fra?nitees. Et enoutre est assentuz, pr ce q Mairs Baillife & Coes de Citees Burghs & aufe villes qont coe ppetuel & aufs qont offices ppetuels sont aussi ppetuels come gentz de religion, q de cest temps enav*nt ils ne prchacent a eux & a lour coe ou office sur la peine contenue en le dit estatut de religiouses; & de ce q au& sont possessionez ou §ra prchacez en temps avenir a lour oeps & ils ent pignent ou pndront les pfitz, soit semblablement fait come dev*nt est dit de gentz de religion.

15 Richard II.

259

vj-

Item p* ce q plusours damages & deseases sont sovent avenuz & aveig-nent de jour en autre as pochiens de di9ses lieux p lappropriacion [des fcn frees de inesmes les lieux, accordez est & assentuz qen chescune licence desore a faire en la Chauncellarie dap-propriacion1] dascune esglise pochielle, soit expssement contenuz & compris q le Diocesan del lieu, en lappropriacion de tielx esglises ordeine solonc la value de tielx esglises une covenable s5me dargent destre paiez & distributz annuelment des fruitz & pfitz de mesmes les esglises p ceux qa9ont les dees eglises en ppre oeps & p lour successours as povres parochiens des dees esglises en eide de lour vivre & sustenance a toutz jours; & q le Viker soit auxint bien & covenablement dowez.

Item, because divers damages and vi. [hindrances1] oftentimes have hap-pened, and daily do happen to the provision shall parishioners of divers places, by the ^edf^e appropriation of benefices of the same vicar, places; it is agreed and assented, that in every licence from henceforth to be made in the Chancery, of the appropriation of any parish church, it shall be expressly contained and comprised, that the diocesan of the place, upon the appropriation of such churches, shall ordain, according to the value of such churches, a convenient sum of money to be paid and distributed yearly of the fruits and profits of the same churches, by those that shall have the said churches in proper use, and by their successors, to the poor parishioners of the said churches, in aid of their living and sustenance for ever; and also that the vicar be well and sufficiently endowed.

1 Interlined on the roll.

16 RICHARD II. A.D. 1392-3.

b mir.noe htoB.

le Item come les Coes du Roialme en cest psent plement eient monstrez a nfe fsredoute I. le Roi grevousement

Jttatuta De 3mto gejrto Dcrimo.

STATUTE of the Sixteenth Year.

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. II. m. 6.

-VT re (T le Roi Richard second puis le Conquest a son plement tenuz a Wyncestr en les oeptaves de Seint Hiller lan de son Regne seszisme, ad ordeine & establi Steines choses de lassent de son dit plement en la fourme qensuitw

/^iUR lord the King, Richard the ^ Second, after the conquest, at his Parliament holden at Winchester in the utas of St. Hillary, the sixteenth year of his reign, hath ordained and stablished, by the assent of his Parliament, certain things in the form following.

Item, whereas the commons of the Recita^iat

realm in this present Parliament have remedy to

shewed to our redoubted lord the rec?Ufr

A sentatooni to


260

16 Richard II.

A.D. 1392-3.

benefices is in King, grievously complaining, that cour^and that whereas the said our lord the King,

the execution and all his liege people, ought of thereof is by . , , , c i J . 6 .

the bishop. right, and of old time were wont to

sue in the Kings court, to recover their presentments to churches, prebends, and other benefices of Holy Church, to the which they had right to present, the cognisance of plea of which [presentment1] belongeth only to the King's court of the old right of his crown, used and approved in the time of all his progenitors Kings of England; and when judgement shall be given in the same court upon such a plea and [presentment,1] the archbishops, bishops, and other spiritual persons which have institution of such benefices within their jqrisdic-tion, be bound, and have made execution of such judgements by the King's commandments of all the time aforesaid without interruption, for another, lay-person, [cannot2] make such execution, and also be bound of right to make execution of many other of the King's commandments, of which right the crown of England hath been peaceably seised, as well in the time of our said lord the King that now is, as in the time of all his That the Pope progenitors till this day: But now of praeg^and divers processes be made by the

sentences of [Bishop of Rome8] and censures of ex-excommnnica- . .. , . , .

tion against communication upon certain bishops

wt^nWAops of England, because they have made jad^aentong execution of such commandments, to the open disherison of the said crown, and proposed' and destruction of (*) our said lord jraktes oS of King, his law, and all his realm, the realm, or if remedy be not provided: And also toMoAer1^ ft ft said, and a common clamour is made, that the said [Bishop of Rome5] hath ordained and purposed to translate some prelates of the same realm,

1 suit 2 may not

3 Holy Father the Pope

4 the regaltie of

6 Father the Pope

compleignantz, q pla ou mesme nre (T le Roy & toutz ses liges deivent de droit & soloient de tout temps pur-seuer en la Courte mesme nre #r le Roi, p* recover lour psentementz as Esglises pbendes & au?s benefices de seinte Esglise as queux ils ount droit a psenter, la conisance de plee de quelle prseute apptient soulement a Courte mesme nre (r le Roy, daun-ciene droit de sa coronne use & approve en temps de touz ses pgenito's Rois Dengle?re, & qant juggement soit rendu en mesme sa Courte s' tiel plee & prseute, les Ercevesqs Evesqnes & au?s psones spueles qount insti-tucion de tiele benefice deinz lour jurisdiction sont tenuz & ont fait execucion des tieux juggementz p mandement des Rois, de tout le temps avantdit sanz intrupcion, qare autre lay psone ne poet tiele execucion faire, & auxint sont tenuz de droit de faire execucion de plusors au?s mandementz nre iT le Roi, de quele droit la Corone Denglefre ad este peisiblement seisy sibien en temps nre dit f* le Roi come en temps de touz ses ggenitors tanq, enca; Mes ore tarde dieses pcesses sont faitz p le seint piere le Pape & sensures descomengement s1 Steins Evesques Denglefre prceo qils ount fait execucion des tieux mandementz en o$te desheritance de la dite corone & destruction de regalie nfe dit fr le Roi, sa Lay & tout son Roialme, si remede ne soit mys: et auxint dit est & coe clamo* yad q le dit seint piere le Pape ad ordeigne & prpose de t^nslater aucuns plates de mesme

16 Richard II.

261

le Roialme, ascans hors du Roialme k aucuns de un Eveschee a autre deinz mesme le Roialme, saunz assent k conisance nfe (T le Roy & saunz assent du plat q ensy Uroit t»nslate queux platz sont moult pfitables & necessaires a nre dit (T le Roi & tout son Roialme; p queux t*nslacions sils fusent sufertz les estatutz du Roiaume §ront defaitz & anientez, k ses sages lieges de son conseitt sanz son assent & encountre sa vo-luntee subtrez & esloignez hors de son Roiaume, & lavoir k tresore du Roiaume Sroit emporte, & ensi mesme le Roiaume destitut sifcn de counseiH come d avoir a final destruction de mesme le Roialme; & ensy la Corone Dengle?re qad este si frank de tout temps qele nad hieu nuH ?rien so9-aigne, mes immediate subgit a Dieu en toutes choses tuchantz la regalie de mesme la Corone & a nuH autre, Sroit submuys a Pape & les leys & estatutz du Roialme p luy defaitz & anientez a sa volente, en ppetuele destruction de la so9aynte nre fr le Roy, sa Corone & sa regalie & tout son Roialme, q Dieu defende: et disoient outre les Coes avantdites q les dites choses ensi attemptez sount ovtement encountre la corone nre fr le Roi & sa regalie use & approve du temps du touz ses pgeni-UFs; P quoy ils k touz les lieges cues du mesme le Roialme veullent estere ovec nre dit fT le Roy k sa dee corone k sa regalie en les cases avantdites k en touz auts cases at-

some out of the realm, and some from one bishoprick into another within the same realm, without the King's assent and knowledge, and without the assent of the prelates, which so shall be translated, which prelates be much profitable and necessary to our said lord the King, and to all his realm; by which translations, if they should be suffered, the statutes of the realm should be defeated and mado void; and his said liege sages of his council, without his assent, and against his will, carried away and gotten out of his realm, and the substance and treasure of the realm shall be carried away, and so the realm destitute as well of council as of substance, to the final destruction of the same realm; and so the crown of England, which hath been so free at all times, that it [hath been in no earthly subjection,1] but immediately subject to God in all things touching the regalty of the same crown, and to none other, should be submitted to the Pope, and the laws and statutes of the realm by him defeated and avoided at his will, in perpetual destruction of the sovereignty of the King our lord, his crown, his regalty, and of all his realm, which God defend: And moreover, the commons aforesaid say, that the said things so attempted be clearly against the King's crown and his regalty, used and approved of the time of all his progenitors; wherefore they and all the liege commons of the same realm will stand with our said lord the King, and his said crown, and his regalty, in the | cases aforesaid, and in all other cases | attempted against him, his crown,

and his regalty in all points, to live | and to die; and moreover they pray the King, and him require by way of

temptez encountre luy sa corone k sa regalie en tOutz pointz a vivre k mrer;

k prvereut a nre fr le Roy & lay ' jUHtice> that be would «*all

: . . A .. -x , the lords in the Parliament, as well

requiatrent p voy de justice qu vorroit

examiner touz les f?s en plement sibn j 1 hath been in ^abjection to no realm.

The danger

therefrom to the freedom of the crown of England.

The prom if# of the common# to aaeift the King in defence of the liberties of his orown.

262

16 Richabd II.

A.D. 1392 — 3.

Hie like promise of the lords temporal.

The promise of the lords spiritual present;

spiritual as temporal severally, and all the states of the Parliament, how they think of the cases aforesaid, which be so openly against the King's crown, and in derogation of his re-galty, and how they will stand in the same cases with our lord the King, in upholding the rights of the said crown and regalty: Whereupon the lords temporal so demanded, have answered every one by himself, that the cases aforesaid be clearly in derogation of the King's crown, and of his regalty, as it is well known, and hath been of a long time known, and that they will [be1] with the same crown and regalty in these cases specially, and in all other cases which shall be attempted against the same crown and regalty in all points, with all their power: And moreover it was demanded of the lords spiritual there being, and the procurators of others being absent, their advice and will in all these cases; which lords, that is to say, the archbishops, bishops, and other prelates, being in the said Parliament severally examined, making protestations, that it is not their mind to [deny,2] nor affirm, that [the Bishop of Rome8] may not excommunicate bishops, nor that he may make translation of prelates after the law of Holy Church, answered and said, that if any executions of processes made in the Bang's court, as before, be made by any, and censures of excommunications [to be4] made against any bishops of England, or any other of the King's liege people, for that they have made execution of such commandments, and that if any executions of such translations be made of any prelates of the same realm, which [prelates6] be very profitable and necessary to our said lord the

1 stand 8 say

3 our Holy Father the Pope

*be 1 lords

spueles come temporeles se9aJment & touz les estatz du plement, coxnent lor semble des cases av»ntditz q sount si o9tement encountre la corone nre f* le Roi & en derogacion de sa regalie, & coment ils voillent estre en mesmes les cases ovesq, nre le Roy en sustenance des droitz de ses ditz oorone & regalie: Sur quoy les f's temporelx ensi demandez ount respondu checun p soy, q mesmes les cases avantditee sont o9tement en derogacion de la Corone nre fT le Roy & de sa regalie come notoirement est & ad este de tout temps conuz, et q ils veullent estre ovec mesmes les Corone & regalie en mesmes cestes cases en especial & en touz aufs cases q Sront attempted encountre mesmes les Corone & regalie en toutz pointz ove tout lor poair: et outre ce demandez estoit des iTs espuels & illeqs esteantz & des pcu-rators des au& absentz de lour estre avys & volente en ceux cases, queux #rs cestassavoir Ercevesqs Evesqs & au& plates esteantz en le dit plement se9alment examinez, fesantz ptesta-cions qil nest pas lour entencion de [dire1] ne affermer q nre Seint Piere le Pape ne poet exqomenger Evesques ne quil poet feire translacions des platz solonc la ley de Seinte Esglise, respoignent & diount q si aucunes execucions des gcesses faitz en la Courte du Roi come dev*nt soient faitz p ascuny, & censures de esco-mengementz soient faitz encountre ascun Evesqj Dengle?re ou ascun autre liege du Roi prce qils ount fait execution des tieux maundementz, et q si aucuns execucions des tieux t*nsla-cions soient faitz dascuns platz de mesme le Roialme queux f*s sount moult pfitables & necessairs a nfe dit

j f dier old printed copies.

\dire Rot. Parl. nu. 20.

263

frle Roi & a son Roiaume suisdit, on q ses Sages lieges de son connseil saonz son assent & encountre sa volunte soient sustretz & esloignez hors du Roial me, siq, l&voir & tresor du Roi&lme pnroit estre destruit, q ce est encountre le Roy & sa Corone sicome est continuz en la peticion avant nome: & sembla-blement les ditz pcurato's chescun p soy examine sr le ditz matieres ount respondu & dit en noun & pr lour lrs come les ditz Evesqs ount dit & respondu, & q les ditz frs espueles veullent & deivent estere ovesq, le Roy ore fr en ceux cases loialment en sustenance de sa Corone & en touz ants cases touchantz sa corone & re-galie come ils sount tenuz p lour ligeance: Sur quoy nre dit (r le Roy del assent av»ntdit & a la priere de sa dit coe ad ordeigne & establie, q si ascun prchace ou prsue ou face p'chacer ou prsner en la Courte de Rome ou aillours ascuns tieux t^nslacions pcesses & sentences de escomengementz bulles instrumentz ou autre chose qconq q touche le Roi nre f* encountre luy sa corone & regalie ou son Roialme come dev*nt est dit, & ceux q les porte deinz le Roialme ou les resceive ou face ent notification ou autre execu-cion qconq deinz mesme le Roialme ou dehors, soient ils lour notairs pcu-rators meinteno's abbetto's (auto's & conseilh/s mys hors de la pteccion nre dit f1' le Roy, & lours Ires & tenements biens & chatieux forfaitz au Roy nre V; & qils soient attacfaez p lour corps feils [front estre trovez & axnesnez dev*nfc le Roy & son Conseil pr y respondre es cases av*ntditz, ou q pcesse aoit fait de3s eux p pmunire

King, and to his said realm, or that [the sage people1] of his council, without his assent, and against his will, be removed and carried out of the realm, so that the substance and treasure of the realm may be consumed, that the same is against the King and his crown, as it is contained in the petition before named: And likewise the same procurators, every one by himself examined upon the said matters, have answered and said in the name, and for their lords, as the said bishops have said and answered, and that the said lords spiritual will and ought to [be2] with the King in these cases [in lawfully maintaining8] of his crown, and in all other cases touching his crown and his regalty, as they be bound by their ligeance: Whereupon our said lord the King, by the assent aforesaid, and at tho request of his said commons, hath ordained and established, that if any purchase or pursue, or cause to be purchased or pursued in the court of Rome, or elsewhere, [by any4] such translations, processes, and sentences of excommunications, bulls, instruments, or any other things whatsoever, which touch the King (s) against him, his crown, and his regalty, or his realm, as is aforesaid, and they which bring within the realm, or them receive, or make thereof notification or any other execution whatsoever within the game realm or without, that they, their notaries, procurators, maintainerg, abettors, fautors, and counsellors, shall be put out of the King's protection, and their lands and tenements, goods and chattels, forfeit to our lord the King; and that they be attached by their bodies, if they may be found, and brought before the King and bis council, there to answer to the cases aforesaid, or that process be made against them

1 his sage men 1 ntsuvi

lawfully in maintaining 4 auy

6 our Lord, 4 tkm

and of the proctors of the lords spiritual absent

Pnsmunire for purchasing translations, bulls, or any other instruments from Home, or elsewhere.

264

16 Richard II.

A.D. 1392-3.

VI.

The Statute 13 Ric. II. 8t 2. ch. 1. recited; so much thereof as relates to the terms of charters of pardon confirmed;

So much as relates to the passing of pardons, and to persons soliciting them, repealed.

by praemunire facias, in manner as it is ordained in other statutes of provisors, and other which do sue [in any other court1] in derogation of the regalty of our lord the King.

Item, whereas in an article of a statute made in the Parliament holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the feast of St. Hillary, the thirteenth year of the [reign2] that now is, it waS ordained and granted, that no charter of pardon from thence should be allowed before any justices, for murder, death of a man slain by await, assault, or malice prepensed, treason, or rape of a woman, if [it8] were not specified in the same charter. And if any charter of the death of man were alledged before any justices, in which charter was not specified, that he of whose death any such was arraigned, was murthered, or slain by await, assault, or malice prepensed, the justices should inquire, by a good inquest of the visne where the dead person was slain, if he were murthered or slain by await, assault, or malice prepensed, and if they should find that he was murdered or slain by await, assault, or malice prepensed, the charter should be disallowed, and moreover done as the law should require; which things our lord the King doth will and grant, that they shall be firmly holden and kept: And moreover, by the assent of the lords in this present Parliament, and at the prayer of the commons, he hath ordained and granted, that the residue of the said article shall be wholly out, repealed, and adnulled;

that is to say; jflere follows a quotation of the residue'of 13 Ric. 2. Stat. 2. c. l.J Because that the said commons of the realm sithence have perceived great

1 in the court of another 2 King

3 the same murder, death of the man slain by await, assault, or malice prepensed, treason, or rape of a woman, St. 13 Ric. II.

fac en maSe come est^ordeigne en au%s estatutz des gvisors & au?s qui seuent en autry Courte en derogacion de la regalie nre iT le Roy.

Item come en un article dun est&tut fait a plement tenuz a Westm lunedy gchein aps le fest de seint Hiller lan xiijme n?e (T le Roy qore est, ordeigne fuist & g*unte q nulle chre de pdon delors §roit allowe dev»nt qconques Justices, pr murdre mort de home occys p agaite assaut ou malice prpense treson ou rape de feme, si mesme le murdre ou mort de home occys p agait assaute ou malice prpense treson ou rape de feme ne feussent especifiez en mesme la chre: et si chre de mort de home feusse alegge dev*nt qconqes Justices, en quelle chre ne feusse especifiez q celuy de qi mort ascune til feusse arrene feusse murdre ou occys p agait assaut ou malice prpense, enquergeroient les Justices p bone enqueste del visne ou le mort feust occys ail feust murdre ou occys p agaite assaut ou malice p'pense, et sils troe9ent qil feust murdre ou occys p agaite assaut ou malice prpense §roit la chre disallowe & outre fait solonc ceo q la ley demaunderoit; les queux choses nre ir le Roy voet & g*nte qils soient fermement tenuz & gardez: & outre de lassent des fr» en cest psent plement & a la prier de sa dit coe ad ordeigne & gaunte q le remenant du dit article soit de tout ouste repelle

& adnulle, cest assavoire; {Here follows a quotation of the residue of 13 Ric. 2. Stat.2. c.l.J prceo q la dee Coe du Roi-

alme puis encea ount sentu moult g*nt

16 Richard IL

265

grevance del ordinance avantdite, a cause q pluso's gentz p malice ount endite dieses psonnes de murdre mort de home occys p agait assaut & malice prpense & treson, ou en 9ite le cas ne feust pas tiel a fyn q nuft home osereit prier a nfe (r le Roy pr tile chre.

grievance of this ordinance aforesaid, for that many people for malice have indicted divers persons of murder, death of a man slain by await, assault and malice prepensed, and treason, where in truth there was no such cause, to the intent that no man should be bold to sue to the King our lord for such charter.

17 RICHARD II. A.D. 1393-4.

&tatuta be anno

STATUTES of the

Ex Rot Stat. in Turr. Loud. II. m. 5.

/"1ES sont les choses ordeignez & ^ establiz p nfe iT le Roi a son plement a Westm al quinzeine de Seint Hillef Ian de son Regne dys & septisme, p assent du dit plement les queiles il voet & comande qils soient ferraement tenuz & gardez solonc la prport dicelles.

* Item q qant gentz sont faitz venir devant le Counseil du Roi, ou en la Chancellarie p briefs founduz sur suggestions nient vrais,q leChanceller pur le temps esteant maintenant aps q tielx suggestions sont duement trovez & pvez nient 9itables, eit poair dordeigner & agarder damages solonc sa discrecioh a celuy qest issint t^vaillez noun duement come desuis.



Item coment qa plement tenuz a Westm lan du Regne nfe (r le Roi qore est quint, pur ceo q villeins & auia meffesours tard deva-nt leverent p assembleea & outrageouse nombre

tJerimo sleptuno.

Seventeenth Year.

rpHESE be the things ordained and established by our lord the King at his Parliament holden at Westminster the fifteenth day of Saint Hillary, the seventeenth year of his reign, by the assent of the said Parliament, which he doth will and command, that they shall be firmly holden and kept after the purport of the same.

* Item, forasmuch as people be compelled to come before the King's council, or in the Chancery by writs grounded upon untrue suggestions; that the chancellor for the time being, presently after that such suggestions be duely found and proved untrue, shall have power to ordain iind award damages according to his discretion, to him which is so troubled unduely, as afore is said.

* Item, whereas at the Parliament holden at Westminster, the [tenth1] year of the reign of our sovereign lord the King that now is; forasmuch as villains and other offenders of late [have2] risen by assemblies

> fifth * had

VI.

On untrue suggestions before the council, or in Chancery, damages may be awarded.

vm.

The Statute 5 Ric. II. st 1. ch. 7, against riots, &c. recited.

266

17 Richabd £L

A.D. 1393-4.

Such riots prohibited, and sheriffs required to suppress them by the power of the county.'

and outrageous number in divers parties of the realm, against the King's dignity and his crown, and the laws of his land; it was straitly defended by the King to all manner of people, that none from [henceforthx] should make, or begin again such riot or rumour, nor other like; and if any man did, and that duly proved, he should be taken as a traytor to the King and his realm: Nevertheless a grievous complaint was made to our sovereign lord the King in this present Parliament, that divers people not having consideration to the said defence, as well in the counties of Chester, Lancaster, and elsewhere in England, have made such assemblies in outrageous manner, to accomplish their malice against the King's peace, his crown, his dignity, and the laws of his land: Wherefore our sovereign lord the King in this present Parliament hath defended to all [the2] liege people, as well lords as other, of whatsoever estate that they be, that none shall make such assemblies, riot, or rumour against the peace in no wise; and if any such assembly be begun as soon as the sheriffs and other the King's ministers may thereof have knowledge, they with the strength of the county and country, where such case shall happen, shall set disturbance against such malice with all their power, and shall take such offenders, and them put in prison, till due execution of the law be of them made; and that all lords and other liege people of the realm, shall be attending (*) with all their strength and power to the sheriffs and ministers aforesaid (4). 1

1 thenceforth 3 and aiding

2 his

4 in such case

en dieses pties de Roialme, encontre la Dignitee nre fT le Roi & sa Corone & les Leies de sa Sre, defendu fuist p nre iT le Roi estroitement a touz mafis dez gentz q nul delors ferroit ou recomenceroit tielx riot ou rumo* naufe semblables, et si nully le ferroit & ceo gve duement froit frit de luy come de traito* au Roi & son Roialme: Nientmeins grevouse pleint fuist frit a nre dit fT le Roi en cost psent plement, q di9ses gentz nient eiantz consideration a dit defense, sibien en les Countees de Cestre Lancastre & aillours en EngleSre, ont faitz tielx assemblees en out^geouse nombre pur accomplir lour malice encontre la pees nfe #r le Roi, sa Corone & sa Dignite & les Leies de sa ?re: P quoi nfe (T le Roi en cest psent plement ad defendu a touz ses lieges sifcn fa come auSs de qecunq, estat qils soient q null free tielx assemblees riot ou rumo3* encontre la pees en nul mafie; et si ascun tiel assemble soit 'comen-ceant a pluis tost q Viscontz & auts Ministres le Roi poent ent avoir conissance, ove la force du Countee & pais ou tiel cas aviegne mettent destourbance encontre tiel malice ove tout lour poair, & pignent tielx meffesours & les mettent en prisone tanq, due execucion de leie soit fait de eux; & q touz fa & au?s liges du Roialme soient entendantz & aidantz de tout lour force & poair as Viscontz & Ministres avantditz en tiel cas.



( 267 )

STATUTES OE KING HENRY THE FOURTH.

1 HENRY IV. A.D. 1399.

hi margin

fiMuli.

tatntam tie &mo p{mo.

STATUTE of the First Year.

Ex Rot Stat. in Turr. Loud. III. m. 20.



Item aufyn q nfe difc (T le Roi en

temps avenir ne soit deceux en ses g»untes ou douns annuels on en fee, ou en acunes offices p lui a doners fairs ou gHmters, il voet de lassent des frs espirituelx & temporelx sos-ditz & a la request des ditz Coes estre conseillez p les sages de son conseil es choses touchantz lestat de lui & de son Roialme, sauvant toutfoitz sa libtee; & voet & ad ordeinez & establiez de lassent s9ditz, q toutz ceux qi desore enavant demanderont du Roi fres tentz rentes offices an-nuitees ou au?s pfitz qeconqes, facent exps.se mendon en lour petidons de la value de la chose end a demander, et auxi de ce qils ont eue du doun de Roi ou des aufs ses pgenitours ou pdecessours pdevant. Et en cas qils ne facent tiel mendon en lour ditz petieions & ce duement pve soient les Ires patentes du Roi ent faites nient vaillables, ne de nuB force neffect, Mais de tout revokez repellez t adnullez pr touz jours, au punisse-ment de ceux qend ont fait tiel decdt au Roi, come ceux qi ne sont pas dignes denjoier leffect & fenfice des Ires patentes a eux g*untez cell© ptie.



Item, to the intent that our said lord the King in time to come shall not be deceived in his grants or gifts, annual or in fee, or in any offices by him to be given, made, or granted, he will, by the assent of the lords spiritual and temporal aforesaid, and at the request of the said commons, be counselled by the wise men of his council in things touching the estate of him and of his realm, saving always his liberty; also he hath ordained and stablished by the assent aforesaid, that all they which from henceforth do demand of the King, lands tenements rents offices annuities, or any other profits, shall make express mention in their petitions of the value of the thing so to be demanded, and also of that which they have had of the King's gift, or of other his progenitors or predecessors before. And in case they make not such mention in their said petitions, and that duely proved, the King's letters patents thereof made shall not be available, nor of any force nor effect, but wholly revoked, repealed, and adnulled for ever; to the punishment of them which so have done deceit to the King, as they that be not worthy to enjoy the effect and benefit of the letters patents to them granted in this behalf

VI.

In petition! to the King for lands, offices, &o. c. the value thereof shall be mentioned.



I



JL,

i;-

3*

'i'-

ll.

Recital of the Statute 1 Hen. IV. chapter 6. respecting grants of the King.

268

AJ). 1400-1.

2 HENRY IY. A.D. 1400-1.

&tatutttm he amto S'c'tio.

STATUTE of the Second Year.

At the Parliament holden at in the utas of St. Hillary, the second year of the reign of King Henry the Fourth, the same our lord the King, by the assent of the prelates, dukes, earls, and barons, and at the special instance and request of the commons assembled at this present Parliament, hath caused to be ordained and stablished certain statutes and ordinances in form following.

Item, whereas in the last Parliament of our sovereign lord the King that now is, amongst other things it was ordained and stablished, that all they which from henceforth shall demand of the King, lands, tenements, rents, [or fees,1] annuities, or any other profits, should make express mention in their petitions of the value of the thing so to be demanded, and also of that that they have had of the gift of the King, or of other his progenitors or predecessors before; and in case they did not make such mention in their said petitions, and that duly proved, the King's letters patents should not be available to them, nor of no force nor effect, but wholly revoked, repealed, and adnulled for ever, to the punishment of them which had done such deceit to the King, as they that be not worthy to enjoy the effect and benefit of the letters patents to them granted in this behalf: Our said sovereign lord the King considering, that a great part of the said statute

1 offices,

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Loud. III. m. 19,18,17.

U plement tenuz a Westm en les Oetaves de Seint Hiller lan du reigne le Roy Henry le quart puis le Conquest second, mesme nre £ le Roy del assent des Prelatz Ducz Conte & Barons & a les espalx instance & request des Coes assemblez a cest psent plement, ad fait ordeigner & establir Steins estatutz & ordinances en la forme qenseut.


Item come en le darrein plemet de

mesme nre le Roy entre au?s choses ordeignez feust & establiz, q toutz ceux qi delors enavant demanderoient du Roy ires tentz rentz offices annuitees ou autres pfitz quelconqes ferroient expsse mencion en leur peticions de la value de la chose ensi a demandere, & auxi de ce qils avoient eue du doun du Roy ou des autres ses pgenitours ou pdecessours pdevant; Et en cas qils ne ferroient tiele mencion en leur dees peticions & ce duement gve, Sroient les Ires patentes du Roy nient variables ne de null force neffect, mays de tout revokez repellez & adnullez pur toutz jours au punisse-ment de ceux qensi avoient fait tiel deceit au Roy come ceux qi ne sont pas dignes denjoier leffect & fcnfice des Ires patentes a eux g*untez cette ptie: Nre f* le Roy considerant q le dit estatut est trop dure pr sea lieges

In i

RotutL

2 Hestrt IY.

269

en gHmde ptie, & p taut ent veuDant p^oir de remede, de ses ppre voluntee & Steine science ad g*nte de faire g*ce & pardon a ceux qi le veollent prsuir de qant qils se ont mespris en leur p'&uite encontre la forme da dit estatut. Et enoatre mesme nre (* le Roy p* ouster toutes ambiguitees celle ptie, prce q mesme lestatut est molt obscure & embosoigne declaration, espalment p* ease & quiete de son poeple, voet & gante q toutz ceux qi desore enavant prsueroit a mesme nre f* le Roy pr avoir de luy aucun gante ou doun annuel ou en fee ou autre-ment facent expsse mencion en leur peticion de qant qils ont eue des doun & g*unte de luy noble Roi Edward Aiel nre dit fT le Roy, ou de Richard nadgairs Roy, ou de Edward nadgairs Prince de Gales, ou de Johan nadgairs Due de Lancastre piere nre dit f* le Roy, ou de Roy mesmes; & de nul autre pgenito7 ou pdeceasour mesme nre f* le Roy. Et celuy qi ne face tide mencion en sa peticion q les Ires patentea a luy faites a cel temps p nre dit fT le Roy soient de nul force neffect. Et enoatre q*nt a les pols Cestassa? autres gfitz comprises en le dit estatut, mesme nre & le Roy ad dedarrez k gHintez q de nulles pfitz douns biens ou chateux ou autres chases qudoonqes g*ntez ou donez p mesme nre f* le Boy a ascany a la value de Cent li9es ou dedpnz, fanpris gardes & manages | des queux le Roy voet q eduy qensi p%oen de9» Ivy face expsse menckm en sa pefaku, k de la value dioefe

is very hard for his liege people, and for so much willing thereof to provide remedy, of his own will and certain knowledge hath granted to do grace and pardon to those that will pursue, of as much as they have mistaken them-sdves in their suit against the form of the said statute. And moreover the same our sovereign lord the King, to exdude all ambiguities in this behalf, because that the same statute is very obscure, and hath need of declaration, specially for ease and qaietness of his people, will and granteth, that all they which from henceforth do sue to the same our sovereign lord the King, to have of him any grace or [yearly gift,1] or in fee or otherwise, shall make express mention in their petition, of how much they have had of the gift and grant of the noble King Edward, grandfather to our sovereign lord the King, or of Richard late King, or of Edward late Prince of Wales, or of John late Duke of Lancaster, father of our sovereign lord the King, or of the King himself, and of none other progenitor or predecessor of the same our sovereign lord. And he that maketh not such mention in his petition, his letters patents made to him at [the same*] time by our sovereign lord the King, shall be of no force nor effect. And moreover as to the words, that is to say, " other profits " comprised in the said statute, our sovereign lord the King bath declared and granted, that of no profits, gifts, goods, or chattels, or any other things granted or given by the same our sovereign lord the King to any, to the value of C li. or within, except wards and marriages, of which the King will that he, which so shall I sue to him, shall make express mention in his petition of the value

'riKmumml

2 that MS: Tr 2.

Exposition thereof aa to mention of former gmntf of the King. *©.

2 Henry IV.

AJ). 1400-1.

m.

Hie Statute of Provisors,

13 Ric.ILst. 2. c. 2, 3. extended.

IV.

All persons purchasing bulls to be discharged of tithes, shall incur the penalties of 18 Ric.ILst2, c. 2, 3.

270

of the same, none shall incur the pain comprised in the said statute. And it is not the King's mind, that for any confirmation or licence made to any by our said sovereign lord the King, of any liberties, franchises, annuities, or any other things granted by any of his progenitors or predecessors or other person, and not specified in any petition, so to be demanded otherwise than above is declared, none shall incur the pain of the said statute. And as to the other articles comprised in the same statute, our said sovereign lord will that they be firmly holden and kept and put in due execution.

Item, it is ordained and stablished, that if any provision be made by [the Bishop of Rome1] to any person of religion, or to any other person, to be exempt of obedience regular, or of obedience ordinary, or to have any office perpetual within houses of religion, or as much as one regular person of religion, or two or more, have in the same; that if such provisors from henceforth do accept or enjoy any such provision, they shall incur the pains comprized in the Statute of Provisors, made in the xiij. year of King Richard the Second.

Item, for as much as our lord the King, upon grievous complaint to him made in this Parliament, hath perceived, that the religious men of the order of [Cisteaux *] in the realm of England, have purchased certain bulls to be quit and discharged to pay [the ] tithes of their lands, tenements, and possessions let to form, or [manured, or1 2 * 4] occupied by other persons than by themselves, in great prejudice and derogation of the liberty of Holy Church, and of many

1 our Holy Fader the Pope MS. Tr. 2.

2 Cisteux or Charterhouse MS. Tr. 2.

8 their MS. Tr. 2.

4 cultivated and

nully encourge la peine comprise en le dit estatut. Et nest pas len-tencion nfe dit (T le Roy q p* ascune confirmacion ou licence fait a ascuny p nfe dit (T le Roy des ascuns lifctees franchises annuitees, ou autres choses quielconqes, p ascun de ses ggenitours ou pdecessours ou autre psone quel-conqe gauntez & nient especifiez en aucune petition ensi a demandere autrement q desuis est declarez, nulluy encourge la peine de lestatut suisdit Et qant as auYs articles comprises en mesme lestatut nfe dit f r le Roy voet qils soient fermement tenuz & gardez & mys en due execucion.

Item ordeignez est & establiz q si aucune g vision soit fait p nfe Seint Pier le Pape a aucune psone de Religion ou a autre psone quelconque, destre exempte dobedience regulere ou dobedience ordinaire, ou davoir aucune office ppetuel deinz maisons de religion, ou atant come une regulere psone religiouse ou deux ou pleusours ont en ycelles, q si tiels gvisours desore enavant acceptent ou enjoient aucune tiele pvision, qils encourgent les peynes comprisez en lestatut des gvisours fait lan treszisme le Roy Richard second/

Item porce q nfe f* le Roy s* grevouse compleint a luy fait en cest plement* ad entenduz q les religiouses hSmes de lordre de Cisteux del Roialme DengleYre ont p*chaoez Steines bulles destre quitz & des-chargiez de leur dismes paler de leur Sres tentz & possessions lessez a feme ou cultivez & occupiez p autres psones q p eux meames, en g*nt pjudice & derogation de la liftte de seinte esglise & des pleuseurs lieges

271

da Roialme: Nfe fT le Roi veullant sr ceo pryoir de remede de lad vis & assent des toutz les frs espirituelx & temporelx & al instance & request des ditz coes ad ordeignez & establiz, q les religiouses de lordre de Cisteux estoisent en lestat qils feurent devant le temps des tielx bulles prchacez. Et q sifcn ceux du dit ordre come toutz autres religiouses & seculers de quel estat ou condicion qils soient, qi mettent les dees bulles en execucion, ou desore en avant purchacent au?s tielx bulles de novel, ou p colour des mesmes les bulles purchacez ou a purchacers pignent avantage en aucune maSe, q pees soit fait de9s eux & chescun de eux p gamisment de deux moys p brief de pmunire fee; Et sils facent defaut ou soient atteintz, qils encourgent les peines & forfeitures comprises en lestatut des pvisours fait lan xiijme le Roy Richard suisdit.

Item porce q s* 9edit trove devftnt quelconque Justice en assise de novel disseisine mort dauncestre ou autre accion quelconque, les pties dev*nt ces heures ont este adjoumez sur difficulte en loye sur la matire issint trovez, ordeignez est & establiz q si le dit 9edit passe encontre le pleintif, q mesme le pleintif ne soit nounsuy.

liege people of the realm: Our lord the King willing thereupon to ordain remedy, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the instance and request of the said commons, hath ordained and stablished, that the religious persons of the order of [Cisteaux1] shall stand in the estate that they were before the time of such bulls purchased; and that as well they of the said order, as all other religious and seculars, of what estate or condition they be, which do put the said bulls in execution, or from henceforth do purchase other such bulls of new, or by colour of the same bulls purchased, or to be purchased do take advantage in any manner, that process shall be made against them and every of them by garnishment of two months by writ of premunire fecias; and if they make default, or be attainted, then they shall incur the pains and forfeitures contained in the Statute of Provisors, made the thirteenth year of the said King Richard.

Item, whereas upon verdict found before any justice in assise of novel disseisin, mortdauncester, or any other action whatsoever, the parties before this time have been adjourned upon difficulty in law upon the matter so found; it is ordained and established, that if the verdict pass against the plaintiff that the same plaintiff shall not be nonsuited

Writ of

praemunire

facias.

VTL In assizes of mortd&on-cestor, See, plaintiffs shall not be nonsuit after verdict.

1 Cisteux or Charterhouse MS, Tr. 2.

4 HENRY IV. A.D. 1402.

272

A.D. 1402.

&tatuta tie anno quarto* £

STATUTES of the Fourth Yeas.

xrr.

St. 15 Ric. IL

c. 6, touching the appropriation of churches, confirmed.

Church of

TTaHpnhftTn

appropried to archdeaconry of Ely.

rTIO the honour of God and Holy Church, and for the common wealth and profit of all the realm of England, our lord the King, by the assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the special instance and request of the commons, assembled at the Parliament holden at Westminster the morrow after the feast of St. Michael, the fourth year of his reign, hath ordained and stablished certain statutes and ordinances by the manner as folioweth.

Item, it is ordained (1), that the Statute of Appropriation of Churches, and of the Endowment of Vicars in the same, made the fifteenth year of King Richard the Second, be firmly holden and kept, and put in due execution: And if any church be [appropriated by licence of the said King Richard, or of our lord the King that now is, sithence the said fifteenth year, against the form of the said statute, the same shall be duly reformed according to the effect of the same statute, betwixt this and the feast of Easter next coming. And if such reformation be not made within the time aforesaid, that the appropriation and licence thereof be made void, and utterly repealed and adnulled for ever; except the church of Hadenham in the diocese of Ely, which, for to eschew divers damages, discords, and debates, that have been before this time

Ex Rot Stat. in Turr. Lond. III. m. 16,15.

A L honr de dieux & de Seinte Esglise & p* les coe bn & gfit de tout le roialme Dengle?re, Nre fr le Roy de lassent des frs espirituelx & temporelx & a les espalx instance & request des coes assemblez au plement tenuz a WestS lendemayn de Seint Michel lan de son regne quart, ad ordeigne & establiz Steins estatuz & ordinances p mafie qenseute.

* # * Item ordeignez est & establiz q lestatut de lappropriacion des esglises & de lendowement des Vicairs en ycelles, fait lan quinzisme le Roy Richard second, soit fermement tenuz & gardez & mys en due execucion: Et si ascune eglise soit approprie, p licence du dit Roy Richard ou de Roy nre fT qorest, puis le dit an xvme contre la forme du dit estatut, q ce soit duement refourmez selonc leffect de mesme lestatut pentre cy & la fest de Pasq> pschein advenir. Et si tiele reformacion ne se face deins le temps suisdit q les appropriacion & licence ent faitz soient voidez & de tout repellez & adnullez pr toutz joTa; forspris lesglise de Hadenham en le diocis Dely la quele, pr eschuire plusors damages discordes & debates qont este devant ces heures pentre

1 and established MS. Tr. 2. * appropied

4 Henry IV.

273

levesq* Dely et lercedeaken Dely, sur lexScise de lor jurisdiction come y feust o9tement declarez p mesme levesq^ en psence de Roi & des en plement nadgairs p licence du Roy nfe fT feust appropriez a lercedeaken Dely & ses successor pr y faire divines §vices hospitalite tenir & autres charges supporter come affiert. Et outre ceo ordeignez est & establiz q toutes les Vicaries uniz annexez ou appropriez, & les licences ent eues puis lan prinl le dit Roy Richard, comfcn q ceux qont uniz annexez ou appropriez tieux Vicaries soient en possession de mesmes les Vicaries ou p vtue des dees licences prront ascune-ment estre en possession dicelles en ascun temps advenir, soient auxint de tout voidez revokez repelles adnullez N. 15. 4: disappropriez pr toutz jours: et q desore enav*nt en chune esglise ensi appropriee ou appropriere une seculere pson soit ordeigne Vikair ppetuel, iustitut & induct canonikement en ycelle & covenablement endowez p la discrecion del Ordinair pr faire divine Svice & enfourmer le poeple & hospi-talitee tenir illeoqes, forspris lesglise de Hadenham suisdee: Et q nul religious ascunement soit fait Vicair en adfcune esglise ensi appropriee [ou appropriere1] p nulle voie en temps advenir.



Item come ordeigne soit p estatut

fait lan vint & quint le dit Roy Edward Aiel n?e dit fr le Roy, q si le Roy ferra collation ou psentement a nulle fcnfice en autri droit q le title sur qi il se fondera Sroit bien examine qil Sroit 9rai; & a quel heure q avant jugge-ment rendu le title soit trove p bone

1 Interlined on the roll.

betwixt the Bishop of Ely and the Archdeacon of Ely, upon the exercise of their jurisdiction, as it was openly declared by the same bishop in presence of the King, and of the lords in Parliament, was of late appropried, by the licence of the King our lord, to the archdeacon and his successors, to do divine service, keep hospitality, and to support other charges as per-taineth. Moreover it is ordained and stablished, that all the vicarages united annexed or appropried, and the licences thereof had, after the first year of the said King Richard, [how well soever1] that they which have united annexed or appropried such vicarages, be in possession of the same vicarages, or by the virtue of such licences may in any wise be in possession of the same in any time to come, they shall be also utterly void, revoked, repealed, adnulled, and disappropried for ever: And that from henceforth in every church so appropried, or to be appropried, a secular person be ordained vicar perpetual, canonically institute and induct in the same, and covenably endowed by the discretion of the ordinary, to do divine service, and to inform the people, and to keep hospitality there, except the church of Hadenham aforesaid: And that no religious be in any wise made vicar in any church so appropried, or to be appropried by any means in time to come.



Item, whereas it is ordained by the Statute made the twenty-fifth year of King Edward, grandfather to our lord the King, that if the King make collation or presentment to any benefice in another's right, that the title whereupon he groundeth him should be well examined that it be true; and at what time, before judgment given, the title be found by good infor-

1 although

S

Appropriations of vicarages made since 1 Ric. II. shall be void.

In every church appropried, a secular person shall be ordained vicar.

YTTT. Recital of 25 Edw. III. st. 6. ch. 3;

274

4 Henry IV.

A.D. 1402.

mation untrue and unjust, the collation or presentment thereof made, shall be repealed and annulled. And St 13 Ric. IL moreover, in a statute made after in

StotoeKing* th time of King Richard) ifc Wft8

presenting to ordained and established, that if the

benefices; King present to any benefice that is

full of any incumbent, that the King's

presentee shall not be received by the

ordinary, till the King hath recovered

his presentment by process of the law

in his own court; and if any presentee

of the King be otherwise received,

and the incumbent put out without

due process, as afore is said, the same

incumbent shall commence his suit

within a year after the induction of

the Q) presentee: Our lord the King

considering the great mischief of the

incumbent in this behalf, hath ordained

and stablished, by the assent aforesaid,

Incumbents put that if any such incumbent be put out

out may sue of his benefice without due process in without limita- .

tionoftime. the manner aforesaid, that the said

incumbent so put out without process,

may .be at large, and sue for his

remedy by the said statute, and begin

his suit in this case at what time shall

please him, within the year, or after,

at his will; and that as well for the

time past, as for the time to come,

notwithstanding the term so limited

by the said statute.

xxm. Item, where as well in plea [real *]

M m Plea personal, after judgment

force until given in the courts of our lord the reversed by m

attaint or error. King, the parties be made to come upon grievous pain, sometime before the King himself, sometime before the Kings council, and sometimes to the Parliament, to answer [there8] of new, to the great impoverishing of the parties aforesaid, and in the subversion of the common law of the land; it is ordained and stablished, that after judgment given in the courts of our lord the King, the parties and their heirs shall be thereof in peace,

1 King's 3 royal 8 thereof

enformacion nient 9roi ne joust soit la collacion ou psentement ent faitz repellez & anientez: et enoutre soit ordeigne & establi en estatut fait aps en temps du Roy Richard q si le Roy psente a ascun benefice qi soit plein dascun incumbent, q le psentee le Roy ne soit resceu g lordinarie tanq, le Roy eit reco9ez son psentement g gees de ley en sa Courte demesne; etsiascune psentee du Roy soit autrement resceu & le incumbent ouste sanz due gees come desuis est dit, comence le dit incumbent sa suyte deinz un an aps la induccion de psentee du Roy: Nre fT le Roy considerant le g»nt meschief du dit incumbent celle ptie, ad ordeignez & establiz de lassent avantdit, q si aucun tiel incumbent soit oustee de son benefice sanz geesse en la ma8e suisdite, q le dit incumbent issint oustee sanz geesse puisse estre a large, & suir remedie p le dit estatut ft comencer sa dee seute en ce cas a quel temps q luy plerra deinz lan ou aps a sa volentee; & ce sifcn p* temps passe come p3* temps advenir nient contres-teant le dit ?me ensi limite p le dit estatut.

Item come sifcn en plee roial^ come gsonel aps juggement renduz en les Courtes nfe fr le Roy, les gties sont faitz venir sur griefe peine a la foith devant le Roy mesmes a la foith de-vant le conseil du Roy & a la foith en plement de ent respondre de novel, a gant anientisement des parties suis-ditz & en sub9sion de la coe loie de la ?re, ordeignez est & establiz qaps juggement rendu en les Courtes nre £ le Roy, les parties & leur heirs en soient en pees, tanq le juggement soit

4 Henry IY.

275

anientiz p atteinte ou p errour si errour y ad come il ad este usez p la loie en temps des pgenitors nfe dit (r le Roy.


until the judgment be undone by attaint or by error, if there be error, as hath been used by the [laws*] in the times of the King's progenitors.

1 lawe MS. Tr. 2.

5 HENRY IY. A.D. 1403-4.

&tatuta tie anno qutato.

STATUTES of the Fifth Year.

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. III. m. 14, 13.

T>UR remedier & recoe^ir pleuseurs meschiefe damages & grevances, monstrez a nfe So9aigne fr le Roy en son plement tenuz a Westm lende-maigne de Seint Hiller, lan de son regne quint, mesme nfe fT le Roi de lad vis & assent des espirituelx & temporelx & a la request des Coes de Bon roiahne Dengletre venuz a dit plement, ad ordeignez & establiz dieses estatutz & ordinances en la fourme qenseute.

Item p* ceo q dieses Conestables des Chatelx deinz le roialme dengletre sont assignez p commissions nfe le Roi Justices de la pees, & p colour des ditz commissions preignent gentz as queux ils sont malveullantz & les emprisonont deinz les ditz Chastelx, tanqils eient fait fyn & raunceon ove les ditz Conestables p* lour deli9ance avoir; ordeignez est & establiz q nully soit emprisonez p ascuns Justices de la pees sinon en coe gaole, savant as (*b & autres qont gaoles lour franchises en ce cas.

XpOR to remedy and redress divers mischiefs, damages, and grievances, shewed to our lord the King in his Parliament holden at Westminster, the morrow after St. Hillary, the fifth year of his reign; the same our lord the King, by the advice and assent of his lords spiritual and temporal, and at the request of his commons of his realm of England, come to the same Parliament, hath ordained and stablished divers statutes and ordinances in the form as follow'eth.

Item, because that divers constables of castles within the realm of England, be assigned to be justices of peace by commission of our lord the King, and by colour of the said commissions they take people, to whom they bear evil will, and imprison them within the said castles, till they have made fine and ransom with the said constables for their deliverance; it is ordained and established, that none be imprisoned by any justice of the peace, but only in the common gaol; saving to lords and other which have gaols their franchise in this case.


X

Justices of peace shall imprison in the common gaol only.

276

5 Henby IV.

A.D. 1403-4.

XI.

Farmers of the lands of aliens shall pay their tithes to the parsons.

n.

The Statute 1 Hen. IV. chapter 6, respecting petitions to the King for lands, See. shall not extend to the Queen nor the princes.

Item, it is ordained and established, that the fermors, and all manner of occupiers of the manors, lands, tenements, and other possessions of aliens, shall pay and be bound to pay, all manner of dismes thereof due to parsons and vicars of Holy Church, in whose parishes the same manors, lands, tenements, and possessions be so assessed and due, as the law of Holy Church requireth, notwithstanding that the said manors, lands, tenements, or other possessions be seized into the King's hands, [or1] notwithstanding any prohibition made or to be made to the contrary.



1 and

Item ordeignez est & establiz q les fermours & Occupiours quelconqea des Manoirs ?res tentz & autres possessions des aliens paient & soient tenuz de paier toutz mafis des dismes ent dues, as Psones & Vicairs de Seint Esglise es quelx poches mesmes les Manoirs ?res tentz ou possessions sont issint assiz & dues, come la loye de Seinte Esglise demande; nient con-tresteant q les ditz Manoirs ires tentz ou autres possessions sont seisiz es mayns nre dit fr le Roy, & nonobstante aucune ghibicion faite ou affaire a contraire.



6 HENRY IV. A.D. 1404.

&tatuta He 3tono

STATUTES of the Sixth Year.


Item, whereas in the Parliament holden at Westminster, in the first year of the reign of our sovereign lord the King that now is, amongst other things it was ordained and stablished, that all those which from that time forth should demand of the King lands, tenements, rents, offices, annuities, or any other profits, should make express mention in their petition of the value of the thing so to be demanded, and also of that that they have had of the King's gift, nr of any of his progenitors and predecessors before him; and in case they made not such mention in their said petitions, and that duly proved, the King's letters patents thereof made

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Loud. Ill\ m. 13.


Item come en le plement tenuz a

Westm lan priffle nre iT le Roi qorest entre auis choses ordeigne fuist & establiz, q toutz ceux q deslors enavant demanderoient du Roy ires tenementz rentes offices annuitees ou autres pfitz queconqes ferroient expsse mencion en lour petitions de la value de la chose ensi ademander & auxi de ceo qils ount ewe de doun du Roi ou des autres ses ggenitours ou pdeces-sours pdevant; Et en cas qils ne firent tiele mencion en lour ditz petitions, & ceo duement pve, slroient les Ires patentz de Roy ent firitz nient

6 Henby IV,

277

I

vaillables ne de nulle force nefFecte, mays de tout revokes repellez & adnullez p* toutz jours, [ove1] punisse-ment de ceux qensi a9oient fait tiel desceit au Roy come ceux qi ne §oient pas dignes denjoier leffect & benefice des tres patentes a eux g*untez celle ptie, nfe dit & le Roy de ladvys & assent suisditz ad ordeignez & de-clarez en mesme ceste plement, q la Roigne ne les fitz du Roi ne nulluy de eux soient ne soit contenuz en la dit estatut, ne restreintz p ycell ademan-der & receiver de doun de Roy Sres tenementz & autres possessions quel-con qes; eins qils & chescun de eux eient & enjoient & ait & enjoie tout ce qils ou aucun de eux ont ou ad de doun ou g*unt du Roi au psent, & qils demanderont ou receiveront ou ascun de eux demandera ou receivera de doun ou g*unte de Roi en temps ad-venir, sanz ent estre molestez ou grevez p 9tue de lestatut avantdit.

1 au St. 1 H. IV. c. 6.

should not be available, nor of no force nor effect, but wholly revoked, repealed, and adnulled for ever, in punishment of those which had done such deceit to the King, as they which [shall1] not be worthy to enjoy the effect and benefit of the King's letters patents to them granted in this behalf: Our said sovereign lord the King, by the advice and assent aforesaid, hath ordained and declared in the same Parliament, that the Queen nor the Kings [son,2] nor none of them be contained in the said statute, nor restrained by the same to demand and receive of the Kings gift, any lands, tenements, or other possessions; but that they and every of them have and enjoy all that they or any of them have of the gift or grant of the King at this present, and that they and every of them may demand and receive of the King's gift or grant hereafter, without being (8) molested or grieved by virtue of the foresaid statute.


1 should 2 sons

5 therof MS. Tr. 2.

7 HENRY IV. A.D. 1405-6.

Hour* &tatut' for anno totj0.

Mi.

STATUTE of the Seventh Year.

Ex Rot. Stat in Tum\ Lond. III. m. 12.

fe £ le Roy a son plement tenuz a Westm le prifle jo* de Marce lan de son regne vijme de ladvis & assent des f*s Espuelx & Temporelx It a la request des coes en mesme le plement ad ordeignez & establiz dieses

/^\UR lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Westminster the first day of March, the seventh year of his reign, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the request of the commons in the same Parliament, hath ordained

7 Henby IV.

A.D. 1405-6.

I.

Liberties, charters, and statutes confirmed.

Peace shall be kept, and justice done.

II.

The crown of England and France entailed upon K. Henry IV. and his sons.

and established divers ordinances and statutes in the form as followeth.

First, that Holy Church have all her liberties and franchises; and that all the lords spiritual and temporal, and all the cities, boroughs, and towns franchised, have and enjoy all their liberties and franchises, which they have of the grant of the King's progenitors, and of the confirmation and grant of our lord the King that now is. And that the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Forest, and all the ordinances and statutes made in the time of our lord the King, and in the time of his progenitors, not repealed, be firmly holden and kept, and duly executed in all points: And that the peace within the realm be holden and kept, so that all the King's liege people and subjects may from henceforth safely and peaceably go, come, and abide, according to the laws and usages of the same realm: And that good justice and [even1] right be done to every person; saving to the same our lord the King his regalty and prerogative.

Item, at the request and of the assent of the said lords and commons, in the said Parliament, it is ordained and established, that the inheritance of the crown, and of the realms of England and France, and of all the other dominions of our (2) lord the King beyond the sea, with all the appurtenances, shall be settled and remain in the person of the same our lord the King, and in the heirs of his body begotten; and especially at the request and of the assent aforesaid, it is ordained and established, pronounced, decreed, and declared, that the lord the Prince Henry eldest son to our (2) lord the King, be heir apparent to the same our lord 1 the King, to succeed him in the said crown, realms and dominions, to have

ordinances & estatutz en la forme qenseute.

Pri&ement q Seint Esglise eit toutz sez lifttees & fraunchises et q toutz les £*8 Espuelx & Temporelx & toutz les Citees Burghs &? Villes enfranchises aient & enjoient toutz les libteea b franchises queux ils ont du g*unte des pgenitours nre dit fr le Boy & de la confirmation & du gaunte mesme nre fr le Roy. Et q la g*nde Chre & la Chre de la Forest & toutz les ordinances & estatutz faitz en temps nre dit fr le Boy & en temps de sea ditz pgenitours nient repellez soient fermement tenuz gardez & duement executz en toutz pointz; et q la paix deinz le Roiaime soit tenuz & gardez, issint q toutz les loialx lieges b subgitz mesme nre fr le Boy purront desore sauvement & paisiblement aler, venir, & demurrer solonc les loyes & usages de mesme le Roiaime: et q bone justice & ouel droit soit fait a chescuny, sauv*nt a mesme nre fr le Boy ses regalie & progative.

Item de la request & de lassent des ditz frs & Coes en dit plement ordeignez est & establiz, q lenherite-ment de la Corone & de les Roialmes Denglefre & de Fraunce, & de toutz les aufc fries nre dit fr le Boy pdelea la meer oveqq, toutz les app'ten^ces, soit mys & demoerge en la psone mesme nre fr le Roy & en les heirs de son corps issantz; & en espal [a la request & de lassent suisditz ordeignez est & establiz*] pnonciez descemez & declarrez, q mon fr le Prince Henry eisne fitz nre dit fr le Boy soit heir apparant mesme nre fr le Roy, p* luy succeder en les suisditz Corone roialmes & fries, p* les avoir ove toutz

1 equal

2 said

1 Interlined on the roll.

279

les apprtenances aps le deces dicefi nfe fr le Roy a luy & a see heires de son corps issantz: et ail devie sanz heir de son corps issant, quadonqes toutez les suisditz Corone Roialmes & fries ove toutz les appurtenances re-maignent a mon fr Thomas secunde fitz nfe dit fr le Roy & a les heirs de son corps issantz: et sil devie sanz issue de son corps issant, qadonqes toutz les suisditz Corone Roialmes & fries ove toutz les appurtenances re-maignent a mon fr John tierce fitz mesme nfe fr le Roy & a ses heirs de son corps issantz: et sil devie sanz heir de son corps issant qadonqes toutz les suisditz Corone Roialmes & Wes ove toutz les appurtenances re-maygnent a mon fr Umfrey quart fitz nfe dit fr le Roy & a ses heirs de son corps issantz.

Item puree q plusours gentz de Roialme pdont issues fines & afleia-mentz en la Court nfe fr le Roy a la suyte dascune ptie, et auxi issues & aficiamentz en enquestes & jures es queux ils sont enpanelles pentre ptie & ptie en la Court avandite: Sur quoy les baillifs des Viscountz & lour resceivo's, & Baillifs des Franchises & lours ResceivoTs, qui coillent la verte cere, levont les issues fines & anlcia-mentz a^ntditz p estretes a eux maundes & li9ez hors de la Place ou ils fiirent forfaitz, p obscures & dotife pols contenantz la some issint pdue, nient fesantz mention p expsse pol de cause de la pde ne del jour del ?me nentf quelx pties ne la nature del brief es queux ycelles issues fynes & aficiaments furent pduz, issint q les Ministres a^ntditz levont la some deux foitz ou trois foitz & aucune foitz la double sdme contenue en leurs

them with all the appurtenances after the decease of the same our lord the King, to him and his heirs of his body begotten: And if he die without heir of his body begotten, then all the said crown, realms and dominions, with all the appurtenances, shall remain to the Lord Thomas, second son of our said lord the King, and to the heirs of his body begotten: And if he die without issue of his body, that then all the said crown, realms and dominions, with all the appurtenances, shall remain to the Lord John, the third son of our said lord the King, and to the heirs of his body begotten: And if he die without heir of his body begotten, that then all the foresaid crown, realms and dominions, with all the appurtenances, shall remain to the Lord Humfrey, the fourth son of our said lord the King, and the heirs of his body begotten.

Item, whereas divers people of the realm do lose issues, fines, and amerciaments in the court of our lord the King, at the suit of [any1] party, and also issues and amerciaments in inquests and juries, wherein they be impannelled betwixt party and party in the said court; whereupon the bailiffs of sheriffs and their receivers, and the bailiffs of franchises and their receivers, which gather the green wax, do levy the same issues, fines, and amerciaments by estreats sent to them, and delivered out of the place where they were forfeit, by obscure and ambiguous words, containing the sum so lost, not making mention by express words of the cause of the loss, nor the day of the term, nor betwixt what parties, nor the nature of the writ in which the same issues, fines and amerciaments were lost, so that the said officers do levy the sum two or three times, and sometime [the double sum *] contained in their estreats, to

1 some MS. Tr. 2. 3 double the sum

III.

The rolls of estreats of issues, fines,

&c. shall con. tain particulars of the cause of forfeiture, &c.

280

7 Henry IV.

A.D. 1405-6.

The Statute 42 Edw. HI. c. 9, touching gathering of green wax, confirmed.

VI.

The penalty for purchasing bulls to be discharged of tithes;

as under the Statute 2 H.IV. c. 4.

the great grief and impoverishment of all the people: It is ordained and established, that the justices and judges, before whom such issues or amerciaments be or shall be forfeit, in time to come shall charge the clerks of the estreats in the places where such issues and amerciaments be or shall be forfeit, by their oath to be made, (*) that they make the rolls of the estreats of such issues and amerciaments distinctly by express word, of the cause of the loss, of the term, of the year, and the nature of the writ, and betwixt what parties such issues and amerciaments be or shall be lost, as well in the King's suit, as in the suit of the party: And that the Statute made in the time of King Edward the Third, the two and fortieth year of his reign, for gathering of green wax be holden and kept in all points.

* Item, it is ordained and established, that no person religious nor secular, of what estate or condition that he be, by colour of any bulls containing such privilege to be discharged of dismes pertaining to parish churches, prebends, hospitals, or vicarages, purchased before the first year of King Richard the second after the conquest or sitbence, not executed, shall put in execution any such bulls so purchased, or any such bulls to be purchased in time to come. And (2) if any such religious or secular person, of what estate or condition he be, from henceforth by colour of such bulls do trouble any person of Holy Church, prebendaries, wardens of hospitals, or vicars, so that they cannot take or enjoy the dismes due or pertaining to them of their said benefices, that then such disturber shall incur like process and pain as is ordained by the Statute made against them of the order of

1 and * that

estretes, a g*nd grevance & empo9isse-

ment de tout le poeple: Ordeignez

est & establiz, q les Justices & Jugges

devant queux issues & aSdamentz

sont & §ront foifaitz, en temps advenir

chargent les clercs des estretes en les

places en les queux les issues & aflci-

mentz sont ou 8ront forfaitz, p leur

8ementz de faire & qils facent les rolles

des estretes des ditz issues & aflciar

mentz distinctement, g expsse pol del

cause del pde del Sme del an & de la

nature del Brief, & gentre queux gties

tielx issues & ardciamentz sont ou

8ront gduz, siftn en la [Svice *] du Roy

come en la suite de gtie: et q lestatut

fait en temps le Roy E. tierce lan de

son regne xlij, de coillet de verte cere

soit tenuz & gardes en toutz pointz. *«*

Item ordeignez est & establiz q nule

gsone religiouse ou seculer de quel estate ou condicion qil soit, [qi2] p colour dascune Bulles contenantz tiel privilege destre quite des Dismes ap-prtenances as Esglises parochielx, pbendes Hospitals ou Vicaries, dev*nt lan du regne le Roy Richard second puis le Conquest prifle ou depuis purchaces nient executz, mette en execucione aucuns tielx bulles ensi purchaces ou ascuns tielx Bulles appur-chaSs en temps advenir. Et q si desore nule tiel gsone religiouse ou seculer de quel estate ou condicion qil soit p colour de tiels Bulles destourbe ascuns gsons de Seint Esglise, ^benders, Gardeins des Hospitals ou Vicaires, gensi qils ne purront pndre ne enjoier les Dismes a eux duez ou regardantz de loTs ditz fcnfices, q tiel destourbour encourge autielx pees & peine come est ordeignez p estatut fait 9s ceux de

1 suite Rot. Parl. 7 $8 Hen.IV. nu. 108.

Old printed copies omit.

7 Henry IV.

281

lordre de Cisteux lan scde nre £ le Boy qorest.

* Item pur ceo q plusours des lieges du Roy sont utlages & plusours wai-viez p goes erroine du loye, & sont si impotents de leurs corps p di9ses maladies & infirmitees qils ne pur-ront en leurs gpres psones vefi devant le Roy en son Banc, illeoqes affaire leur seute pur tiel gees erroine reiser; Ordeignez est & establiz q chun Justice de lun Banc & de lautre, & auxi le Chief Baron de Leschequer, ait poair dexaminer ycelles psones aiants tiels maladies & infirmitees o9tment conuz, et sur ce purront mesmes les Justices & Baron & chun de eux p lours discrecions recorder attourne en cest cas. Pourveux toutesfoitz qen le fcre de Capias ad satisfaciend courge la coe lay.

* Item nre fT le Roy al grevouse compleint de sa Coe del non dewe eleccion des Chres des Countees pur le plement, queux aucune foitz sont feitz de affeccion des Viscountz, & autrement encountre la forme des briefs as ditz Viscountz directe, a g*nd esdaundre des Countees & retardation des busoignes del Comu-nalte du dit Countee; nre so9ein iT le Roy vuillant a ceo punreier de remedie, de lassent des fTa espuelx k temporelx k de tout la Coe en cest psent plement, ad ordeignez k establiz q desore enav»nt les elections des tielx Chrs soient faitz en la forme qenseute: Cestaasa? q al gschein

Cisteaux, in the second year of the reign of our said lord the King that now is.



Item, whereas many of the King s liege people be outlawed, and many waved, by erroneous process in law, and be so impotent in their bodies, by divers maladies and infirmities, that they cannot come in their proper persons before the King in his bench, there to make their suit to reverse such erroneous process; it is ordained and established, that every justice of the one bench and of the other, and also the chief baron of the Exchequer shall have power to examine the same persons, having such malady and diseases openly known, and thereupon may the same justices and baron, and every of them, by their discretion, record their attorney in this case. Provided always, that in the writ of capias ad satisfaciendum, the common law shall hold place.



Item, our lord the King, at the grievous complaint of his commons [in this present Parliament] of the undue election of the knights of counties for the Parliament, which be sometime made of affection of sheriffs, and otherwise against the form of the writs directed to the sheriff, to the great slander of the counties, and hindrance of the business of the commonalty [in1] the said county; our sovereign lord the King, willing therein to provide remedy, by the assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and [the commons in this present Parliament assembled,2] hath ordained and established, that from henceforth the elections of such knights shall be made in the form as follow-eth; that is to say, (*) at the next

'*/

1 of al the comonalte of the retime in this present pariement MS. Tr. 2.

that MS. Tr. 2.

XIII. Impotent persons outlawed may make attorniea; except on writ# of execution.

XV. The manner of election of knights of shiree for the Parliament

282

7 Henry IV.

AJ). 1405-6.

Clause to be inserted in *rite of the Parliament.

vn.

Justices of peace and sheriffs shall

county, to be holden after the delivery of the writ of the Parliament, proclamation shall be made in the full county of the day and place of the Parliament, and that all they that be there present, as well suitors duly summoned for the same cause, as other, shall attend to the election of [the1] knights for the Parliament; and then in the full county they shall proceed to the election freely and indifferently, notwithstanding any request or commandment to the contrary; and after that they be chosen, the names of the persons so chosen, be they present or absent, shall be written in an indenture under the seals of all them that did choose them, and tacked to the same writ of the Parliament; which indenture, so sealed and tacked, shall be holden for the sheriff's return of the said writ, touching the knights of the shires. And (*) in the writs of the Parliament to be made hereafter, this clause shall be put: [Et electionem tuam in pleno Comitatu tuo factam distincte & aperte sub sigillo tuo & sigillis eorum qui electioni illi inter-fuerint nobis in cancellaria nostra ad diem & locum in brevi contentos certifices indilate.8]


1 their 2 that

3 And thy election in thy full county made, distinctly and openly, under thy seal and the seals of those who were present at that election, to us in our Chancery, at the day and place in the writ contained, certify without delay.

Countee a tenir aps la li9e du brief

du plement, gdamacion soit fait en

plein Countee de le jor & lieu de

plement, & q toutz ceux q illeoqs

sont psentz, siftn suturez duement

somoines p cele cause, come aufe,

attendent la eleccion de lours Chrs

pr le plement; et adonqes en plein

Counte aillent al eleccion libalment

& endifferentement non obstant au-

cune prier ou comaundement au

contarie j et aps qils soient esluz,

soient les psones esluz psentz ou

absentz, soient lour nouns escriptz en

endenfre dessoutz les sealx de toutz

ceux q eux eslisent [----- -1 ]

& .tacchez au dit bre du parlement;

quele endenture issint ensealez &

tacchez soit tenuz pur retourne du M.11.

dit brief qant as Chrs des Countees:

et q en briefs de plement affairs en

temps advenir soit mys cest dause:

Et eleccoem tuam in pleno Cota tuo

fcam distincte & apte sub sigillo tuo

& sigillis eo£ qui eleccoi illi in^fuint

[nos *] in Cancellaf nfa ad diem &

locum in bri content Stifices indilate.

« # mm mm

1 An erasure on the roll.

2 nobis printed copies.

13 HENRY IV. A.D. 1411.

W jrftj0 tb.

Of the STATUTES in the Thirteenth Year of K. HENRY IV.

Inniip*

Botnfi.

Ex Rot, Stat. in Turr, Loud, III, m. 9.

* mm mm

Item, it is ordained and established, that if any riot, assembly, or rout of people against the law, be made in

m m m m m m

Item ordeignez est & establiz, q si aucun riot assemblee ou rout des gentz encontre la loie se face en

A.D. 141L

13 Henby IV.

283

aucune ptie de Roialme, q les Justices de paix, trois ou deux de eux a meyns, & le Viscont ou Southviscont du Counte ou tiel riote assemble ou rout se ferra enaps, veignent ove le poair de Counte si bosoigne 8ra p* eux arester & eux arestent; & aient mesmes les Justices & Viscont ou Southviscont poair de recorder ceo qils troevent ensi fait en leur psence encontre la ley; et q p le record de mesmes les Justices & Viscont ou Southviscont soient tielx ?spassours & meffaisours convictz en maSe & forme come il est contenuz en lestatut de fordbles entrees. Et sil adviegne q tielx fopassours & meffaisours soient deptiz dev*nt la venue des ditz Justices & Viscont ou Southviscont, q mesmes les Justices, trois ou deux de eux enquergent diiigealment deinz un moys aps tiel riote assemble ou route des gentz ensy faitz, & ent oient & Eminent solonc la loye de la ?re. Et si la Vitee ne poet estre trove en maSe come dessuis est dit, adonqes deinz un moys lors pschein ensuiant Stifient les ditz Justices, trois ou deux de eux, & le Viscont ou Southviscont suisditz dev*nt le Roy & son Counseil tout le fait & les circumstances dicett, quell Stificat soit dautiel force come le psentement de xij: Sur quel Stificat soient les ditz fcpassours & meffaisours mys a responce, & ceux q* 8ront trovez coupables soient puniz solonc la dis-crecion du Roy & de son dit Consail Et si tielx ?spassours & meffaisours tra9sent la matire ensy Stifle, soient celles Stificat & tra9s mandez en banc le Roy p* y estre triez & fminez come la ley demande: Et si mesmes les

[parties of the realm, that the justices of peace, three or two of them at the least, and the sheriff or undersheriff of the county where such riot, assembly, or rout shall be made hereafter, shall come with the power of the county, if need be, to arrest them, and shall arrest them; and the same justices and sheriff, or under-sheriff, shall have power to record that which they shall find so done in their presence against the law; and that by the record of the same justices and sheriff, or under-sheriff, such trespassers and offenders shall be convict in the same manner and form as is contained in the Statute of forcible Entries. And if it happen that such trespassers* and offenders be departed before the coming of the said justices and sheriff, or under-sheriff, that the same justices, three or two of them, shall diligently inquire within a month after such riot, assembly, or rout of people so made, and thereof shall hear and determine according to the law of the land. And if the truth cannot be found in the manner as is afore said, then within a month next following, the justices, three or two of them, and the sheriff or under-sheriff (*) shall certify before the King and his council all the deed and circumstances thereof, which certificate shall be of like force as the presentment of twelve: Upon which certificate the said trespassers and offenders shall be put to answer, and they which shall be found guilty, shall be punished according to the discretion of the King and his (*) council. And if such trespassers and offenders do traverse the matter so certified, the same certificate and traverse shall be sent into the King's Bench, there to be tried and determined as the law requireth: And if

1 any partie MS. Tr. 2.

2 aboves&ide MS. Tr. 2.

3 said

arrest all rioters; and record their offences; and inquire thereof.

See Statutes \5 R. II. ch. 2; and St.\1 R. II. ch. 8.

Certificate of justices, &c. shall be equivalent to a presentment of a jury.

Traverse of a riot triable in the King's Bench.

284

13 Henry IY.

A.D. 1411.

Conviction of offenders for default of appearance.

The penalty of the nearest justices, &c. omitting to execute this Act

the same trespassers do not appear before the King and his council, or in the King's Bench, at the first precept, then shall be another precept directed to the sheriff of the county, to take the said trespassers and offenders, if they may be found, and to bring them at a certain day before the King and his (*) council, or into the King's Bench; and if they cannot be found, that the sheriff or under-sheriff shall make proclamation in [his *] full county next ensuing the delivery of the second precept, that they shall appear before the King and his said council, or in the King's Bench, or in the Chancery in the time of vacation, within three weeks then next following. And in case the same offenders come not as afore is said, and the proclamation made and returned, they shall be convict and attainted of the riot* assembly, or rout aforesaid, notwithstanding any article or ordinance made to the contrary. And moreover, that the justices of peace dwelling nighest in every county where such riot, assembly, or rout of people shall be made hereafter, together with the sheriff or under-sheriff of the same county, and also the justices of assises for the time that they shall be there in their [session,8] in case that any such riot, assembly, or rout be made in their presence, shall do execution of this statute, every one upon pain of an hundred pounds, to be paid to the King as often as they shall be found in default of the execution of the same statute.

1 said s the 3 sessions

fspassours & meffaisours ne viegnent my devant le Roy & son consail, ou en Bank le Roy, a priffi mandement, adonqes soit fait autre mandement direct a Viscount de Countee, de pndre les ditz fepassours & meffaisours sils prront estre trovez & eux amesner a Stein jour devant le Roy & son dit Consail, ou en bank le Roy; et sils ne purront estre trovez q le Viscont ou Southviscont face gclama<cion, en pleine Countee gschein ensuiant la li9ee du scde mandement, qils viegnent de^nt le Roy & son dit Counsail, ou en bank le Roy, ou en la Chauncel-larie en temps de vacacion deinz trois semaignes lors gschins ensuiantz. *Et en cas q mesmes les fspassours & meffaisours ne viegnent mye come devant est dit, & la pclamacion faite & retorne, soient ils convictz & atr teintz de les riote, assemble ou route dessuisditz, non obstant aucun estatut ou ordinance fait a contaire. Et en outre q les Justices de la paix demrrantz les pluis gscheins en chun Counte ou tiel riote assemble ou route des gentz se ferra en aps, ensemble-ment ove le Viscont ou Southviscont de mesme le Counte, & auxi les Justices dassises p1 le temps qils sront illeoqes en lour Sessions, en cas q aucun tiel riote assemble ou rout se ferra en lour psence, facent execucion de cest estatut, cfcun sur peine de C 1L a paiers au Roy atant des foitz qils §ront trovez en defaut del execucion de mesme lestatut.

( 285 )

STATUTES OF KING HENRY THE FIFTH.

1 HENRY y. A.D. 1413.

in m^gine ^tatuta be anno prtmo 2 fcejgf$enrict qumtu

STATUTES of the First Year of K. HENRY V.

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. Ill. m. 8. re fT le Roy a son plement tenuz a Westm a les trois semaignes de Pasche lan de son regne prifle de lad vis & assent des (rs espirituelx & temporelx & a les especialx instaunce & request des Coes de son Roialme ad ordeignez & establiz di9ses ordinances

& estatuts en la fourme qenseute. * Item ordeignez est & establiz, qen chun brief original des accions psonelx & appelles & enditementz en queux exigend 8ra agardez, qa les nous des defendauntz en tieux briefe originalx appeUes & enditementz soient faitz addicions de lour estat ou degree ou de mistere, & les villes ou hamelles ou lieux & les Countees des queux ils furent ou sount ou en queux il sont ou Sront con9sauntz: Et si p

pcesse sur les ditz briefe originalx appelles ou enditementes, en queux les ditz addicions soient entrelessez, aucunes utlagariez soient pnunciez qils soient voidez irritez & tenuz pur null; & qe avant les utlagaries pnunciez les ditz briefe & endite-mentes soient abatuz p excepcion du partie, p la ou en icelles les ditz

i^TJR lord the King, at his holden at Westminster in [the third week of1] Easter, the first year of his reign, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the special instance and request of the commons of [this *] realm, hath ordained and established divers statutes and ordinances in the form following.

* Item, it is ordained and established, that in every original writ of actions personals, (*) appeals, and indictments, [and4] in which the exigent shall be awarded, [in5] the names of the defendants in such writs original, appeals and indictments, additions shall be made of their estate or degree, or mystery, and of the towns or hamlets, or places and counties, of the which they were, or be, or in which they be or were conversant: And if by process upon the said original writs, appeals, or indictments, in the which the said additions be omitted, any utlagaries be pronounced, that they be void, frustrate, and holden for none; and that before the utlagaries pronounced, the said writs and indictments shall be abated by the exception of the party, [where6] in

1 iij wekes after MS. Tr. 2.

2 his MS. Tr. 2. *and

4 Omit this word. 4 to

6 where as

V.

In original writs, &c. additions of defendant's degree, &c. shall be put.

286

l Henry V.

AJ). 1413.

Surplusage of additions shall not prejudice.

vn.

Ordinance 13 Ric. II. restraining aliens from the holding of benefices in England, confirmed.

the same the said additions be omitted: Provided always, that

though the said writs of [additionsl] personals be not according to [the records and deeds,2] by the surplusage of the additions aforesaid, that for that cause they be not abated; and that the clerks of the Chancery, under whose names such writs shall go forth written, shall not leave out or make omission of the said additions as is afore said, upon pain to be punished, [and to make8] a fine to the King, by the discretion of the chancellor. And this ordinance shall begin to hold place at the suit of the party, from the feast of St. Michael next ensuing forward.

* Item, whereas in the Parliament holden at Westminster, in the time of King Richard the Second, the thirteenth year of his reign, it was ordained, that none alien Frenchman should have nor enjoy any benefice within this realm for certain [cause,4] which [might come or happen,5] but that they should be delivered and voided [for ever6] out of the realm before a certain time in the said ordinance limit, as in the same is plainly contained; and that at what time that any priories aliens con-ventuell, or any other benefice or office due by the King's title, [do void7] by the departing or death of the said priors and other occupiers, that then there should be during the wars, honest English persons put in their place to [accomplish the8] divine service, and none of the enemies aforesaid: And notwithstanding the said ordinance, the said aliens Frenchmen, by evil imagination and brocage to continue the evil mis-

1 actions 3 records or deeds

3 by making 4 causes

5 had happened and might happen 8 entirely 7 became void

8 perform

addicions soient enterlessez: purveux toutfoitz qe mesq^ les dees briefs daccions psonelx ne soient accordaontz as recordes ou faits p la supplusage des addicions suisditz, qe pour celle cause ils ne soient abatuz; Et qe les Clerks de la Chauncellarie south qi noms tiels briefs isserount escriptz ne en&essent ne face omission des ditz addicions come dessuis est dit, sur peyne destre puniz affaire fyn a Roy p discrecion de Chaunceller. Et comenSa ceste ordinance a tenir lieu a seute de ptie de la fest de Seint Michel pschein enavaunt.



Item come en le plement tenuz a Westm en temps de Roy Richard second lan de son reigne trezisme, 0 ordeignez estoit qe nul alien Fraunceys na9oit nenjoieroit null benifice deins ceste roialme, pour Steins causes qe aviengnent & puissent avenir, mes qils Uroient deli9ez & voidez tout nettement hors du roialme dev*nt Stein temps en le dit ordinaunce limitez, come en icett est pleinement contenuz; & a quele heure qe aucuns Priories Aliens Conventuelx, ou aucun autre benefice ou office duez p title du Roy, voident p le ces ou deces des ditz Priours & autres occupiours qadonqes estoient durauntz les guerres, honestes psones Englois y soient myses en lieu de eux pur accompler le divine §vice & null des enemys dessuisditz: & nientcontresteaunt la dite ordinaunce les ditz Aliena Fraunceys p male ymaginacion & brocage, de contenuer les malveys

1 See Rot. Parl. 13 Ric. II. nu. 1 9: and 1 Ric. IT. nu. 91, there referred to.

1 Henry V.

287

meschiefe du dit ordinaunce, pur-chacent Ires patentes de Roy destre denzeins & lieges du Roy, et jurent de ce continuer al entent doccupier & enjoier les ditz benefices, & issint unquore occupiount plusours benefices encountre la dee ordinaunce, pount les aliens Fraunceys sount encrescez en arerisment des lieges du Roy, & gaund tresour de Roy & de son roialme emportent hors de roialme & le counsail du Roy discount as enemys de Fraunce, a g*unde damage du Roy & de Roialme: Nre (T le Roy considerant les meschiefe suisditz voet qe les ditz ordinaunces soient ferment tenuz & 'gardez & mys en due exe-cucion, forspris les Priours Aliens Conventuelx & auxi toutz autres Priours qount institucion & induccion, painsi qils soient Catholiks & qils facent seurtee qils ne disco9erount ne ferrount discover le Counsail & lez secrets du Roialme.

chiefs of the said ordinance, purchase the King's letters patents to be denizens and the King's liege people, and swear the same to continue, to the intent to occupy and enjoy the said benefices, and so yet occupy many benefices against the said ordinance, whereby [these1] aliens Frenchmen be increased, in destruction of the King's liege people, and bear away out of the realm great treasure of [the King's and of the realm's;2] and the King's counsel disclose to the [enemies of France,8] to the great damage of the King and his realm: Our sovereign lord the King considering the said mischiefs, will that the said ordinances be firmly holden and kept, and put in due execution, except the priors aliens conventuel, and also all other priors which have institution and induction, so that they be Catholick, and that they shall* find surety Hot to disclose nor cause to be disclosed the counsel nor the secrets of the realm.



1 the MS. Tr. 2.

3 the King, and of his realm

3 French enemien

2 HENBY V. A.D. 1414.

laargine

Kofi.

&tatnta tit anno fTrUo rjuffann

STATUTES of the Second Teak of the sake Kino.

Ex Rot. StaL in Turr. Lond. III. j

m. 7, 6,

N re f* le Boy a son Parlement I tenuz a Leycestr le darrein jour de April! Ian de son Begne sede, de: ladvys k assent des f* espirituelz k I temporelx A a les espales instance k j request des C5es de son Boiahne en l

Statute the First.

AUK lord ti>e King, at his Parlia-" ment holden at Leicester the last day of April the second year of his reign, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the special irartf"* — and request of the commons of his realm in the same

2 Henry V. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1414.

L

The purposes of hospitals.

Ordinaries shall inquire c hospitals of royal foundation;

Parliament [assembled,1] hath ordained and established divers ordinances, declarations, and statutes [made1 2 *] in the form as followeth.

First, forasmuch as many hospitals within the realm of England, founded as well by the noble Kings of this realm, and lords and ladies both spiritual and temporal, as by [divers other estates,8] to the honour of God and of his glorious mother, in aid and merit of the souls of the said founders, to the which hospitals the same founders have given a great part of their moveable goods for the buildings of the same, and a great part of their lands and tenements, therewith to sustain [impotent4 * *] men and women, lazars, men () out of their wits () and poor women with child, and to nourish, relieve, and refresh other poor people in the same, be now for the most part decayed, and the goods and profits of the same, by divers persons, as well spiritual as temporal, withdrawn and spent in other use, whereby many men and women have died in great misery for default of aid, living and succour, to the displeasure of God, and peril of the souls of such manner of spenders; the King our sovereign lord, considering the meritorious and devout intents of the founders aforesaid, and the (7) [unaccustomed8] government (9) in the same, hath by the advice and assent aforesaid, ordained and established, that as to the hospitals which be of the patronage and foundation of the King, the ordinaries, by virtue of the King's commissions to them (10) directed, shall inquire of the manner

1 being MS. Tr. 2.

MS. Tr. 2. omits.

8 other of divers estates, MS. Tr. 2.

4 old MS. Tr. 2.

6 and women 6 and mind,

7 bad, and 8 insolent

9 had 19 to be

mesme le piemen t esteantz, ad ordeigne & estable dieses ordinances declara-cions & estatutz en la forme qensuyt.

En primes p* taunt q pluseurs Hospitalx dedenz le Roiahne Denglelre, founduz sifcn p les nobles Rois de mesme le roialme & frs & Dames espuelx & tempelx come p aufs de di9ses estates, al hono* de Dieu & de sa gloriouse meere en eide & merit des Aimes de les ditz foundours, as queux Hospitalx mesmes les foundors onfc donez ga-ndement de lour biens moe-bles p* ledificacions dicelles, & g*nde-ment de lour ?res & tentz p* ent sustener viegles h5mes & femes lazars hdmes & femes hors de lour sennes & memories po9s femes enseintez & aulls povres & la nurrir rele$ & refresser en ycelles, sont ore p1 la greindre partie enchiez & les tins & pfitz dicelles p di9ses psones espuelx & temporelx retraitz & despenduz en autri oeps, pont pluseurs hdmes & femes ont moruz en g*und meschief p* defaute de eide vivre & socour, al displesance de Dieu & pill des Aimes de tieux malveis despendours; le Roy nre fr Ssso9ain considerant les fiitories & devoutes ententes de les foundonrs a^ntditz, & auxi les malveis & inso-lentz go9nance en ycelles euz, del advis & assent suisditz ad ordeigne & establie, q qaunt as hospitalx queux sont del patronage & fundacion le Roy, les Ordinairs p 9tue des Comissions le Roy a eux adressers enquer-

2 Hehbt Y. Stat. 1.

289

gent del ma8 de la fandacian des ditz hospitals & de la go?nance & estat dicelles & de toutes auSs matiers en ceste partie necessaire & bosoignables, & linquisicions ent pris Stifient en la Chauncellarie le Roy. Et q»unt as ants hospitals q sont dantri fondacion & patronage q de Roy, les ordinaire enquergent del maS de la fondacion estat & govnaunce dicelles & de toutz auts mats & choses bosoignables celle partie, & sur ce facent ent correccion & reformation selonc les loies de seinte . esglise come a eux apptient. '

Itm pr ceo q plensenra gentz ont estez condempnez en les Courtz nre dit fr le Roy & en les Conrtz de sez nobles ggenitoura, sifen deinz la Citee de Loundres come en ants Citees & Burghs deinz le Roialme Dengletre,

& p vtue de tielx condempnacions ont estez comis a la prisone nfe fr le Roy pT y demorer tanq* ils ont fait gree as pleintifs ?s queux ils furent con-dempnez; & aps p lour suggestions faitz en la Chauncellarie nre ir le Roy ont euz dieses briefs appellez Sciorari Corpus cum Cau3a, hors de la Chauncellarie nre fr le Roy, directz as Yis-countz ou Garde ins dez Prisones ou tielx gentz condempnez sont detenuz pr avoir lour corps ove la cause denpri-sonement de les condempnez suisditz en la Chancellarie as jours contenuz en les ditz briefs; aps queux briefs emsemb lenient ovesq* le corps & la cause de condempnacion retoumez en la Chauncellarie suisdite, les ditz gentz iffiint condempnez ont este deli^ez en la Chauncellarie av»ntdit p bailie ou

[and1] foundation of the said hospitals, and of the governance and estate of the same, and of all other matters necessary and requisite in this behalf, and the inquisitions thereof taken shall certify in the King's Chancery. And as to other hospitals which be of [another2] foundation and patronage than of the King, the ordinaries shall inquire of the manner of the foundation, estate, and governance of the same, and of all other matters and things necessary in this behalf, and upon that make thereof correction and reformation according to the laws of Holy Church, as to them belongeth.

Item, forasmuch as many men have been condemned in the courts of our (*) lord the King, and in the courts of his (4) progenitors, as well within the city of London as in other cities and boroughs within the realm of England, and [by the virtue5] of such condemnations have been committed to the prison of our lord the King, there to remain until they have made [agreement6] to the plaintiffs to whom they were condemned; (*) after by their suggestions made in the Chancery of our lord the King, they have had divers writs called certiorari, [and8] corpus cum causa, out of the Chancery of our said lord the King, directed to the [sheriff,6] or keepers of the prisons where such persons condemned be bolden, to have their bodies, with the cause of imprisonment of the condemned aforesaid, in the Chancery, at the days contained in the said writs; after which writs, together with the body, and the cause of the condemnation, returned in the Chancery aforesaid, the said persons so condemned have been delivered in the Chancery

»of the 2 other MS. Tr. *2.

3 said «noble

6 by virtue MS. Tr. 2. 6 gree

7 and 8 Omit tbif word.

» shereves MS. Tr. 2.

T

They shall inquire of and reform other

n.

The injustice arising from writs of certiorari corpus cum causa, oat of Chancery for removal of prisoners in execution:

290

2 Henry V. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1414

aforesaid by bail or by mainprise, or enlarged without bail or mainprise, against the assent and will of the said plaintiffs, and without any [agreement1] made to the said plaintiffs of the sums in the which they be condemned, against the law of the land; and so remain the said plaintiffs without remedy, in hinderance of the state of such plaintiffs, and in defeating of the judgements given in the courts aforesaid: Our (2) lord the King, willing herein to provide remedy, by the advice and assent aforesaid, and at the request of the foresaid commons, hath ordained and established, Upon the that if any such writ of certiorari,

taSJltot M corPus cum causa, be granted, or such prisoners, shall be granted at any time hereafter,

reSmdei * an(^ upon the said writ [if] it be returned, that the prisoner which is so holden in prison is condemned by judgement [given against him,] that presently he shall be remanded, [where he shall remain continually4] in prison according to the law [and custom] of the land, without being let to go by bail or by mainprise against the will of the said plaintiffs, until [agreement1] be made to them of the sums so adjudged.

ILL Item, forasmuch as divers of the

King's liege people be daily cited to appear in the spiritual court before spiritual judges, there to answer to divers persons, as well of things which touch freehold, debt, trespasses, covenants, and other things whereof the cognisance pertaineth to the court of our lord the King, as of matrimony and testament; and when such persons so cited appear and demand a libel of that which against them is surmised, to be informed to give their answer thereunto, or otherwise to purchace a writ of our lord the King,

1 gree * said

9 Omit this word.

4 or shall continue to abide

p mainprise, ou a large saunz bailie ou mainprise, encontre lassent & volunte des ditz pleintifs & sanz ascun gree faire as ditz pleintifs de les sdmes en queux ils sont condempnez, en-countre la leie de la ?re; & issint demrgent les ditz pleintifs sanz remedie, en anientisement de lestat de tielx pleintifs & en defesaunce des juggementz renduz en les Courtz av*ntditz: Nre dit fr le Roy voillant ent faire remedie del advys & assent avfintditz & a la requeste des Coes suisdces ad ordeigne & establie, q si ascun tiel brief de Sciorari corpus cum causa soit gaunte ou §ra gunte en temps avenir, & sur le dit brief soit retoume q le prisoner qest issint detenu en prisone soit condempne p juggement, q mainten&nt soit remande ou demrge continuelment en prisone solonc la ley de la ?re, sanz estre lease aller p bailie ou p mainprise encontre la volunte des pleintifs suisditz, tanq> lour soit fait gree de les sdmes issint adjuggez.

Iim pr ceo q di9ses lieges nre f* le Roy sont dtez de jour en auS dap-paroir en courte Xpiene dev*nt Juges espirituelx, a y respondre as diVses psones siftn des choses q touchent franktent dette fepassez covenants & au?s des queux la conisance apptient al Courte nre (T le Roy, come de matrimoine & testament; & qant tielx psones issint citeez appiergent & de-mandent un libett de ceo q lour est surmys pr estre enformez a doS lour respons illoeqes, ou au?ment a p'chacer brief nre ir le Roy de ghibicion selonc

2 Henry V. Stat. 1.

291

lour cas, quell libett lour est denie p les ditz Juges Espuelx, al intent q tielx psones ne Sront mye p null tiel brief aidez; encountre ley & as gaundes damages de tielx psones issint em-pledez: Nfe dit (* le Roy del advis & assent suisditz & a la prier des ditz Coes ad ordeigne & establie, q a quelle heure la copie de la libetl est g*untable p la ley, qil soit gaunte & li9e a la partie sanz difficulte.

.... Et q les Justices de la Pees

en efcun Countee nomez en la Quog (1)

receantz deinz mesme le Counte exceptz

frs nomez en la Cdmission de Pees, &

auxi exceptz les Justices de lun Banc

& de lautre Chief Baron de lescheqer

Jgeantz de la leie & Attoumes du

Roy, prle temps q mesmes les Justices

Chief Baron 3geantz & Attoumez sont

entendantz & occupiez en les Courtz

du Roy ou aillours occupiez en 8vice

le Roy, facent lor Sessions quatre

foitz p an; Cestassavoir en la prinl

sem&igne aps le feat de Seint Michel

& la prifi semaigne aps le fest de

Tiphain & en la prh2 semaigne aps le

Clause de Pask, & en la prinl semaigne aps la tnslacion de Seint Thomas le Martir, & pluis sovent si meatier soit. Et q mesmes les Justices teignent

of prohibition, according to their case, which libel to them is denied by the said spiritual judges, to the intent that such persons should not be aided by any such writ; against the law, and to the great damage of such persons so impleaded: Our said lord the Copies of the King, by the advice and assent [of ^a^irts the lords spiritual and temporal,1] and shall be duly at the request [and instance] of the ae ver said commons, hath ordained and established, that at what time (*) the libel is grantable by the law, that it may be granted and delivered to the party without any difficulty.

.... And that the justices of the IV. peace in every shire named of the ^m'e' quorum, [be8] resiant within the same justice* of the shire, except lords named in the drafTthT1" commission of the peace, and also shire; except except justices of the one bench, and ora8* c# of the other, the chief baron of the Exchequer; serjeants at the law, and [the Bang's attorney,4] for the time that the same justices, chief baron, serjeants [at the law,] and [the King's attorney,8] be intending and occupied in the King's courts, or otherwise, in shall hold some other place, occupied in the ^[onsT^ King's service, [and6] make their sessions four times by the year; that is to say, in the first week after the feast of Saint Michael, and in the first week after the Epiphany, and in the first week after the clause of Easter, and in the first week after the translation of Saint Thomas the Martyr, and more often, if need be. And that the same justices hold their sessions throughout (J) [the realm] of England in the same weeks every year from henceforth........... .........

lour Sessions pmy tout Engle?re en mesmes les semaignes cfiun an desore enav*nt..

it*

1soient Lib. Scacc. IX: Old printed copies.

1 aforesaid

1 the copie of MS. Tr. 2.

All printed translations and MS. Tr. 2. read thus.

4 attorneys of the Kyng MS. Tr. 2.

6 attomies

Not in original; nor in MS. Tr. 2.

7 all MS. Tr. 2.


2 Henry V. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1414.

YIII. Recital of the Statute 18 H.IV. c. 7 against riots, &c.

Item, whereas it is contained in the Statute made the thirteenth year of the noble King Henry, father to our lord the King that now is, amongst other things, that if any riot, assembly, or rout of people against the law be made in any part of the realm, then the justices of the peace, three or two of them at the least, and the sheriff or under sheriff of the county where such riot, assembly, or rout shall be made hereafter, should come with the power of the said county, if need were, to arrest them, and them should arrest; and the same justices, sheriff or under sheriff, should have power to record that which they found so done in their presence against the law; and that by record of the same justices, sheriff, or under sheriff, such trespassers or offenders should be convict in manner and form as is contained in the Statute of Forcible Entries; and if it happen that such trespassers or offenders were departed before the coming of the (*) justices, sheriff, or under sheriff, that the same justices, three or two of them, should diligently inquire within a month after such riot, assembly, or rout of people so made, and the same hear and determine according to the law of the land; and if the truth could not be found in manner as afore is said, (2) within a month then next ensuing, the said justices, three or two of them, and the sheriff or under sheriff (*) should certify before the King and his council all the deed and circumstance of the same; which certificate shall be of likq force as the presentment of twelve men; upon which certificate the said trespassers and offenders shall be put to answer, and they which be found guilty, shall be punished according to the discretion of the King and his council; 1

1 Maid * then * <tforesaid

Item come contenue soit en lestatut fait lan treszisme del fsnoble Soy Henry piere a nre fr le Roy qore est entre autres, q si ascun riote assem-blee ou route des gentz encontre la leye se ferroit en ascune ptie de roialme, adonqes les Justices du pees trois ou deux de eux au meyns & le viscont ou Soutzviscont de Counte ou tiele riote assemble ou route se ferroit, enaps viendrent ove le poair du dit Counte si bosoigne Droit p* eux arester & eux arestrent; & eussent mesmes les Justices Viscount ou South Viscount poair de recorder ceo qils tro9ent ensi felt en lour psence en-countre la leie; et q p le record de mesmes les Justices Viscont ou South Viscount Sroient tielx Sspassours ou malfesours convictz, en made & four-me come est contenue en lestatut de forcibles entrees; et sil aviendroit q tielx fspassours & malfesours fuissent deptiez devant le venue des ditz Justices & Viscont ou Southviscont, q mesmes les Justices trois ou deux de eux enquergent diligealment deins un moys aj?s tiel note assemble ou route des gentz ensi faitz, & ent oierent & Smiflent solonc la leye de la ?re; et si la $ite ne p*roit estre trove en mafle come devant est dit, adonqes deins un moys lors pschein ensuant Stifierent les ditz Justices troys ou deux de eux & le Viscount ou Suthviscount suisditz devant le Roy & son conseil, tout le fait & les circumstances dicett, quell Stificat soit de autiele force come la psentement de xij; Sur quell Stificat soient les ditz Sspassours & malfesours mys a respond & ceux q sont trovez'coupables soient puniz solonc la discrecion du Roy & de son dit conseiit; Et outre ceo q les

2 Henry V. Sta(. 1.

293

Justices de la pees dem'antz le pluis pschein en chescun Countee ou tiel route assemble ou riote de gentz se ferroit enaps, ensemblement ovesq* le Yisoont ou Suthviscount de mesmes les 0001116689 & auxi les Justices dassises p* le temps qils Uront en lour sessions en cas q ascun tiel riote assemble ou route se ferroit en lour pJsence, ferroient execudon de cest estatut, chescun sur peine de C Ji. appaierez au Roy a tantz de foitz qils Droient trovez en defaute del execudon de mesme lestatut: Et pur t&nt q pleuseurs riotes routes & as-semblees ont este feitz en di9ses pties du Roialme puis la confeccion & pdamadon du dit estatut, a cause q mesme lestatut nad mye este mys en due execudon, come n?e 9sso9ain (T le Roy lad condeu p divses & hidouses compleintz a luy faitz en ceste psent plement; Mesme nre fr le Roy voillant sur ceo faire pluis greindre remedie, del advys & assent avantditz & al priere des ditz Coes ad ordeigne & establie, q si de&ute soit trovee en les ditz deux Justices de la Pees ou Justices dassises & le Viscount ou Soutzviscount del Countee ou tiele riote assemble ou route se ferra, touchant lexecucion qils doient faire p 9tue del dit estatut & dont mesme lestatut fait mendon, qadonqes al instance de la ptie grevee, issera Comission le Roy desouz son g*unt seal, denquerer sibien de la 9itee del cas & de la matier originale pr la ptie compleignante, come de la de&ute ou de&utes des ditz Justices Viscount ou Soutzviscount celle ptie supposez, a adresser as sufficeantz psones indifferentz a la n&iacion & ad vis du

and moreover, that the justices of peace dwelling nearest in every county where such rout, assembly,

[and1] riot of people should be made hereafter, together with the sheriff or under sheriff of the same counties, and also the justices of assises for the time that they shall be in their sessions, in case that any such riot, assembly, or rout be made in their presence, shall make execution of this statute, every one of them upon pain of an C li. to be paid to the hang, as often as they shall be found in default of execution of the same statute: And forasmuch as many riots, routs, and assemblies have been made in divers parts of the realm, since the making and proclamation of the same statute, because that the same statute hath not been put in due execution, as our sovereign lord the King hath perceived by divers and grievous complaints to him made in this present Parliament; the same our lord the On default of King, willing hereof to provide a better remedy, by the advice and cited statute, assent aforesaid, and at the suit of the said commons, hath ordained and awarded to stablished, that if default be found in the said two justices of the peace, or such default justices of assises, and the sheriff or under sheriff of the county where such riot, assembly, or rout shall be made, touching the execution that they ought to make by virtue of the said statute, and whereof the said statute maketh mention, that then at the instance of the party grieved, the King's commission shall go out under his great seal, to inquire as well of the truth of the case, and of the original matter for the party complainant, as of the default or defaults of the said justices, sheriff, or under-sheriff, in this behalf supposed, to be directed to sufficient and indifferent persons, at the nomination and by the direc-

1 or MS. TV. 2,

294

2 Henry V. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1414

The jury shall be returned by the coroners if the sheriff is in default

Qualification of jurors.

Issues against them.

Jury may be returned by a new sheriff

tion of the chancellor [of the realm] of England; and that the said commissioners presently shall return into the Chancery the inquests and matters before them in this behalf taken and found: And moreover, that the coroners of the same county for the time being, [in which county*] such riot, assembly, or rout shall be made, shall make the panel, upon the said commission returnable, for the time that the sheriff so supposed in default shall continue in his office; which coroners shall return no persons, but only such which have lands, tenements, or rents to the value of x 1. by the year at least; and also that the same coroners shall return upon every of the said persons empanelled at the first day when issues be to be lost, xx s. at the least, and at the second day xl s. at the least, and at the third day C s. at the least, and at every day after the double at the least; which issues so returned by cause of non-appearance of such persons empanelled, shall be adjudged as forfeit to the King, and leviable to his use; and if default be found in the said coroners, touching the return of such persons to be empanelled, or touching the return of such issues, as afore is said, that every of them shall forfeit to the King's use forty pounds: And if it happen that the said sheriff so reputed in default, be discharged of his office at the time that such commission shall be awarded out of the Chancery, that then the new sheriff of the same county, his successor mediate or immediate for the time being, and not the coroners of the same county, shall make the panel upon this commission returnable in manner and form, as the said coroners should do in time when the sheriff so reputed in default continued in his office; and that the same new sheriff 1

1 where

Chaunceller Dengle$re; & q lea elite CSmissiofis meintenant envoient en la Chauncellerie les enquestes & matters devant eux celle ptie prisez & trovez: Et outre ceo q les Corofis de mesme le Countee p* le temps esteantz, ou tiel riote assemble ou route se ferra, ferront les panelles sur le dSe comission retoumables, p* le temps q le Viscount issint en detente supposee estoise en son office; les quelles Corofis retourfiont nulles psones mes tielx q ont ?res tentz on rent a le value de x li. p an a meyns; Et auxi q mesmes les Corofis retourfiont sur chescun des dees psones a empanellerz a le priS jour q&nt issuez sont apdrez xxs.au meyns, & a sede jour xl s. a meyns, & a tierce jour C s. a meyns, & a chescun jour aps le double au meyns; les queux issues issint retomez p cause de non apparance de tielx empanellez Sront adjuggez come forfaitz au Roy & a son oeps levables; Et si defaute soit trovee en les ditz Corofis touchant le reto'ne de tielx gentz a empanellerz, ou touchant le retoume dautielx issues come avant est dit, q chescun de eux pdra al oeps le Roy xl li. Et sil aveigne q le dit Viscount ensi rette en defaute soit descharge de son office a temps q tiel Comission issera hors de la Chauncellerie, qa-donqes le novell Viscount de mesme le Counte, son successour immediat ou mediat pr le temps esteant, & nient les Corofis de mesme le Countee, ferra le panel! sur celle comission, retoumable en les mafi & fonrme come les ditz Corofis ferront en temps qant le Viscount issint rette en defaute esteit en son office; Et q mesme le novell Viscount encourga

295

autiele peine de xl li. en9s le Roi, si ascune defaute en luy soit trovee touchant le retoum dautres psones p luy a empanellerz q nont ?res tentz ou rent a le value de x li. p au, ou de retourne dautielx issues come les ditz CoroSs sont suischargiez de retournir sicome les ditz CoroBs sont a pdre en9s le Roy ceste ptie. Et q le Chaunceller Dengletre p* le temps esteant, si tost come il purra avoir conusance dautiel route assemble ou riote, il face envoier brief le Roy as Justices de la pees & a Viscont ou Soutzviscont del Countee ou ils sont issint faitz, qils mettent lestatut ent fait en execucion sur la peine contenue en ycelle; Et coment q tiel brief ne veigne mye as ditz Justices & Viscont ou Soutzviscont, eux ne §ront pas excusez de la peine avantdite sils ne facent mye execucion del estatut suisdit. P*veu q les Justices & au?s Officers suisditz fer-ront leur offices suisditz as costages du Roy, en alant demrrant & re-toumant en fesantz lour dees offices, p* paiement ent] affaire p le Viscont M. 5. de mesme le Countee p* le temps esteant, p endentures entre le dit Viscont & les ditz Justices & autres Officers suisditz afaires de le paiement suisdit, dont le dit Viscont sur son accompte en lescheqer purra avoir due allouance: Et q tielx riotours atteintz de gauntz & haynoses riotes eient emprisonement dun an entier a meyns, sanz estre lesse hors du prisone p bailie mainprys ou en au? maSe durant lan suisdit: Et q les riotours atteintz des petitz riotes eient emprisonement come semble melx a

shall incur like pain of forty pounds to the King, if any default in him be found touching the return of other persons by him empanelled, which have not lands, tenements, or rents to the value of ten pounds by year, or [of1] returning such issues [which 2] the said coroners be above charged to return, as the said coroners are to lose to the King in this behalf. And that the chancellor of England for the time being, as soon as he may have knowledge of such riot, assembly, or rout, shall cause to be sent the King's writ to the justices of the peace, and to the sheriff or under-sheriff of the county where they be so [made,8] that they shall put the statute (4) in execution upon the pain contained in the same; and though that such writ come not to the said justices (5) sheriff, or under-sheriff, they shall not be excused of the pain aforesaid, if they make not execution of the said statute. Provided, always, that the said justices, and other officers aforesaid, shall execute their offices aforesaid, at the King's costs, in going [and continuing 6] in doing their said offices, by payment thereof to be made by the sheriff of the same county for the time being, by indentures betwixt the sheriff and the said justices and other officers aforesaid to be made of the payment aforesaid, whereof the said sheriff upon his account in the Exchequer may have due allowance: And that such rioters attainted of great and heinous riots, shall have one whole year's imprisonment at the least, without being let out of prison by bail, mainprise, or in any other manner during the year aforesaid: And that the rioters attainted of petty riots shall have imprisonment as best

1 for 2 as

3 committed 4 thereof made

and 6 tarrying and returning

A writ from Chancery to execute the said recited statute.

How justices and officers shall be paid.

Punishment of rioters.

296

.2 Henry V. Stat. 1.

A.D. 1414.

shall seem to the King or to his council; and that the fines of such rioters attainted, shall be by the said justices increased and [put to1] greater sums than they were wont to be [put] in such cases before this time, in aid and supportation (*) of the justices and other officers afore-Kveiy able said in this behalf: And that the

SStottoo? Kins's Ke?e PeoPle> beins 8uffident

justices and to travel in the county where such repr&L^ots. routs, assemblies, or riots be, shall be assistant to the justices, commissioners, sheriff, or under-sheriff of the same county, when they shall be reasonably warned, to ride with the said justices, commissioners, and sheriff, or under-sheriff, in aid to resist such riots, routs, and assemblies, upon pain of imprisonment, and to make fine and ransom to the King: And that the bailiffs of franchises shall cause to be impanelled sufficient persons as before, upon pain to lose to the King forty pounds, in case that such sufficient persons may be found within the same franchises. And that like ordinances and pains shall hold place, and take effect in cities, boroughs, and other [places and towns4] infranchised, which have justices of the peace within the cities, boroughs, () and other places aforesaid; and that this statute shall begin to hold place presently after the proclamation thereof made.

Franchises.

Cities, boroughs, and towns corporate.

Commencement of act

1 sette in MS. Tr. 2.

2 sette MS. Tr. 2.

8 of the costs

4 towns, and places 6 towns

Roy ou a son Conseifi; Et q les fyns dicelles riotours atteintz soient p les ditz Justices encressez & mys a greindres somes qils ne soloient estre mys en tielx cases devant ces heures, en aide & supportacion de les costages des Justices & au& Officers suisditz celle ptie: Et q les lieges du Roy esteantz sufficeantz p* tPvailler en le Countee ou tielx routes assembles ou notes sont, soient assistentz as Justices Comissiofis Yiscont & Soutz-viscont de mesme le Countee, qant ils Sront resonablement gamiz, p* chivacher ove les ditz Justices Comis-sioners & Viscont ou Soutzviscont en aide de resistence de tielx notes routes & assemblez, sur peine dem-prisonement & faire fyn & ranceon a Roy; Et q les Baillifs des franchises facent empaneler sufficeantz gentz come desuis, sur peine de pdre au Roy xl ii. en cas q tielx psones sufficeantz prront estre trovez deinz mesmes les franchises. Et q sem-blables ordeignances & peines teignent lieu & force en Citees Burghs & autres Villes & lieux enfranchisez, queux ount Justices de la pees deins les Citees Burghs Villes & autres lieux suisditz; et q cest estatut comenSa a tenir lieu meinten^nt aps la pclamacion ent fait.

A.D. 1414.

2 Henry V.

297

b margins lotali.

3lfa statute He eoHe 8mto.

OTHER STATUTES of the Same Year.

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Loud. III.

m. 5:

Priflment, q les Justices de la pees

desore enav*nt affaires deinz les Countees Dengletre, soient faitz de les pluis sufficeantz psones demJTantz en mesmes les Countees, p advis du Chanceller & Conseyll le Boy, sanz pndre auts psones demrantz on foreins Countees a tiel office occupier, forspris les & les Justices dassises ore nomez & anomerz p le Boy & son Conseil; & forspris auxi les Chiefs Seneschals du Boy des ?res & Wes del Duchee de Lancastre en le North & le South p? le temps esteantz.

Statute the Second.

First, that the justices of the peace from henceforth to be made within the counties of England, shall be made of the most sufficient persons dwelling in the same counties, by the advice of the chancellor and of the King's council, without taking other persons dwelling in foreign counties to execute such office, except the lords and the justices of assises now named and to be named by the King and his council; and except all the King's chief stewards of the lands and seigniories of the dutchy of Lancaster, in the north parts, and in the south, for the time being.

4 HENRY V. A.D. 1415-16.

Enmargine

lotali.

Jttatuta He [eoHem] 3imo 4.

STATUTES of the same Fourth Year. A.D. 1416.

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. III. m. 3.

Frifiement q la grande Chartre & la Chartre de la Foreste & toutz au?s estatutz & ordeinances faitz en son temps & es temps de ses nobles pgenito'S Bois Dengletre & nient re-pellez soient fermement tenuz & gardez en toutz pointz.

JStatute the Second.I

it

First, that the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Forest, and all other statutes and ordinances made in his time, and in the times of his noble progenitors Kings of England, and not repealed, shall be firmly holden and kept in all points.

I.

Justices of the peace shall be appointed from the residents:

Exceptions.

L

Charters and

statutes

confirmed.

298

9 HENRY V. A.D. 1421.

IV. Recital of the Statute 14 Edw. m. stat 1. cb. 6.

Justices may amend the defaults in records and process after judgement

AJX1421.

Mutntu He 21mto none.

Botah.

STATUTES OF the Ninth Year.

Statute the First.

At the Parliament holden at , the second day of May, the ninth year of the reign of King Henry the fifth after the conquest, the same our lord the King, by the assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the special instance and request of the commons, assembled in the same Parliament, hath caused to be ordained and stablished certain statutes and ordinances in the form following.

*# Item, whereas it was ordained and stablished in the Statute made the fourteenth year of King Edward the third after the conquest, that for misprision of the clerk in any place wheresoever it be, the process of the plea should not be avoided nor discontinued, by mistaking in writing one letter or syllable too much or too little, but as soon as the thing is perceived, by challenge of the party, or in other manner, it should hastily be amended in [a due *] form, without giving advantage to the party that challengeth the same because of such misprision; the King our sovereign lord considering the diversity of opinions which have been upon the said statute, and to put the thing in more open knowledge, hath declared and ordained at this time, by authority of this present Parliament, that the justices before whom such plea or record is [made,2 ] or shall be depending, as well by adjournment as

1 due 2 was,

Ex Rot Stat in Turr. Lond!. III. m. 2.

U Plement tenuz a Westm le sede jour de Maii lan du reigne del Roy Henry quint puis le conquest noevesme, mesme nre (* le Roi del assent des #rs espuelx & temporelx & a les espale instance & request des Coes assemblez a ceo mesme plement fist ordeiS & establir Steins estatutz & ordinances en la f^me qensuit.

Item come ordeine fait & establie ifrnN.L en lestatuit fait lan quatorszisme del Roy E. tierce puis le conquest, q parte, mesprision du clerk en qeconcfc place q ceo soit ne soit geesse du plee [anientie1] ne discontinue p mes-prendre en escrivant un tre ou un silable trop ou trop poy, mes' si tost come la chose 8ra apeieu p chalange du ptie ou en autre ma8e, soit hasti-ment amendee en due forme s&nz doner avantage au ptie q ceo chalanga p cause de tiel mesprision; le Roy nre SoVayn (T considerant la di9sitee doppinions queux len avoit s1 le dit estatut, & p* mettre la chose en le pluis o9te conisance, ad declares & ordeinez au psent p auctorite du cest plement, q les Justices dev^nt queux tiel plee ou recorde est fuit ou §ra pendant, sibien p ajo'nement come p

1 Interlined on the roll.

9 Henry V. Stat 1.

299

voie derrour ou autrement, eient poar & auctorite de amender tiels record© & pees come av*nt est dit solonc la forme de mesrne lestatuit, sibien aps juggement en tiel plee record© ou pees renduz come avant le juggement renduz en tiel plee recorde ou pees, tant come les ditz recorde & pees soient devant eux, en mesme le marie come Justices avoient poair de amen-dre tielx record & pees avant juggement renduz, p force del dit estatut en temps du dit Roy E. fait come desuis: Et durrera cest ordinance tanq, a plement q §ra tenuz priffie-ment aps la revenue du nre So9ain #r en Englet!re depdela.

by way of error or otherwise, shall have power and authority to amend such record and process, as afore is said, according to the form of the same statute, as well after judgement in any such plea, record, or process given, as before judgement given in any such plea, record, or process, as long as the same record and process is before them, in the same manner as the justices had power to amend such record and process before judgement given by force of the said statute made in the time of the said King Edward. And that this ordinance endure till the Parliament that shall be first holden after the return of our sovereign lord the King into England from beyond the sea.

STATUTES OE KING HENRY THE SIXTH.

2 HENRY VI. A.D. 1423.

Ex Rot Stat in Turr. Land. IV.

m. 12,11, 10.

A°. 2. TTENRICTJS Dei gra Rex Angt & Franc & Dns Hifcn Vic Midd, sattm. Quedam statuta & ordinacoes in ultimo pliamento nfo edita tibi mittim9 in forma patenti, mandantes qd statuta & ordinacoes ilia in locis infra ballivam tuam ubi magis ex-pediens fUit publice ex parte nfa pclamari, & ea quantum in te est firmi? observari fac juxta tenorem eo^dem. T. me ipo apud Westm primo die Julii Anno r 2 sedo.

Au Plement tenuz a Westm le xxmc jour Doctofer lan du regne dd

L

HENRY by the grace of God, King The second of England and France and lord of year* Ireland, to the sheriff of Middlesex, greeting. Certain statutes and ordinances in our last Parliament made, we send to thee in form patent, commanding that those statutes and ordinances, in the places within thy bailiwick where it may be most expedient, thou do cause to be publicly proclaimed on our behalf, and as far as in thee lieth to be firmly observed, according to the tenor of the same.

Witness myself at Westminster the first day of July in the second year of our reign.

At the Parliament holden at Westminster the twentieth day of October,

300

2 Henry VI.

A.D. 1423.

i.

Liberties

confirmed.

[xm.]

XVI*

The price of a lb. of silver troy weight fixed at 30 s. over the feshion.

Saving as to the master of the Mint

in the second year of the reign of King Heniy the sixth after the conquest, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the special instance and request of the commons of England being in the same Parliament, certain ordinances, declarations and statutes were made and stablished to the honour of God, and for the wealth of the King and of his realm, in the form following.

First, that Holy Church, and all the lords spiritual and temporal, and all other the King's people, having liberties and franchises, and also all the cities and boroughs shall have and enjoy all their liberties and franchises well used, and not repealed, nor by the common law repealable.

Item, forasmuch as great scarcity of white money is within the realm, because that silver is bought and sold not coined, at the price of xxxii s. the pound of troy, whereas the same pound is no more of value at the coin than xxxii. s. abated for the coinage twelve-pence; it is ordained and established, for the increase of (1) white money, that no man, of what estate or condition that he be within [the1] realm, shall buy or sell no silver in plate [piecea] nor in masse, being as good of allay as the sterling, above thirty shillings the pound of troy, over the fashion, upon the pain of forfeiture of the double value of as much as he buyeth or selleth contrary to this ordinance; and that the one half be forfeit to the King's use, and the other half to the use of him that will sue and prove the same forfeiture. Provided always, that they which go to the coin, may have and take of the master of the same coin, according as is lawfully contained in the indentures thereof made betwixt the King and him; and also the master of the said Mint for the time being, may take and deliver as is contained in the said indentures, without taking more, for the ease and profit of the common people. |Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. ll.J

1 the saide MS. Tr. 2.

2 broken Vide Rot. Parl. nu. 54.

Roy Henry le Bisme puis le conquest Second, p avys & assent des espuelx & teraporelx & a les espales instances & requests des Coes Dengle-fae en mesme le plement eeteantz, Steinz ordinances dedaradons & esta-tutz furent faitz & establiez al hono1 2 * de Dieu & p* le ben du Roy & de son dit Roialme en la forme ensuant.

Et primes q Seinte Esglise & toutz les frs espuelx & temporelx & toutz les autres lieges du Roy aiantz libteea & fraunchises & auxi toutz les Citees & Burghs aient & enjoient toutz lour libtees & fraunchises bien usez & nient repellez ne p la coe ley re-pellablez.

Item pr ceo q g*unde escarcite de blank monoie est dedeins le Royalme a cause q argent est achatuz & venduz nient coignnez a la price de xxxii s. la fi. du troie, la ou mesme le ti. nest pluis de value a le coigne q xxxii s. abatuz p* le cunage xij d .: Ordeinez est & establiz pur lencrece du la dit blank monoie, q nufi homme de quell estate ou condicion qil soit deinz le dit Roialm enechate nevende null argent en plate depesse ne en masse esteant si bone dallaie come le Sterling, outre xxx s. le livre du troie outre la fadion, sur le peine de forfaiture de le double value datant come il achate ou vende en contraire de ceste Ordinaunce; & q lun moit soit forfait al oeps du Roy & lautre moite al oeps de celuy <} voet suer & pver mesme la forfaiture. Purveux toutz foitz qe ceux qi aient a le coigne puissent avoir & prendre del Maistre de mesme le coigne solonc ceo q est loial-ment contenuz en les endentures pentre le Roy et le dit Maistre ent faitz: Et auxi le Maistre de la Mynt susdit p1* le temps esteant puis pndre & deliver sicome il est contenu en les ditz endentures saunz pluis pndre, pr laise & gfit de le coe poeple. {Rep., 21 Ja. 1. c. 28. s. ll.J

The chapters now numbered XVI., XVII. were in former editions numbered XIII.,

XIV,

301

Item q null Orfeour ne 09our dargent deinz la Citee de Loundres vende null o9aigne dargent sil ne soit auxi fyne come le sftyng, forspris ceo q bosoigne soudure en la fesance, le quell soit alowe solonc ceo q la Soudour soit necessarie p* estre o9ee en ycetf. Et q null Orfeour ne Juellour nautre homme q oepere har-neis dargent, mette nuH dicell a vendre deinz la dite Citee dev*nt ceo q soit touchee ovec le touche del teast de libarde, ceo q puise resonablement porter mesme le touche, & auxi ove un marque ou signe del o9our dicell, sur peine de la forfaiture de la double come desuis est dit, et qe le marque ou signe de chescun Orfeour soit conuz a les Gardeins de mesme le mistier. Et sil poet estre trove qe le dit Gardein de la touche suisdite touche ascun del hnoys ovek le test del libard sil ne soit auxi fyne en allaie come lesterlyng, q adonqs le dit Gardein de le touche, p* chescune chose ensy pve nient si bon en alaye come le dit es?lyng, forface la double value au Roy & a la ptie come il est ycy desuis recite. Et auxi semblablement est ordeine en la Citee DeVwyk, Novell Chastelt sur Tyne Lincoln Norwice Bristowe Salesbury & Coventre q chescun ait dieses touches solonc lordi-nance des Mairs Baillifs ou Go9nours de mesmes les Villes; Et q null Orfeour nautres Odours dargent, ne Gardeyn des ditz touches dedeins ycelles Villes, mette a vent ne touche null Argent en autre made q nest ordeine pdev*nt deinz la Citee de Loundres sur peine del forfaiture av*ntdit. Et enoutre q null Orfeour nautre 09our dargent dedehiz le Roialme Dengle?re, ou null touche est ordine come desuis est dit o9ee null argent sil ne soit auxi fyn en alaie come lesterlyng, Et q lorfeour ou

Item, that no goldsmith, nor worker of silver within the city of London, sell any workmanship of silver, unless it be as fine as the sterling, except the same need souder in the making, which shall be allowed according as the souder is necessary to be wrought in the same. And that no goldsmith nor jeweller, nor any other that worketh harness of silver, shall set any of the same to sell within [the1] city, before that it be touched with the touch of the leopard's head, if it may reasonably bear the same touch, and also with the mark or sign of the workman of the same, upon pain of forfeiture of the double, as afore is said; and that the mark and sign of every goldsmith be known to the wardens of the same craft. And if it may be found, that the said keeper of the touch touch any such harness with the leopard's head, except it be as fine in allay as the sterling, that then the keeper of the touch, for every thing so proved not as good in allay as the said sterling, shall forfeit the double value to the King and to the party, as is above recited. And also it is likewise ordained in the city of York, Newcastle upon Tine, Lincoln, Norwich, Bristow, Salisbury, and Coventry, that every one shall have divers touches, according to the ordinance of the mayors, bailiffs, or governors of the same towns; and that no goldsmith, nor other [workers2] of silver, nor keeper of the said touches within the same towns, shall set to sale, or touch any silver in other manner than is ordained before within the city of London, upon pain of the said forfeiture. And moreover that no goldsmith, or other worker of silver within the realm of England, where no touch is ordained as afore is said, shall work any silver, except it be as fine in allay as the sterling, and that

1 the saide MS. Tr. 2.

worker MS. Tr. 2.

None shall sell any work of silver, unless it be as fine as the sterling; nor until it be touched with the leopard's head, and the goldsmith's mark.

The penalty on the keeper of the touch, who toucheth any vessel not sufficient in fineness.

Several cities and towns shall have their several touches.

In places where there is no touch ordained, the goldsmith shall set his mark.

302

2 Henry VI

A.D. 1423.

Justices of the peace, mayors, &c. may inquire of, hear, and determine the offences aforesaid.

Proviso as to the punishment of the master of the Mint.

m.

Recital of the Statute 9 Hen. V. st. 1. ch. 4. reciting Stat. 14 Edw. HL st. 1. c. 6. for amendment of errors in process, by misprision of clerks, as well after judgment as before:

the goldsmith or worker of the same silver set upon the same his mark or sign before he set it to sale; and if it be found that it is not as fine as the sterling, that then the worker of the same shall forfeit the double value, in manner and form as before is recited within the city of London. And (*) the justices of peace, mayors and bailiffs, and all other having power as justices of peace, shall hear, inquire, and determine, by bill, plaint, or in other manner, of all that do contrary to the said ordinances, and thereof [to2] make due execution by their discretions: Provided always that if the master of the Mint which now is, or which for the time shall be, offend, or have offended in his office of the said Mint, that then he be punished and justified according to the forih of the said indentures. {So much as relates to the master of the Mint, rep., 33 Vict c. 10. s. 20.J

it*

1 that 2 do

lo9our diceft argent mette sur yceft son marque ou signe dev*nt oeo q le mette a la vent; et bLL soit trove q ne soit auxi fine come lesterlyng qadonqs le 09our dicefl forface le double value en maSe & forme come il est dev*nt recitez deinz le Citee de Loundres. Et q les Justices de la Pees, Mairs & Baillife & toutz autres aiantz poiar come Justices de Pees, oient enquer-gent & de?minent p bille pleint ou en autre mafle de toutz ceux q facent le contrair de mesmes les Ordinances, & ent facent due execucion solonc lour discrecions: Purveux toutz foitz q si le Maistre del Mynt qore est ou quy p* le temps ?ra offende ou ad offenduz en son office du dit Mynte qadonqs soit il correcte & justifie solonc la

forme de les endentures av*ntditz. {So much as relates to the master of the Mint, rep., 33 Vict. c. 10. s 20.J


4 HENRY YI. A.D. 1425-6.

STATUTES of the Fourth Year of K. HENRY, VI.


Item, whereas at the Parliament holden at Westminster, the second day of May, the ninth year of the reign of King Henry father of our lord the King that now is, it was rehearsed, how that at the Parliament holden at Westminster the xiv. year of King Edward the Third, it was ordained by the authority of the said Parliament, that for misprision of a clerk, in whatsoever place it be, no process or plea should be undone nor discontinued, by oversight in writing a letter or syllable too much or too little, but as soon as the thing were perceived by challenge of the parties, or in other manner, it should be

Ex Rot. Stat in Turr. Lond. IV.

m. 9, 8.

Item come au plement tenuz a

Westm le ij. jour du Maij lan du regne le Roi Henri pier nre fr le Roi qorest ix, reherce foist coment au plement tenuz a Westm lan du regne le Roi E. tierce xiiij, ordeigne fuit p auctorite du dit plement q pur mes-prison de derc en qconqj place ceo soit, ne soit pcesse de plee aniente ne discontinue p mesprendre en escrivant une Ire trop ou trop poy, mes sitost come le chose §ra apeeiue p chalange des parties ou en autre ma&e soit

4 Henry VI.

303

hastivement amende en due fourme, sanz doner avantage a partie q ceo chalange p cause de tiel mesprison; le dit nadgairs Roi Henri considerant la di9site doppinions q lem avoit sur le dit estatuit, & p* mettre le chose en pluis o9t conysauns declara & ordina p auctorite du dit plement tenuz le dit an ix, q les Justices de^nt queux tiel plee ou recorde est fait ou §ra pendant, sibien p ajVnement come p voie derrour ou autrement, eient poiar & auctorite damender tielx recorde & pcesse come deyant est dit, solonc la fourme de mesme lestatuit, sibien aps juggement en tiel plee recorde ou pcesse renduz come dev*nt le juggement renduz en tielx plee recorde ou pcesse, tantcome les ditz recorde & pcesse soient devant eux, en mesme le ma&e come Justices avoient poiar damender tielx recorde & pcesse deyant juggement renduz p force du dit estatuit en temps le dit Roi E. fait come desuis; la queie ordinance endureroit tanq al pschein plement q Sroit prifl-ment tenuz aps le revenue du dit Roi Henri le pier en Engletre dep dela, et la queie ore est de?mine p la mort du dit nadgairs Roi Henri le pier: le Roi nre so9ein fT p ad vis & assent Iditz ad OTdine & establie q le dit estatuit & effect dicett fait le dit an ix, teigne force vigo* & effect en cftun recorde & pcesse sibien aps juggement renduz sur $dit passe come sur matire en leie plede, come estatut vaillable & effectuell en ley a toutz jours adurer.

hastily amended in due form, without giving advantage to the party that challengeth the same because of such misprision; the said late King Henry, considering the diversities of opinions which men had upon the said statute, and to put the thing in more open knowledge, did declare and ordain by authority of the said Parliament holden the said ninth year, that the justices before whom such plea or record is [made *] or shall be depending, as well by adjournment as by way of error or otherwise, shall have power and authority to amend such record and process, [as well after judgement given as before,2] by force of the said statute made in the time of the said King Edward (3 ); which ordinance should endure till the next Parliament, which should be first holden after the return of the said King Henry the father into England from beyond the sea, and which now is determined by the death of the said late King Henry the father: Our The said sovereign lord, by the advice and assent aforesaid, hath ordained and after judgment established, that the said statute, and the effect of the same, made the said ninth year, shall hold strength, force, and effect, in every record, and process [of the same,] as well after judgement given upon a verdict passed, as upon [a matter4] in law pleaded, as a statute available and effectual in law to endure for ever. Provided always, Exception as

2 as afore is said, according to the form of the same statute, as well after judgment in any such plea, record, or process given, as before judgment given in any such plea, record, or process, as long as the same record and process is before them; in the same manner as the justices had power to amend such record and process before judgment given, see St. 9 Ben. V\

St. 1« Cm 4.

3 as above, MS. Tr. 2.

4 matter MS. Tr. 2.

304

4 Henry VI.

AJ). 1425-6.

to Wales, and records of outlawry.

that this statute do not extend to records and processes in the parts of Wales, nor to records and processes whereby any person is or shall be outlawed at any man's suit.

Purveu toutz foitz q cest estatut ne se extende as recordes & gcesses es parties de Qales ne as recordes & pcesses p queux ascune psone est ou sra utlage al suyt dascuny.

I.

Indictments found in the King's Bench by jurors suspected, or unduely procured;

before any exigent for outlawry, on any such indictments, writs of capias shall be awarded into the counties where the party is indicted, and of which he is named.

6 HENRY VI. A.D. 1427.



First, for that divers of the King's faithful subjects by false practice, covin, and conspiracy of certain evil persons be indicted before our lord the King in his bench, of divers felonies and treasons, by suspect jurors, hired and procured to the same by confederacy and covin of the said conspirators, by force of which indictments a capias is awarded to the [sheriffs1] of the county where the said bench is, returnable within two or four days, at which day, if the party so indicted come not, an exigent is awarded, whereby the goods and chattels of such persons indicted be forfeit to our lord the King, to the utter undoing of divers of the King's faithful subjects, as the same our lord the King hath conceived by the grievous complaint of the said commons, made to him in the said Parliament; our said lord the King willing in this case to provide remedy, hath ordained, by the advice and assent [of the lords,2] that before any exigent be awarded against such persons indicted before the King in his said bench, writs of capias shall be directed, as well to the sheriff or sheriffs of the county wherein they be (*) indicted, as to the sheriff or sheriffs of the county whereof they be named in the indictments; the same capias having

1 sheriff

aforesaid 8 jo

Ex Rot Stat. in Twrr. Loud. IV.

m. 7.

En primes pur ceo q di9s des loi&lx lieges nre dit fr le Roy, p faux ymaginacion comettement & con-spiracie des Steins malefeso'S, sont enditez devant le Roy en son Bank de di9ses felonies & tresons, p jurrors suspectz & a ceo p confederate & conjecture des ditz conspirator lowez & pcurez, p force des queux enditementx Capias est agarde al Viscount del Countee ou le dit Bank est, retornable deinz deux ou quatre jors, a quell jo1, si la partie endite ne veigne Exigeni est agarde, p qoi lea biens & chateux des ditz enditz sont forfaitz au Roy, a final destraccion de di9s des loialx lieges de n?e dit fr le Roy, si come mesme nre ad oonceu a la grevouse compleint des ditz Coes a luy faite en le dit plement; Nre dit f* le Roi voillant en ceo cas purvoir de remedie ad ordine p advys & assent fditz, q avant q ascun exigende soit agardez en9s tielx enditez dev*nt le Roy en son dit Bank, soient briefe de Capias directz sibn al Viscont ou Viscontz del Countee en le quett ils sont ensi enditez come al Viscount ou Visconntz del Countee dount ils sont nomez en les enditementz; aiantz mesmes les Capias lespace des sys sepmains au meynes ou pluis long temps p les

A.D. 14-27.

6 Henry VI.

30:1

discrecions des Justices si le cas ceo requirt devftnt la retorne dicelles, les «Iunix briefs issint retornez gcedent les Justicez en maSe come ils ount fait devant ces heures; et si ascune Exigent! soit agarde ou ascune ut-lagarie pnuncie en aps en9s tielx enditez devant le retorne des ditz briefs soit celle Exigend issint agarde ovec la utlagarie ent pnuncie voide & tenuz per null: Et durera ceste ordinance tanqil plerra a nre fr le Roy.

the space of six weeks at the least, or longer time, by the discretion of the said justices, if the case require it, before the return of the same; which writs so returned, the justices shall proceed in the manner as they have done before this time; and if any exigend be awarded, or any outlawry pronounced hereafter against such persons indicted, before the return of the said writs, the same exigent so awarded, with the outlawry thereof pronounced, shall be void and holden for none: And this ordinance shall endure as long as shall please the King.

8 HENRY VI. A.D. 1429.

A*. 8.

STATUTES of the Eighth

Ex. Rot. Stat in Tim\ JLond. IV. m. 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.

AD omipotentis Dei & See matris |

ecctie laudem & honorem, Xpia-

nissiraus this nr Henricus Dei gfa

Rex Angt & Franc & Dns Hifen |

illustris, in parliamento suo apud \

Westm in Crastino Sci Mathei Apti

anno regni sui octavo tento, de

avisamento & assensu Prelatog gSum

& Magnatum regni sui Angt, & ad

sjialem requisicoein ac de assensu

Coitatis ejusdem regni in pliamento

pdeo existen, quedam statuta & ordi-

nacoes g coi utilitate dci regni, &

psertiin g bona & Sana gubernacoe ac

debita legis execucoe hend in eodem,

fecit in forma subsequenti.

In prim is quia plati & Clerus regni Angt ad convocacoem evocati, eogq, svientes & familiares qui cum eisdem

Year of K. HENRY, VI.

rpO the laud and honour of Almighty God, and of the Holy Mother the Church, our most noble Christian lord Henry by the grace of God,

Bang of England and France, and Lord of Ireland, in his Parliament holden at Westminster the morrow after Saint Matthew the Apostle, the eighth year of his reign, by the advice and assent of the prelates (1) and great men of his realm of England, and at the special request and assent of the commons of the same realm, being in the said Parliament, hath made certain statutes and ordinances for the common profit of the said realm, and especially for the good and wholesome government and due execution of the law to be had in the same, in the form following.

First, because the prelates and I. clergy of the realm of England called to the Convocation, and their servants tion and 1 2

1 nobles MS. Tr. 2.

2 by the

U

8 Henry VI.

A.D. 1429.

their servants, shall have all such liberties as the lords and commons of Parliament

VII. Electors of knights of the shires shall have 40 s. a year freehold, and be resident.

and familiars that come with them to such Convocation, oftentimes and commonly be arrested, molested, and inquieted; our said lord the King willing graciously in this behalf to provide for the security and quietness of the said prelates and clergy, at the supplication of the same prelates and clergy, and by the assent of the (}) great men and commons aforesaid, hath ordained and established, that [all1 2 3] the clergy hereafter to be called to the Convocation by the King's writ, and their servants and familiars, shall for ever hereafter fully use and enjoy such liberty or [defence *] in coming, tarrying, and returning, as the (4) great men and commonalty of the realm of England, called or to be called to the King's Parliament, do enjoy, and were wont to enjoy, or in time to come ought to enjoy.

# # * # * Item, whereas the elections of knights of shires (5) to come to the Parliaments of [our lord] the King, in many counties of [the realm of] England, have now of late been made by very great, [outrageous,] and excessive number of people dwelling within the same counties [of the realm of England,] of the which most part was [of6] people of small substance, [and7] of no value, whereof every of them pretended a voice equivalent, as to such elections to be made, with the most worthy knights and esquires dwelling within the same counties; whereby manslaughters, riots, batteries, and divisions among the gentlemen and other people of the same counties, shall very likely rise and be, unless convenient [and due] remedy be provided in this

1 nobles MS. Tr. 2.

Not in original.

3 suerte MS. Tr. 2.

4 nobles or MS. Tr. 2.

5 chosen MS. Tr. 2.

6 by MS. Tr. 2. * or

ad convocacoem hujusmodi veniunt, sepius ac frequent arestant* molestant7 & inquietant*: Yolens igit* dens dns nr Rex g securitate & quiete dcoj platog & Cleri in hac parte gepiSe grose, ad supplicacoem eogdem Pre-latog & Cleri & de assensu gSum Magnatum & Coitatis pdcog, ordinavit & statuit qd vocandi in futur ad Convocacoem Cleri ptextu bfis regii, eo^ Uvientes & familares, eadem lifctate sive immunitate veniendo expectando & redeundo plene gaudeant & utantr ppetuis futuris temporib3, quagaudent & gaudere consueverunt sive gaudere debent in futur gSes sive Magnates & Coitas regni Angt ad pliamentu dni Regis vocati sive vocandi


Item come lez eleccions dez Chi-valers des Countees esluz a' venir as plements du Roi en plusours Countees DengleSre, ore tarde ount este faitz p trop gunde & excessive nombre dez M. gents demrrantz deinz mesraes les Countes, dount la greindre ptie estoit p gentz sinon de petit avoir ou de nuH valu, dount chescun ptende davoir [voice1] equivalent quant a tiek eleccions faire ove les pluis valantz chivalers ou esquiers demurrantz deins mesmes les Countes; dount homicides notes baties & devisions entre les gentiles & autres gentz de mesmes les Countees $isemblablement sourdront & 8ront, si covable remedie ne soit 1 Interlined on the roll.

8 Henry VI.

307

p*veu en celle ptie: Nfe (r le Roy

considerant les pmisses ad p*veu &

ordene p auctorite de cest plement, q

les Chivalers des Cpuntes deins le

Roialme Dengletre, a esliers a venir

a les plementz en a^s atenirs, soient

esluz en chescun Counte p gentz

demrantz & receantz en icelles, JRep., 14 Geo. 3. c. 58.J donnt chescun eat

frank tent a le valu de xl s. p an al

meins outre les reprises; & q ceux q §ront ensy esluz soient demrantz & re-ceantz deins mesmes les Countes; JRep., 14 Geo. 3. c. 58.J & ceux qi ount le

greindre nombre de yceulx qi poient

expendre p an xl s. & outre come

desuis est dit, soient retoumez p les

Viscontz de chescun Countee Chivalers

pur le plement, p indentures ensealles

pentre les ditz Viscountz & les ditz

eslisors ent affaires; & eit chescun

Yicont Dengle?re poair p auctorite

suisdite dexaminer sur les seintz

Ev*ngelies chescun tiel elisour, comefen

il poet expendre p an: Et si ascun

Viscount retorne Chivalers pur venir

au plement au cont^rie de ycest ordi-

naunce, q les Justices des assises en

lour sessions des assises aient poar

p auctorite suisdite de ceo enquerer;

Et si p inquest ceo soit trove dev*nt

mesmes les Justices, & le Viscount

de ceo duement atteint, qadonqs le

dit Viscount encourge la peine de

behalf: Our lord the King, considering the premisses, hath provided, [ordained, and stablisbed,1] by authority of this present Parliament, that the knights of the shires to be chosen within the same realm of England to come to the Parliaments [of our lord the King] hereafter to be holden, shall be chosen in every county [of the

realm of England,] by people dwelling and resident in the same [counties,] JRep., 14 Geo. 3. c. 58.J whereof every one of

them shall have free [land or] tenement to the value of forty shillings by the year at the least above all charges; and that they which shall be so chosen shall be dwelling and resident within the same counties; JRep., 14 Geo. 3. c. 58.J and such as have the greatest number of them that may expend forty shillings by year and above, as afore is said, shall be returned by the sheriffs of every county, knights for the Parliament, by indentures sealed betwixt the said sheriffs and the said choosers so to be made; and every sheriff [of the realm] of England shall have power, by the said authority, to examine upon the (*) evangelists every such chooser, how much he may expend by the year: And if any sheriff return knights to come to the Parliament contrary to [the said8] ordinance, (4) the justices of assises in their sessions of assises shall have power by the authority aforesaid, thereof to inquire; and if by inquest the same be found before the (*) justices, and the sheriff thereof be duly attainted, that then the said sheriff shall incur the pain of an hundred pounds to be paid to our lord the King, and also that he have imprisonment by a year, without being let to bail or mainprise; and

The knights elected shall be resident.

Returns of elections by the sheriff^ by indenture.

Sheriffs empowered to examine electors on oath as to their estates.

Justices of

inquire undue returns.

Penalty on sheriff and knights in cases of undue returns.

C tl apaiers a nre f* le Roy; Et auxi qil ait imprisonement pun an saunz estre lessez au bailie ou mainprise;

1 and ordained

2 holy 3 this MS. Tr. 2.

4 that MS. Tr. 2.

6 same MS. Tr. 2.

u 2

308

8 Henry VI.

A.D. 1429.

that the knights for the Parliament returned contrary to the said ordinance shall lose their wages. Provided always, that he which cannot expend forty shillings by year, as afore is said shall in no wise be chooser of the knights for the Parlia-Writs of ment; and that in every writ that ^e^eriff shall hereafter go forth to the sheriffs shall notice to choose knights for the Parliament, this act. mention be made of the said ordi-

nances.



# IX. Item, whereas by the [noble] King

Se^Statute Richard late King of England, after 15 R. II. c. 2, the conquest, the second, at his ^au^t forcible par^amen^ holden at Westminster

the morrow after All Souls, the fifteenth year of his reign, amongst other things, it was ordained and established, that the statutes and ordinances made, and not repealed, of them that make entries with strong hand into lands or tenements, or other possessions whatsoever, and them hold with force, and (1) of them that make insurrections, riots, routs, ridings, [and2] assemblies, in disturbance of the peace, or of the common law, or in affray of the people, should be holden and fully executed; and moreover it is ordained by the same statute, that at all times that such forcible entries be made, and complaint thereof come to the justices of peace, or any of them, that the same justices or justice shall take the power of the county, and shall go, or one of them shall go, to the place where such force is made; and if they find, or he findeth, any holding such place forcibly, after such entry made, they should be taken and put in the next gaol, there to remain convict by the record of the same justices or justice, until they have made fine and ransom to the King; and that all the people of the county, as well sheriffs as other,

Et q les Chivalers p* le plement au contarie la dite ordinance reto'nez pdent lour gages. Purveu toutfoitz q celluy qi ne poet expendre xls. p an come desuis est dit ne soit en ascun mafie elisour des Chivalers pur le plement; Et q en chescun bfe <j issera en aps as viscount p* eslier Chivalers pur le plement soit mention fait des ditz ordinances.

* Item come p le Roy Richard nad-gairs Roi Dengle?re puis le conquest scde, a son plement tenuz a Westra lendemain des Aimes lan de son reign xvme, entre autes choses ordinez estoit & establiez, q les estatutz & ordinances faitz & nient repellez de ceux qi fount entrees ove fort main en tres tentz ou autres possessions qeconqs, & lor teignent eins ove force, et auxi de ceux qi fount insurreccions notes routes chivaches ou assembles, en destourbaunce de la peas ou de la coe ley ou en affraie del poeple, Sroient tenuz & plenement executes; et outre ceo ordine est p mesme lestatut q toutz les foitz q tiels forcibles entres soient faitz, & pleint ent veigne as Justices de peas ou ascun deux, q mesmes les Justices ou Justice pignent ou pigne poair del Countee, & voisent ou voise al lieu ou tiel force soit fait, & sils trovent ou trove ascuns tenantz tiel lieu forciblement aps tiel entre fait soient prisez & inisez en pschien Qaole, a y demrer convictz de record de mesmes les Justices ou Justice tanq> ils eient faitz fyn & rannceon au Roy; Et q toutz gentz de Counte sibien Viscountz come autres soient

1 also

8 Henry VI.

309

entendantz as ditz Justices, de eux enforcier pur arestier tiels male-faisours sur peine demprisonement & de faire fyne & raunceofi au Roy; Et tj en mesme le maSe soit fait de ceux qi fount forcibles entres en benefices au [office1] de Seint Esglise, come en mesme lestatut est contenuz pluis au plein: Et pur taunt q le dit estatut nextende my as entres en tefitz en peisible raafie & aps tenuz ove force, ne si les psones qentront ove force en ?res ou tefitz soient remoevez & voidez dev»nt le venu des ditz Justices ou Justice come devant, ne null peine ordine si le Viscount ne obeie my les maundementz & pcepts des ditz Justices pur executier lor-dinance suisdce, plousours torcenouses & forcibles entres sount faitz de jour en autre en ?res & tefits p ceux qi droit nount; Et auxi dieses douns feoffementz & discontinuances as-cunfoitz faitz as frs & a litres psones puissantz & extorcioners deins les Countes ou ils sount con?santz pur maintenance avoir, & ascuns foitz as tiels psones ensy oustez disconuz, a tiel entent p* delaier & defrauder tiels droiturelx possessours de lour droit & recover a toutz jours, a final disheriteson de plusours des foiak lieges de Roy, & semblable est dencrescer de jour en autre si du remedie ne soit prveu celle ptie: Nre fr le Roy considerant les jbnisses ad ordene, q le dit estatut & toutz autres estatutz de tiels entres ou alienation devant faitz soient tenuz & duement executz; Ajoustant a icelle q si desore en av*nt ascun/ace tiel forcible entre en ires tefitz ou autres possessions, ou eux tiegne forciblement, aps compleint

1 offices Rot. Parl. nu. xviij. (49.)

shall be attending to the said justices, and to assist them to arrest such malefactors, upon pain of imprisonment, and to make fine and ransom to the King; and that in the same manner be done of them that make forcible entries into benefices or offices of Holy Church; as in the same statute is contained more at large: And for that the said statute doth not extend to entries [in1] tenements in peaceable manner, and after holden with force, nor if the persons which enter with force into lands [and2] tenements, be removed and voided before the coming of the said justices or justice, as before, nor any pain ordained if the sheriff do not obey the commandments and precepts of the said justices for to execute the said ordinance, many wrongful and forcible entries be daily made [in1] lands and tenements by such as have no right; and also clivers gifts, feoffments, and discontinuances sometimes made to lord 8, and other puissant persons, and extortioners within the [said] counties where they be conversant, to have maintenance, and sometimes to such persons as be unknown to them so put out, to the intent to delay and defraud such rightful possessors of their right and recovery for ever, to the final disherison of divers of the King's faithful liege people, and likely daily to increase, if due remedy be not provided in this behalf: Our lord the King considering the premisses, hath ordained, that the said statute, and all other statutes of such entries or alienations made in times past, shall be holden and duly executed; joined to the same, that from henceforth where any doth make [any5] forcible entry [in1] lands and tenements or other possessions, or them hold forcibly, after complaint thereof made

1 into 2 or MS. Tr. 2.

3 6uche MS% Tr. 2.

defects of that statute;

recited statute and others confirmed; and extended to forcible detainers.

310

8 Henby VI

A.D. 1429.

The party ousted shall be restored to possession, whether it be vacant or full.

Feoffinents, &c. after each entry, for maintenance, declared void.

within the same county where such entry is made, to the justices of peace, or to one of them, by the party grieved, that the justices or justice so warned, within a convenient time shall cause, or one of them shall cause, the said statute duly to be executed, and that at the costs of the party so grieved; and moreover though that such persons making such entry be present, or else departed before the coming of the said justices or justice, notwithstanding the same justices or justice in some good town next to the tenements so entered, or in some other convenient place, according to their discretion, shall have, or either of them shall have, authority and power to inquire by the people of the same county, as well of them that make such forcible entries [in1] lands and tenements, as of them which the same hold with force; and if it be found before any of them, that any doth contrary to this statute, then the said justices or justice shall cause [to reseise the lands and tenements so entered or holden as afore,2] and shall put the party so put out [in1] full possession of the same lands and tenements so entered or holden as before: And if any person, after such entry into lands or tenements holden with force, make a feoffment or other discontinuance to any lord or other person, to have maintenance, or to take away and defraud the possessor of his recovery in any wise, if after, in assise or other action thereof to be taken or pursued before justices of assises, or other the King's justices whatsoever, by due inquiry thereof to be taken, the same feoffments and discontinuances may be duely proved to be made for maintenance, as afore is said, that then such feoffments, or

1 into

2 the lands and tenements so entred or f

holden as aforesaid to be reseised, 1

ent fait deins mesme le Counte Ion tiel entre soit fait as Justices de Peas ou un de eux p la partie greve, q les Justices ou Justice ensi gamy deins temps covenable facent ou face due-ment executer le dit estatut & ceo as costages del ptie ensi greve; et outre ceo coment q tielx psones faisantz tile entre soient psentz, ou voidez dev*nt la venu des ditz Justices ou Justice, nientmeins mesmes les Justices ou Justice en ascun bone Ville pluis pschein as tentz ensy entrez, ou en ascun lieu covenable solonc lour© dis-crecion, eient & chun de eux eit auctorite & poair denquerer p gentz de mesme le Countee, auxi bien de ceux q fount tielx foreibles entrees en fees & tentz come de ceux q eux teignent ove force; Et si trove soit dev»nt ascun deux q ascun face le conWie de cest estatut, adonqs les ditz Justices ou Justice facent ou face reseiser les fees & tentz ensy entrez ou tenuz come dev*nt, & mettre la ptie ensy oust© en plein possession de mesmes les fees & tentz come dev*nt entrez ou tenuz: Et si ascune psone, aps tiel entre en fees ou tentz tenuz ove force, face feoffement ou autre discontinuance a ascun fr ou autre psone, p1 maintenance avoier ou p1 toller & defrauder le possessour de sa recover en ascun man!, si aps en assise ou autre accion ent destre prise ou prsuez devant Justices des Assises ou autres Justices le Roy qconqs, p dieu en-querre ent appndre purra duement estre gve mesmes les feoffementz & discontinuances estre faitz pT maintenance come desuis est dit q adonqes

8 Henry YI.

311

tielx feoffementz ou autre discontinuance ensy come devant faitz soient voidez irritez & tenuz p* nulle. Et auxi qaunt les ditz Justices ou Justice ferrent tielx enquerrez come devant, facent ou face lour garrantz & pcepts directz al Viscount de mesme le Counte, luy comaundant de par le Roy de fair venir devant eux & chescun deux, psones sufficiantz & indifferentz pluis pscheins demrrantz entour les tentz ensy entrez come devant, den-querrer de tielx entreez; dount chescun qi ?ra enpanelle denquerer en celle ptie ait ?re ou tent de annuel value de xl a p an [au1] meins outre les reprises; Et q le Viscount retoume issuez sur chescun deux au jour de pnl pcept retomable xx s. & al scde jor xl s. & al tierce foitz Cs. & au chescun jo1 aps le double: Et si ascun Viscount ou Bailly deinz frunchchise aiantz retorne de bfe du Roy, soit hicche & ne face duement execucion des ditz pceptz a luy directz pur tielx enquerrez faire, qil forface de9s le Roy xx 1L pr chescun defaut, & outre face fyn & raunceon au Roy. Et q auxifen les Justices ou Justice avantditz come les Justices des assises a lour venir en pais pr assises pndre, eient & chescun de eux ait poair doir & Sminer tielx defautes & negligences des ditz Viscontz & Baillifs & chun de eux, auxifcn p bille al suite del ptie greve pur luy mesme come pur le Roy asuier come p enditement apndre pur le Roy soulement; Et si le Viscont ou Bailly soit duement atteint en celle ptie p

other discontinuance, so as before made, shall be void, frustrate, and holden for none. And also when the Pre<*pt to the said justices or justice make such reSmajury inquiries as before, they shall make, to inquire or one of them shall make, their entries!^ warrants and precepts to be directed to the sheriff of the same county, commanding him of the Kings behalf to cause to come before them, and every of them, sufficient and indifferent persons, dwelling next about the [lands1] so entered as before, to inquire of such entries; whereof Jurors to hare every man, which shall be impanelled 40 per annum, to inquire in this behalf, shall have land or tenement of the yearly value of forty shillings by year at the least, above reprises; and that the sheriff return issues upon every of them at the day of the first precept returnable xx s. and at the second day xl s. and at the third time C s. and at every day after the double: And if any Penalty on the sheriff, or bailiff within a franchise having return of the King's writ, be duty, slack, and make not execution duly of the said precepts to him directed to make such inquiries, that he shall forfeit to the King xx li. for every default, and moreover shall make fine and ransom to the King. And that Proceedings as well the justices or justice aforesaid, as the justices of assises, and for default*, every of them, at their coming into the country to take assises, shall have, and every of them shall have power to hear and determine such defaults and negligences of the said sheriffs and bailiffs, and every of them, as well by bill at the suit of the party grieved for himself as for the King [to sue2] by indictment only to be taken for the King; and if the sheriff or bailiff be duly attainted in this behalf by indictment, or by bill, that

1 tenement!* MS. Tr. 2.

3 to be sued, as

Interlined on the roll.

312

8 Henry VI.

A.D. 1429.

Assise of novel disseisin or action of trespass may be had against him who doth pat oat, or keep oat of possession with force.

Chief officers in cities, &c. may execute this act

Proviso in case of possession for three years.

he which sueth for himself and for the Bang have the one moiety of the forfeiture of xx li. together with his costs and expences; and that the same process be made against such persons indicted or sued by bill in this behalf, as should be against persons indicted or sued by writ of trespass done with force and arms against the peace of the King. And moreover, if any person be put out, or disseised of any lands or tenements in forcible manner, or put out peaceably, and after holden out with strong hand, or after such entry, any feoffment or discontinuance in any wise thereof be made, to defraud and take away the right of the possessor, that the party grieved in this behalf shall have assise of novel disseisin, or a writ of trespass against such disseisor; and if the party grieved recover by assise, or by action of trespass, and it be found by verdict, or in other manner by due form in the law, that the party defendant entered with force into the lands and tenements, or them after his entry did hold with force, that the plaintiff shall recover his treble damages against the defendant; and moreover, that he make fine and ransom to the King. And that mayors, justices or justice of peace, sheriffs, and bailiffs of cities towns and boroughs, having franchise, have in the said cities, towns, and boroughs, like power to remove such entries, and in other articles aforesaid, rising within the same, as the justices of peace and sheriffs in counties and countries aforesaid have. Provided always, that they which keep their possessions with force in any lands [and1] tenements, whereof they or their ancestors, or they whose estate they have in such lands and tenements, have continued their possessions in the same by three years or

1 or MS. Tr. 2.

enditement ou p bille, q celuy qi sue pur luy & pr le Roi eit une moitee de la forfaiture de xx li. ensenblement ou ses costages & expenses; Et q mesme la pcesse soit frit 9s tielx enditees ou suez p bille en celle ptie, sicome 8roit 9s enditez ou suez p bfe de trespas fait ou force & armes encountre la peas du Roy. Et outre ceo si ascun psone soit ouste ou disseisie dascuns ?res ou tentz ove forcible ma9e, ou ouste peisibleraent & aps tenuz dehors ou forte main, ou aps tielle entre ascun feoffement ou discontinuance en ascune mafi ent soit fait pur defrauder & toller le droit del possessour, q la partie greve en celle partie eit assise de novell Disseie ou bfe de fepas 9s tiel disseisor; Et si la ptie greve reco9e p assise ou p accion de fopas, & trove soit p 9dit ou en autre maSe p due forme en ley q la ptie defendant entra ou force en ?res & tentz, ou eux p force aps son entree tiendra, q le pleyntif reco9a ses damages au treble 9s le defendant, & outre ceo qil face fyn & raunceon au Roy. Et q Mairs Justices ou Justice de peas Viscountz & Baillife des Citees Villes & Burghs aiantz franchise, eient en les ditz Citees Villes & Burghs autiel poair de tielx entrees oustier, & en autres articles desuisdces eSgentz deinz ycelles, come ount les Justices de peas & Viscounts en Countes & pais suisdces. Purveu toutz foitz q ceux qi gardent p force lour possessions en ascuns Sres ou tentz, dount ils ou lour auncestres ou ceux queux estat ils ount en tiels Sres & tentz ount con-tenuz lour possessions en ycelles p

313

trois ans ou pluis, ne soient my en-damagez p force de cell© estatut.

Item nfe (r le Roy considerant coment di9ses psones pr lour singuler vengeance & nient de droit, malicious-ment p sotile ymaginacion ount faitz & pcurez de fauxment enditer &

apeller di9sez de sez foialx lieges de dieses tresons felonies & trespas, dev"nt Justices de peas & autres Comissiofls & Justices & autres aiantz poiar de pndre enditementz ou ap-peiles, en di9ses foreins Countees

lit)tees & fraunchises Dengle?re es

queux les ditz lieges ne sount ne

unqes feussent con9santz ne demrantz; p force des queux enditementz & appelles & les pcesses sur eux faitz en les ditz Countees fraunchisez & lifttees, les ditz psones ensy enditez ount este & de jour en autre sount mys en exigent & puis utlagez, & sur ceo lour biens & chatieux Sres & tentz forfaitz k eux en grande pile de lour vies, la ou les ditz psones ensy enditez appellez ou mys en exigent ou utlagez navoient unq, conissance de tielx en-ditement appellez exigentz ne utla-garies; les queux fauxine & malice de jour en autre habundent & encrescent en di9s Countees lifttees & fraunchises Hengletre, en gaunt anientesment pde & ppetuell destruccion de plusors de sez ditz foialx & innocentz lieges, & 9isemblable est dencrescer en aps si remedie covenable ne soit ordene & prveu en celle ptie: Et p* ceo mesme nfe fr le Roy de sa g*ce espale & p auctoritee de cest plement, pur ease salvacion & t*n-quillite de sez foialx lieges de cest Roialine, ad fait ordiner & establir, q sr chun enditement ou appelle p la quelle ascuns des ditz lieges, demur-rantz en autres Countees q la ou tiel

more, be not endamaged by force of this statute.

Item, our lord the Bang considering how divers persons for their private revenge, and not of right, maliciously by subtile imagination have caused and procured many of his faithful liege people falsely to be indicted and appealed of several treasons, felonies, and trespasses, before justices of the peace, and other commissioners and justices, and others having power to take indictments or appeals in divers foreign counties, liberties, and franchises of England, in which the said lieges be not, nor at any time were, conversant nor dwelling; by force of which indictments and appeals, and the processes upon them made in the said counties, franchises, and liberties, the said persons so indicted have been, and daily be put in exigent, and after outlawed, and thereupon their goods and chattels lands and tenements forfeit, and they in great jeopardy, of their lives, whereas the said persons so indicted, appealed, or put in exigent or outlawed, had never knowledge of such indictments, appeals, exigents, or outlawries; which falsehood and malice daily doth abound and increase in divers counties, liberties, and franchises of England, in great hinderance, loss, and perpetual destruction of many of his said faithful and innocent liege people, and very likely to increase hereafter, if convenient remedy be not ordained and provided in this behalf: And therefore the same our lord the King, of his special grace, and by authority of this Parliament, for ease (l) and tranquillity of his faithful lieges of this realm, hath caused to be ordained and stablished, that upon every indictment or appeal by the which any of the said lieges dwelling in other counties than there where such indictment or appeal is or shall

1 safety

X.

Malicious indictments or appeals of persons in one county who are dwelling in another;

process upon such indictments or appeals;

8 Henby YI.

A.D. 1429.

after the first capias, a second shall beawarded into the county where the party indicted dwells;

' proclamation thereon' in two county courts;

be taken of treason, felony, and trespass, to be taken hereafter before the justices of peace, or before any other having power to take such indictments or appeals, or other commissioners or justices in any county, franchise, or liberty of England, before any exigent awarded upon any indictment or appeal in the form aforesaid to be taken, that presently after the first writ of capias upon every such indictment or appeal awarded and returned, that another writ of capias be awarded, directed to the sheriff of the county whereof he which is so indicted is or was supposed to be conversant by the same indictment, returnable before the same justices or commissioners before whom he is indicted or appealed at a certain day, containing the space of three months from the date of the said last writ, where the [countiesx] be holden from month to month, and where the [counties*] be holden from six weeks to six weeks, he shall have the space of four months, until the day of the return of the same writ; by which writ of second capias, be it contained and commanded to the same sheriff, to take him which is so indicted or appealed, by his body, if he can be found within his bailiwick; and if he cannot be found within his bailiwick, that the said sheriff shall make proclamation in two [counties1] before the return of the same writ, that he which is so indicted or appealed shall appear before the said justices or commissioners in the county, liberty, or franchise where he is indicted or appealed, at the day contained in the said last writ of capias, to answer to our lord the King, [or *] to the party, of the felony, treason, or trespass, whereof he is so indicted or appealed; after which second writ of capias so

enditement ou appeS soit ou Ira pris de treson felonie & trespas, appndre en aps devnt Justices de peas ou devmt ascun autre aiant poair de tielx en-ditementz ou appelles pndre, ou autres ComissioSfs ou [Justice1] eu ascun Countee fraunchise ou lifetee Dengle-Sre, dev*nt ascun exigend agarde but ascun enditement ou appelle en 1& forme avftntdite apndre, q maintenant aps le prifie bre de Capias sur chescun tiel enditement ou appelle agarde & retome, q un autre bre de Capias soit agarde directe al Yiscount del Countee dount celly qi est ensy enditez est ou fuist suppose destre conusant p mesme lenditement, retourable dev*nt mesmes les Justices ou Comissioners dev*nt queux il est endite ou appelle, a un Stein jour conteinant la space de trois mois de la date du dit darrein bre, ou les Countees se teignent de mois en mois, & la ou les Countees sount tenuz de sys sepmains en sys sepmains ait le space de quatre mois tanqal jor de retourne de mesme le bre; p quel fcre de scde Capias soit contenuz & comaunde a mesme le Yiscount de pndre celuy qi est ensy endite ou appelle p son corps sil poet eetre trove deins sa baillie; Et sil ne poet mye estre trove deins sa baillie q le dit Viscount face gclamacion en dieux Countees, devant le retome de mesme le bre, q celuy qest ensy endite ou appelle appierge devant les ditz Justices ou ComissioSs, en le Countee libtee ou franchise ou il est endites ou appellez, al jour contenu en le dit darrein bre de Capias, a respoundre a nfe dit fT le Boy & au ptie de la felonie treson ou fepasse dount il est ensy enditez ou appellez; aps quel scde bre de Capias

1 county-courts

2 and

1 Justices Rot. Parl. nu. xviij. (50.)

A.D. 1429.

8 Henry .VI.

315

M. 4.

ensy 8vy & retomee, si celuy qi eat ensy enditez ou appellez ne veigne al jour de mesme le bre de Capias reiourne, soit exigend: agardes en9s tielx endites ou appellez & cfeun de eux: Et si ascun exigend enaps soit agarde sur ascun tiel [enditeteient*] ou appelle countre la forme avantdite, ou ascun utlagarie sur ceo pnunciez, soit sifcn ceH exigend ensy agarde come la utlagarie sur ceo gnuncie & cfeun de eux tenuz pr null & voide; et q la partie sur qi tiel exigend encountre la forme avntdite soit agarde ou utlagarie gnuncie ne soit en damage ne mys a pde de ses biens ou chatieux fees ou teutz ne de sa vie: Purveu toutz foitz q lestatut fait en le darreint plement des gcesses affairs en tielx cases de^nt le Roy en son Bank estoise en sa force. Et enoutre mesme nre V le Roy ad g*untee p auctoritee susdce q cfeun enditez ou appelle en la forme avantdite de cy enavnt, aps ceo qil soit p 9dit duement acquitee qil eit bre & accion sr son cas en9s cfeun pcuroT de tielx enditementz ou appellez, et soit autiele gcesse sur & en mesme le bre come en bfe de &pas fait ove force & armes, et si tiel gcurour soit atteint en celle pte q le Pleintif reco9e.sez damages au treble: Purveu toutz foitz q ceste ordinance ne se extende mye as enditementz ou appellez prisez ou appndrez deinz le Counte de Cestre: Purveu auxi q si ascun des ditz lieges ou ascun de lor heirs soit ou §ra appelle ou enditez de felonie ou treson, & au temps de mesme le felonie ou treson supposez est ou feust convsaunt deinz le Countee dount lenditement ou appelle fait mencion, q autielle pcesse soit fait 9s

1 enditment Rot. Parl. nu. xviij. (50.)

served and returned, if he which is so upon default indicted or appealed come not at the of appearance,

L . exigent may be

day of the same writ of capias returned, awarded.

the exigent shall be awarded against such persons indicted or appealed, and every of them: And if any exigent Exigents or hereafter be awarded upon any such the^ontraiy° indictment or appeal against the form void, aforesaid, or any outlawry be upon that pronounced, as well the exigent so awarded as the outlawry upon that pronounced, and every of them, shall be holden for null and void; and that the party upon whom such exigent against the form aforesaid is awarded, or outlawry pronounced, be not endamaged nor put to loss of his goods or chattels, lands or tenements, nor of his life: Provided always, that the The Statute Statute made in the last Parliament, co^nned? 1 of processes to be made*in such case before the King in his bench, stand in his force. And moreover, the same Action on the our lord the King hath granted by ^pTrty1 authority aforesaid, that every person indicted or indicted or appealed in the form appealed* aforesaid from henceforth, after that he be duly acquit by verdict, that he shall have a writ and action upon his case, against every procurer of such indictments or appeals; and like pro- Process cess shall be upon and in the same thereon* writ, as in a writ of trespass done with force and arms; and if such Treble procurer be attainted in this behalf, damages* that the plaintiff shall recover his treble damages: Provided always, Exception as

that this ordinance shall not extend Chester; to indictments or appeals taken or to be taken within the county of Chester:

Provided also, that if any of the said proviso as to i. Ail* i i persons m-

lieges, or any of their heirs, be or dieted or

shall be appealed or indicted of felony j^a^nin

or treason, and at the time of the same counties.

felony or treason supposed, he is and

was conversant within the county

whereof the indictment or appeal

maketh mention, the like process be

made against such person so indicted

316

8 Henry VI.

A.D. 1429.

XII.

No judgment nor record shall bo reversed nor avoided for rasures, interlineations, or literal errors.

The judges may reform all defects in records by misprision of the clerk; in affirmance of judgement.

Except in appeals, indictments, outlawries, want of additions, &c.

or appealed, as hath be$k used [always] before this time.



Item, our lord the King hath ordained and established by the authority of this present Parliament, that for error assigned or to be assigned in any record, process, [or] warrant of attorney, original writ or judicial, panel or return, in any places of the same rased or interlined, or in any addition, substraction, or diminution of words, letters, [titles,1] or parcel of letters, found in any such record, process, warrant of attorney, writ, panel, or return, which rasings, interlinings, addition, substraction, or diminution, at the discretion of the Kings judges of the courts and places, in which the said records or process, by writ of error or otherwise be certified, do appear suspected, no judgement nor record shall be reversed nor adnulled; and that the King's judges of the courts and places in which any record, process, word, plea, warrant of attorney, writ, panel, or return, [which 1 2 *] for the time shall be, shall have power to examine such records, process, words, pleas, warrants of attorney, [writs, panels, or8] return, by them and their clerks, and to reform and amend, in affirmance of the judgements of such records and [processes,4] all that which to them in their discretion seemeth to be misprision of the [clerks5] in such [record, processes,6] word, plea, warrant of attorney, writ, panel, and return; except appeals, indictments of treason and of felonies, and the outlawries of the same, and the substance of the proper names, surnames, and additions left out in original writs [and] writs of

1 tittles

2 Omit this word.

8 writ, panel and MS. Tr. 2.

4 process

5 clerk MS. Tr. 2.

6 records, process,

[French removed.]

1 Interlined, in a modern hand.

8 Henry VI.

817

[French removed.]

1 So Hot. rarl tm. xxj. (52.) and printed rvptt*; but erroneously.

exigent, according to the Statute another time made the first year of King Henry, father to our lord the King that now is, and in other writs containing proclamation; so that by such misprision of the clerk no judgement shall be reversed nor adnulled: And if any record, process, writ, warrant of attorney, return, or panel be certified defective, otherwise than according to the writing which thereof remaineth in the Treasury, courts or places from whence they be certified, the parties, in affirmance of the judgements of such record and process, shall have advantage to alledge, that the same writing is variant from the said certificate; and that found and certified, the same variance shall be by the said judges reformed and amended according to the first writing: And moreover it is ordained, that if any record or parcel of the same, writ, return, panel, process, or warrant of attorney in the King's courts of Chancery, Exchequer, the one bench or the other, or in his Treasury, be [willingly1] stolen, taken away, withdrawn, or avoided by any clerk, or by other person, [because2] whereof any judgement shall be reversed; that such stealer, taker away, withdrawer, or avoider, their procurators, counsellors, and abettors, thereof indicted, and by process thereupon made thereof duly convict by their own confession, or by inquest to be taken of lawful men, whereof the one half shall be of the men of any court of the same courts, and the other half of other, shall be judged for felons, and shall incur the pain of felony; and that the judges of the said courts of the one bench or of the other, have power to hear and determine such defaults before them, and thereof to make due punishment as afore is said. {Rep., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 27. s. l.J Provided always, that if any such record, process, writ, [or] warrant of attorney, panel, or return, or parcel of the same, be now or hereafter shall be exemplified in the Kings Chancery under the great seal, and such exemplification there of record inrolled without any rasing in [the same *]

1 imlfuUy 3 by cause

8 oon same MS. Tr. 2.

St. 1H. V. c.5.

Variance alledged between a record and certificate thereof, shall be amended; in affirmance of judgement.

Embezzling of a record, whereby any judgement is reversed, declared to be felony.

Record, &c. exemplified under the great seal and inrolled in Chancery shall not be reversed for variance from the exemplification and inrollment

8 Henry VI.

AJ). 1429.

xv.

The judges may amend records, in cases of misprision of sheriffs, &c.

Exception as to processes in Wales, and outlawries in felonies and treasons.

XVI. Escheaton shall take no inquests but by persons returned by the sheriffs in their proper counties;

place in the exemplification and the inrollment of the same, that [another time*] for any error assigned, or to be assigned in the said [record, process, writ,2] warrant of attorney, panel, or return, in any letter, word, clause, or matter of the same, varying or contrary to the said exemplification and the inrollment, there shall be no judgement of the said records and process reversed nor adnulled. *

Item, it is ordained and established, that the King's justices, before whom any misprision or default is or shall be found, be it in any records and processes which now be, or shall be, depending before them, as well by way of error as otherwise, or in the returns of the same, made or to be made by sheriffs, coroners, bailiffs of franchises, or £ny other, by misprision of the clerks of any of the said courts of the King, or by misprision of the sheriffs, under-sheriffs, coroners, their clerks, or other officers, clerks, or other ministers whatsoever, in writing one letter or one syllable too much or too little, shall have power to amend such defaults and misprisions according to their discretion, and by examination thereof by the said justices to be taken where they shall think needful. Provided that this statute do not extend to records and processes in the parts of Wales; nor to the processes and records of outlawries of felonies and treasons, and the dependencies thereof.

Item, to eschew the dolours, * grievances, and disherisons, which daily do happen to many of the King's liege people by the escheators, for that they take inquests, to inquire before them, as well by virtue of the King's writs, as of their offices, favourably and not duly, by people not impanelled nor 1

1 then

7 records, processes, writs.

en mesme lexemplification & lenroUe-ment dicell, q a lors p* null errour assigne ou assigner en les ditz recordes gcesses briefs garaunt datto'ne panel! ou retorne, en ascun Ire pole clause ou matier dicell variaunt ou contrariaunt a dite exemplificacion & lenrollement, ne soit nulle juggement des ditz recordes & pcesse re9se ne adnulle. *

Item ordeigne est & establie q les Justices du Roy dev*nt queux ascune mesprision ou defaute soit ou 8ra trove, soit il en ascun recordes & gcesses qore sount ou Srount pendantz dev*nt eux, sibn p voie derrourcome M.3. augment, ou en lez reto*nez dicelles fritz ou affairez p Viscountz Coroners Baillifs des fraunchises ou autres qeconqes, p mesprision des Clerks dascuns des ditz Courtz du Roi ou p mesprision dez Viscountz Soutz-viscountz, Coroners, lour Clercs ou au?s Officers, Clercs ou Ministres qconqes, en escrivant un Ire ou un silable trop ou trop poie, aientpoair damender tielx defautes & mesprisions solonc lour discrecion & p examina-cion ent p les ditz Justices apndre ou lour semblera bosoignable: Purveu q cest estatut ne se extende as recordes & gcesses es pties de Gales, ne as recordes & gcesses dutlagaries des felonies & tresons & lez dependants dicelles.

Item p* eschuer lez dolours gre-vancez & disheretisons q de jour en au? aveignent as plusours lieges nfe fr le Roy p les Eschetours, de ceo qils pignent enquestes denquerrer dev*nt eux, sibn p 9tue des briefr nre fr le Roy come de lour office, frvourable-ment & noun duement p gentz nient empanellez ne reto'nez a eux p les

8 Henry VI.

819

Viscountz des Countes, & pluis tost pur lour gpre gayne & p1 disheretison des lieges nre (* le Roy q p* pfit mesme nfe (T le Roy, Et auxi de ceo q les ?res & tentz des plusours lieges nfe fT le Roy sount seisez es mains nre fT le Roy s' tielx enquestes & au$s, & lessez p le Chaunceller ou Tresorer a ferine dev*nt ceo q mesmes les enquestes soient retournez en la Chauncellarie nfe (r le Roy; est ordine p auctorite de cest psent plement, q nul Eschetour ne Comis-sioner pigne ascunement ascun enquest denquerrer sinon des gentz reto'nez & empanellez p le Viscount en le Counte deinz quell il est Eschetour ou Comissioner. Et si ascun Eschetour [ou Comissioner1] pigne enquestes des gentz q ne sount mye enpanellez ne reto'nez p le Viscount come desuis est dit, & ent p examination ou augment al suite de ptie q pr luy mesmes ou pr le Roy ou autre psone qconqe voille p'suer soit convict due-ment, pr chescun enquest ensy priz q encourge la * peine & forfaiture de xlii. apaiers, cestassa9 lun moite au Roi & lautre moite au ptie a qi suyte il 9ra convict. Et q nul les ?res ne tentz seisez es mayns nfe (T le Roy, sur enquestes prisez devant les Es-chetours ou Comissioners, ne soient ascunement lessez ne g*untez a ferme p le Chaunceller ou Tresorer Den-gle?re, ou au? Officer nfe (T le Roi qconq tanq q mesmes les enquestes & 9ditz soient reto'nez pleinement en la Chauncellaf ou en leschequer, mes demoergent toutz tielx ?res & tentz entierment & continualment es mains nfe fr le Roy, tanq les ditz enquestes & 9ditz soient reto^nez & p un mois 1

1 Interlined on the roll.

returned to them by the sheriffs of the counties, and more often for their private gain, and for the disherison of the King's liege people, than for the 'profit of the same our lord the King; and also for that the lands and tenements of many of the Kings liege people be seised into the King s hands upon such inquests [or1] let to ferm by the chancellor or treasurer, before such inquests be returned in the Chancery [; our lord the King hath ordained,2] by the authority of this present Parliament, that no escheator or commissioner take in any wise any inquest to inquire, but of people returned and impanelled by the sheriffs in the county within which he is escheator or commissioner. And if any escheator or commissioner take inquests of people which be not impanelled nor returned by the sheriff, as is afore said, and thereof by examination, or otherwise, at the suit of the party, which for himself or for the King, or any other person [that8] will sue, be duly convict, for every inquest so taken that he incur the pain and forfeiture of xL li. to be paid, that is to say, the one half to the King, and the other half to the party grieved, at whose suit he shall be convict. And that no lands nor tenements seised into the hand of our lord the King, upon such inquests taken before the escheators or commissioners, be not in any wise let nor granted to ferm by the chancellor or treasurer of England, or any other the King's officer, until the same inquests and verdicts be fully returned [in4] the Chancery, or [in4] the Exchequer, but all such lands and tenements shall intirely and continually remain in the hands of our lord the King, until the said inquests and verdicts be returned, and by a

1 and other, and MS. Tr. 2.

2 of our lord the King; it is ordained

1 whatever 4 into

on penalty of forty pounds.

No lands seised into the King's hands upon inquests shall be let to farm until after inquests returned;

if the party grieved traverse the inquest, ^within a month, the lands shall be let to farm to him, as under 36 Edw. HI. chapter 13.

8 Henry VI.

A.D. 129.

All letters patents to the contrary void.

Escheators shall return offices found before them within a month.

month after the same return, if it be not so ^that he or they which feel them grieved by the same inquests, or [putting out1] of their lands and tenements, come into the Chancery, and proffer themselves to traverse the said inquests, and [then offer9] to take the same lands or tenements to ferm; and if they so do, that then the same lands or tenements be committed to them, if they shew good evidence, proving their traverse to be true, after the form of the Statute made the thirty-sixth year of King Edward III. after the conquest, to hold until the issue taken upon the same traverse be found and discussed for the King, or for the party, finding sufficient surety to pursue the said traverse with effect, and to render and pay to our lord the King the yearly value of the lands whereof the traverse shall be so taken, if it be discussed for the King. And if any letters patents of any of the lands or tenements be made to the contrary to any other person, or let to ferm within the said month after the said month of return, they shall be () holden for none. And that the escheators or commissioners, upon pain of the forfeiture of xx li. to be paid, that is to say, the one half to the King, and the other half to the party at whose suit he shall be convict, return the inquests before them taken into the Chancery of our lord the King, or into the Exchequer, within a month next after the taking of the same. And every man which will sue for the King shall have the suit in this behalf. Provided always, that this statute begin and take effect and force in the feast of Easter next coming, and not before, to endure for ever.

aps mesrne le retorne, si issint ne soit q celuy ou ceux q sente ou sentent eux grevez p.mesmes les enquestes ou oustez de lour ?res ou tentz veignent en la Chauncellarie & soy gferont de taverser les ditz enquestes & soy offeront de pndre mesrne les Yres & tentz a ferme; Et q si issint fount, 4 adonqes mesrne les ?res & tentz soient cdmiz a eux, sils monstrent bones evidencez pvantz lour Were estre verrois solonc la forme de lestatut fait lan [xxxj*J] le Roy E. tiers puis le conquest, a tenir tanqe tissue & mesme le travers pris soit (*) & discussu pr le Roy ou pr le ptie, trovant sufficiant suerte de suir le dit t^vers ove effect, & de rendre & paier a nre #r le Roy le annuel value des tentz dont le tavers ensi 8ra priz, sil soit discusse pr le Roy. Et si ascuns Ires patents des ascuns $res ou tentz soient faitz au contarie a ascun autre psone, ou lessez a ferme deins le dit moys aps le dit mois du reto^e soient voidez & tenuz pT null. Et q les Eschetours & Comissioners sr peine de farfaiture de xx ti, apaiers cestassavoir lun moite al Roi & lautre moite al ptie a qi suyt il §ra convict, retornent en la Chauncella? nfe P le Roy ou en leschequer les enquestes devant eux prisez deins un moys gscheyn aps la prise dicelles. Et eyt chescun q voet suyr pT le Roy la suyte en cell ptie. Purveu toutz foitz q cest estatut comence & pigne effect & force en la fest de Pasqe gscliein avenir, a durer ppetuelment & nemye devant.

1 put out MS. Tr. 2.

3 offer themselves 3 void and

1 xxxyj 1 Rot. Parl. nu. xxiiij (56.)

2 trove j Sf printed copies.

A.D. 1430-1.

321

9 HENRY VI. A.D. 1430-1.

A Transcripto in Turr. Lond.*

W arato junto*

Of the Ninth Year.

A U par lenient tenuz a Westm le

vendredy pschein dev^t le fest

de Seint Hiller, lan du regne n?e iT le

Roi quorest noefisme, dieses estatutz

& ordinaunces feurent faitz & ordinez,

p advis & assent des #rs espuelx &

temporelx & a la espale requests des

Coes du roialme en le dit plement

assemblez, en la four me qensuit.

Item pur eeo q avant ces lieures dieses utlagaries ount este gnunciez en di?s des lieges du Roi, sifcn devant lestatuit daddicions fait a Westm lan priffl le Roi Henri quint pier a nre f* le Roi qorest come depuis, a cause des queles utlagaries les corps dau$s gentz, eiantz autielx & [semblabes1] nouns come ceux qi feurent utlagez en fait avoient, ount este prisez & emprisonez & lours biens & chateulx p celle cause p leschetors nfe dit fT le Roi & sez noblez pgeniters seisez; et comebien q p la coe ley du roialme brief de idemptitate nois ad estee main tenable pur mesme la psone q en la fourme suisdee foist moleste & greve, Nepr-qaunt si ascune psone des ditez liegez, eiant semblable noun come ascun auYe psone de meames lez liegez qen

1 semblables RoL Pari. nu. ix. (36.): Transcr. 2.

At the Parliament holden at the Friday next before the feast of Saint Hillary, the ninth year of the reign of our lord the King that now is, divers statutes and ordinances were made and [established 1] by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the special request of the commons of the realm assembled in the. said Parliament, in the form following.


Item, for that before this time many iv. outlawries have been pronounced against divers of the King's liege nominis people, as well before the Statute of b^utori, Additions, made at Westminster the in cases of first year of King Henry the Fifth ^?teirtator,

father to our lord the King that now before or since . e , . , the Statute

is as sithence, in respect of which x Hen. V. c. 5.

outlawries, the bodies of other persons

having such and like names as they

had which were outlawed indeed,

have been taken and imprisoned, and

their goods and chattels for this cause

seised by the escheators of the King

and of his noble progenitors; and

although that by the common law of

the realm a writ of idemptitate nominis

hath been maintainable for the same

person, which in the form aforesaid

was molested and grieved, nevertheless

if any person of the said lieges, having

like name as any other person of the

; * ordeigned MS. Tr. 2.

9 Of the statutes of this year, and of the subsequent years 10, 11, 14, 15, 18, and 20 Henry VI, no Statute Roll is preserved in the Tower: But there are several transcripts copied on skins of parchment apparently prepared for the purpose of being

annexed to writs of proclamation;............................Where more than one such

copy of the statute of any year is preserved, the various readings of the copies used for supplying defects or correcting errors are marked Transcr. 2, See. Of this year there are three copies; all partially injured.

X

9 Henry VI.

A.D. 1430-1.

same liege people which was outlawed in deed had, made his executors and died, often it happened, that by malice and subtil imaginations the goods and chattels of such testator, which had the same name as he had which was outlawed in deed, were seised and escheated to the hands of our lord the King and of his (x) progenitors, in retardation of the execution of the testament of every such testator, for the doubt which hath been, whether any executors may by the common law have a writ of idemptitate nominis, or not: Wherefore to take away and remove all such ambiguities and doubts in this case hereafter, of the assent and advice aforesaid, and at the special request of the said commons, it is ordained and established by authority of this Parliament, that a writ of idemptitate nominis (2) be granted and [made *] good and maintainable for the executors of every testator, [to4] the same effect that the same action of idemptitate nominis was maintainable before this Parliament for any person himself which was or might have been molested or grieved because or by colour of any such outlawry: And that this ordinance shall have relation and force, by authority aforesaid, for the executors of every testator, as well of every outlawry pronounced against any person at any time before this Parliament, as of all manner of outlawries to be pronounced against any person in time to come.



1 sa*d 2 may

3 given 4 as well and of

[French removed.]

10 HENRY VI. A.D. 1432.

A.D. 1482.

328

arato r-

[French removed.]

A Tran8cripto m Turr. Lond*

/^iUR lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Westminster the twelfth day of May, the tenth year of his reign, to the honour of God, and for the wealth of him and his realm, and for the tranquillity and ease of his people, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the special request of the commons in the same Parliament assembled, hath caused to be [enacted1] and established divers statutes and ordinances in the form following.

Item, whereas at the Parliament n. holden at Westminster, the morrow of Saint Matthew the Apostle, the eighth as to freehold year of the Bong that now is, it was ^f^tonof ordained by the authority of the same knights of the Parliament, that the knights of all ihiri counties within the realm of England, to be chosen to come to the Parliaments [hereafter2] to be holden, should be chosen in every county by people dwelling and resiant in the same, whereof every one shall have freehold to the value of forty shillings by year at the least, above all charges, upon a certain pain contained in the same statute; not making express mention in the same, that every man that shall be chooser of any such knights, shall have freehold to the value of forty shillings at the least, above all charges, within the same county where such chooser with other like shall make such election, or elsewhere: And therefore our lord the King, willing

1 ordeigned MS. Tr. 2.

3 thereafter

Only one transcript of the statute of this year is now preserved at the Tower;

see note to Stat. 9 Hen. VL


10 Henby VI.

A.D. 1432.

such freeholds shall be within the county.

VI.

8t 8 H. VL c. 10. recited, as to process upon the indictments of persons in one county who are dwelling in another;

to make plain declaration of the said statute, by the advice and assent aforesaid, and at the [special1] request of the said commons, hath ordained, that the knights of all counties within the said realm, to be chosen to come to Parliaments hereafter to be holden, shall be chosen in every county by

people dwelling and resiant in the same, |Rep., 14 Geo. 3. c. 58.J whereof every

man shall have freehold, to the value of xl s. by the year at the least above all charges, within the same county where any such chooser will meddle of any such election.



Item, whereas in the Parliament holden at Westminster the eighth year of (*) the King that now is, it was ordained, that upon every indictment or appeal, [by the which*] any of the King's liege people, dwelling in other [foreign and divers] counties than where such indictment or appeal is or shall be taken, of treason, felony, or trespass, to be taken [hereafter*] before justices of the peace, or before any other [justice whatsoever,] having power to take such indictments or appeals, or other commissioners or justices in any county franchise or liberty of England, before any exigent awarded upon any indictment or appeal in the form aforesaid to be taken, that presently after the first writ of capias upon every such indictment or appeal awarded and returned, that another writ of capias shall be awarded, directed to the sheriff of the county, whereof he that is so indicted or appealed is or was supposed to be conversant by the same indictment or appeal, returnable before the same justices or commissioners, before whom he is indicted or appealed, at a certain 1 4

1 Not in original.

our lord

8 against [The sense requires this reading; the wording of the original is confused.]

4 thereafter

faire du dit estatuit pleine declaration, del ad vis & assent suisditz & a la request des dees Coes ad ordine q les Chivalers de toutz les Countees deinz le dit roialme, a esliers pur venir a les plementz en aps a tenirs, soient esluz en chescun Countee p

gentz demrantz & receauntz en icelles {Rep., 14 Geo. 3. c. 58.J dount cliun ait

frank tent a la value de xl s. p an au mains outre les reprises, deins mesme le Countee ou ascun tiel eslisour aoi voet meller dascun tiel election.

* Item come au glement tenuz a Westm lan du reigne nre fr le Roi qorest viij0 ordine estoit, q sur chun enditement ou appefi p la quel! aacuns des lieges du Roi, demrantz en auts Countees q la ou tiel enditement ou apefi soit ou 8ra pris de treson felonie ou Sspas appndre en apres dev*nt Justices de Peas ou dev*nt ascun au? eiant poiar de pndre tielx endite-mentz ou appellez ou au$s Comis-sioners ou Justices en ascun Countee Fraunchise ou Lifctee Dengle?re, devant ascun exigent agarde sur ascun enditement ou appefi en la fourroe avantdite appndre, q maintenant aps le priffl brief de Capias sur chescun tiel enditement ou appefi agarde & retoTne, q un au? brief de Capias soit agarde direct al Viscount del Countee dount celuy qest ensi endite ou ap-pelle est ou fuist suppose destre conusant p mesme leditement ou appett, retoumable devant mesmes les Justices ou Comissioners devant queux il est endite ou appelle a un Stein jour con-

10 Henry VI.

325

teignant lespaoe del date de mesme le brief a le retoume dicett, come p meeme lestatuit pleinement appiert: p quett clause du dit estatuit cestassavoir, re-toTnable devant mesme les Justices ou Comissioners dev*nt queux il est endite ou appelle, ascuns enteudount q le brief de Capias, ordine p le dit estatuit q sra direct al Viscount del Countee dount celuy qest ensi endite ou appelle est ou fuist suppose destre conusant p mesme lenditement ou appell, Sra re-touroe devant mesme les Justices ou Comissioners ou au$s devant queux lenditement ou appell fuist pris & nounpas aillours; & ymaginantz pur defrauder & anientiser le dit estatut suent pur remoever tielx enditementz & appellez, hors des mains les Justices & Comissioners av*ntditz en le Bank le Roi & aillours p Cerciorari & augment, les parties ensi enditz ou appellez nient sachantz, et sur ceo suent pcesse use a la coe ley devant la fesaunce du dit estatuit en le Bank le Roi & aillours apj?s tiel remoevement, en g*unde empo9issement & vexacion des loialx lieges du Roi: Fur qoy nfe fr le Roi del advis & assent susditz & al espatt request des ditz Coes p auctorite suisdce ad ordine, q le dit estatuit soit tenuz & gardez & mys en due execucion en toutz pointz; adjoustant a icelle q si ascuns tielx enditementz prisez ou appndres dev*nt ascuns des Justices du Peas, ou devant ascun au? eiant poiar de pndre tielx enditementz ou appell ou au?s Justices ou ComissioSs en ascun Countee

day, containing the space [of three months1] from the date of the same writ to the return of the same, as by the same statute plainly appeareth: By which clause of the same statute, that is to say, "returnable before the same justices or commissioners before whom he is indicted or appealed," some do think that the writ of capias ordained by the said statute, which shall be directed to the sheriff (*) whereof he that is so indicted or appealed is or was supposed to be conversant by the same indictment or appeal, shall be returned before the same justices or commissioners, or other, before whom the indictment or appeal was taken, and not elsewhere; and imagining to defraud and make frustrate the said statute, do sue to remove such indictments and appeals out of the hands of the justices or commissioners aforesaid into the Kings Bench and elsewhere by certiorari and otherwise, [unknown to the party bo indicted5] and thereupon sue the process used at the common law, before the making of the said statute, in the King's Bench and elsewhere, after [the4] removing, to the great impoverishing and vexation of the Kings faithful subjects: Wherefore [the same] our lord the King, by the advice and assent aforesaid, and at the special request of the said commons, by authority aforesaid hath ordained, that the said statute be holden and kept, and put in due execution in all points; joined to the same, that if any such indictments, taken or to be taken before any justices of j)eace, or before any other having power to take such indictments or appeals, or other justices or commissioners in any county

the said itatute con-finned.

The like process when the aforesaid indictments, &c. are re-moTed into the King's Bench;

1 Not in original. s of the shuyre MS. Tr. 2.

3 the parties bo endited or appeled nat knowyng MS. Tr. ?,

j 4 tuch

10 Henry VI.

A.D. 1432

franchise or liberty of England, shall be removed before the King in his bench or elsewhere, by certiorari or otherwise, then after such removing, before any exigent awarded upon any such indictment or appeal, in the form aforesaid taken or to be taken, that presently after the first writ of capias upon every such indictment or appeal awarded and returned, that another writ of capias be awarded, directed to the sheriff of the county, whereof he that is so indicted or appealed is or was supposed to be conversant by the same indictment or appeal, returnable before the King in his bench at a certain day, containing the space of three months or four from the date of the said last writ of capias, according to the manner and form that the justices of peace, and other in the said first statute contained, ought to have done, before such removing after the making of the said first statute; exigend and Q) and if any such exigent be here-after awarded upon any such indict-hereto, shall be ment or appeal after such removing, against the form aforesaid, or any outlawry thereupon pronounced, as well the same exigent so (*) awarded as the outlawry thereupon to be pronounced, and every of them, shall be holden for none and void, according as in the said first statute is more fully contained.

void.

1 and moreover process thereon be made afiet the effect and purpose of the said first statute:

to be

Fraunchise ou Lifcte Denglefre, soient remoevez dev*nt le Boy en son Bank ou aillours p Cerciorari ou augment, q adonqs apps tiel remoevement dev*nt ascun exigend agarde sur ascun tiel enditement ou appett en la fourme av*ndce pris ou appndre, q maintenant aps le prifi brief do Capias sur chescun tiel enditement ou apeft agarde & retoume, q un au? bf de Capias soit agarde, direct al Viscount del Countee dount celuy qest enditee ou appelle est ou fuist suppose destre conusant p mesme lenditement ou appelle, retorn-able dev*nt le Koi en son Bank a an Stein jour conteignant lespaoe de trois mois ou quatre moys del date del dit darrein ftr de Capias, solonc lee ma8 & fourme q les Justices de peas & au& en le dit priiS estatuit contenuz deussent avoir fait av*nt tiel remoeve-ment puis la fesaunce du dit prim estatuit, & enoustre de ent fairs pcesse solonc leffect & p*port del dit prinl estatuit; et si ascun exigende soit agarde en aps sur ascun tiel en-ditement ou appett aps tiel remoevement encountre la fourme &v»ntdite, ou ascun utlagarie sur ceo gmmcie, soit sifen cell exigende ensi agarder come lutlagarie s1 ceo a pnuncier & chun de eux tenuz pur null & voide, solonc ceo qen le dit prifl estatuit est contenuz pluis au plein.

Exr Faukee.

11 HENRY VI. A.D. 1433,

A.D. 1433.

327

A Tramcripto in Turr.

rt°.

"YTOSTRE f* le Roy a son plement tenuz a Westm le viij jour de Jule lan de son reigne unzisme, a la re9ence de Dieu & pur le bien du peple de son roialme, del advis & assent des f's espuelx & temporelx de raesme le roialme & a la espale request des Coes de son dit roialme en son dit [roialme1] esteantz, p auctorite de mesme le plement ad fait ordeigne & estable Steins estatuitz declaracions & ordenances en la forme qensuit.

Item nfe *'r le Roi considerant lez g*undes pdes & damages que souvent foitz ount avennz & Visemblablement avenderount en aps sifen a luy mesmes come as plusors dez sez leges, de ceo q la oue sifen di9sez enditementz & sutes pur nfe fr le Roi come au?s sutes pentre pte et pte ount este prisez devftnt di9sez Justices de pees, assignez p di9sez comissions de Roi en di?sez Countees Dengle?re, & di9sez plees & pcesses sur icelles enditementz ount so vent este faitez & pendantz devant mesmes lez Justices nient de-fminez, lez quex plees & pcesses sovent ount este discontenuz p fai-sauncez de noveft comissions du pees en [en *] icelles Countes, a g*unde pde nfe dit (T le Roi & dez sez lieges, & en retardacion dez mesmes lez plees & sutes & de la delrfaunce dez sez

1 plement printed copies.

1 An erroneous repetition.

In the Eleventh Year

/^iTJR sovereign lord the King, at ^ his Parliament holden at Westminster the eighth day of July, the eleventh year of his reign, to the reverence of God, and for the weal of the people of his realm, by the assent of the lords spiritual and temporal (T) and at the special request of the commons of his (*) realm in his said Parliament assembled, by authority of the same Parliament, hath (*) ordained and stablished divers statutes, declarations, and ordinances, in the form following.

Item, our lord the King considering the great losses and damages which oftentimes have come, and be likely to come hereafter, as well to himself as to many of his lieges, for that where as well divers indictments and suits for our lord the King, as other suits between party and party, have been taken before divers justices of the peace, assigned by several commissions of our said lord the King in divers counties of England, and divers pleas and processes upon those indictments have often been made, and hanging before the same justices not determined, the which pleas and processes have been often discontinued, by making of new commissions of the peace in those counties, to the great loss of our said lord the King, and of his subjects, (4) in delay of the same pleas and suits, and of the deliverance

1 of the same realm 9 said

3 made MS. Tr, 2. 4 and

# Only one transcript of the statute of this year is at present preserved in the Tower.

See note to 9 Hen. VI.

VL

Indictments or suits before justices of the peace shall not be discontinued by a new commission.

328

11 Henry VI.

A.D. 1433.

of his said subjects: And upon that our lord the King willing to provide remedy, of the assent and authority aforesaid, hath ordained and established, that in all such [pleas, suits and processes in them*] to be taken and to be made before justices of the peace in any county of England, the said pleas and processes in such suits to be [done1 2] shall not be discontinued by such new commissions of the peace to be made, but those pleas and processes shall stand in their force; and the justices in the same new commissions so assigned, after that they shall have the records of the same pleas and processes before them, shall have power and authority to continue the said pleas and processes, and the same pleas and processes, and all that depend upon them, to hear and finally to determine, as the other justices might and ought to have done of and in the same, if no new commission had been made.

1 suytes [and] plees and processes in the same MS. Tr. 2.

2 made or done MS. Tr. 2.

ditz lieges: Et sur ceo nre dit fr le Hoi voillaunt p'voier de remedie de lassent & auctorite suisditz ad ordene & eatable, qen tous tielx sutes & plees & pees en icelles appndres & affaires dev*nt Justices de pees en ascone Counte Dengle?re, les ditz plees & pees en tiels sutes affaires ne soient my discontenuz p tiels novel! comissioiis de pees affaires, m&is estoient mesmes lez plees & geesse, en lour force; Et eient lez Justices de mesmes lez novel! comissions ensi assignez, aps ceo qils amount lez recordes dez ditz plees & geesses dev»nt eux, poiar & auctorite dez lez ditz plees & pcesses continuer, & mesmes lez plees & pcesse & touz lez dependantz dicelles oier & finahnent deYminer, sicome lez au?s Justices p'rount & duissent avoir fait de & en icelles si null novefi comission eust este fait

V

14 HENRY VI. A.D. 1435.

/YUR lord the King Henry the ^ sixth after the conquest, at his Parliament holden at Westminster, the tenth day of October, the fourteenth year of his reign, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the special request

A TramAcrvpto im, Turr. Lond* xiiij.

OSTRE fr le Roi Henri le sisme aps le conquest, a son plement tenuz a Westm le xe jour Doctobre lan de son regne qatorzisme, de lad vis & assent des (ra espuelx & temporelx & a la espale request des Coes du

There is only one transcript of the statute of this year now preserved in the Tower; see note to 9 Hen. VL — The petitions entered on the Parliament Roll of this year, on which chapters II. IV. and V. of the statute are founded, are in English; the others in French.

14 Henry VI.

329

Roialme en mesme le piement esteantz, ad fait faire di9ses estatutes & ordinances a lonour de Dieu & le bien de luy & son dit roialme en la forme

ensuant.

En primes nfe dit fr le Roi ad online p anctorite del dit plement, q les Justices dev*nt queux inquisicions enquestes & jurres enavant soient prisz p brief du Roi de Nisi prius, joust la forme de lestatut ent fait, eient poair en toutz casez de felonie & treson de rendre lour jugementz, sibii lou home est acquite de felonie ou de treson come lou il est ent atteint, a jour & lieu ou les ditz inquisicions enquestes & jurres issint soient prises, & adonqes illeoqes de agarder execucion de estre fait p force de mesmes les jugementz.

of the commons of the realm, being in the same Parliament, hath caused to be made divers statutes and ordinances, to the honour of God, and for the wealth of him and his realm, in the form following.

First, our lord the King hath ordained, by the authority of the said Parliament, that the justices before whom inquisitions, inquests, and juries, from henceforth shall be taken by the Ring's writ [called1] nisi prius, according to the form of the statute thereof made, shall have power [of all the cases2] of felony and of treason, to give their judgements, as well where a man is acquit of felony or of treason as where he is thereof attainted, at the day and place where the said inquisitions, inquests, and juries be so taken, and then [from thenceforth*] to award execution to be made by force of the same judgements.

1 of * in all cases

8 ther MS. Tr. 2.

18 HENRY VI. A.D. 1439.

A Transcripto in Turr. Lond.* ^JDSTRE Seigneur le Roy Henry le sisme aps le conquest, a son. parlement tenuz a Westm le lende-m&yn de Saint Martin en Iver le xij* jour de Novemfcr lan de son regne xviij*, alono* de Dieu & p* le bien de luy & soun roialme, de ladvys & assent des f's espuelx & temporelx & les Coes en mesme le parlement assembleez, ad fait ordeigner & es-tablier dieses estatutz & ordinances en la fourme qensuit.

/YUR lord the King, Henry the sixth after the conquest, at his Parliament holden at Westminster the morrow after Saint Martin, in winter, the twelfth day of November, the eighteenth year of his reign, to the honour of God, and for the weal of him and of his realm, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons in the same Parliament assembled, hath [made, ordained,1] and stablished divers statutes and ordinances, in the form following.

1 caused to be ordained

There are six transcripts of the statute of this year; all more or less mutilated or imperfect: The various readings are noted Transcr. 2. &c. See note to 9 Hen. VX

L

Justices of niii prius may giro judgment, sc. in treason and felony.

330

18 Henby VI.

A.D. 1439.

Abuse of antedating grants of offices, &c.from the King.

The day of the delivery of the 'warrants for such grants shall be recorded in Chancery.

The patents thereon shall bear date the same day.

First, whereas by suit made to the King by divers persons, it hath been desired by their petitions, to have offices, ferms, and other things of the gift and grant of the King, by his gracious letters patents thereof to them to be made, desiring by the same petitions, the same letters patents of the King to bear date at a certain day limited in the same, the which day is often long before the King's grant (l) to them thereupon made have born the same date; by reason whereof divers of the Eng's liege people having such offices, ferms, and other things of the gift or grant of the King, by his gracious letters patents thereof to them long time before duly made, by such subtil imagination of such antedates desired by such petitions, of such offices, ferms, and other things, often have been put out, amoved, and expelled, against right, good conscience, and reason: Our said lord the King, willing to put out such imaginations, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal aforesaid, and at the special request of the said commons, hath ordained by authority of the same Parliament, that of every warrant hereafter sent by the same our lord the King, or his heirs, to the chancellor of England for the time being, the day of the delivery of the same to the chancellor shall be entered of record in the Chancery; and that the chancellor do cause letters patents to be made upon the same [warrant,2] bearing date the day of the said delivery in the Chancery, and not before in any wise; and if any letters patents be from henceforth made to the contrary, they shall be void, frustrate, and holden for none.

1 to them made of their said petitions, whereby the letters patent of the King

2 waraunfcis MS. Tr. 2.

Priflement come p suite fait an Boy p di9s gentz ad este desire p lour peticions da9 offices fermes & autres choses del doune & gaunte du Boy p sez gacious Ires patentee ent a eoi a faire, desirauntz p icefl peticions mesmes les Ires patentz du Roy de porter date a Stein jour limite en iceS, le quell jour est sovent longement devant le gftunte du Roy a eux faitz de lour ditz peticions, pount lea Ires patentz du Roy a eux sur ceo faitz ount porte mesme la date; a cause de quell di9s lieges du Roy, eiantz tielx offices fermes & autres choses du doune ou gaunte du Roy p sez gacious Ires patentz ent a eux longe temps dev»nt duement fait, p tielx subtils ymagina-cions de tiels antedates desirez p tiels peticions de tiels offices fermes & autres chosez sovent ount este oustes amoves & expellee, encountre droit bon conscience & reason: Nre dit frle Roy voillant oustier tiels ymaginacions, del avys & assent des fris espuelx & tern-porelx suisditz & a! espedale request del ditz Coes, ad ordine p auctorite de mesme le parlement qe de qeconqe garrant, en apres p mesme nre fT le Roy ou sez heires al Chaunceller Dengle?re pur le temps esteant adresse, le jour du li9e diceS al Chaunceller soit entre du recorde en la Chauncerie; et q le Chaunceller face faire Ires patentes sur mesmes les garrantz por-tantz date le jour du dit li9e en la ChaunSie, & nemy devnt en null mafle; et si ascuns Ifes patentes soient desore faitz al contone soient voidez irritez & tenuz pur nulles.


18 Henbt VI.

331

Item come en le parlement tenuz a Westm lendem&yn de Seint Mathe lappostel Ian du reigne nre fr le Boy qorest viy, ordine soit entre autres q nullez tree ne tentz seisiez en mayns le Roi, sur enquestes prises devant les Eschetours ne Comissiofis, ne soient ascunement lessez ne g»untez a ferme, p Chaunceller ou Tresorer Denglefre ou autre Officer le Roy qeconqe, tanqe mesmes les enquestes & 9ditz soient retoumez plainement en la ChaunSie ou en lescheqer, mes demrgent toutz tielx ?res & tentz entierment & continuel-ment en lez mayns le Roy, tanqe les ditz enquestes & Vditz soient reto'nes & p un moys aps mesme le reto*ne, si issint ne soit q ceux ou celuy q sente ou sentent eux grevez p mesmes les enquestz, ou oustes de lo1 Sres ou tentz, veignent en la Chauncery & soy pferont de t*verser les ditz enquestes, & soy offeront de pndre mesmes les ?res & tentz a ferme (*) soient comys a eux sils monstrent bons evidences pv*ntz lo1 trapse estre verraiez solonc la forme de lestatnit fait lan xxxvjme le Roy E. tierce, a teS tanqe lissue sur mesme le traverse pris soit trove & discuss© p* le Roy ou p1 la partie; trovant suffisaunt surete de suer le dit traverse ove effect© & de rendre & paier au Roy le annueft value des ftres ou tentz dount la traverse ensy Sra pris sils soit discosse pr le Roy; et si ascuns (*) ires ou tentz soient faitz au con-t*rie a ascun autre psone, ou lesse a

1 Et q si issint fount, q adonqes mesme les Suez & tentz St. 8 Hen. VI. c. 16 : — Tranter. 2. he. as in text.

Ires patents des ascuns Tranter. 2. &c.

Item, whereas in a Parliament VL

holden at Westminster, the morrow

after Saint Matthew the Apostle, the 8 H. VI. c. 16.

eighth year of the reign of our lord Sf

the King that now is, among other th« King after ii« , «ii.i office found,

things it was ordained, " that no lands or tenements seised into the King's hands upon inquests taken before the escheators or commissioners, be not in any wise let nor granted to ferm by the chancellor or treasurer of England, or any other the King's officer, until the same inquests and verdicts be fully returned into the Chancery, or into the Exchequer, but all such lands and tenements shall intirely and continually remain in the King's hands, until the said inquests and verdicts be returned, and by a month after the same return, if it be not so that he or they which feel themselves grieved by the same inquests, or put out of their lands or tenements, come into the Chancery, and proffer themselves to traverse the said inquests, and offer themselves to take the same lands or tenements to ferm; and if they so do, that then the same lands and tenements be committed to them if they shew good evidence, proving their traverse to be true, after the form of the Statute made the thirty-sixth year of King Edward the Third, to hold until the issue [taken upon the same traverse be1] found and discussed for the King or for the party; finding sufficient surety to pursue the said traverse with effect, and to render and to pay to the King the yearly value of the lands or tenements, whereof the traverse shall be so taken, if it be discussed for the King; and if any letters patents of any lands or tenements be made to the contrary to any other person, or let to ferm

1 upon the same traceru be taken

S'

332

18 Henry VI.

A.D. 1439.

No grant of lands shall be made b j the King, until office found and returned, if the King's title be not of record; nor within the month after such return, unless to the traverser.

VII. Escheators not duly returning offices shall pay damages to the King &c. above the penalty under St 8 H. VI. c. 16.

within the said month [of the*] return, they shall be void, and holden for none:" The which good statute and ordinance divers persons devising to subvert, and by their subtility to serve as for no purpose, have sued to obtain such gifts, grants, and ferms, by the King's letters patents, before any inquisition or title found for the King of the same, pretending such gifts and grants not (*) comprised nor remedied by the said statute, notwithstanding that it is in like mischief of the said statute: Our [said] lord the King, considering the premisses, and willing to provide due remedy in this behalf, hath ordained, by the authority aforesaid, that no letters patents shall be made to any person or persons of any lands or tenements, before inquisition of the King's title in the same be found in the Chancery or in his Exchequer returned, if the King's title in the same be not found of record, nor within the month after the same return, if it be not to him or them which tender their traverses as afore is said; and if any letters patents be made to the contrary, they shall be void, and holden for none,

Item, it is ordained by the authority aforesaid, that in case that any es-cheator take any office before him, and return not the same office in the Chancery, or in the King's Exchequer, [in8] the month after the taking of the same, he shall [incur4] the pain of xl li. which he hath forfeit by the Statute made the eighth year of our said lord the King, [and also he shall be charged 5] to pay to the same our lord the King as much as he is in-damaged in respect of not returning 1 * 3 4

1 after the said month of See Stai.

8 H. VI. c. 16.

3 to be 3 within

4 over and above 5 be bound

ferme deinz le dit moys Q) de retome soient voiedez & tenuz p nufl: le quel bon estatuit & ordenaunce di9s psones ymaginantz a sub^ter & p lour sub-tilite de servir come de null, p'suont da9 tielx dones gftuntes & fermes p tres patentee du Roy, dev*nt ascnn inquisicion ou title trove p* le Roy dicelx, ptendaunts tielx dones & g*untes nient estre comprise ne remedies p le dit estatuit, nient obstant qil est en owe# meschief de le dit estatuit: Nre (T le Roy considerant les p misses & voillant en ceo partie prvoier de remedie, ad ordeigne p lauctorite desuisdit, q nullez Ires patentee soient faitz a ascun psone or psones dascunes tree ou tents; dev*nt InquiS de Title du Roy en yceux trove en sa ChaunSie, ou en son Eschequyr retorne, si title du Roy en yceux ne soit trove de recorde; ne deinz le moys aps mesme le retorne sil ne soit a celuy ou ceux q tende ou tendent lour t*versez come desuis est dit; et si ascuns Ires patentee soient faitz a contrare soient voiedes & tenuz pr nutt.

Item ordeigne est p lauctorite desuisdit qe en cas qe ascun Eschetour pigne ascun office dev*nt luy, & ne retome mesme loffice en la ChaunSie ou leschequyr du Roy deins le moys aps la price dicett, qil outre la peyne de xl ti. les queux il ad forfeit p lestatut fait lan du reigne nre dit fr le Roy oeptisme, soit tenuz a paier a mesme nre fr le Roy a taunt come il est endamage a cause de noun

1 aP6 le dit mois St. 8 H. VI. c. 16.

18 Henry VI.

333

reto'ne de tiel office: Et q le Chaun-celler DengleSre appelle a luy le Tresorer DengleSre en lessant tieux fermes pr due execution faire de dit est&tut fait le dit an oeptisme.

of such office: And that the chancellor of England call to him the treasurer of England in letting such ferms, to make due execution of the said statute made the said eighth year.

20 HENRY YL A.D. 1441-2.

A Tran8cripto in Turr. Loud

Item come contenue soit en la g*unde chre entre autres en la fourme qensuyt: — Null us liber homo capiat^ aut imprisoned aut disseisiad de libo ten suo aut libertatibj aut lifcis con-suetudinibj suis aut utlaged aut exulet aut aliquo modo destruad nec sup eum mittem9 nec sup eum ibim9 nisi p legale juditiu pariu suop Yel p legem Sre: — En quele estatuit nest my mendon fait coment femes Dames de g*nde estate p die de lour Barons pes de la ire covertez ou soules cestassaver Duchesses Countesses ou Baronesses ?rount mys a respoundre, ou dev*nt queux Juges els Sroient juggez sur enditementz de tresons ou felonies p eux faitz, a de de quell il est une ambiguite & doute en la ley, devftnt queux & p queux tielz dames issint enditez ?ront mysez a respondre & est re adjuggez: Nre dit fT le Roy voillant oustier tielx ambiguites & doutes, ad declare p lauctorite de-suisdit, q tielx dames issint enditez ou on aps a enditierz de ascun treson ou felonie p eux feitz ou enaps affairez, coment q eles soieut co9tez de Baron ou soules, q eles en soient mesnez en fnse k mys a respoundre k adjuggez dev*nt

Item, whereas it is contained in the Great Charter, amongst other things, in the form which followeth: " No freeman shall be taken or imprisoned, or be disseised of his freehold, or liberties, or free customs, or be outlawed or exiled, or any other wise destroyed; nor will we not pass upon him, nor condemn him, but by lawful judgement of his peers, or by the law of the landin which statute is no mention made how women, ladies of great estate, [in respect to1] their husbands, peers of the land, married, or sole, that is to say, duchesses, countesses, or baronesses, shall be put to answer, or before what judges that they shall be judged upon indictments of treasons or felonies by them committed or done, in regard whereof it is a doubt in the law of England, before whom, and by whom such ladies so indicted shall be put to answer, and be judged: Our said lord the King, willing to put out such ambiguities and doubts, hath declared, by authority aforesaid, that such ladies so indicted, or hereafter to be indicted, of any treason or felony by them done, or hereafter to be done, whether they be married or sole, that they thereof shall be brought to answer, and put to answer and judged

1 in regard of

There are ax transcript* of the statute of this year; aU, except that from which the text ts here printed, being injured or imperfect* — See note to 9 Hen. VI.

Treasurer shall be associate with the chancellor, Ac.

IX. Recital of Magna Carta relating to trial by peers;

See Statute 25 E. I. c. 29.

Noble ladle* shall be tried as peers of the real* are tried.

20 Henry VI.

A.D. 1441-2.

before such judges and peers of the realm, as (1) peers of the realm should be, if they were indicted or impeached of such treasons or felonies done, or hereafter to be done, and in like manner and form, and none otherwise.


1 other

tielx Juges & Pes de le roi&hne, sicome autres Pes de le roi&lme Droient ails fuissent enditez ou empeschez de tielx tresons ou felonies faitz ou en aps affairez, & en autiel mafie & feme & en nuft autre.


23 HENRY VI. A.D. 1444-5

Here begin the Statutes Made at Westminster in the Twenty-third Year.

At the Parliament holden at the twenty-fifth day of February, the twenty-third year of the reign of Q) King Henry the sixth after the conquest, the same our lord the King, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons being in the said Parliament, (*) by the authority of the same Parliament, made to be ordained and stablished divers ordinances and statutes in the manner and form following.

vn. Item, whereas King Edward the

Recitel of the Third, for divers and special causes,

statutes against _ * ___

the continuance in his Parliament holden at West-

minster> the Wednesday next after

14 Edw. ill. Midlent, the fourteenth year of his st. 1. c. 7; J

1 our lord * and

Ex MS Cott. Nero. C. If

Incipiunt Statuta apud Westm edita anno xxiij°.

A U Plemt tenuz a Westm le xxY* jor de Fe9er lan du reigne nfe f* le Roi Henry le yja aps le conquest xxiii, mesme nfe iT le Roi del advys & assent de lez f rs espuelx & temporelx & lez Coes estea* en le dit plemt & p auctote de mesme le plemt fist or-deigner & establier di9sez ordeign*n-cez & estate en le maner & feme q ensuist.

Item [q2] le Roi E. le tierce p? vij. P) di9sez & notablez causez en son plemt tenuz a Westm le meskerdy pschein aps le di quaresme, lan de son reigne

1 ix. Lib. Scacc. and the subsequent chapters accordingly.

1 come Lib. Scacc.

This Parliament, which began on 25th February, 23 Henry VI. AD. 1444-5, was by divers prorogations continued to 9 April 24 Henry VL AD. 1446. The statute made in this Parliament has always been cited as 23 Henry VL

f No Statute Roll, nor any transcript of the statute of this year, is preserved in the Tower of London: The statute was first printed from this Cotton manuscript in Cay's edition of the Statutes. The various readings marked Lib. Scacc. are from the entiy in Lib. IX. in the Exchequer at Westminster; wherewith the old printed copies agree, unless the contrary is noted. The petitions entered on the Parliament Roll of this year, on which chapters L IV. V. and XIV. of the statute are framed, are in French; those on which the other chapters are framed are in English.

335

xiiij*, pr cause q drfsez Visco* en di9sez Counteez Deng! adonqs este-auntz avoie1 lor officez, ascuns pr Sme dans de gftunte du Roi, & ascuns confiantz en pli9 longe continuanc en loT officez p pcuremt &c. [feyne11] g*undemt esbandez & pteteront sr eux de faire pluso's & di9sez oppssions a le liege poepi du Roy, meyns duemt & malemt & fauxeme1 servoie1 le Roi & son poep!, ordeigna & fist q null Visco1 dem'eroit ne expecteroit en son offic oust? un an, & q adonqs un au? covenab! & sufficie1 ho* 8roit ordeine en son lieu p le Chaunceller & Tresorer Dengf & le chief Baron del Eschequer & au?s, chune an en lendemayn dez to* almez; sico* il appiert en le dit estat1: & aps cell estat* issint fait p un aut* estat1 fait a Weetm en le plemt du dit Roi tenuz le. p1^ jor de Maij lan de son reigne xlij*, ordeigna & fist q null Visco1 Southvisco1 ne Clerk de Vise demreroit ou expecteroit en son Offic oust? un an, sico* est ordeigne p aufe e8tate faitz dev*nt cell te*; sico* il pli9 pleinemt appiert p le dit estat1 del xlij*1* an: Et oust? ceo p un aut* estat1 fait a Westm en le xv* de Seint Michell lan du reigne du Roy Richard la sede prifl, foist ordeigne & fait q null home q avoit estee Yisco* dascun Counte p? un entier an ne Sroit eslieu autfoitz ne mys en la dit Offic deinz trois ans adonqs pscheinz ensuantz, sinoun q ne soit ascun aut* suffices1 deinz le dit Countee; sico* il pluis pleineme1 appiert p le dit estat1 du

1 forent Lib. State.

reign, for that several sheriffs in divers counties of England then being, had their offices, some for term of years of the King's grant, and some trusting of longer continuance in their offices, by procurement, &c. were greatly encouraged, and did take upon them to do many and divers oppressions to the King's liege people, unduly, and evil and falsly [to serve1] the King and his people, did ordain and stablish, that no sheriff should tarry nor abide in his office above a year, and that then another meet and sufficient man should be ordained in his place by the chancellor and treasurer of England, and the chief baron of the Exchequer, and other, every year in the morrow of All Souls; as it ap-peareth in the said statute: And after *2 Edw. m. the said statute so made, by another chaptCT 9 5 Statute made at Westminster, in the Parliament of the said King, holden the first day of May, the forty-second year of his reign, he ordained and made, that no sheriff, under sheriff, nor sheriff's clerk, should tarry or abide in his office over one year,- as it is ordained by other statutes before [this *] time; as it appeareth more plainly by the said statute of the same forty-second year: And moreover, by l R. IL c. 11. another Statute made at Westminster, the fifteenth of Saint Michael, the first year of the reign of Kong Richard the Second, it was ordained and made, that no man which [hath8] been sheriff of any county by one whole year, [shall4] be another time chosen nor put in the said office within three years (#) next ensuing, except that there be not other sufficient within the said county; as it appeareth more playnly by the said statute of King

1 Sved Rot. Parl. nu. x. (35.)

that

* \Rot. Parl. nu. x. 35. 4 shuld I

thenneJ


23 Henry VI.

A.D. 1444-5.

Recited statutes confirmed:

Exceptions, London, &c.

Penalty for occupying the office of sheriff above one year £200. per annum.

Richard: And whereas in divers counties in England, after the making of the said statutes, many and several sheriffs have been made, and have occupied within the said counties, some ten years, and some twelve years and more, to the great damage of the King that now is, his progenitors, and their people within the said counties, contrary to the said statutes, and all other good rule, and very like in time to come to be [to their1] importable damage, open disherison, and upholding of manslaughter, perjury, and great oppression to many of the King's liege people, considering the great consanguinity, alliance, and [familiars of the sheriffs,1 2 *] as well of them that have been before this time, as of them which now be in the said counties: Our said lord the King, considering the premises, hath ordained, by the authority aforesaid, that the statutes before recited, and every of them, shall be duly observed in every county of England; the under sheriffs and all other officers within the city of London, which now be, or shall be, at all times excepted; and such counties only except, in which divers of the King's liege people be inheritable [tos]' the office of [sheriffs 4 *] at this day; and also such persons as have estate of freehold in the office of [sheriffs4] at this day, and [exceptB] the letters patents made to them of the office of [sheriffs,4] and their under sheriffs and clerks ( 6): And if any sheriff, under sheriff, or sheriff's clerk, occupy the office of sheriff, under sheriff, or sheriff's clerk, contrary to any of the statutes afore recited, or against the effect or intent

1 omitted.

2 meyne of sherryffs

8 in I Rot. Parl. nu.

4 sherreff > x* 35.

# omitted here.

8 except

RoiRichard: &coeendi9sezCounteez Dengi aps la fesaunc dez ditz estat* pluso's di9sez Vise ont estez f&itz k ount occupiez deinz lez ditz Counteez ascuns x. ans, & ascuns xy. ans k pluis a le g*und damage da Roi qorest, sez pgenito's & lor poeple deinz lez ditz Counteez, cont*rie a lez ditz estat4* & to4 aut6 bon rule, & venue semblablemt en teB avenir destr im-ptabl damage o9t dishitaunc & sup-portacon domicidie & pjurre & g*und oppssion as pluso's du liege poepl du Roi, considerez lez g*undez cons&n-guinite alliaunc lez [famulers1] dez Vise, sifen de ceux q ount estee dev*nt cest teB coe de ceux q ore sont en lez ditz Counteez: Nre dit (* le Roi considers,4 lez pmissez ad ordeigne p loucto4* suisdit q lez estatu dev*nt recitez & chun de eux soie4 dueme1 obfvez en chune Countee Dengt; lez Southvisc & tou lez aufs offiSs deinz la Citee de Loundrez qore sont on 8ront to4 teB exceptz; & autielx Counteez ta4 soulemt exceptz en queux di9s de le liege poepl du Roi en loffic de Yisco4 a cest jor sont enheritez; k auxint tielx psonez q ont estate de frank tent en loffic de Yisco4 mesme cest jor & Irez patentz a eux faitz del offic de Visco4 & lor Southvisc & Clerks exceptz: Et si ascun Vise (*) ou Clerk de Vise occupia offic de Vise Southvisc ou Clerk de Vise cont^ie a ascuns de lez estatu av*nt recitez, ou encount* leffect ou entent dascun de eux, exceptz

1 families 1

2 Southvis J

Lib. Scace.

23 Henry VI.

337

dev*nt exceptz, q adonqs cestuy q ifisint occupia forfaira la s5me de CC li. annuelmt auxi longemt come il occupia contrarie al effect dez ditz estat*; & q chune pdon en te8 aveignir destre fait pr tiel [OffiSs *] ou occupa-con, forfaitur dez somez av*nt recitez Sroit voidez & nie* advailablez: & to* patentz faitz [& *] affairs de ascun de lez ditz Offics pr Sme dans, ?me de vie, en fee simple ou fee taill a ascun de lez liegez du Hoi exceptz devant exceptz soie* voidez & de null value p mesme laucto*; ascun clause ou parole de non obstante en ascun ( 8 ) mys ou a mett* en tielx patentz destre faitz nient obstamtz. Et oustre ceo qconq> psume sur luy ou s' eux daccepter ou occupier la dit Offic de Visco* p 9tue dautielx gauntez ou patentz ore affairez pr ?me dans a Yme de vie fee simple ou fee taill destoier disable ppetuelmt & to* te destre ou porter loffice de Visco* deinz ascun Countee en Engl p mesme laucto*; & q chune liege home q voet suer p' la dit some forfait en9s celluy ou ceux q en tiel mante forface ou forface*, serra resceu & admys de suer accion de dette en son gpre noun, le Roy davoir lune moite de to* ceo q aveigSa p icell accon destre reco9ez p tiel suite, & celluy ou ceux q issint p'suera ou p'suero* da9 lau% moite.

Item le Roi considera* lez g»undez pjure extorcon & oppssion queux sont & ont esteez en cest Roial, p sez Visco* Southvisc & lo* Clerks Coro&s SeneschaR dez f*unchisez Baillifs & Gardeinz dez prisons, & aufs OffiSs en

1 offence-|

ou > Lib. Scocc.

3 maSe J

of any of them, except before excepted, that then he which doth so occupy, shall forfeit the sum of CC li. yearly as long as he occupieth contrary to the effect of the said statutes; and All pardons that every pardon hereafter to be toihe made for such offence or occupation, contrary, void, or forfeiture of sums before recited, shall be void, and not available; and all patents made, or to be made, of any the said offices for term of years, for term of life, in fee simple, or in fee tail, to any of the King's liege people, except before excepted, shall be void, and of no value, by the same authority; any clause or word of non obstante in any wise put or to be put in such patents to be made notwithstanding: And moreover, whosoever will take upon him or them, to [havel] or occupy the said office of sheriff, by virtue of such grants or patents now to be made for term of years, for term of life, fee simple, or fee tail, shall stand for ever and at all times disabled to be, or bear the office of, sheriff within any county in England by the same authority; and that Action for every liege man which will sue for the said sum forfeit, against him or them which in such manner [doth forfeit or shall forfeit,1 2 3] shall be received and admitted to sue an action of debt in his own name, our lord the King to have the one half of all that shall happen by the same action to be recovered by such suit, and he or thev that so pursue to have the other half.

Item, the King, considering the IX.

, . , ,. , No sheriff

great pequry, extortion, and oppres- let

sion which be and have been in this &c-

realm by his sheriffs, under sheriffs,

and their clerks, coroners, stewards of

franchises, bailiffs, and keepers of

prisons, and other officers in divers

1 accept Rot. Parl. nu. x. (35.)

doth or do forfeit

Y

23 Henry VI.

A.D. 1444-5.

No sheriffs* officers or bailiffs shall be returned upon inquests.

Such officers shall not take any thing of persons arrested, for ease and ffiyour, &c.

Fees on arrests, attachments, &c.

No fee for returns or panels.

counties of this realm, hath ordained by authority aforesaid, in eschewing of all such extortion, perjury, and oppression, that no sheriff shall let to ferm in any manner, his county, nor any of his bailiwicks, hundreds, nor wapentakes; nor that the said sheriffs, under sheriffs, bailiffs of franchises, nor any other bailiff, shall return upon any writ or precept to them directed [to be returned1] any inquests, in any panel thereupon to be made, any bailiffs, officers, or servants to any of the officers aforesaid, in any panel by them so to be made; nor that [any1 2 3] of the said officers and ministers, by occasion or under colour of their office, shall take any other thing, by them nor by any other person to their use [profit *] or avail, of any person by them or any of them to be arrested or attached, nor of none other for them, for the [omitting 4] of any arrest or attachment to be made by their [body,5] or of any person, by them or any of them by force or colour of their office arrested or attached, for fine, [fee,6] suit of prison, mainprise, letting to bail, or shewing any ease or favour to any such person so arrested or to be arrested, for their reward or profit, but such as follow; that is to say, for the sheriff xx d. the bailiff which maketh the arrest or attachment, four-pence, and the gaoler, if the prisoner be committed to his ward, four-pence: And that the sheriff,

under sheriff, sheriff's clerk, steward or bailiff of franchise, servant [of7] bailiff [or8] coroner, shall not take [any thing *] by colour of his office, by

1 to reto'ne * none

4 forbering 6 bodies

7 or 9 omitted here.

3 Rot. Pari, inserts this word.

6 Rot. Parl. nu. xiv. (89.) inserts this

word.

T Rot.Pari. ? nu. xiv.

J (39.)

di9sez Counteei dicest Roiai, ad or-deigne p lauctoto suisdit, en eschuyng dez to* tielx extorcons pjurie & op-pssion, q null Vise lesse a feme en ascun ma&e son Counte, ne ascun de sez Baillifwiks Hundredez ne Wapen-takez; ne q lez ditz Vise Southvisc Baillifs dez faunchisez ne ascun aut Baillif reto'ne s' ascun bf ou pcept a eux direct de reto'ner ascuns enquestez, en ascun panell sur ceo destre fait, ascuns Baillifs OffiSs ou Servants a ascun de lez OffiSs suisditz en ascon panell p eux issint affair; ne q null de lez ditz OffiSs & ministrez p occasion ou south colour de lor offic pigne ascun aut chose, p eux ne p ascun au? psone a lor oeps Q) ou availle, dascun psone p eux ou ascuns de eux destre arrestuz ou attachez, ne de null aut* p* eux, pT le lesser dascun arrest ou attachem destre fait p lo* corps; ou de ascon psone p eux ou ascun de eux p force ou colo* de lo1 offic arestuz ou attachez, p* fyn [ne 2] sewet de prison maymp^ lessance a baiH ou monst»unce ascon ease ou favor a ascun tiel psone issint arrestuz, ou arrestier, p* lo1 regard oa pfit sinoun tiel coe ensuist; 8. p le Viscot xx d. le Baillif q face l&rrest ou lattachemt %iiij d. & le Gaoler si le pisoner soit coinis a sa garde iiij d. Et q le Vis8 Southvisc Clerk de Vise Seneschall ou Baillif de f*unchis Servant ou Baillif ne CoroS, pigne p colo* de son offig, p* luy ne p ascun aut

1 pfit Lib. Scacc. 3 fee Lib. Scan,

23 Henry YI.

339

psone a son use, dascun psone pr la faisur dascun retorne ou panell ascun chose, & p1 la copie dun panell iiij d .: & q lez ditz Visco* & to* aufe OffiSs & ministrez avantditz lesseront hors du p^on tota maSs dez psonez p eux ou ascun de eux arrestiers, ou esteat en lo* garde, p force dun br bill ou gari^unt en ascun accon psonell ou p cause denditemt de Sspas, sr resonabl suerte dez sufficeau psonez eiat suffi-cieaunte deinz lez Counteez lou tielx psonez sount issint lessez a bailie ou mayuipris, de garder lor jors en tielx lieux coe lez ditz bfs billes ou gar-r*untz require*; tiel psone ou psonez q sont ou §ront en lor garde p con-dempnacion execucon capias utlagatu ou excoicatu, suerte de peas & tote tielx psonez q sont comys a gard p espeal comaundemt dascun Justic, & vager°untz refusauntz de §vir solonc^ la forme del estat* dez laborers, t»unt soulemt exceptz. Et q null Visco* ne null dez Offi?s oti Ministrez suisditz pigne ou face de pndr ou fair ascun obligacSn p ascun cause suisditz ou color de lor offic, sinoun taunt soulemt a lor mesmez, dascun psone nepr ascun psone q soit en lor garde p le coTs de la leye, forsq, sr le noun de lor offic, & sr condicon (1) q la dit p*soner ap-pierga a le jor conteignuz en le dit bfe bill ou garr*unt (*) requiert Et si ascuns de lez ditz Yisc ou au%s OffiSs

1 escrie Lib. Scacc.

5 & en tielx lieux co le dit brs billes ou garrantz Lib. Scacc.

him nor by any other person to his use, of any person for the making of any return or panel, Q) and for the copy of any panel, but iv d: And that the said sheriffs, and all other officers and ministers aforesaid, shall let out of prison all manner of persons by them or any of them (*) arrested, or being in their custody, by force of any writ, bill, or warrant in any action personal, or by cause of indictment of trespass, upon reasonable [sureties *] of sufficient persons, having sufficient within the counties where such persons be so let to bail or mainprise, to keep their days in such [place4] as the said writs, bills, or warrants shall require; such person or persons which be or shall be in their ward by condemnation, execution, capias utlagatum or excommuni-catum, surety of the peace, and all such persons which be [or shall be] committed to ward by special commandment of any justice, and vagabonds refusing to serve according to the form of the Statute of Labourers only except. And that no sheriff, nor [any ] of the officers or ministers aforesaid, shall take (6) or cause to be taken or [make,7] any obligation for any cause aforesaid, or by colour of their office, but only to themselves, of any person, nor [by8] any person which shall be in their ward by the course of the law, but [by ] the name of their office, and upon condition [written,10] that the said prisoner shall appear at the day contained in the said writ, bill, or warrant, [and in such places as the said writs, bills, or warrants n] shall requira And if any of the said sheriffs, or other officers or

2 to be 4 places 6 or make 9 under

1 any thing 3 suerte 5 none 8 for 7 made

10 11 Rot. Pari, inserts these words*


Fee for copy of a panel.

Sheriffs, &c. shall let to bail all persons arrested.

On sureties;

except persons in execution, &c.

How the bond shall be taken, on such bailing;

the condition thereof.

Bonds in other form Yoid.

340

23 Henby YI.

A.D. 1444-5.

Sheriffs shall make deputies in the King's courts.

Penalty on offending against this act.

Justices of assizes, &c. may inquire of offenders.

Sheriff re- ^ turning cepi corpus, or reddidit se, shall be chargeable with the bodies.

ministers aforesaid, take any obligation in other form by colour of their offices, that it shall be void; and that he shall take no more for the making of any such obligation, warrant, or precept by them to be made, but four-pence. And also that every of the said sheriffs shall make yearly a deputy in the King's courts of his Chancery, the Kings Bench, the Common Place, and in the Exchequer, of record, before that they shall return any writs, to receive all manner of writs and warrants to be delivered to them; and that all sheriffs, under sheriffs, clerks, bailiffs, gaolers, coroners, stewards, bailiffs of franchises, or any other officers or ministers, which do contrary to this ordinance [in*] any point of the same, shall lose to the party [in this behalf1 2 *] in-damaged or grieved, his treble damages, and shall forfeit the sum of xl. li. at every time that they or any of them do the contrary thereof in any point of the same, whereof the King shall have the one half, to be employed to the use of his house, and in no other wise, and the party that will sue the other half: And that the justices of assises in their sessions, justices of the one bench and of the other, and justices of peace in their [county,8] shall have power to inquire hear and determine, of office without special commission, of and upon all them that do contrary to [these ordinances4] in any article or point of the same. And if the said sheriffs return upon any person, cepi corpus, or reddidit se, that they shall be chargeable to have the bodies of the said persons, at the days of the return of the said writs bills or warrants, in such form as they were before the making of

1 or

2 therinne I Rot. Parl.

8 countreis r nu. xiv. (39.)

4 this orden*nce ,

ou Ministrez suisditz pigne ascun obli-gacon en aute foTme p color de lor officez qil soit voide; Et qil ne pigne pluis pr la fe^unc dascun tiel obligation garr*unt ou pcept p eux destre fait forsq, iiij d. Et auxint q chune de lez ditz Vise face annuelme* un depute en lez Cortz du Roi de sa ChaunSie Bank du Roy coe Bank & leschequer de re-corde devant ceo qils retornet ascuns brs, de rescei9 to* ma& dez bfs & garrantz a eux destre deli9ez; Et q tou lez Vise Southvisc Clercs Baillifi Gaolers Corofis Seneschal! Baillife dez foinchisez, ou ascuns au?s OffiSs on ministez, queux font le contone dicest ordeignanc ou dascun point dicell, pde a la ptie en ycell endamage ou grave sez treblez dam; & forface la some de xl. ti a chune te8 q eux ou ascun de eux fot le cont^rie dicell en ascun point dicell, dont le Roi davoir lune moite ceo destre emploiez a le use de son hostiel & en null aute ma9e, & lautG moite a celluy q ceo voet suer. Et q lez Justic dez assisez en lof Sessions Justic del un Bank & del aute & Justic de la peas en lor paiis eiet poiar denquerer oier & ?mier doffic 8aunz espeal cSmission de & sr to* iceux q ferront le cont^rie dicest ordeignanc en chune article ou point dicell. Et si lez ditz Visco* reto'ne1 sur ascun psone cepi corpus ou reddidit se qils soie1 chargeablez davoir [le corps1] dez ditz psonez a lez jo's de le reto'ne dez ditz bfs billez ou gamuntz en tiel fi/me come ils fare4

1 les corps Lib. Scaec.

23 Henry VI.

341

dev»nt la fesaunc diceste acte. Pur-veu to* foitz q p cest psent ordeignanc le Gardeyn de la Gaole le Roy de Flete & de la Paleys du Roi a Westm pr le te8 estea* ne soit endamage ne pjudice en son duete de son Offic: Et auxint q cest ordeignanc comenSa en la fest de Pasq, q §ra en lan de nre f* Jftu Crist M1 CCCC xlvj*.

[Rep. in part as follows —

so much as ordains that no sheriff or under-sheriff shall return any of their officers or servants in any of the cases herein mentioned, rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

so much as relates to sheriffs and other officers and ministers herein mentioned letting out of prison upon sureties any person in custody upon indictment, rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

so much as relates to the fees to be taken by sheriffs, under-sheriffs, sheriffs' clerks, and other officers and ministers of sheriffs, rep., 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 55. s. l.J * Item co* p aucto* dim plemt tenuz a Westm lan du reigne de le ?s honorabt pier du Roi qorest prin), en? au?s chosez ordeigne fuist, q lez Citezeins & Burgeisez dez Citees & Burglis venantz au plemt §roiet eslieux homez Citezeins & Burgeisez re-sceauntz demurra*8 & enfimnehisez en mz lez Citeez & Burghs & null au?s, co* en m lestat* pluis pleynemt est conteignuz; lez queux Citizeins & Burgeisez Q) & null au?s ont to4 te* en Citeez & Burghs estez eslieux, & as Viscote dez Counteez reto^ez, & sr lour reto^aez resceux & acceptez [prS] lez plemtz devant sez hoeurez tenuz: Et auxi* coe p auctote dun plemt tenuz a Westm lan du reigne le Roi qorest oeptisme, ordeigne fuist 1 2

1 p Citezeins & Burgeyses 1 Rot. Parl.

2 Printed, copies read per > nu. xxiii.

— Rot*. Pari, as text. J (48.)

this act. Provided always, that the warden of the King's gaol of the Fleet, and of the King's palace [of1] Westminster for the time being, shall not be endamaged nor prejudiced by this (*) ordinance in [the8] duty of his office. And also that this ordinance shall begin at the feast of Easter, which shall be in the year of our Lord (*) MCCCCxlvj.

[Rep. in part as follows — so much as ordains that no sheriff or under-sheriff shall return any of their officers or servants in any of the cases herein mentioned, rep., 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.

so much as relates to sheriffs and other officers and ministers herein mentioned letting out of prison upon sureties any person in custody upon indictment, rep., 7 Geo. 4. c. 64. s. 32.

so much as relates to the fees to be taken by sheriffs, under-sheriffs, sheriffs' cferks, and other officers and ministers of sheriffs, rep., 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 55.8.1. J * Item, whereas by authority of a Parliament holden at Westminster, the first year of the reign of [King Henry,] father to the King that now is, amongst other things it was ordained, that the citizens and burgesses of cities and boroughs, coming to the Parliament, should be chosen men citizens and burgesses resiant, dwelling, and free in the same cities and boroughs, and none other, as in the same statute more fully is contained; which citizens and burgesses have always in cities and boroughs been chosen by citizens and burgesses, and no other, and to the sheriffs of the counties returned, and upon their returns received and accepted [by5] the Parliaments before this holden: And also, whereas by authority of a Parliament holden at Westminster, the eighth year of the reign of the King that now is, it was ordained in

1 atte "I

2 psent > Rot. Parl. nu. xiv. (39.)

3 his J

4 JetuM Christ % for

Exception for the warden of the Fleet, &o. c.

XIV. Recital of St. 1 H. V. c. 1.

and of Stat.

8 H. VI. c. 7.

23 HKnry VI.

A.D. 1444-5.

Defaults of sheriff in retaining knights, &c. to Parliament

The recited Statutes 1 H. Y. c. 1. 8 H. VI. c. 7. confirmed.

what manner and form the knights of the shires [comingx] to the Parliaments from thenceforth to be holden should be chosen, and how the sheriffs of the same counties thereupon should make their returns, as in the same statute more fully appeareth; by force of which statute, elections of knights to come to Parliament sometimes have been duly made, and lawfully returned, until now of late, that divers sheriffs of the counties of the realm of England, for their singular avail and lucre, have not made due elections of the knights, nor in convenient time, [nor good men and true returned,2] and sometime no [return3] of the knights, citizens, and burgesses lawfully chosen to come to the Parliaments; but [such knights, citizens, and burgesses have been returned,4] which were never duly chosen, and other citizens and burgesses than those which by the mayors, and bailiffs were to the said sheriffs returned; and sometimes the sheriffs have not returned the writs which they had to make elections of knights to come to the Parliaments, but the said writs have imbesiled, and moreover made no precept to the mayor and bailiffs, or to the bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, of cities and boroughs, for the elections of citizens and burgesses, to come to the Parliaments, by colour of these words contained in the same writs: u Quod in pleno comitatu tuo eligi facias pro comitatu tuo duos Milites, et pro qualibet civitate in comitatu tuo duos Cives, et pro quolibet burgo in comitatu tuo duos Burgenses;" and also because sufficient penalty and convenient remedy for the party in such case grieved is not ordained in the said statutes against the sheriffs,

. mayors, and bailiffs, which do con-

1 to come 2 nor good and true returns 3 returns 4 have returned such knights citizens and burgesses

en quell ma9e & feme lez Chtre dez Counteez a venir as plemtz en aps teniers §ront eslieux, & comt lez Visco4* dez mz lez Counteez & ceo [§roie41] lo* retornez, coe en mesme lestat4 pluis pleynemt appiert; p force de quele estat4 eleccons dez Chtrz a venir a pleme4 ascun foitz ont estez dueffit faitz & loialmt retornez, tanq^ a ore tarde q di?sez Visco4* dez Counteez du Roial Deng! pr lor singuler availl & lucre ne ont faitz due eleccons dez Chtrs, ne en te8 covenabt, ne bons & 9roiez retornez & ascun foitz null retoTnez dez CMre Citizeins & Burgeisez loialme1 ealuz pr venir as plemtz, mez ont retornez tielx Chtrs Citezeins & Burgeisez q ne fure4 imquez dueme4 eslieux, & au?s Citezeins & Burgeisez [q ne fure4 unqs2] q ceux q p Mairs & Baillife as ditz Visco4' fure4 retoTnez; Et ascun foitz lez Yisc ne ont retornez [ps] brs qils avoient pr fair eleccons dez Chtrs a venir as plemtz, einz lez ditz brs ont embesillez, & oust? null pcept as Mair & Baillife, ou as Baillife ou Baillif ou Mair nest, dez [Citezeins & Burgeisez4] pr eleccons dez Citezeins & Burgeisez de venir as plemtz [furent ] p coloT de cestz parolx con-tenuz en lez ditz brs, qd in pleno Com tuo elegi fac p Com tuo duos milites, & g quatt civitate in Com tuo duos Cives, & g quott Burgo in Com tuo duos Burgenses; Et auxint pr ceo q sufficea4 peyne & covenabt remedie p1 la ptie en tiel cas g*ve ne sont p ordeignez en lez ditz estSat* 9s lez Visco41 Mairs & Baillife q face4 encount*

1 ferroient

2 omitted

3 lez, on an erasure.

4 Citees et Burghs

5 firent

Rot. Pari, nu. xxiii. (48.)

. 23 Henry VI.

343

la forme dez ditz estatu: le Roi considered lez pmissez ad ordeigne p aucto* suisdit, q lez ditz estat* soient duemt gardez & obfvez en to1* pointz: Et oustre ceo q chune Vise aps la li9e de [chune l] tiel bf a luy fait [fair *] & deli9a saunz fraude un sufficeat pcept desouth son seal a chune Mair & Baillif, ou as Baillifs ou Baillif ou Mair nest, [deinz8] Citeez & Burghs deinz son Countee recita1 le dit bre eux comaunda1 p m le pcept deslier, si soit Citee p Citezeins de mesme la Citee [deux4] Citezeinz, & en m la foTme si soit Burgh Burgeisez, de venir al plemt. Et q mesmez lez Mair & Baillifs ou [Baillif & *] Mair nest [dez Citeez & Burghs ] retornel ou retorne loialme1 le dit pcept a mesme le Vise, p endenturez ent m le Yisco1 & eux affair de lez ditz elec-55ns & dez nons dez ditz Citezeins & Burgeisez issint p eux eslutz; Et s' ceo q chune Visco* face bon & droit retorne de chune tiel fere & de chune retorne p Mair & Baillifs, ou [*] Baillif ou Mair nest a luy fait. Et q chune Yisco1 a chune foitz qil face le con-trarie dicest estat1 ou dascun aute estat1 pr eleccon dez Chtrs Citezeins & Burgeisez de venir al plemt devant sez hoeurez fait encorge la peyne con-tenu en le dit estatt fait le dit an oeptisme; Et oust0 ceo forface & paie

1 uscun on an erasure. 3 ferra

3 des

4 omitted.

6 Baillifs ou Baillif ou

6 omitted.

7 Baillifs ou

, Rot. Parl.

*nu. xxiii.(48.)

trary to the form of the said statutes: The King considering the premises hath ordained by authority aforesaid, that the said statutes shall be duly kept (*) in all points: And moreover that every sheriff, after the delivery of any such writ to him made, shall make and deliver without fraud a sufficient precept under his seal to every mayor and bailiff, or to bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, of the cities and boroughs within his county, reciting the said writ, commanding them by the same precept [if it be a city, to choose 2] by citizens of the same city, citizens, and in the same manner and form, if it be a borough, [by the burgesses of the same,8] to come to the Parliament. And that the same mayor and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, shall return lawfully the (4) precept to the same [sheriffs,5] by indentures betwixt the same [sheriffs,5] and them to be made of the said elections, and of the names of the said citizens and burgesses by them so chosen; and thereupon () every sheriff shall make a good and rightful return of every such writ, and of every return by the mayors and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, to him made. And that every sheriff at every time that he doth contrary to this statute, or any other statute for the election of knights citizens and burgesses to come to the Parliament, before this time made, shall incur the pain contained in the said statute made the said eighth year; and more-

1 and observed

i to choose, if it be a city

3 burgesses — Some old translations read "by the burgesses of the same, burgesses," Rot. Parl. $ Lib. Scacc. agTee with the French text in MS. Cott. The old printed copies read " p lez burgeises dicelle "

4 said 5 sheriff

6 that

The sheriffs shall send precepts to the mayors, &c. of cities and boroughs, to elect citizens and burgesses to Parliament;

mayors, &c. shall return the said precepts to the sheriffs; who shall make rightful returns accordingly.

Sheriffs transgressing this or any former statute touching elections, shall in addition to the penalty to the King under the Statute 8 H. VI. c. 7. forfeit 1001. to the party, &c.

23 Henby VI.

A.D. 1444-5.

Penalty on mayor or bailiff making nndne return of citizens or burgesses;

40 1. to the King and 40 1. to the party, &c.

over shall forfeit and pay to every person hereafter chosen knight, citizen, or burgess in his county, to come to any Parliament, and not (*) duly returned, or to any other person, which in default of such knight citizen or burgess will sue, an hundred pounds; whereof every knight citizen and burgess so grieved, severally, or any other person which in their default will sue, shall have his action of debt against the said sheriff, or his executors or administrators, to demand and have the said hundred pounds, with his costs spent in that case. And that in such action taken by virtue of this statute, the defendant shall not wage his law of the demand aforesaid in any wise, and that no defendant in such action shall have any essoin: And in the same manner at every time that any mayor and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, shall return other than those which be chosen by the citizens and burgesses of the cities or boroughs where such elections be or shall be made, (*) shall incur and forfeit to the King forty pounds; and moreover shall forfeit and pay to every person hereafter chosen citizen or burgess to come to the Parliament, and not by the same mayor and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, returned, or to any other person which in default of such citizen or burgess so chosen will sue, forty pounds; whereof every of the citizens and burgesses so grieved severally, or any other person which in their default will sue, shall have his action of debt against every of the said mayor and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, against their executors or administrators, to demand and have of every the said [mayors s] and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, forty pounds, with his costs in this case

1 by him * they 3 mayor

a chime psone en aps eslieu Chivaler Citezein ou Burgeis en son Counte de venir a ascun plemt, & nemye p lay duemt i*etorne, ou a ascun aut peon q en defaute de tiel Chivaler Citezein, (*) Burgeis suer le voet C !i. dont don Chtr Citezein & Burgeis issint g*ve se9almet ou ascun aut psone q en lo7 defaulte suer voet eit sa accion de dette en9s le dit Visco* ou sez executor ou admistratoT a demaunder & a9 lez ditz C 1L ove sez costagez en cest cas despenduz. Et q en tiel accion pris p 9tue dicest estat* le defendant ne gaga sa ley de la demaunde suisdit en null maSe; Et q null defendant en tiel accon a9a ascun essoyn: Et en m le ma&e a chune foitz q ascune Mair & Baillife, ou Baillife ou Baillif ou Mair nest, retornel ou retorne au& q ceux q sont esluz p lez Citezeins & Burgeisez dez Citeez & Buighs on tielx elec cons sont ou §ront faitz, encorge & forface a Roi xl ti. & enoust forface & paie a chune psone enaps eslieu Citezein ou Burgeis a venir al plemt & nemye p mz lez Mair & Baillife ou Baillife ou Baillif ou Mair nest retorne, ou (2) aut psone q en defaulte de tiel Citezein ou Burgeis issint eslieu suer voet, xl H. dont chune dez Citezeins et Burgeysez issint gve se9almet ou ascun aut? psone q en lo* defaute suer voet ait sa accion de dette en9s chune dez ditz Mair & Baillifs, ou Baillife ou Baillif ou Mair nest, en9s lo* executor ou admistratoT a demaunder & a9 de chune dez ditz Mair & Baillife ou (*) Baillif ou Mair nest xl ti ove sez costagez en cest cas expenduz; & q

1 ou "|

2 a [Rot. Parl. nu. xxiy. (48.)

3 Baillifs ou J

23 Henry VL

345

en tiel accion de detie p*8 p force dicest esta* null defend*unt gaga sa ley de dit demaunde en null maBe ne a?a ascun essoin. Et q chune Visco* q ne face due election dez Chtrs p1, venir al plemt en te8 cove-nabt, s. chune Visco* en son pleyn Counte pent? le houre de viij & le hoeur de xje dev»nt le none saunz collusion en cesb ptie, & chune Visco* q ne face bon & verray re-to'ne dez tielx elections dez Chtrs de venir al plemt en te8 avenir coe a eux apptie* en roafie & tome suisditz, forface en9s le Koi C !i. & enco'ge la peyne de C ii. a paier a celluy q voet suer en9s luy sez execute's ou admlstrato's pr (l) cause p voie daccon de dette ove sez costagez en cell ptie expenduz, (*) gager de ley de cell demaunde ou a9 essoin coe dev*nt est dit: Pveu to* foitz q chun Chtr Citezein & Burgeis pur venir a ascun plemt en te8 aveignir a tenir, en due fo'me eslieu & noun pas reto'ne coe desuis est dit, [coe 8] sa accion de dette suisdit deinz trois mois aps mesme le plemt comence, a gceder en la dit suite effectuelmt saunz fraud©; & si issint ne face eit un aut q suer le voet le dit action de dette co devant est dit de a9 & recover m la sdme ove sez costagez en cest ptie dispenduz en mane & fo'me av*nt dit, issint q null defendant en tiel accion gaga sa ley ne soit essoin en null ma8e co desuis est dit. Et si ascun Chivaler Citezein ou Burgeis en te8 aveignir, reto'ne p le Yisco* de venir al plemt en la ma9e suisdit, aps tiel reto'ne p ascun psone soit ouste & un aut mys en son lieu, q tiel psone issint mys en le lieu

1 cest

-2 saunz \Rot. Parl. nu. xxiii. (48.)

3 comence J

expended; and that in such action of debt, taken by force of this statute, no defendant in any wise shall wage his law of the said demand, nor have any essoin. And that every sheriff Timeofelec-that maketh not due election of knights to come to the Parliament in convenient time, that is to say, every sheriff in his full county, betwixt the hour of eight and the hour of eleven before noon, without collusion in this behalf, and every sheriff that maketh Penalty on not good and true return of such elections of knights to come to the andiooi. to Parliament in time to come, as to ^ &c-

them pertaineth, in manner and form aforesaid, shall forfeit to the King an hundred pounds; and shall incur the pain of an hundred pounds to be paid to him that will sue against him, his executors or administrators, for this cause, by way of action of debt, with his costs in this behalf expended, without waging of law of this demand, or having essoin, as afore is said. Provided always, that every Recovery of knight, citizen, and burgess to come penaltie*' to any Parliament hereafter to be holden, in due form chosen and not returned as afore is said, shall begin his action of debt aforesaid within three months after the same Parliament commenced, to proceed in the same suit effectually without, fraud; and if he so do not, another that will sue shall have the said action of debt, as it is before said, [and shallx] recover the same sum with his costs spent in this behalf, in manner and form aforesaid, so that no defendant in such action shall wage his law, nor be essoined in any wise, as afore is said. And if any knight, citizen, or If wy who is burgess, hereafter returned by the sheriff to come to the Parliament in citizen, or the manner aforesaid, after such re- p^tont/and turn, be by any person put out, and ia"^er1put another put in his place, that such ^aity against

1 to have and

346 .

23 Henby VI.

A.D. 1444-5.

the person taking his seat: 100 1. to the King, and 100 1. to the party, &c.

What persons shall be chosen knights of the shires.

XVL When and where eschea-tors shall take inquests:

person so put in the place of him; which is [out,1] if he take upon him to be knight, citizen or burgess, at any Parliament in time to come, shall forfeit to the King an hundred pounds, and an hundred pounds to the knight, citizen, or burgess so returned by the sheriff, and after, as afore is said, put out. And that that knight, citizen, or burgess which is so put out shall have an action of debt of the same C li. against such person (a) put in his place, his executors or administrators; provided always, that he shall begin his suit within three months after the Parliament commenced; and if he do not, that then he that will sue shall have an action of debt of the same, C li. against him which is put in place of him that is so put out after such return, his executors or administrators; and that no defendant in such action shall wage his law, nor be essoined; and that such process shall be in the actions aforesaid, as is in a writ of trespass done against the peace at the common law. So that the knights of the shires for the Parliament hereafter to be chosen, shall be notable knights of the same counties for the which they shall (*) be chosen, or otherwise such notable esquires, gentlemen (4) of the same counties, as shall be able to be knights; and no man to be such knight which standeth in the degree of a yeoman and under. {Rep. as to the residence of persons to be elected members to serve in Parliament, or of the persons by whom they are to be chosen, 14 Geo. 3. c. 58.J

Item, it is ordained, by the authority aforesaid, that every escheator shall take his inquests of office by virtue of the writs of diem clausit extremum, and all other writs, within the month after the delivery of such

1 put out 3 so

3 so 1 Rot. Parl. nn. xxiii. (48.)

of birth j Resp.

cestuy q est ouste, sil accepte sr luy destre Chivaler Citezein ou Burgeis a ascun plemt en te8 avenir, forface de?s le Roi G li; & C IL al Chivaler Citezein ou Burgeis issint retoTne p le Visco* & aps come devnt est dit ouste. Et q cest Chivaler Citezein ou Burgeis q est issint ouste a9a action de dette dez mesmez C li. 9s tiel psone issint mys en son lieu sez executes ou admistrators; Purveu to* foitz qil comence sa suite deinz trois moys aps le plemt comence; & si il ne face q celluy q voet suer a?a acSon de dette dez mesmez lez C li. en9s cestuy q est mys en le lieu cestuy q est issint aps tiel retrfne ouste sez executors ou adm!strators; & q null defendant en tiel accion gagera sa ley ne soit essoin, & q autiel gcesse soit en lez accons avantditz coe est en fere de [tans1] fait encount la peas [de 2] la coie ley. Issint q lez Chtrs dez Counteez pr le plemt en aps a esliers soiet notablez Chlrs dez mesmez lez Counteez pr lez queux ils serront issint esluz, ou auffht tielx notablez Esquiers gentils homez del [Nativite8] dez mesmez lez Counteez co soie1 ablez destre Chivalers; & null home destre tiel Chivaler q estoise en la

degree de vadlet & desouth. JRep. as to the residence of persons to be elected members to serve in Parliament, or of the persons by whom they are to be chosen,

14 Geo. 3. c. 58.J



Item ordeigne est p lauctorite zq. suisdit q cfeune Eschetour pigne sez enquestez doffice, p vertue dez brez de diem clausit extremu & toutz au& briefs, deinz le mois aps la deli9aunc

tiespass | ^ Pari. nu. xxiii. (48.)

i 3 naissaunce Lid. Scacc.

23 Henry YI.

347

dautielx b?s; & auxint q toutz autielx inquisicons soie4 prisez en bonez villez & lieux o9tez; et q null de eux pigne privemt ne appiert p luy ne p autre [p ascunex] mesne psone pur lexecu-cion dez ascunez tielx briefs en un Counte, ne p loccasion de ceo oustre la s5me de vj s. viij d. ou xiij s. iiij d. ou desouth lou son labour & sez costagez ceo demaunderent, issint q la some qil autielme4 pndra nexceda pas en tout la some de xl s. pur lez executions dascune tiel brief en un Countee; et si ascune Eschetour face le contrarie dascune de lez pmissez q adonqs il forface la s5me de xl ti: auxint q si ascune home trapse ascun office prise devant ascun Eschetour ou Comission?, & dent eit ascun Scir fac en9s ascun patente, q en cell case null pteccion soit allowe ne allouable; & qaunt a ascun graunt ou leez a fair (*) ascune psone q tra9sa ascun tiel office q lestat4* en tiel cas devant cest [estat4 *] faitz soie4 duement observez: & q le Boi eit la moite de la dit forfaitur de xL ii. & q la partie q en cest ptie voet suer pur le Roi & luy mesmez eit lautre moite dicell. *

1 das cun Lib. Scacc. — Printed copies as text.

2 a Lib. Scacc. 5 temps Lib. Scacc.

writs; and also that all such inquisitions shall be taken in good towns and open places; and that none of Fees of them shall take privily nor openly by <*chcator8» him, [nor by any person1] for the execution of any such writs in one county, nor by the occasion thereof, above the sum of six shillings and eight-pence, or thirteen shillings and four-pence, or above where his labour and his costs shall require it, so that the sum which he so shall take do not exceed in the whole the sum of forty shillings, for the execution of any such writ in one county; and if any Penalty, escheator do contrary to any of the premises, that then he shall forfeit the

sum of forty pounds. Also that if Ontraver«e , , of inquest no

any man traverse any office taken protection in

before any escheator or commissioner, 8cire feiaa* and thereof hath a scire facias against any [patentee,2] that in this case no protection shall be allowed, nor allowable; and as to any grant or lease to Leases to be made to any person which shall traverserf' traverse any such office, that the statute in that case, before this time made, shall be duly observed: And that the King shall have the half of the said forfeiture of forty pounds, and the party, which in this behalf will sue for the King and himself, shall have the other half of the same. *

1 ne by oder, be any mene Rot. Parl.

person > nu. xxv.

2 patente J (50.)

27 HENRY YI. A.D. 1448-9.

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. V.

m. 7, 6.

Jy" Se 2rato jtfri)0.



y* Iim considerate abhominabilibj

injuriis & offensis Omipotenti Deo

Of the Twenty-seventh Year.


Item, considering the abominable V. injuries and offences done C) to Al-mighty God, and to his saints always and markets on

nfo, sciaq* suis, nris semp in neces-

1 and perpetrated

348

27 HmraY VI.

A.D. 1448-9.

Sundays and upon high feast days.

Fairs and markets shall not be holden Sundays or on festivals.

Exception of the four Sundays in harvest

(*) aiders and singular assisters in our necessities, because of fairs and markets upon their high and principal feasts, as in the feast of the Ascension of our Lord, in the day of Corpus Christi, in the day of Whitsunday, in Trinity Sunday, with other Sundays, and also in the high feast of the Assumption of our Blessed Lady, the day of All Saints, and on Good Friday, accustomably and [miserably1 2 3] holden and used in the realm of England; in which principal and festival days, for great earthly covetise, the people is [more willingly 8] vexed, and in bodily labour [foiled,4] than in other ferial days, as in [fastening5] and making their booths and stalls, bearing and carrying, lifting and placing their wares outward and homeward, as though they did nothing remember the horrible defiling of their souls in buying and selling, with many deceitful lyes, and false perjury, with drunkenness and strifes, and [so] specially withdrawing themselves and their servants from divine service: The foresaid lord the King, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons of this realm of England, being in the said Parliament, and by authority of the same Parliament, hath ordained, that ail manner of fairs and markets in the said principal feasts and Sundays, and Good-Friday, shall clearly cease from all shewing of any goods or merchandises, necessary victual only except, upon pain of forfeiture of all the goods aforesaid, so shewed, to the lord of the franchise or liberty where such goods, contrary to this ordinance, be or

shall be shewed, the four Sundays in harvest except; JRep., 13 & 14 Vict. c. 23.J

1 our

2 synfully

3 wilfully more

4 defouled

5 pycchyng

Rot.

Pari. nu. (24.)

VJ-

sitatib3 adjutoribj & succursorihj singular^, causa feriag & flc&tojf, sup eo£ suma & principalis festa, veluti in festo Ascensionis Dni, die corporis Xpi, die Pentecostes, die dnica See Trinitatis cum aliis diebj dnicis, Ac eciam in sumo festo As-sumpeois be Marie, die Oim Sco£ & in die Parasceues, consuetudin&ltf & miserrime in regno Angt tentoj & usitatog, feis & ppetratis, in quibj principalib3 festivalib3q> diebus, j> magna cupiditate Srena, pplus volun-tarie plus vexatus, & in labore corpo-rali deturpatus existit qam aliis diebj ferialib3, videlt in infigendo & fa-ciendo Bothas & Stallas, portando & vehendo levando & collocando fleimonia sua extrorsum & domorsum, quasi nichil hentes in memoria hor-ribilem inquinacoem ala£ suaj, in empcoe & vendicoe deceptivis multi-modis mendaciis & falso gjurio, cum ebrietate & contencoibj, spali? seipos, & eog §vientes, a divino §vicio subt*-hendo: pfatus dns Bex de avisamento & assensu dnog spualiu & temporally ac Coitatis regni sui Ang! in dco par-liamento existen, necnon auctoritate ejusdem parliamenti, ordinavit qd omimoda ferie & fleata, in dcis prin-cipalib3 festis, & dieb3 dnicis, ac die Parasceues, penitus cessent, ab omimoda monstracoe aliquo£ bonog vel nlcandisag, necessariis victualib3 ex-ceptis, sub pena forisfeure oim bonog pdcog sic inonstratog, dno franchesie ubi hujusmodi bona in contarium istius ordinacois sunt vel erunt monstrata, quatuor dieb3 dnicis in Autumpno exceptis. {Rep., 13 & 14 Vict. c. 23.J

AJ>. 1448-9.

27 Henby VI.

349

I

Nichilominus ex sua gra spali aucto-ritate supMca concedens potestatem illis, qui ex antiquo nullum diem ad tenend feriam vel nlcatum suu nisi solumodo sup dieb3 festivalibj pdcis bent, ad tenend ea, auctoritate & vigore antique ooncessionis sue infra tres dies g£ ante festa pdca, vel gx post, cum gclamacoe prius fca, ad simplicem vulgarem pplm, sup quern diem feria pdca tenebit*, semp Stiorand, absq* aliquo fine seu feodo ad usum dni Kegis capiend; et illi qui bent ex antiquo p spalem concessionem dies sufficientes ante 8up*dca festa, vel post, plenu nuflum dieg suojj observant, consimili supMco modo ad tenend suas ferias vel flcata, dcis dieb3 festivalib3 & dnicis, ac die Parasceues exceptis. Proviso semp qd psens Ordinacio incipiat suSe effcm ad festum Sci Micbis gx futur & non ante, & durabit usq, ad px parliaments, & sic deinde nisi in dco gximo parliamento alleged monstret1 & gbet* causa ronabilis, g qua videbit* non expediens, qd ordinacio pdca sic pdnrabit.

nevertheless, of his special grace, by authority aforesaid, [grantethl] to them power, which of old time have no day to hold their fair or market but only upon the festival days aforesaid, to hold [by the same2] authority and strength of [his8] old grant, within three days next before the said feasts, or next after (4) proclamation first made [to the simple common people, upon which day the aforesaid fair shall be holden, always to be certified,5] without any fine or fee to be taken to the King's use; and they which of old time have by special grant sufficient days before the feasts aforesaid, or after, shall in like manner as is aforesaid, hold their fairs and markets the full number of their days the said festival days and Sundays and Good-Fridays, except Provided always, that. this present ordinance shall begin to take effect at the feast of Saint Michael next coming, and not before, and shall endure until the next Parliament, and so forth, except in the said Parliament a reasonable cause be alledged, shewed, and proved, for the which it shall seem not expedient that the foresaid ordinance so shall endure.

Grantees of fairs and markets shall have their foil complement of days, excluding Sundays and the said feast days.

Commencement and continuance of this act

1 g*untyng 4 wK

5 upon which day J>at the I Rot. Parl. feir shall be hold, to Stifle > nu. vj. alwey the simple comyn I (24.) people* J

them by 3 their

350

A.D. 1472.

STATUTES OF KING EDWARD THE FOURTH.

12 EDWARD IV. A.D. 1472.*

fotcfpftmt ^tatuta aputi rantin' eUtta, amto Imo&erimo.

Here begin the Statutes made at Westminster, in the Twelfth Year.

l

Recital of the Statute 23 H. VI. ©. 7.



First, whereas by a Statute made

at Westminster in the twenty-third year of the reign of King Henry, late in deed and not of right King of England, called King Henry the Sixth (1) it was ordained, that no sheriff should occupy his office of sheriff above a year, upon pain of two hundred pounds, except certain persons in the said statute excepted; as in the same is more plainly specified; divers and many of the King's liege people have been grievously indamaged, and greatly delayed of their suits and processes every year, in the term called Michaelmas term, as for their actions, writs, and precepts to be returned within the same term, after the sixth day of the month of November, [because that2] the Kings letters patents whereby any (s) sheriff is made, do most commonly bear date the sixth day of November; and [though it so be4] that new sheriffs

1 after the conqueste

2 forasmoche as ,

3 such 4howebeitJ

1 Rot. Pari, nu. 45.

Ex Lib. Scac. Westm. XI.\

* Priflement pur ceo q p estatuit fait Cj.

a Westm en lan du reigne du Boy

Henry, jadys en fait & nient de droit

Roy Dengle? appellez le Roy Henry

le vje puis la conquest, xxiii, estoit

ordeigne q null Viscount oocupieroit

son office de Viscount oustier un an

sur peyne de CC li. except Steins

psons en mesme lestatuit exceptz, come

en ycell est pluis pley nement espedfiez;

di9sez & plusours dez liegez du Boy

ont estez grevousment endam &

g8undement delaiez de lour suites &

pcessez chune an en le f!me appellez

Michel ?me, come pur lour accons briefs

& pceptz destre retoumez deinz mesme

le ?me aps le vje jo* du mois de No-

vemfcr, pur ceo q lez Irez patentz du

Roy p lez quels ascune tiel. Viscount

est fait portent date pluis coement le

vj jour de Novembr, & coement q il

soit q novels Viscountz soient annuel-

Parliament was continued by divers prorogations and adjournments, from 6 October 12 Edw. IV. A.D. 1472. to 14 March 15 Edw. IV. A.D. 1474-5. The petitions, on which this Statute 12 Edw. IV. was framed, are entered in English on Memb. 7. of the Parliament-Roll 14 Edw. IV. nu. 45. to nu. 53.

f The French text of these statutes from hence to the end of 22 Edw. IV. was not inserted in any printed collection of the Statutes at large after Pynson's [circ. 1497], until Cay's [1758]: In that, and subsequent printed copies, the French text of all those statutes is stated to be taken from MS. Cott. Nero C. I .; but, on examination, that manuscript appears incorrect in many particulars in which it is printed, as correct, by Cay and subsequent editors. A more perfect copy is found in the Petyt Manuscript Nu. 8. in the Inner Temple library. The corrections in the notes are from both these manuscripts; and, in their default, from the old printed copies; of which the earliest by Maclinia [circ. 1482] is, in the statutes of these years, much the most accurate.

12 Edward IV.

351

ment esleux en lendemayn dez toutz almes de lez queux novelx Viscountz isaint eslieux [en lendemayn dez toutz almez de lez quelx novelx Viscountz issint eslieux1] & appointez diVsez de eux ount refusez, & diVsez de ceux nount mye ewez lour patentz ne pignez lour Dement jesquez long temps apres le fine del dit Michett ?me, pur qnoy plusours liegez & subgietz du Roy sount gaundement endam & de-laiez de lour (2) gcessez & pceptz q Drount retournablez en lez Courtz du Roi as lez jours del reto*ne deinz mesme aps le vj jour de Novembr, cestassavoir as lez jours del retoume appellez Crastino Martini, Octabis Martini, & Quindena Martini, p cause q lez veelez Viscountz nosent ne voillent pndre sur eux de retoumer ascune bfe ou pcept aps lan q son patent port date, pur paour del peyne en le av*ntdit estatuit conteignuz, a grand pde si bien a Roy de ceo q luy accresteroit p reason de lez ditz pcessez, come a son liege people p delaiez qils ount p ycell: Sy est il ordeignez p lauctorite du dit plement, q si ascune Viscount dascun Countee execute ou reto*ne ascune bf pcept ou warant, en ascuns dez Courtz du Roy, deinz le dit ?me appellez Michell Sme, aps le vj jour de Novemfcr & dev*nt ascune bf de discharge deliver a luy de sa occupation de Viscount, ne soit endamage p force da dit estatuit, ne del peyne avntdit soit charge, tout soit il q celluy ad occupie loffice de Viscount p lan, qaunt pur ascuns de lez ditz jours de retoume appellez Crastino Martini, Octabis Martini, ou Quindena Martini.



1 An erroneous repetition.

8 Suites printed copies.

be yearly chosen the morrow after the feast day of All Souls, of which new sheriffs so chosen and appointed, divers of them have refused, and divers of them have not had their patents, nor taken their oath, until long time after the end of the said Michaelmas term; by reason whereof divers of the King's liege people and subjects be greatly indamaged and delayed of their suits, processes, and precepts, which should be returnable in the King's courts at the days of return within the same term, after the sixth day of November; that is to say, at the days of return called Crastino Martini, Octabis Martini, and Quindena Martini, because that the old sheriffs durst not, nor would not take upon them to return any writ or precept after the year that his patent did bear date, for fear of the penalty contained in the aforesaid statute, to the great loss, as well to the King of that which should grow to him by reason of the said [processx] as to his liege people, by delays which they thereby sustain; it is ordained by Sheriffs,before authority of the foresaid Parliament, that if any sheriff of any county do charge, may execute or return any writ, precept, ^3^ or warrant in any of the courts of mas term, the King, within the said term called Michaelmas term, after the sixth day of November, and before any writ of discharge delivered to him of his [occupying2] of sheriffwick, he shall not be damnified by force of the said statute, nor charged of the penalty aforesaid, although that he hath occupied the office of sheriff [after any *] of the said days of return called Crastino Martini, Octabis Martini, or

Quindena Martini.


1

2 3

occupacion

by a yere, as for any



Rot. Pari, nu. 46.

352

AJ). 1477-8.

vn.

Recital of St 12 B. IV. c. 1. as to returns of writs by sheriffs going out of office;

17 EDWARD IY. A.D. 1477-8.

fttnpnmt &tatuta aptib rantin' rtuta, &mo berimo

beptfmo.

Here begin the Statutes made at Westminster, in the Seventeenth

Year.

/^hUR lord King Edward, the fourth ^ after the conquest, at his Parliament holden at Westminster, the sixteenth day of January, in the seventeenth year of his reign, to the honour of God, and for the weal of him and his realm, by the advice and assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and at the instance and request .of the commons, in the said Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same Parliament, hath made to be ordained and established divers ordinances and statutes in form following.



Item, whereas by a Statute in the last Parliament holden at Westminster, it was ordained, that the [oldx] sheriff (1 2 3 *) of eveiy county might execute and return any writ, precept, or warrant in any of the King's courts within the term called Michael term, after the vj. day of November, and before any writ of discharge to him delivered of his [occupying of sheriff,8] without hurt, loss, or penalty, by the same statute remembred, as in the same doth more

1 elder

2 theryn specified

3 occupacion of shirefwyk

}Rot. Pari, nu. 33.

Ex Lib. Scacc. Westm. XI*

OSTRE fT le Roy Edward, puis

la conquest quart, a son plement

tenuz a Westm le xvj° jour de Januar

lan de son reigne dis & septisme, al

honour de Dieu & pur la bien de lay

& de son Roialme, del advys & assent

dez fTs espuelx & temporelx, & a la

instaunce & requeste dez Coez en le

dit plement assemblez, & p auctorite

de mesme le plement, ad fait ordeigner

& establier di9sez ordeignanoez &

estatuitz en la fourme q ensuist.

* Item q come p estatuit en le dar-

reign plement tenuz a Westm estoit ordeigne q le veile Viscount, en ceo especifiez, de chune Countee puissent executer & retoumer qconq, brief pcept ou warant en ascuns dez Coortz le Roi, deinz le fme appelle Michell ?me aps le yje jour de Novemfcr & devftnt ascune bre de discharge a luy delyvers de § oocupacon de Viscount, saunz damage grief [peyne ou1] p mesme lestatuit remembr, come en

1 ou peine MS, Pet.

The petitions on which this statute was framed are entered, in English, on the Parliament Roll of this year, nu. 27. to nu. 33. — except nu. 30. which is for explanation of Stat. 3 Edw. IV. c. 5. respecting apparel, but was never printed as part of the statute of this year. — As to the text and its corrections, see the note to 12 Edw. IV. ante page £350].

17 Edward IV.

353

ycell pluis largement appiert; & pur ceo q lez parols del auctorite donez p la dit acte a le dit veiler Viscount sont trop especial x, & nient assetz geffalx pur la coie bien p mesme lact purposez & entenduz; pur ceo il est ordeigne p auctorite de cest psent plement, q chune veiler Viscount de chune Countee, remembrez en le dit darreigne acte, ait a la sisme jour de Novemhr pschein aveignir (x) en an pleyn auctorite & poiar, si bien loialment dexecu? & retoumer chune brief pcept au warant a chune de lez Courtz nre (r le Roy a luy deliv, come chune autre chose a fair & executer q al office de Viscount loialment app-teignent, as toutz temps durantz lez Imez de Seint Michell & de Seint Hil-larie, ail ne soit devant cell temps loialment descharge de sa occupacion de Visco4, saunz ascun dam forfaituf ou peyne p cause dicell en ascune maSe a susteigner, ascun [arte8] or-deignanc ou pvision p devant au con-trarie fait en ascun maner nient obstaunt.

\ MS. Pet.

3 acte J

largely appear; and because that the words of the authority given by the said act to the said [old1] sheriff, be [very2] especial, and not general enough for the common wealth, purposed and intended by the same act:

It is therefore ordained by authority Sheriff xday of this Parliament, that every [oldx] sheriff of every county, remembered execute his in the said last act, [from the sixth Mi^haei^8 day of November next to come, shall and Hilary have8] full authority and power, as well lawfully to execute and return every writ, precept, or warrant, from every of the courts of the King, delivered to him, as to do and execute every other thing which to the office of sheriff lawfully pertaineth, at all times during the terms of Saint Michael, and of Saint Hillary, unless before [the same4] time he be lawfully discharged of his occupation of [sheriff,6] without [sustaining any damage, forfeiture, or pain, in respect thereof ;6] any act, ordinance, or provision before made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

1 elder 8 to [too] "

8 have from the yjth day of Novembr next to come from yere to yere I

4 that 5 shirefwyk

6 any hurte forfeiture or peyne by cause therof in any wyse to be susteined;

Rot. Pearl, nu. 33.

1

I

Z

STATUTES OF KING HENRY THE SEVENTH.

3 HENRY VII. A.D. 1487.

Ex Lib. Scacc. Westm. XI.

The Second© Parliament, holden the thirde yere of Kyng Henry the

yijthe,

THE Kynge our sovereyne lord Henry by the grace of God Kynge of Englonde and of Fraunce and Lord of Irlonde the vij, at his Parliament© holden at Westminster the ix. day of Novembr in the thirde yere of his noble reigne; to the worship of God and Holy Chirche and for the comen wele of this his reame, by thadvys and assente of the lordes spiritneQ and temporell and the comens in the said© Parliament© assembled, and by auctorite of the same Parliament©, hath ordeyned and established certeyn statutes and ordenaunces in maner and fourme as hereafter ensueth.

Ex Rot Pari. 3 Hen. VII.

An Acts agaynst Murderers.

(*) THE Kyng remembryng hou murders and sleyng of his subjettf

1 Item, Lib. Scacc.

Ex MS. Petyt*

Incotlunt Statuta apud Westm edita anno regni Regis Henrici Septimi post Conqm Angt tercio.

(*) OSTRE Seignior ie Roy Henry p j,fj la grace de Dieu Roy Dengliter & de Fraunce & fr Dirland le septisme, a son pliament tenuz a Westm lemovesme jour de Novembre lan de son noble reigne tierce, al Ihonour de Dieu & de Seint Esglice & pur la coen bien de cest son Realme, del advise & assent de lez Seigniorz espuels & temporels & lez coens en le dit pliament assembles & p auctote de m le pliament, ad or-deigne & establie certeinz statuitzfc orden^ncez en maner & forme icy aps ensuantz.

Itm nre dit i* le Roy remembrant >j-coment murdrez & tuerie de cei

1 A blank for the letter N. — Nostre MS. Halt.

The statutes of JtheJ first year, and of the third year, of this King's reign, have hitherto, as far as has been discovered, been printed in English, in all collections of the Statutes at large: The French text now printed, of the statutes of jthe third yearj, is taken from the Petyt Manuscript No. 8. in the Inner Temple library, compared with and corrected, by the various readings in the notes, from the Hatton Manuscript 10. [Cate/. MS. Angl. 4135.] in the Bodleian library.

In Lib. Scacc. IVestm. XI. and many other Manuscripts, the statutes of these years are entered in English, agreeing with the old printed English copies, and in

form with the French text as now printed,.................. The English text, of all

the Acts contained in the statute, is printed fin the Statutes of the Realm} hum the inrollment on the Roll of Parliament of this year: Such variations as occur in Lib. Scacc. wherewith the old printed copies in general agree, are inserted in the notes.........

{ The beginning, printed here, of the statutes of this year forms no part of chapter I. according to the numbering of the English text in the Statutes of the Realm, and appears therefore not to be included in the repeal of that chapter by the Statute Law Revision Act, 1863.J f In all printed editions this forms part of chapter 1. In Lib. Scacc. it is numbered ij. and intituled * Ayenst Coronors.'

A.D. 1487.

3 Henry VII.

355

subgettf (1) en cast ire, dount lez occasions sont dieses, nn q gentes es villes lou tiels murdrez aviendront eschier & estre faitez ne voillent my attachier le murderour, lou la ley de cest fre est q si ascun hoe soit tuez en le jour & le felon ne soit my pris, la ville ou la mort ou murder est fait 8ra ajScie; Et si ascun home soit naufire en pel del mort, la ptie q ensy naufra §roit arrestuz & mise en suertie tanq> pfit conusaunce soit ewe quelq, il issint naufrez viveroit ou moreroit, Et [la2] Corono1, sur la vieu del corps mort enquerreroit de luy ou ceux q ou quex ad ou ount fait ou faitz la mort ou murdur, de lour abbetto*z & con-sento'z, & q furent psentz q*unt la mort ou murdre foist fait ou ppetrez, quelq, q home ou feme, & lez nouns de ceux q furent psentez & issint trove de enroller & certifier; quell ley p negligence est disusee & pent graunde audadte est donez as tuours & murderours; Et oustre ceo il e use q dedeinz lan & jour aps ascun mort ou murdre ewe & fait, le felonie ne Sroit pas defminez al suist le Roy, pur salver la suite la ptie, en quell la ptie est sovent foitz tepiz & auxi agreez, & p fyne del an tout est oubliee quell est un auter occasion de murdre; Et auxi celuy q voiet suer ascun appell coviet suer en ppre psone, quel suite est long & costeouz q il face la ptie appellant lassez a prsuer: Pur reformation de lez pmissez, Nre dit So^aign ir le Roy del assent dez frz espuels & temporels & lez c5ens en le dit pliament assemblez & p auctorite dicell, voiet q chun Coroner exScise & face son office accordant a la ley come

est av»nt reherce:..............Et si

ascun psone so1* tue ou mrdrez en le

1 An omission in both MSS.

le JfS» Hatt.

dailly encreace in this land, the occasions whereof ben div's, oon that men in townes where suche murders happ to fall and been doon, will not attach the murderer, where the lawe of the land ys that yf eny man be slayne in the day and the felon not taken, the townshipp wher the deth or murder is done shalbe aflced; and yf eny man be wounded in pill of deth the ptie that so woundeth shuld be arrested and put in suertie, till pfyte knowlech be had whether he so hurt shuld live or die; and the crowner upon the viewe of the body dede shuld inquire of hym or theym that had don that deth or murder, of their abbetors and concenters, and whoo were psent when the deth or murdre was doon, whedir man or woman, and the namez of them that were psent and soo found© to enroll© and Stifle; which lawe by negligence ys disused, and therby grete boldnes ys goven to Bleers and murdrers; and p9 this it ys used that within the yere and day after eny deth or murdre had and doon the [felonl] shuld not be de&nyned at the Kyngf sute, for savyng of the ptie sute, wherin the ptie is oftymes slow© and also aggreed with, and by thend of the yere all ys forgoten, which ys another occasion of murder; and also he that will sue eny appell must sue in ppre psone, which sute ys long and costlowe that yt makyth the ptie appellant wery to sue: For reformacon of the pmysses, the Kyng oure so9eygn lorde by thassent of the lord? spuell and tempall and the oomens in [this psent8] pliament assemblid and by auctorite of the same, will, that e9y crowner excise and doo his office accordyng to the lawe as ys afore

rehersed:.................... And yf

eny psone be slayne or murdred

1 feloan 1

the saide / ^eaee>

z 2

why murders be committed.

Coroners shall exercise their office according to law.

Townships

356

3 Henry VII.

A.D. 1487.

shall be amerced for the escape of murderers by day;

coroners shall enquire thereof; and justices of the peace of escapes.

Certifying of such inquisitions.

Coroner's fee, on view of the body.

Penalty on coroner for neglect;

justices of the peace shall certify recognizances to the sessions.

in the day, and the murderer escape untaken, that the township where the seid dede ys so don be aflced for the seid escape; and that the crowner have auctorite to enquire theroff upon the vewe of the body dede; and also justices of the peas have power to enquire of suche es-chapis and that to Stifle afore the Kyng in his benche; and that after the felonye founde, the crowners deli9 their inquisitions afore the justices of the next gaole deliver, in the shire where the inquisicon ys taken, the same justicez to gcede ayenst such murderers yf they be in the gaole, and els the same justices to put the seid inquisicons afore the Kyng in his bench. And for asmoch as crowners had not nor ought any thyng to have by the lawe, for their office doyng, which offcymes have been the occasions that crowners have been remysse in doyng their office, [be yt1] ordyned that a crowner have for his fee upon e9y inquisicon taken upon the vewe of the body slayne xiij a iiij d. of the goodes and catalles of hym that ys sleer and murderer, yf he have eny goodes, and yf he have no goodez, than the crowner to have for his seid fee, off such aficiaments as shall fortune eny townshipp to be aflced for eschape of such murderer as ys afore seid; and yf eny crowner be remysse and make not his inquisicons upon the vewe of the body dede, and Stifiet not accordyng as ys afore ordeyned, that the crowner for e9y defawte for-fette to the Kyng C s. And also [be yt1] ordyned by the same auctorite, that e9y justice of peas within this realme that shall take eny reconi-saunce for the kepying of peas, that the same justices do 8tifie send or bryng the* same reconisaunce at the next sessions of peace where he ys or hath been justice, that the partie boo

jour, & le murderour eschape nient prise, q le ville lou le dit fait eat issint fait soit anlciez pur le dit eschape; Et q le dit Coroner aiet auctote denquerrer ent sur le vieu de corps mort; Et auxi Justicez de peas aient poiar denquerrer de tiels eschapee & lez Stifier devant le Roy en son Bank; Et q aps la felonie trove lez Coroners deli9ent lour inquisicSns, dev^t lez Justicez de la pechyn gaole deliver en le Countie lou lenquisicon est p*se, mz lez Justicez de gceder encontre tiels murderours silz soient en le gaole, Et autri mz lez Justices de metter lez ditez Inquisicons devant le Roy en son Bank. Et pur ceo q Coroners ne neussent ne dusent ascun chose avoir p la ley p* lour office affaire, quel sovent foitz ad este loccasion q Corono^z ount este remise en faisant lour office, il est ordeigne q le Coroner aiet pp son fee sur chun enquisicon prise sur la vieu del corps tue xiij s. iiij d. dez fenz & chateux de luy q est tuour & murderour, sil y ad ascunz fcnz, & sil nad nulls biens lore le Coroner a9a pur son dit fee de tiels aflciamentz quells aviendront ascun ville destre afflcie p* eschape dautiell murderour come est av*ndit; Et si ascun Coroner soit remise & ne face my cez Inquisicons sur le vieu del corps mort, & ceo ne Stifle accordant come av*nt est ordeigne, q lore lez CoroQs forferount pur cfcun deffiaut au Roi C s. Et auxi est ordeigne p m laucto*, q chun Justice de peas deinz cest realme, q pndera ascun reconisance pur confvation de peas, face Stifier [amender x] ou amesner m la reconi-sance a lez pschyn Cessions du peas, lou il est ou ad este Justice du peas,

1 it is Lid. Scacc.

1 omitted MS. Hatt.

AJX 1487.

3 Henry YIL

357

q la ptie lie poet estre appelle; Et si la ptie face defaute m le deffaute illonqs destre recordez, & m le recognisance ovesq, la record de m la defaute soit mise & Stifle en la Chauncellarie ou dev»nt le Roy en son banke, ou en leschequer du Roy.

bounde may be called j and yf the partie make defaute the same defaute than ther to be recorded, and the same reconysaunce withe the reoorde of the defaute be sent and Stifled into the ChaunSye, or afore the Kyng in his bench or into the Kyngis Eschequer.

An Act that Justice of Peace may Itt

take Bayle. RltJilrl.

Ilm come en [la1] pliament, nad-

gairs tenuz a Westm lan pimer de

Richard nadgars en feet & nient du

droit Roy Dengli?e le iij00, il estoiet

ordeigne & enacte enter au?z di9sez

actez, q chun Justice de peas en chun

Countie Cite ou Ville arroit auctorite

& polar, p sa ou lour discretion, de

lesser pisoners & psones arrestez pur

legier suspection de felonie en baile ou

mainpise; p colour de quell, a^s diVsez

psones tiels quels ne furent main-

pnablez estoient sovent foitz lessez en

bailie & mainpise p [Justice2] du

pees, encontre la due forme du ley,

p quel plusourf felons & mrdrorz

eschape fierent au gaunde displeasure

le Roy & anusaunce de son poeple:

Si nre dit So9aigne f* le Roy ceo

considerant, de ladvise assent &

auctorite suisdcez ad ordeigne &

establie & enacte, q lez Justic de peas en chun Countie Cite ou Ville, ou deux de ceux au meyns dont un soit del quo|, aient anctou St poiar de lesser ascunz tiels pisoners ou psonez mainpnablez p la ley, quex sont empisonez deinz lour se9alx Countiez Citee ou Ville, a bailie ou main-p*se a lour pschyn gRals Cessions ou all

'Luc

(*) WHERE in the Parliament late holden at Westm the first yere of Rychard, late in dede and not in ryght Kyng of Englond the third, yt was ordyned and enacted among other dy9s actes that e9y justice of the peas, in e9y shire cite or towne, shuld have auctorite and power by his or their discrecion to lett prisoners and psones arrested for light suspeccon of felony in baill or maynprice; by colour wherof afterwarde, dy9se psones such as wer not maynprnable ware oftymes leten to bailie and maynprise by justicez of the peas, ayenst the due forme of the lawe, wherby many murdrers and felons eschaped to the greate displeasure of the Kyng and anoys*-unce of his lege people: Wherfor the Kyng our so9eyn lorde consideryng yt, by thadvice and assent of his lordes spuall and tempall and the comens in this psent Pleament assemblid and by auctorite of the same [ordyneth establisseth and enacteth2] that the justices of the peas in e9y shire cite and towne, or too of them at the lest wherof on to be of the quo j, have auctorite and power to lete eny such prisoners or psones maynp'nable by the lawe, that been imprisoned within their se9all counties cite or towne, to bailie or maynprise, unto ther next gefiall sessions or unto the

*. 24. Recital of St

i r. in. c. s.

respecting bailing of offenders.

Two justices of the peace may bail prisoners bailable, and shall certify the same to the next session*, or gaol-deb very.

1 Item,

1 hath ordeyned established and enacted



Lib. Scacc.

360

A.D. 1488-9.

4 HENRY VII. A.D. 1488-9*

YY Rot Part nu. 49.

The utility of actions popular;

Ex Lib. Scacc. Westm. XI.

$nc(ptunt J&tatuta apuh TOrttm' rtnta arato quarto

Hotriri Septum.

rpO the worship of God and of all Holy Chirche, and for the comen wele and profit of this reame of Englonde; our soverreyn lord Henry, by the grace of God Kyng of Englonde and of Fraunce and Lord of Irlonde the vij0 after the conqueste, at his Parliament holden at Westmynster the xiij day of January© in the fourthe yere of his reigne, by thadvys and assent of the lordys spirituell and temporel and the comens in the saide Parliament assembled, and by auctorite of the same, hath doon to be made ordeyned and etablished diverse statutes and ordenaunces in fourme that foloweth:

Ex Rot Pari. 4 Hen. VII.


An Acte agaynst collusions and fayned accons.

To the Kyng oure so9eign lord,

Prayens the comens in this psent Parliament assembled; that where accions populers in di9s cases have ben ordeigned by many gode actis and statutes afore this tyme made, for the reformacion of extorcions maynte-naunces oppressions injuries exaccons and wronges used and comitted within

Ex Lib. Scacc. Westm. XI.

Accions populers.

Item, that where accions populers xxj. in dyverse causes have ben ordeyned by many good actes and statutes afor this tyme made, for the reformacion of extorsions maintenaunce oppressions injuries exaccions and wronges used and cdmytted wythin this reame,

# The Parliament which began on 13th January 4 Hen. YTL A.D. 1488-9, was on the 23rd of February following prorogued to 14th October 5 Hen. VII. A.D. 148 9; in which session were passed the acts numbered chap. I. to VH. of the statute. On the said 14th October the Parliament met and sate until 14th December following, and was then prorogued to 25th January ensuing, 5 Hen. VH. A.D. 1489-90; in which session were passed the two acts numbered chap. VIH, IX. of the statute. And on the said 25th January the Parliament met and sate until 27th February then following, 5 Hen. VH. A.D. 1489-90, and was then dissolved; in which session were passed the acts numbered chap. X. to XXIV. of the statute: The whole of the statute is always cited as of 4 Hen. VII.

This statute has always been printed in English; and entries, agreeing with the printed copies, are found in Lib. Scacc. and many other MSS. particularly in the Hatton MS. 10. in the Bodleian library, in which the statutes of the first and third years of this King's reign are entered in French: See the note to the Statute {3} Hen. VII. ante pa. {354.} The Petyt MS. referred to in that note ends with the statute of the third year. This fourth year affords the latest instance of the Statute Boll being made up in the ancient form. The several acts on which the statute was framed are printed {in the Statutes of the Realm}, from the inrollment thereof on the Parliament Roll of this year, in conformity with the plan adopted in the statutes of the first and third years of this reign.

A.D. 1488-9.

*4 Henry VII.

361

whiche actions ben verry penall to alle mysdoers and offenders in suche actions condempned, and moche profitable aswell to the Kyng as to every of his subgettes that theym wyll sue and mayntene, yf the same actions so sued and comenced myght be truly pursued wythout covyn or collusion; but now is boo comenly used wythin this reame that if ony suche offender, offendyng in causes where of the sayd actions lie, than then the sayd mysdoers or offenders, in eschewyng to lese the said penaltees, wyll cause an action populer to be cdmenced ayenst theym by covyn of the pleintif upon that case wherin they have soo offended; or elles yf ony suche action populer be comenced ayenst ony suche offender by goode feyth, than the same offender wyll delay the said action, other by noon apparance or by traverse, and hangyng the same action the same offender wyll cause like action populer to be brought ayenst hym by covyn, for the same cause and offence that the first action was sued, and than by covyn of the pleintif in that second action he will be condempned, other by confession feyned triel or relese whiche con-dempnacion or relese, so had by collusion and covyn pleted by the said offender, shall barre the pleyntif in the action sued in good feyth; and by thise subtile meanes of collusion and covyn the said good actes and statutes full seldom ben executed ayenst suche offenders, whiche causeth theym to be bolder to offende the Kynge, aswell in brekyng of the said statutes lawes and peas, as in robbyng murdryng exactions takyng quarelles mayntenyng and the Kyngis pour subgettes by extortion and many other unlawful! meanes opprossyng: Therfore the Kyng our sayd sovereyne lord in refourmyng of the premysse* bi thadvyce and assent of the fordy*

this your realme, whiche actions be verry penall to all mysdoers and offendours in suche actions condempned, and muche gfitable aswell to your Highnes as to e9yche of your subgiettis that theym woll sue and maynteyn, if the same actions so sued and comenced myght be truly pursued without co-vyne or collusion; but nowe it is so collusions com only used within this your realme that if eny suche offendour, offending in cases where any of the seid actions lye, than the seid mysdoers or offendours, in eschewing to lese the same penalties, woll cause an action populer to be comencid ayenst theym by covyne of the pleyntif upon that case wheryn they have so offendid; or ellis if eny suche action populer be cdmenced ayenst any suche seid offendour by gode feith, then the same offendour woll delaye the seid action, either by nown apperaunce or by travers, and hanging the same action the same offendour woll cause like action populer to be brought ayenst him by covyne, for the same cause and offence that the first action was sued, and than by covyn of the pleintif in that seconde action he woll be condempned, either by confession feyned tryell or relesse, whiche condempnacion or relesse, so had by collusion and covyne pleded by the seid offendour, shall barre the pleyntif in the action sued with gode feith; and so by these subtile meanes of collation and covyne the seid gode actis and statutes full seldom be executed ayenst suche offendours, which causeth theym to be the bolder to offend your Oce, aswell in brekiDg of your seid statutes lawes and pease, as in robbing murdering exactions taking quarelles mayntenyng and your po9 subgiettis by extortion and many other unlaufull meanes oppressing:

Tberfor pleaaith it your Highnes in refourmyng of the pmisses by thadvyse and assent of the lordis spuall and

.4 Henby VIL

A.D. 1488-9.

to plea in bar of judgement recovered, or former bar, in actions popular, the plaintiff may reply covin;

if the covin be found, the plaintiff shall have judgement;

defendant shall be imprisoned two years.

temporall in this your psent Parliament assembled and by thauctorite of the same, to ordeyn establish and enacte, that if eny psone or psones heraftir sue with gode feith eny accion populer, and the defendaunt or defen-dauntes in the same accion plede eny man) of reco9e of accion popular in barre of the seid accion, or ellis that the same defendaunt or defendauntes plede that he or they before that tyme barred eny suche pleyntif or pleyntifs in eny suche accion populer, that than the pleyntif or pleyntifs, in the accion taken with gode feith, may averre that the seid reco9e in the seid accion populer was had by covyne, or ellis to averre that the seid pleyntif or pleyntifs was or were barred in the seid accion populer by covyne; that than if affcirward the seid collusion or covyne so averred be laufully founden, the pleyntif or pleyntifs, in that accion sued with gode feith, shall have recode according to the nature of the accion, and execucion upon the same, in like wise and effects as though no such accion afore had ben had: And o9 that be it enacted and ordeyned by thauctorite aforseid, that in e9y suche accion populer wheryn the defendaunt or defendauntes shalbe laufully con-dempned or atteynted of covyne or collusion as is aforseid, that e9ych of the same defendauntes have impri-sonement of two yere, by pcesse of capias and utlagary to be sued within the yere afbir such juggement had, or at any tyme aftir, till the seid defendaunte or defendauntes be had and imprisoned as is aforseid, and that aswell at the Kyngis sute as of e9y othre that woll sue in that behalf; and that no relesse of eny coen psone [

spirituell and temporell and at the requeste of the said comens in this saide presente Parliament assembled and by auctorite of the same, hath ordeyned st&blished and enacted, that if ony persone or persones hereafter sue wyth good feyth ony accion populer, and the defendaunt or defen-dauntes in the same accion plede ony maner of recovere of accion populer in barre of the said accion, or elles that the same defendant or defendauntes plede that he or they before that tyme barred ony suche pleintif or pleyntyfes in ony suche aodon populer, that thenne the playntyfor pleyntifs, in ony suche accion taken wyth good feyth, may abarre that the said recovere in the said accion populer was had by covyn, or elks to abarre that the said pleyntif or playn-tifs was or were barred in the said accion populer by covyn; that than (1) afiterwarde the saide collusion or covyn soo abarred be lawfully founden, the pleyntif or pleyntifes, in that accion sued wyth good feyth, shall have recovere aocordyng to the nature of the accion, and execucion upon the same, in lyke wyse and effecte as though noo suche afore had be had: And over that it is enacted and ordeyned by thauctorite aforsaid, that in every suche accion populer wherin the defendaunt or defendauntes shall be lawfully condempned or atteyned of covyn or collusion as is afore saide, that every of the same defendauntes have emprisonement of ij yere, by processe of capias and utlag&r to be sued wythin the yere after suche jugement had, or at ony tyme after, tyll the said defendaunt or defbndaunts be had and emprisoned as is aforesayd, and that aswell at the Kyngis sute as of every other that will sue in that behalfe; and that noo release of ony

1 if Rot. Parl.

4 Henry VII.

363

comen persona here after to be made to ony suche partie, wheder before or after ony accion populer or enditment of the same had or comenced or made hangyng the same accion, be in ony wyse available or effectual to let or to surcease the said accion enditement processe or execudon. Provided alway that noo playntif or playntyfes be in ony wyse receyved to abarre ony covyn in ony accion populer, where the poynt of the same accion or elles that covyn or collusion have ben ones tried, or lawfully founde wyth the pleyntif or pleyntifs or ayenst theim by tryall of xij men and not otherwyse.

heraftir to be made to eny Buche ptie, No release of a where before or aftir eny accion populer or enditement of the same any action had or comencid or made hanging the Sdictoent of same accion, be in eny wise available ^8&me' or effectuell to lette or to surceace the seid accion enditement gcesse or execution. Provided alway that no No covin pleyntif or pleintyfe be not in eny wise receyved to averre eny covyne merits, in eny accion populer, where the poynte of the same acdon or ellis that covyne or collusion have be ones tried, and laufully founde with the pleyntif or pleyntife or ayenst theym, by tryall of xij men and not othirwise.

tin* oftfjtpcriotf of making up Wf)t statute StoUU

11 HENRY VII. A.D. 1495.

GFjr Rotnlo $arltamentt tie atrno regnt $mtfa

eptimt, unfcmmo.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, BEGUN TO BE HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON WEDNESDAY THE FOURTEENTH DAY OF OCTOBER,

In the ELEVENTH Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VII.

CHAPTER L

An Acte that noe pson going w*1 the Kinge to the Warres shalbe attaynt

of treason.

fTTHE King oure so9eign [lord calling to his remembraunce the duetie of alliegeaimce of his subgettis of this his realme, and that they by reason of the same are bounden to 8ve ther prince and so9eign lord for the tyme beyng in his werres for the defence of hym and the lande ageynst e9y rebellion power and myght reared ayenst hym, and with hym to entre and abide in svyce in batell if the case so requyre; and that for the same 8vice what fortune e9 fall by chaunce in the same bataile ayenst the mynde and weell of the prince, as in this lande somtyme passed hath been seen, that it is not reson-able but ayenst all lawes reason and gode conscience that the seid subgettis going with their so9eign lord in werres attending upon hym in his psone or

364

11 Henby VIL c. 1,12.

A.D. 1495.

being in other places by his comaun dement within this land or without, any thing shuld loose or forfeite for doyng their true dutie and service of alliegeaunce: It be therfor ordeyned enacted and establisshed by the Kyng oure so9eign lorde by advise and assent of the lordes spuall and tempall and comens in this psent Parliament assembled and by auctorite of the same, that Persons serving from hensfourth no mafl of psone ne psones whatsoe9 he or they be, that the being, a^end upon the King and so9eign lord of this lande for the tyme being in in war, shall his psone and do him true and feithfull 8vice of alliegeaunce in the same, or in other places by his comaundement, in his werres within this lande or wV)ut, that for the same dede and true [§vice*] of alliegeaunce he or they be in no wise convycte or atteynt of high treason ne of other offences for that cause by Acte of Parliament or otherwise by any pcesse of lawe, wherby he or any of theym shall [mowe ] forfeit life landes tenementes rentis possessions hereditamentis godes catelles or eny other thingis, but to be for that dede and service utterly discharged of any vexacion trouble or losse; and if any Acte or Actis or other pcesse of the lawe hereafter therupon for the same happen to be made contftry to this ordynaunce, that then that Acte or Actes or other pcesses of the lawe whatsoe9 they shall be, stande and be utterly voide.

, n. Provided alwey that no psone ne psones shall take any benefits or

vl8°' avauntage by this Acte which shall hereafter declyne from his or their seid alliegeaunce.

CHAPTER XII.

Writs may be sued by poor persons without any payment;

An Acte to admytt such psons as are poore to sue in form& paupis.

T)RAYEN the comons in this psent Parliament assembled that where the ^ King oure so^eign lord of his most gracious disposition willeth and entendith indiffrent justice to be had and mynystred according to his comen lawes to all his true subgettis aswell to poQ as riche, which poQ subgettis be not of abilite ne pouer to sue according to the laues of this lond for the redresse of injuries and wronges to theym dailly doon, aswell conSnyng their psones their enheritaunce as other causes, for remedy wherof in the behalf of the poQ psones of this lond not able to sue for their remedy after the course of the comen lawe; be it ordeyned and enacted by youre Highnes and by the lordes spuall and tempall and the comens in this psent Parliament assembled and by auctorite of the same, that e9y poQ psone or psones which have & herafter shall have cause of action or actions ayenst any psone or psones within the realme shall have, by the discretion of the chaunceller of this realme, for the tyme being writte or writtes original! and writtes of sub pena according to the nature of their causes, therfor nothing paieng to youre Highnes for the seales of the same, nor to any psone for the making of the same writte & writtes to be hereafter sued. And that the seid chaunceller for the same tyme being shall assigne suche of the clerkis whiche shall doo and use the making and writing of the same writtes to write the same redy to be sealed, and also lerned councell and attomeyes for the same, without any

A.D. 1495.

11 Henry VII. c. 12.

365

rewards taking therfor: And after the seid writte or writtes be retomed, if and counsel

it be afore the King in his benche, the justices ther shall assigne to the same

po3 psone or psones councell lemed by their discrecions which shall geve their them.

councelles nothing taking for the same, and in like wise the same justices

shall appoynte attorney and attomeies for the same poQ psone and psones and

all other officers requisite and necessarie to be had<je for the spede of the seid

sutes to be hadde and made which shall doo their duties without any rewardes

for their councelles helpe and besynes in the same; and the same lawe and

ordre shalbe observed and kepte of all suche suytes to be made afore the Kingis

justices of his Comen Place and barons of his Eschequer and all other justices

in courtes of recorde where any suche suetis shall be.

19 HENRY VII. A.D. 1503-4.

Rotulo IJarltamnttt he airno regnt Htttria Septum, hertmo none.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, BEGUN TO BE HOLDEN at Westminster, on Thursday the Twenty-fifth Day of January, in the NINETEENTH Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VII.

CHAPTER VII.

I> privatis & illicitis statutis non faciend.

T>RAYEN the comens in this psent Plement assembled, that wher in a Recital of stat.

Plement holden at Westm the xv. yere of the reigne of the blessed King Herry the vjth, for that, that maister wardens & people of guyldes fra?nytees, unlawful and other companyes corporate dwellyng in di9s pties of the realme, often tymes by colour of rule & gou9naunce to them graunted and confermed by tions; chartours & letters patent? of divers King?, made amonge them selfe meny unlawefull & unresonable ordinaunces aswell in pricis of weyres as other thing? for ther owne singler gfite & to the comen hurte & damage of the people; it was enacted that ther shulde fromethensforth no such maister wardens nor companyes make nor use none ordinances in disheritaunce or diminucon of the progatyffe of the King nor of other, nor ayenst the comen pfite of the people, nor none other ordinaunce of charge make & use, but yf it wer fyrst discussed & approved be good & resonable advyse by the justices of the peace or the cheffe go9nours of cities, & before theym entered of recorde, & that uppon payne to lose & forfett the force & the effecte of all the articles in ther seid letters patent? & chartours conteyned conSnyng the same, and o9 that to lose & paye x li. to the King for e9y ordinaunce that eny of them made or use to the contPrie, & this ordinaunce to endure at the King? pleasour; as in the same Acte yt appereth; whiche Acte is now expired expired;

& syth the expiryng of the same, di9s & meny ordinaunces have ben made be meny & divers private bodys corporate w^dn cities townes & boroughes cont*rie to the King? progatyfe his lawes & of the comon weyll of his subgiect?: Be it therfor ordeyned establisshed & enacted by the Kyng our eorpontions

366

19 Henry VII. c. 7, 20.

A.D. 1503-4.

shall not make or enforce any ordinances, without the approbation of the chancellor, &c.

IL

No order by corporations to restrain suits in the King's courts.

HI. Commencement of Act.

Recital of Statute 3 Hen. VII. c. 11. giving costs on writs of error$

recited Act not yet enforced;

the said Act confirmed, and shall be put in execution*

so9aigne lorde by the advice of the lord? spuell & temporell & of the comens in this psent Pliament assembled & by auctoritie of the same, that no maisters wardens & felishippes of craftes or mysters, nor eny of them, nor eny rulers of guyldes or £ra?nities, take uppon them to make eny acfces or ordinaunces, ne to execute eny actes or ordinaunces be them here afore made, in disheritaunce or diminucon of the progatyffe of the King, nor of other, nor ageynste the comen pfite of the people, but yf the same actes or ordinaunces be examyned & approved by the chaunceller tresorer of Englonde & cheffe justices of ether benche, or thre of them; or before bothe the justices of assises in ther cyrcuyte or ggresse in that shyre wher suche actes or ordinaunces be made, uppon the peyne of forfeytoure of xl li. for e9y tyme that they doo the contone.

And o9 that it is enacted that none of the same bodies corporate take uppon theym to make eny actes or ordinaunces to restreyne eny psone or psones to sue to the Kyngf Highnesse or to eny of his courtes, for due remedie to be hade in ther causes, ne putte ne execute eny penaltie or punishment uppon eny of them for eny suche sute to be made, uppon peyn of forfeyture of xl li. for e9y tyme that they doo the contone.

And this Acte to begynne & take effecte at the fest of Penthecost next comyng & fromethensforthe.

CHAPTER XX.

D bfib3 Erroj repremend.

T)RAYEN the comens in this psent Plement assembled, that wher at a Plement holden at Westm in the therde yere of the reigne of oure so9aign lorde the King that now ys, by the advyce of the lordes spuall and temporell & of the comens in the same Plement assembled and by the auctoritie of the same it was ordined & establisshed, among other thingf, that yf eny defendaunte or tennt defendauntes or tenant£, or eny other that shalbe boxmde by eny jugement, sue afore execucion hadde, eny writte of error to re9se eny suche jugement in delayng of execucion of the gtie, that then yf the same jugement be affermed goode in the seid writte of erro7 & nott erroneus, or that the seid writte of error be disoontynued in the defaute of the ptie, or that psone or psones that sueth the writte or writtes of error be nonsued in the same, that then the seid psone or psones ageynst whom the seid writte of error is so sued shall recov1 his costf & damages, for his delay & wrongfull vexacon in the same, by discrecion of the justice afore whome the seid writte of erro7 is sued; whiche Acte & ordinaunces, hath nott ben as yett duely putt in execucon, by reason wherof aswell playntifes as demandauntf in di?s accions by them sued, syn the makyng of the seid estatute, have ben often tymes delayed of ther execucion to ther great & inportnable hurte losse & charge: Wherfore the King our sou9aigne lorde by thadvice of the lordes spuell & temporell & the comens in this psent Plement assembled & by auctoritie of the same, ordeyneth establissheth & enacteth, that the seid Acte made the thirde yere of his reigne conSnyng the pmisses be good & effectuaU, and that fromehensforthe hit be duely putt in execucion.

( 367 )

STATUTES OE KING HENRI THE EIGHTH.

1 HENRY vm. A.D. 1609-10.

<£jr ftotttto ^arltammtt Ue anno rtfliu RfjpelItnriri

$rtabt, prirno.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT BEGUN TO BE HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, on Monday the twenty-first day of January,

In the FIRST Year of the Reign of K. HENRY VIII.

CHAPTER VIL

An Acte concerning Coroners.

TXTHER AS by a Statute made at Weetm the thyrde yere of Kyng Henry " " the vij^ yt was enacted that a coroner shall have for his fee uppon e9y inquisicon taken uppon the vewe of the body slaine and murdred xiij s. iiii d. of the goodes and catelles of hym that ys the sleyr or murderer; wher by the coen lawe a coroner hadde nott nor ought nott to have eny thyng for ther office doyng as by the same ©statute more playnly dothe appere; syn whiche statute so made the coroners have used that yf eny psone hathe happened to be slayne by myssaventre and not by no mannys hande, that they will not enquere uppon the vewe of the body so by myssaventer slayne excepte they have for their labour xiij s. iiij d. which is cont*rye to the coen lawe, and also to the statute afore reherced; wherby greate inconvenience dothe dayly growe to the Kingf sugiectf for asmuch as often tymes the psone that ys so by myssaventer sleyne lyeth longe above the grounde unburyed to the great noyaunce of the Kyngf leage people; wherfore the Kyng our so9aign lorde by thassentez of his lordes spuall and temporal! and the comens in this psent Pliament assembled & by auctoritie of the. same, ordeigneth that uppon a request made to a coroner to come and enquere uppon the vewe of eny psone slayne drowned or otherwyse deade by myssaventure, the seid coroner diligently do his office uppon the vewe of the body of e9y such© psone orpsones, wythoute eny thing takyng [thertofore1] uppon payne to e$y coroner that wyll not endever hym selfe to doo his office as afore is seid, or that he takethe eny thyng for doyng of his office uppone e9y psone dede by myssaventre for e9y tyme, xl s. And that the [justice *] of assises justices of peace wythin the countie where eny suche definite of ( 8 ) coroners be, have auctoritie and power to enquere thereof and debnyn the same aswell by examinacon as by psentement.

Statute 8E vn.

chap. 1. recited.

No coroner shall take a fee upon the vievr of a person slain by misadventure.

Justices, &c. shall determine defaults.

' therefore O.

justices printed copies.

9 the 0.

368

1 Henky VIII. a 8.

A.D. 1509-10.

CHAPTER VIII.

Escheators shall return inquisitions into the Kings courts on oaths of juries, on penalty of 1001.

Qualification of escheators.

Persons not so qualified may refhse to act.

Escheators shall sit in open places to hear evidence; on penalty of 401.

Qualification of jurors on inquests before escheators.

Counterparts of offices found by the juries.

An Acte agaynst Escheators and Comyssioners for makinge false retomes of

Officf & Comyssions.

TT^OR ASMUCHE as diverse of the Kyngf sugiectes lately have ben sore hurt© troubled and some disherited by escheatours and edmyssyoners causyng untrue offices to be founden, and sometyme retomyng into the courtes of [recordes *] offices and inquisitions that warre never founde, and sometyme changyng the mater of the offices that were truely founden to the greate hurte troble and disheryson of the Kynges true sugiectes, that lyke before tyme have nott ben sean in this realme; wherfore be it ordyned establisshed and enacted in this psent Pliamente and by the auctoritie of the same, that yf eny eschetour or comyssyoner hereafter retoume or put into eny of the Kyngf courtes eny inquisicons or offices con8nyng londes tenementes or other hereditament^ not founden nor psented by the othes of xij men & indented & by them sealed, that then the same exchetour or edmissioner forfett for e9y suche office or inquisicon so retomed and put ito eny of the seid courtes an hundred poundes to the ptie or pties greved by eny suche inquisiffin or office; and that fromehensforthe that [no *] eschetour ne no man sytt by vertue of eny edmission to enquere of londes tentf or other hereditamentf, except© he or other to his use have landes tentf or hereditamentf of theyerely value of xl markes above all charges and repryces uppon payne of xxti IL And that it shalbe laufull for all psones that be nott sufficient of freeholds in possession or use, at the tyme of eny suche comission to them delyverd, to refuse to sytt and enquere by vertue of the same comyssyon; and that they uppon geesse made ayenst them oute of the Kyngf Eschequyer by vertue of the same comyssions to be discharged uppon ther othes for ther seid noon sufficientie wythoute fyne or fee. And that e9y escheatour and edmissioner shall sytte in convenient & open places according to the statutes heretofore made; and that the seid escheatours and comissioners shall suifre e9y psone to geve evydence openly in ther psence to suche enquestys as shalbe taken byfore eny of them uppon payne of xl pounde. And that no shereff nor other psone whiche shall or ought to retome wryttes or pceptes retorne be fore escheatours or suche comyssioner any psone or psones to enquere of eny londes or tentf excepte e9y of the same jurye so retorned or other to ther use have landes or tentf of the yerely value of xl s. wythin the same shyre wher the same inquyrie shalbe made wythoute fraude or collusion above all charges and reprises upon payne of forfeytour for e9y psone so retomed an hundred shelyngf. {Rep. 6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 62.J And

that the jurye that shalbe swome before eny escheter or suche edmissioner to enquere of landes ( 8 ) tentf or other hereditamentf shall receyve the counter-payne of the office or inquisicon that by them shalbe psented endented and sealed by the eschetour or by suche comissyoner and the same delyver & suffer to reste in the possession of the fyrste psone that shalbe swome in the seid jurye w* hym to remayne to thentent that the seid edmissioner or escheatour may nott change nor enbesyll the seid offices or inquisioones; and. this to be doon uppon payne of e9y of the said psones that shalbe swome xx a And that eVy eschetour and edmyssioner after a jurye or enqueste before eny of them swome be redye to gyve ther verdyte or psentement and offer to psent

1 record 0.

non 0.

*& 0.

A.D. 1509-10.

1 Henry VIII. c. 8.

369

the same, that the said eschetour or comissioners or parte of them shall

receyve the same verdyte wythowte further delay, uppon payne of an hundreth Penalty 1001.

pownde, and delyver the coun?payne of thendenture to the jurye in forme

afore rehersed upon lyke payne. And that yf the clerk of the petie bagge of Clerk of the

the Kyngf ChaunSy for the tyme beyng or his deputie or deputies or eny other

officer ther havyng auctoritie to receyve eny suche office or inquisicon to whos office found;

handes eny suche office or inquisicon shall come to, whiche ought to be retorned

into the seid Chaun&rie, wyll nott receyve the same office or inquisicon and

putt yt on the fylas to remayne of recorde wythin thre days after yt be

receyved or offered to hym to be receyved he to forfett for ev*y suche defaults penalty 401.

xl pounds; and the comissioners or eschetour afore whome the same office or

inquisicon ys founden and as ys beforeseid offered to be delyverd into the See 8 H. VI.

ChaunSry to be discharged of the penaltie of xl pounde lymytted by statute c 7

for none retomyng of the same office or inquisicon wythin the monethe: And

that lyke lawe.and penaltie be .to,charge the officer or officers of the Kyngf Return of

Eschequyer for the tyme beyng, whiche ought to receyve inquisitions or offices SelExchequer.

refcomable into the same Eschequyer for refusyng so to receyve them; and

that the comyssioners or eschetour before whome the seid inquisicxjns or offices

be founden be dyscharged of the penaltie of the statute for none retournyng of

the same inquisitions or offices so that then the seid eschetour or comyssioners

at eny tyme after the monethe of eny suche offices before them or eny of

them taken wythin an othre monethe then nexte ensuyng retome the seid

office into the ChaunSrye or Eschekker as the case shall requyre; and that the Transcripts of

seid clerk of petyte bagges for the tyme beyng Stifle or Cause to be Styfied the

transcripte of e9y suche office or inquisicons taken before eny comissioners or the Exchequer.

eschetoure to the Kingf Eschekker the nexte terme folowyng the receyte

therof uppon payne of forfeytoure for e9y suche defaute an hundreth shelyngf.

And that no man be compelled after the fest of All Seyntf nexte comyng to None shall be

occupye nor excise the office of an eschetour by eny oon patent over oon hole ^oor

yere. And that he that ys ons eschetour shalnot be made escheyto* ayene above a year,

wythein thre yere after the foreseid hole yere ended. And yf eny eschetour &c'

afi! the feaste of All Seyntes be made eschetoure or exScyse his office by

reasone of one patent o9 the tyme of oon hole yere ended, or be made

eschetoure wythin thre yere after as is aforeseid, that then after the seyd hole

yere in forme aforeseid endyde hys patent so made to be voyde and of noon

effecte. And that the partie or parties so greved shall have his or theyr Recovery of

reco9y of e9y of the seid forfeytours of an hundreth pounde by [an acconT] of

dett, in whiche accone the defendaunte shall nott wage hys la we nor be by

pteccion nor esson; and the residue of the other forfeytures expssed in this

psent Acte the Kyng shall have the oon motie therof and the ptie that wyll

sue therfor by accione of dett the other moyte, and the defendaynte shall

have no other delay but as ys aforeseid. Provided alway that this Acte Provisoes a* to

conSnyng eschetoure for exScysyng of ther office o9 an hole yere to geder, and

Ires patentes or grauntes made or to be made to eny eschetour for terme of corporations,

lyve or for yeres or otherwyse, extend nott ne be pjudicyall to eny eschetour &c*

that nowe ys, and that hereafter shalbe made and ordined in eny citye or

town© corporatt or in the duchies of Lancast? Comewall and the counties

palatynes of Lane Chest? Durham or Ely or to eny other countie palatyne 1

A A

1 accioun 0.

370

1 Henry VIII. c. 8,10.

A.D. 1509-10.

Qualification of escheators in corporations, &c.

Justices of peace.

Stat8Hen. VI. chap. 16. recited.

wythin the realme of Englonde Wales or the inarches of the same, or to eny eschetour made or hereafter to be made by eny psone or psones spuall or temporall havyng auctoritie by reason of eny fraunchesses lifetie pryyyleges pscripcions or graunte to depute or make eny suche eschetour in the same. Provyded also that this Acte as to eny penaJtie in the same conSnyng the sufficientie of eschetour & juroures aforeseid extend nott nor be pjudiciaU to eny eschetour in citie or townes corporate ne to eny other echetour made or hereafter to be made by eny psone or psones havyng privelege to make eschetoures for enquysicons of landes tent? or hereditament?; ne to any shryfe or baylyffe for retomnyng in eny pannell eny psone or psones before eny of the seid eschetours of Jesse value than ys conteyned in [this*] seyd Acte. The eschetour of the counte palatyne of Lancaster and Chester in this gviso oonely forprysed and excepted. Provyded also that this Acte extend nott nor be pjudiciall to eny justices of the peace for eny thing doyng conSnyng the cdmission of the peace. ...............

CHAPTER X.

An Act that noe Lease shalbe made of Land? seised into the King? Hand? but

in certayne cases.

1ST HER AS by a statute made the viij^ yere of the reigne of Kyng Heny the Syxte yt ys ordeyned amonge other thyng? that no landes and tent? seased in to the Kyng? handes uppon inquestes taken afore the eschetour or comissyoners, shall in no wyse be lett or graunted to ferme by the chaunceller of Englonde or eny other officer of the Kynges, whate sume9 he be, tyll the same inquestes and verdettes be retomed playnely into the ClpaunSrye or into the Eschekker, but that all suche londes and tenement? shall abyde holy and contynuallye in the Kyng? handes unto the same inquestes and verdettf be retourned, ( 1 2 ) but yt be boo that he or they that be greved by the same enquestes or put owte of theyr landes and tent? come into the ChaunSrye and offer to travers the same enquestys, and offer to take the same londes & tenement? to ferme, and yf they soo doo then the same londes and tent? be comytted unto them yf they shewe goode evydence gvyng ther travers to be true and fynde suertie after the forme of the seid statute, as in the seid statute more at large apperyth; and notwythstandyng the seid statute divers eschetours and cdmyssioners whiche have taken suche enquest? after the dethe of the Kyng? sugiectes of there covyn to thentent to putt them that hadde cause of traverse to the verdytes of the seid inquestes frome the ferme of the pmisses wold in the tyme of vacacon putt into the ChaunSrye or in to the Eschekker ther seid offices by them taken by cause the moneth shulde passe afore the begynnyng of the terme nexte ensuyng, by reasons wherof, they that shulde of xyght have the ferme uppone ther traverse accordyng to the true

1 the O.

2 and by a month after the same return, These words seem wanting to the sense, but are omitted on the roll, in the original Act, and the printed copies. See the statute cited, which is in French; as also the latter part of the preamble of the present Act.

1 Henbt VIII. c. 10.

871

entent of the seid statute were pat frome the same formes confcr"y to xyght and good conscience; for remedye wherof be yt ordeyned (1) and stablisshed by auctoritie of this psent Pliament, that frome hensforthe after suche office founde afore eny escheto* or comyssyoner and put into the ChaunSrye or the Eschekker yf eny psone or psone, whiche wylle tende a traverse to the same office and desyreth to have the londes conteyned in the same office to ferme and fyndeth suertie and shewyth evydenoe to the chaunoeller of Englonde for the tyme beyng, accordyng to the statute afore rehersed, come into the ChaunStye wythein thre monethes nexte after the same office so putt into the ChaunSry or Eschekker, that [he be then] by the seid chaunceller therto amitted; and that then all other patent? and grauntee hereafter to be made therof wythin the seid thre monethes ended be voyde and of non effects, the seid statute made the viij*11 yere of the reigne of Kyng Herry the yj*1 or eny other statute made to the contrye notwythstondyng.

3 HENET VIH. A.D. 1511-12.

OFjr Rotuto $arltammtt He amto regnf Regfcl $enrief

#ctabt, ttrtfo.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT BEGUN TO BE HOLDEN AT Westminster, on Wednesday the Fourth Day of February,

In the THIRD Year of the Reign of K. HENRY VIII.

CHAPTER XI*

An Act concerning Phesidons & Surgeons.

(WORASMOCHE as the sdence and connyng of physyke [and surgie] to the pfecte knowlege wherof bee requisite bothe grete lemyng and ripe expience ys daily within this royalme exScised by a grete multitude of ignoraunt psones of whom the grete partie have no maS of insight in the same nor in any other kynde of lemyng some also [can5] no ires on the boke soofar-fdrth that comon artifiSs as smythes wevers and women boldely and custumably take upon theim grete curia and thyngys of great difficultie in the which they partely use socery and which crafte partely applie such [medicyne ] unto the disease as be verey noyous and nothyng mutely therfore to the high dis-pleasoure of God great infamye to the faculties and the grevous hurte damage

1 enacted O. * then he be O.

3 Two copies of this Act are entered on the roll, nu. 18 and 22. The text is printed from the former.

At the head of the original Act is written " To the King our sover&igne lord and to aDe the lordes spuall and temporall and comons in this present pliament assembled." This introduction is given in no. 22. on the rolL To the original Act a small schedule is attached, containing the following words: " Memorand that sowrgeons be comprised in this Acte like as phisicttns for like mischief of ignorant psones P*umyng to exercise sowrgerie." The words relating to surgery and surgeons included in crotchets in the print are all interlined in the anginal Act.

4 can O: cane mu 22. 1 4 medycyns nu, 18.

A A 2

Lands seised into the Kin^a hands, upon inquest of offices, shall be let to him that tenders a traverse, within three months.

Physic and surgery used by unikilfhl persons.

372

3 Henry YIII. c. 11.

A.D. 1511-1J,

None shall practise as a physician or surgeon in London, unless examined and approved by the bishop of London, &c.

Penalty 5 1. per month.

and distruccion of many of the Kyngf liege people most spally of them that cannot desceme the uncunyng from the cunnyng; be it therfore to the suertie and comfort of all raaS people by the auctoritie of thys psent Parliament enacted that noo pson within the citie of London nor within vij myles of the same take upon hym to exScise and occupie as a phisicion [or surgion] except he be first examined approved and admitted by the bisshop of London or by the dean of Poules for the tyme beyng callyng to hym or them iiij doctours of phisyk [and for surgie other expt psones in that facultie] and for the first ex-amynacion such as they shall thynk convenient; and af$ward alway iiij of them that have been soo approved upon the payn of forfeytour for e9y moneth that they doo occupie as phisicions [or surgeons] not admitted nor examined after the tenour of thys Acte of v li to be employed the oon half therof to thnse

n.

In the country, practisers shall be approved by the bishop of the diocese, &c.

Proviso for Oxford and Cambridge.

of our so^aign lord the Kyng and the other half therof to any pson that wyll sue for it by accion of dette in which no wageour of lawe nor gtecdon shalbe allowed. And o9 thys that noo pson out of the seid citie and pdncte of vij myles of the same except he have been as is seid before approved in the same take upon hym to excise and occupie as a phisicion [or surgeon] in any diocesse within thys royalme but if he be first examined and approved by the bisshop of the same diocesse or he beyng out of the diocesse by hys vicar gefiall either of them callyng to them such expert psons in the seid faculties as there dis-crecion shall thynk convenyent and gyfFyng ther letfe testimonials under ther sealle to hym that they shall soo approve upon like payn to them that occupie [the l-\ coniine to thys Acte as is above seid to be levyed and employd after the fourme before ex^ssed. Provided alway that thys Acte nor any thyng therin conteyned be pjudiciall to the uniQsities of Oxford and Cantebrigge or either of them or to any privilegys gNmted to them.

4 HENRY YIII. A.D. 1512.

erLotulo ^arUamenti be amto regnt $mrtri <£rtabt, quarto.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT BEGUN TO BE HOLDEN at Westminster, by Prorogation, on the Fourth Day of November, In the FOURTH Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIIL

CHAPTER VIIL 5 Rico Strode.

T A^ENTABLY compleyneth and shewith unto your most discrete wisdoms by Ric. strode, in this psent Pliament assembled Richard Strode gentilman of the tilings1*1* * cootie of Devonshire one of the burgesses of this honorable House for the burgh of Plympton in the countie foresaid; that where the said Bichard conducended and greed with other of this House to putte forth Steyn bylies in this psent Pliament ageynst Steyn psones named tynners in the countie foreseid for the reformacion of the perysshyng hurtyng and distroyng of dy9s portis havyns and crekys and oder billys for the coen wele of the said

1 0. omits.

4 Henby VIII. c. 8.

373

countie the which here in this High Couurte of Parliament shuld and ought to be comendd and treated of; and for by cause the said Richard is a tynner for the causes and maters afore rehersed one John Fursse tynner understeward of the steyirJy in the said countie in and at fower cortes of the said steifiy at dy9s placis and tymes before hym se9ally holden in the said countie he and other hath con-dempned the said Richard in the sume of viij* ti. that is to wit at e9y courte xl ti; and that by the pcurement of the said John Fursse at the seid iiij se9all oourtes and lawdays in the said steiSy by hym holden in this ma8 pupplysshed and seid, that the seid Richard at the last Parliament holden at Westm wold (1) [avoyded and utterly destroyed all lifcties pryvylegys and fraunches con-8nyng the steyifiy by reason wherof the said Richard uppon fower bylies hadde and made therof by the said John Fursse and other caused [that *] the saide Richard was psented and founde gilte of the pmysses in e9y of the said courtes in xl ti. to be lost and forfeyt by hym, by reason of an acte and ordynaunce by tynners made and hadde at a place in the said countie called Crockerentor the tenour of whiche acte apperith in a sedule to this bill annexed, to the which the said Richard was ne9 warned nor called to make answere to the pmysses cont»ry to all lawes right reason and good conscience: And for the execucion of the same one John a Gwyllam, upon a sourmyse by hym made to the Kyngges Highnes of the said condempnacion to be to his Grace forfeyte therof, atteyned a byll assigned of xx ti. pcell of the said viij* ti. to be to hym grunted by the seid Kyngges Highnes; wheruppon the seid John a Gwyllam and other caused the said Richard was taken and imprisoned in a doungen and a depe pytt under grounde in the castell of Lidford in the said countie, and there and elswhere remayned by the space of thre wekys and more unto such tyme he was dely9ed by a wrete of privilege out of the Kyngges Eschequer at Westm, for that he was one of the collectours in the said countie for the. first of the twoo quyndezims gaunted at and in this psent Pliament; the which prison is oon of the most anoyous contagious and detestablest place withyn this real me, so that by reason of the same imprisonament he was putt in greate jepdie and pill of his lyff; and the said Richard so beyng yn prison and the said John a Gwillam seyng the same cruell imprisonament of the said Richard intreated and instantly desyred one Philipp Fursse then beyng keper of the said prisone streytly to kepe the said Richard in prison and to putte irons uppon hym to his more gretter payne and jopdie and to geve hym but bredde and water oonly, to the entente to cause the said Richard to be fayn to contente and pay hym the said xx ti and for the same pmysed the seid keper fower markes of money, for the which iiij m*ct the said Richard for to be yeased of his irons and paynfull imprisonament aforesaid for savegard of his liff pmysed and grunted to pay to the said keper iiij m»cf wherof he payed to the said keper in hande xiij & iiij <L And 6$ that the said Richard for to be eased of his said paynfull imprisonament was also of necessitie dry ven to be bounden to Thomas Denys deputie unto Sir Henry Marney knyght wardeyn of the said stei&y in an obligacion of the sume of C1L uppon condicion wherof pte is as herafter fblowith, that is to say, that if the above bounden Richarde Strode defende and save harmeles the said Thomas Denys and to use hym self as a true prisoner duryng the tyme it shall please the Kyng to have hyin prisoner in the castell of Lidford, and also to do no thyng wherby he shall in the

1 have

9 O. omits.

Consequent recovery of penalties against Strode in stannary courts, as for breach of an act of the parliament of turners at Crockerentor.

Imprisonment of Strode in execution thereon;

farther duress of imprison-ment.

Bond by Strode to be relieved therefrom.

1 avoyded O.

4 Henby VIII. c. 8.

A.D. 1512.

The said judgment, execution, & bond declared void.

II.

Suits against any for bills or speeches, &c. in Parliament declared void.

Action on the case given to the party grieved:

Treble damages, &c.

Schedule, above referred to.

lawe be demed out of prison, and other articles comprised in the said condiffin the which the said Richard pfetly rememberith not; wherefore the pmysses by your greate wisedoms tenderly considered the said Richard humbly prayth that it may be ordeyned establisshed and inacted by the Kyng our so9eigne lord and by the lordes spuall and temporaU and the comens in this psent Parliament assembled and by auctoritie of the same that the said condempnacon and condempnacions of the said viij" li. and e9y pcell therof and jugementes and execucions had or to be hadde for the same, and also the said obligacion and all demaundes had or to be hadde for the pmisses or any of theym to be utterly voyde ageynst the said Richard and of none effecte. And o9 that be it inacted by the said auctoritie that ( 1) sutes accusementes condempnacions execucons fynes aflciamentes punysshmentes correccons gre^nces charges and imposicions putte or had or here after to be put or hadde unto or uppon the said Richard and to eVy other of the pson or psons afore specified, that nowe be of this psent Parliament or that of any Parliament herafter shalbe for any bill spekyng reasonyng or declaryng of any mater or maters conSnyng the Pliament to be cdmened and treated of, be utterly voyd and of none effecte. And o9 that be it inacted by the said auctoritie that if the said Richard Strode or any of all the said oder pson or psons here after be vexed trobeled or other wise charged for any causes as is aforseid, that then he or they and e9y of theym so vexed or troubeled of and for the same to have accion uppon the case ageynst e9y such pson and psons so vexyng or troubelyng any oontaie to this ordynaunce and pvysion, in the which accion the partie greved shall recover trebyll damages and costes, and that no gteccion essoine nor wager of lawe in the said accion in any wise be admited nor receyved.

(2) Be it inquyred for our so9eyng lord the Kyng that where as at the parliament holden at Crockerentor before Thomas Denys deputie to Sir Henry Mamey knyght wardeyn of the steifiy the xxiiij day of Septembre the second yere of the reigne of Kyng Henry the viij^ it was ordeyned establisshed and enacted that frome the day aforsaid it shalbe lawfull for e9y man to dygge tyn within the countie of Devonshire in all plads where as tyn may be founde; and also to cary the wa? to ther werkes without any lette or trouble of any pson or psones accordyng to our usages and confirmacon and our chartour and accordyng to our custome ( s) out of mynde: And if any pson or psons let troble or vex any man to digge tyn or to cary water for the same contPrie to our olde custome and usage and if it be founde by verdyt of xij men at the lawday, he that so lettyth vexeth or troubleth any such pson or psons shall fall in the penaltie of xl ti. as [ought4] as he so vexeth or troubleth the one halfe to my lord Prince and the other halfe to by that was so letted vexed or troubled, and a fieri fac to be warded as well for my lord Prince as for the partie, if one Richard Strode of Plympton tynfi at the Parliament holden at Westmynster the iiij^ day of Februarie last past letted vexed or troubled one William Rede the yongger and Elys Elford tynfls and all other tynners in the same parliament for dyggyng of tyn in the se9all soyle of the said Richard and other psons cont*rie to this our Acte made.

2 What follows is in a separate schedule annexed to the original Act 4 oft

*all O. 8 time

37$

( I251Y VEILJLD. 1511-15.

ex IMd ^anamn k anno rnpri jEUf^ Soma

€Htatot, onto.

RTAITnEF «AHT jt -hi -ct Pajjjjlkest fecti? to ff hou>ex

AT WESHCN5TEL EEF IliSIiJLr TEE FlTCT PaT OF FlXnrjLRY,

is m SHZHE Xii-i :? tef Kj3gx of K. HEXRY, Y1H

ZHE Xii-i :? tef Ritgk of

chapter rr.

Acre for pdamaciom ti i«- made hefnre the Exigent be awnrcSd into foreyn

Shires.

XTTXHEEE si l ParlunTHnn hdidai it Westm the nij^ day of Ftbimiy in ^ of the thyme yere of the reigne of ©ere sovaigne lord King Heire lie Eight that nowi b anr from ihsns far dyvs urgent causes unto lie day of 2?ovembrfc the m}°- yere of the rrigne of core seid sovaign lord progei oca good and loanable Acte was made and orderned toweiyng writxf of pdamacior to be made tgion exdgandf >aed ageyn any psons in forren or Giber shire then where bucL defend&nrt be called of ooniy to endure from liens nnti« the next Parliament, which Ane is noire de'nnyned: tie effect and true entent of which seid Acte is thongbt right avayteabie and comodyons and in avoidyug of utlaryes heresf! to tie pnownced agern any pserne by re&sone of such forrayn bth^ to have contyniL&sznee and ppetn&Ty to endure: Be it therfare by the Kyng ocre s: haign lord with&ssent of tie lord' sjanZl and temporal! and the eoniyns in this Parliament assembled and by the anctarite On meant ime of the ttmf Parliament enacted arieyned and esiabiissbed that if and where any wrytt of exigent at ary tyme from the rr. day of Estre next comyng tin rialbe or aftir shalbe awarded at the sets of acre si vhign lord the Kyng or any

other psan or peons playntif or piayinhEf in any aecizm peanall ageyn any peon vtoetie pom or peons called of any sLire or ritie beyng a fhrre ec*rj»arate on it self or

late of any each shire or cite other than in to such shire or cite whenmto suehe exigent shalbe awarde d to be called aeoordymr to the la we, and also in ery writte of exigent in any aeSon ps jnad wherof the poeaee or exigent at the eeid xv. day of Ester or aft shalbe directed in to London or Midi tie defendant beyng called late of London or late of Midi an d at tie tyme of tiexigrent awarded not dweUyn^ in London nor in Mi id. or eif that the seid defen daunt or defendanntf in the same exigent dwell in any other shire or place ti*n wher the Kyngf writt rennyth then tie jostief bif-.re wL m any so one exigent is to be awarded in all aocons where the exigent shah not l«e directed [in :] London nor Midd to award [any *] writt of pdamadon to be directed to tie sfairef of the «mm eonntde where it dothe appere by lie nsyng of soebe acoon that the partie defendaont is or lately was dweDyng if the Kyngf Trine there Le currant, and ^TBs to the next shire adjoynyng to tie ccxmtde or cmnties or cither places wherof tie partie is called or lately supposed by the seia exigent to have Ins beyng of where the Kynges writte soo rennetie no :; and in e^y accion as beforeadd wherof tiexigent shalbe directed in to Lond on or Mi it and the defendannt or defendanntf in the same called bite of London or of

1 in to O-

* O.

376

6 Henry VIII. c. 4, 6.

A.D. 1514-15.

And three proclamations shall be made thereon.

Returns, delivery", and execution of such writs of proclamation.

Who shall make oat such writs.

Fee thereupon.

Outlawry, contrary to this Act may be avoided without writ of error.

Midd and at tyme of thexigent awarded not havyng his or theire dwellyng in London nor Midd, than the writte of pclamacion to be awarded made and directed unto the shiref of the shire where the defendaunt at the tyme of thexigent soo ageyn hym or theym awarded shall have his dwellyng, or in case where the Kyngf writte rennethe not unto the next shire therunto adjoynyng, the whiche seid writt of pclamacion shall conteigne theffecte of the same accion: And that the shiref of the countie to whom any suche writte of pclamacion ahalbe directed make three pclam^cions within his countie at thre se9all dayes, that is to sey twoo of the same pclamacions in the fall and pleyne shire courte of the same countie and the thyrd of the said pclamacions to be made at the gefiall sessions in thoes parties where the partie defendant is supposed to be dwellyng, or in the parties of the countie next adjoynyng the countie or counties where the Kyngf writte rennyth not, that the partie defendant yeld hym self to the shiref of the foren countie to whom any such exigent in any accion psonall is awarded, soo that the shiref of suche foren counties may upon his yeldyng have the body of the seid defendant before the justices before whom any suche exigent is awarded at the day of the same exigent comprised there to answere to the playntif in the same acoordyng to the lawe. And that e9y suche writte of pclamacion shall have the same day of retome as the writte of exigent upon suche foren accions so awarded shall have; and that e9y suche writte of pclamacion be deiy9ed of recorde to the shiref or deputie of the countie [inx] the which any such writte of pclamacion is to be awarded; and (*) the shirif of the same countie duly doo execute the same and therof make true retoume at the day of the same writte appoynted, uppon payn to forfayte suche aSciament unto the Kyng oure so9aigne loid and to his heires as by the discressions of the justicf before whome such exigent shalbe retomable to be sette. And that the officer in whois office suche exigent is taken make owte the seid writte and writtf of pclamacion as hereafter shalbe awarded in any of the seid court?; and that the same officer take nomore for the makyng of suche writte of pclamacion and thentryng of the same of recorde but only vj d. And if any outlawries hereafter be had or pmulged ageynst any pson or psons in any accion psonall in any foren countie and noo writte of pclamacion as is aforeseid awarded and returned that then e9y suche outlawrie to be utterly voyde and of none effecte ne force in the lawe: And that all owtlawries had cont"ry to this Acte be advoyded by averrement without suyng of any writte of errour.

CHAPTER VI.

The justices of the King's Bench may remit prisoners, with their indictments, into their counties to be tried.

Acte conSnyng felons and murderers.

Wf HERE di9se felons and murderers upon fayned and untrue surmyses * " have often tymes removed aswell their bodies as their incitement? by write and otherwise before the King in his benche, and cannot by the ordre of the lawe be remytted and sent downe to the justices of gaile dely?y or of the peax ne other justice ne commissioner to pcede upon theym after the course of the comen lawe; be it therfore ordeyned and enactid by the auctoritie of this psent Pliament that the justices of the Kinges Benche for the tyme

A.D. 1514-15.

6 Henry VIII. c. 6,15,16.

377

beyng have full auctoritie and power by their discrecions to remaunde and send downe, aswell the bodies of all felons and murderers brought or removed or that shalbe removed or brought before the King in his benche, as their inditements in to the counties where as the same murders or felonyes have ben comytted and downe and to comaund all justices of gaile dely9y justices of peax and all other justices and cdmissioners and ePy of theym to gcede and deSmyn upon all the forsaid bodies and inditementf so removed after the course of the comen lawe in suche mafi as the same justices of gaile dely9y justices of peax and other comissioners or any of theym mought or shuld have don, yf the said prisoners or inditementf had ne9 ben brought in to the said Kinges Benche.

CHAPTER XV.

Acte avoidyng secund Ires patent^ grunted by the Kyng.

rjPHE Kingf Highnes of his goodnes calling to his remembrance that where his Grace hath gaunted to di9se of his svantf for their 8vice to his Grace done land? tentf fees office and other thinge to have to theym during his pleasure, and after other psones by their sundry sute have obteyned of his Highnes other ires patente of the same not ad9tising his Grace of his forfl g*unt£, wherby the said fornl patentees have ben advoyded and put from thadvauntage of their said fornl g*untf and patentf conWie to thentent and g*unte of oure said so9aigne lord; Wherfore be it ordeyned established and enactid by oure said so9aigne lord the lordes spuall and tempall and the comons in this psent Pliament assembled and by auctoritie of the same that if any psone or psons from hensforth do make sute to the Kingf Highnes for any landf tentf office or any other thingf so by his Grace grunted or hereafter to be grunted to any psone or psones during his pleasure, the said firste patentee than beyng in liff, that he do expsse in his said bill of peticion or patent the teno* of the said fornl patent, and that the King than hath deSmyned his pleasure agaynst the said first patentee, or ellis the said secound Ires patentf of any of the pmisses to any pson hereafter to be grunted be void and of noon effecte. [This Acte to comense and take effecte from the iiijth dale of Aprill next comyng and not before.1]

CHAPTER XVI.

Acte conSnyng Burgeses of the Pliament.

TjIOR so moche as comenly in the end of e9y Parliament dyvers & many grete & weyghty maters, aswell touchyng the pleasure wele and suertie of oure so9aigne lord the Kyng as the comon wele of this his realme and subjettf ar to be treatyd comynyd of and by auctorite of Parliament to be concluded, so ytt ys that dyvers knyghtis of shires citizens for cities burgyses for boroughes & barons of the synk portf long tyme before the end of the seid Parliament of their owne auctoritees depart & goeth home into their countrees, wherby the seid grett & weighty maters ar many tymes gretly delayed, in consyderacyon wherof be ytt enactyd by the Kyng our so9aigne lord the lordf

In grants by the King of lands, offices, &c. the determination of fonner grants shall be stated.

Knights, citizens, or burgesses shall not depart from Parliament until the session be ended, without licence of the speaker; on forfeiture of their wages.

1 In a schedule annexed to the original Act.

378

6 Henry VIII. a 16.

A.D. 1514-15.

spu&ll & temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by auctoryte of the same, that from hensforth none of the seid knyghtis cytizens burgyses & barons nor any of them that hereafter shalbe electyd to come or be in any Parliament do nott depart frome the same Parliament nor absent hym selff frome the same tyll the same Parliament be folly fynysshid endyd or grogyd, except he or they so departyng have lycens of the speker and comyns in the same Parliament assembled, and the same licens be enteryd of record in the booke of the clerke of the Parliament appoynted or to be appoynted for the comon house; upon payn to e9y of them so departyng or absenfcyng them self in any other maner to loose all thos somes of money whiche he or they shuld or ought to have hadd for his or their wages, and that all the counties cities and buroughes whereof any suche gson shalbe so electyd and the inhabitauntf of the same shalbe clerely dyschargyd of all the seyd wages ayenst the seid gson and parsons and their executours for evermore.

21 HENRY VIII. A.D. 1529.

pftotulo ^arltamnrtt tit anno regnt Rests! $mrin

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT BEGUN TO BE HOLDER

in the City of London, on Wednesday the Third Day of November,

AND THENCE CONTINUED AND PROROGUED TO THE NEXT DAY,

AND THEN HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER,

In the TWENTY-FIRST Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIR

CHAPTER IY.

An Acte conSninge Executors of laste Willes and Testament?.

Cases of refusal of executors to act in the sale of lands devised.

\\J HEBE dyvers sondry gsons before this tyme, havyng other psons seased * to their uses of and in landes and other hereditamentes, to and for the dedaracion of their wylles, have by ther last wylles and testamentes willed and declared suche their said landes tenementes or other hereditamentes to be solde by their executours, as well to and for the paymentes of their dettes gformance of their legacies, necessary and convenyent fyndyng of their wyves, vertuous bryngyng up and avauncement of their chyldren to maryage, as also for other charitable dedes to be done and executed by their executours for the helth of their soules; and notwithstondyng such truste and confidence so by them put in their said executors it hath oftentymes ben sene, where such last wylles and testamentes of such landes tenementes and other hereditamentes hath ben declared, and in the same dy9s executours named and made, that after the decease of such testatours some of the same executours wyllyng to accomplysshe the truste and confidence that tl^y ware put in by the said testatour, have [exceptedl] and taken upon them the charge of the said testament, and have ben redy to fulfyll and gforme all thynges conteyned in the same; and the resydue of the same executours uncharytably, contrary to the truste that they were put in, have refused to intermedle in anywyyse

21 Henry VIII. c. 4, 5.

379

with the execution of the said wyll and testament or with the sale of such landes so wylled to be solde by the testatour: And forasmoche as a bargayn and sale of such landes tenementes or other hereditamentes so wylled by any parson to be solde by his executours after his decease, after the oppynyon of dy vs psons can in no wyse be good or effectuall in the lawe onles the same bargayne and salo be made by the hole nombre of the executours named to and for the same, by reason wherof aswell the dettes of such testatours hath rested unpayed and unsatisfied to the greate daunger and parell of the soules of such testatours, and to the greate hynderance and many tymes to the utter undoyng of their creditours, as also the legacies (>) bequestes made by the testatour to his wyf chyldren and for other charitable dedes to be done for the welth of the soule of the same testatour that made the same testament hath ben also unperformed, aswell unto the extreme mysery [bya] the wyfe and chyldren of the said testatour, as also unto the lett of pformance of other cbcrytable dedes for the welth of the soule of the said testatour, to the displeasure of Almighty God:

For the remedy wherof be it enacted ordeyned and establysshed by the auctorito Where some of

of this psent Parlyament, that where parte of the executours named in any such

testament of any such parson so makyng or declaiyng any such wyll of any others desire, to

landes tenementes or other hereditamentes to be solde by his exocutourH

after the deth of any such testatour, do refuse to take upon liym or thorn *aW*

the admynystration and charge of the same testament and last wyll wherin ae»vij^i to b«

they be so named to be executours, and the resydue of the same executours do *'

accepte and take upon them the cure and charge of the same testament and {^the a"ii'

last wyll, that than all bargayns and sales of such landes tenementes or other executors only.

hereditamentes so wylled to be solde by the executours of any such testatour,

as well heretofore made as hereafter to be made, by hym or them only of the

said executours that so dothe accept or that heretofore hath accepted and

taken upon him or them any such cure or charge of administration of any

such will or testament, shall be as good and as effectuall in the lawe as yf

all the resydue of the same executours, named in the said testament, so refusyng

the administration of the same testament, had joyned with hym or them in

the makyng of the bargayne and sale of such landes tenementes or other

hereditamentes so wylled to be solde by their executours of any such testatour,

which here tofore hath made or declared or that hereafter shall make or declare

any such wyll of any such landes tenementes or other hereditamentes after his

decease to be solde by his executours.

Provyded alway that this Acte shall not extende to gyve power or auctorito IT*

to any executour or executours at any tyme herafter to bargayn or put to wnu

sale any landes tenementes or hereditamentes by vertue and auctorite of any heretofore wyll or testament heretofore made, otherwyse than they myght do by the tu3/Ur course of the comon lawe afore the makyng of this Acte.

CHAPTER V.

As Acte concninge Fynes & somes of Moneye to be taken by the Minister* of Busahops and other Ordinaries of Holye Churche for the Pbate of Teatamtf.

WJ HERE in the Parliament holden at Westmynstre in the xxxj yere of the ft*, yaw. " raigne of the noble Kyng of famous memory Edward the Tbred, upon ^ 1

1 an& printed copies. 2 of printed copue.

380

21 Henry VIII. c. 5.

A.D. 1529.

StatS Henry V. chap. 8. respecting fees on probates, &c.

Fees for probates of wills where the

effects do not exceed £5.

Administrations of like value:

Ordinaries shall not refuse to prove wills.

the coplaynt of his people for the outragious and grevous fynes and somes

of money taken by the mynistres of bysshops and of other ordynaries of

Holy Churche for the gbate of testamentes, and for the acquitaunces by the

said ordinaries to be made conSnyng the same, the said noble Kyng in the

same Parliament openly charged and comaunded the archbisshop of Caunter-

bury and the other bysshops for the tyme beyng that amendement therof

shuld be had; and yf none amendement were therof had yt was by the

auctorite of the same Parliament accorded, that the Kyng therof shulde make

enquery by his justices of such oppssion and extorcions, and that the same

justices shulde here and determyn them as well at the sute of the Kyng as of

the ptie as (l) olde tyme hath ben used, as by the same estatute playnly

appereth: And where at the Parliament holden at Westm in the thred yere

of the raigne of Kyng Henry the Fyveth yt was resyted, that the comons of

the realme had often complayned them [of8] dy9s Parliamentes of that, that

dy9s ordynaries take for the probacion of testamentes and other thinges

therunto belongyng somtyme xl. s. somtyme lx. s. and somtyme more agayust

right and justice, where in the* tyme of Kyng Edwarde the Thred, men were

wont to pay for such causes but two shillynges vj pence or fyve shillynges

at the moost, by which unlawfull exaccions the testamentes of the testatoure

might not be executed accordyng to ther last wylles; it was than enacted for

the avoydyng of such oppressions that noo ordynary from thensforth shuld

take for the probacion of any testament and inventuary or for other

thynges to the same belongyng any more than was accustomed and used in

the tyme of the said noble Kyng Edward the Thyrde, upon payne to yelde

to the partie so greved thre tymes as moche as the said ordynaries dyd so

receyve; which Acte dyd endure but to the next Parliament folowyng by

reason that the ordynaries dyd than promyse to reforme and amende the said

oppressions and exaccions: And for that, that the said unlawfull exaccions of

the said ordynaries and their ministres be nothyng reformed nor amended but

greatly augmented and encreased, agaynst right and justice and to the greate

empoverysshement of the Kynges subjectes; the Kyng our soveraigne iorde

by the assent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this

psent Parliament assembled and by auctoritie of the same, hath ordeyned

establisshed and enacted that from the fyrst day of Aprell in the yere of our Lorde God M1 VCxxx that nothyng shalbe demaunded receyved nor taken by any bysshop ordynary archdeaken chauncellour comyssary official!, nor any other maner of person or persons "whatsoever they be, which nowe have or whyche at any tyme herafter shall have auctorite or pouer to take or receyve probacyon insynuacion or approbacion of testament or testamentes, by hymself or themself nor by his or their regestera, scribes, praisers, sommoners apparatours or by any other of their ministers, for the gbacion insynuacion and approbacion of any testament or testamentes, or for wrytyng sealyng praisyng regrystring fyne makyng of inventuaries gyvyng of acquytaunces or for any other maner of cause conSnyng the same, where the goodes of the testatour of the said testament or person so dyeng do nat amount clerely over and above the value of an hundreth shillynges sterlyng, excepte only to the scrybe to have for wrytyng of the nbate of the testament of hym deceased whose goodes shall not be above the same clere value of an hundreth shillynges, yj pense; and for the comis-sion of mynistracion of the goodes of any man deceasynge intestate not beyng above lyke value of C. s. clere [and 3] vi d. And that neverthelesse the bysshop ordynaryc or other person or personcs havyng power or auctorite to take or recey ve the probacion or approbacion of the testamentes, refuse nat to approve any suche testament beyng

1 of printed copies 2 in printed copies. 3 Printed copies omit this word.

AJ). 1529.

21 Henry VIII. a 5.

381

laufally tended or offired to them to be proved or approved, wherof the goodes of the testatour or person so dyeng amount nat above the value of an hundreth shillynges sterlynges; so that the said testament be exhibited to hym or them in wrytyng with waxe therunto affyxed redy to be sealed, and that the same testament be laufully proved before the same ordynary before the sealyng, to be (}) trewe hole and last testament of the same testatour in such forme as hath ben comonly accustomed in that behalf: And whan the goodes of the testatour doth amount over and above the deare value of an hundreth shillynges and do nat excede the somme of xL li. sterlyng, that than no bisshop ordynary nor other maner of person or persons what soo ever he or they be, nowe havyng or whiche here after shall have auctoritie to take gbacion or approbacion of any testament or testamentes as is aforesaid, by them self nor any of their said regysters, scribes praysers sommoners apparatours nor any other ther mynisters, for the probacion insynuacyon and approbacyon of any testament or testamentes or for the regystryng sealyng wrytyng, praysyng, makyng of inventuaryes gyvyng of acquitances fynes or any other thyng concemyng the same, shall take or cause to be taken of any person or psons but only thre shylfinges vj d and nat above, wherof to be to the said bisshop or ordynary or to any other person or persons havyng power and auctorite to take the probacion or approbacion of any testament or testamentes for hym and hys mynisters two shillynges and vj d. and nat above, and xij d. resydewe of the said thre shillynges vj d. to be to the scribe for the regystryng of the same: And where the goodes of the testatour or peon or persons so dyeng do amount over and above the clere value of xl. poundes sterlyng, that than the bysshop nor ordynary, nor other pson or persons nowe havynge or which here after shall have auctoritie or power to take the probate of testamentes as is aforsaid, by hym or them self nor any of hys or their said regystres, scribes, praysers, somoners apparatours or any other ther mynisters for the gbacyon insynuacion and approbacyon of any testament or testamentes, or for the regystryng sealyng writyng praysyng makynge of inventuaries fynes, gyvyng of acquitaunces or any thyng concemyng the same probate or testament, shall from the said fyrst day of Aprell take or cause to be taken of any pson or psons but onely fyve shilling^ and nat above, wherof to be to the said bysshopp ordynary or other person havyng power to take the probacion of suche testament or testamentes for hym and his ministers two shillynges vj d. and nat above, and two shillinges vj d. resydue of the said fyve shillynges to be to the scrybe for regystryng of the same, or els the scrybe to be at his lybtie to refuse those ij s. and yj d. and to demaunde and have for wrytyng of every x lynes of the same testament wherof e9y lyne to contevne in length x ynches, j d. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.J And that evy suche bysshop or ordynary, and other person or persons soo havyng or which hereafter shall have auctorytie or power to take or receyve the probacion or approbacion of any testament or testamentes as is above said, their regysters scrybes and mynisters shall approve insynuate seale and regystre from tyme to tyme the said testamentes, and delyver the same [seale *] with the seale of their office to the executour or executours named in any suche testamentes, for the said sdme or sommes abovesaid, and in maner and fourme as is above rehersed to' delyver yt with convenyent spede without any frustratory delay.

And in case any pson dye intestate, or that the executours named in any such testamentes refuse to prove the said testament, than the said ordynary, or other person or persons havyng auctoritie to take probate of testamentes as is above said, shall graunt the administracion of the goodes of the testatour or person disseased to the wydowe (*) or to the next of his kyn or to both, as by the discrecion of the same ordynary shalbe thought good, taking suerty of hym or them to whome shalbe made suche concussion for trew administracion of the goodes cattels and dettes which he or they shalbe so auctorised to mynyster: {Rep., 20 & 21 Vict. c. 77. s. 80.J And in case where dy9s persons clame the administracion as next of kyn, which be egall in degree of kynred to the testatour or person deceased, and where any person onely desyreth the administracion as * 8

1 the printed copies. 2 sealed modem printed copies.

8 of the same person deceased printed copies.

Fees for probates where the effects exceed £5. and do not exceed £40.

Where the effects exceed £40.

Probates shall be delivered without delay.

XL

To what persons administration of effects of intestates, &c. shall be granted by ordinaries.

382

21 Henry VIII. c. 5.

A.D. 1529.

I

Exhibiting of inventories by executors, &c.

Ordinaries shall receive such inventories.

V.

Penalty upon ordinary, &c. taking undue fees, the money taken, and £10.

Recovery, &c. of penalties.

next of kynne, where in dede dy9s persons (x) in eqnalite of kynred as is aforesaid, than in e9y such case the ordynary to be at [is 2] eleccion and lifetie to accept any one or mo makyng request, where dy9s do requyre the adminia-tracion; or where but one, or more of them and not all beyng in eqnalite of degree, [to *] make request, than the ordynarye to admytt the wydowe and hym or them onely makyng request or any one of them at his pleasure, takyng nothyng for the same, onles the goodes of the person so deceased amount above the value or some of an hundreth shillynges; and in case the goodes of the pson soo deceased amount above the value of an hundreth shillynges and nat above the value or some of xl. ti, than the said bysshop ordynary or other person or psons so [havyng auctoritie to take pbate of testamentes as is aforsaid their ministers or officers shall take onely two shillynges yj d. sterlyng and not above: And that the executour and exe-cutours named by the testatour or person soo deceased or such other person or persons to whom such admynystracion shalbe comytted where any pson dyeth intestate or by way of [instate 4], callynge or takyng to hym or them such pson or psons two at the least to whome the said persons soo dyeng was indetted or made any legacye, and upon their refusell or absence twoo other honest psons beyng nexte of kynne to the person soo dyeng, and in their defaute or absence two other honest persons, and in their psens and by ther discrecions, shall make or cause to be made a trewe and perfyte inventory of all the goodes catells wares marchaundyses as well movable as nott movable whatsoever, that were of the said person soo deceased, and the same sail cause to be indented, wherof the one part shalbe by the said executour or executours administratour or administratours, upon his or their othe or othes to be taken before the said bysshops or ordynaries their officials or comyssionaries or other persons havyng power to take probate of testamentes, upon the Holy Evan-gelyst, (5) to be good and trewe; and the same one parte [entended6] shall Psent and delyver in to the keppyng of the said bysshop ordynary or ordy-naryes or other person havyng power to take probate of testamentes, and the other parte thereof to remayne with the said executour or executours admy-nystratour or administratours; and that no bysshop ordynary or other what so ever person havyng auctoritie to take probate of testament or testamentes as is above said upon the payne in this estatute herafter conteyned, refuse to take any such inventory or inventories to hym or them psented or tended to be delyvered as is aforsaid.

#*#* And it is enacted that e9y bysshop ordynary archdeken channcellour comyssary offycyal, and other person and persons havyng or the whiche herafter shall have auctoritie to take probate of testamentes, their regystere, scribes, praisers, somoners, apparatours, and all other theyr ministers what soo ever they be, that shall doo or attempt or cause to be done and attempted agaynst this Acte or ordynaunce in any thyng, shall forfeyte and lose for every tyme so offendyng to the gtye greved in that behalf so moch money as any suche person abovesaid shall take contrary© to this psent Acte; and over that, shall lose and forfyte xli. sterlyng, wherof the one moyte shalbe to the Kyng

1 be printed copies. 2 his printed copies. 3 do printed copies.

4 intestate printed copies. 6 The word * declared * seems wanting here.

6 indented printed copies.

AJ). 1529. 21 Henry VIIL a 5, 6. 883

oure soveraigne lorde and the other moyte to the partie graved ia that behalf that wyll sue by accion of dett byll informaoion or otherwise iu any of the Kynges courtes for the recovere of the same, in whioh aooion no esBone protection nor wager of lawe shalbe admitted or olowed; and that e9y of the same bysshops & other psons whioh shall her after inourra and fell into the danngers of such penaltie or forfeyture shalbe charged onoly [by'] hymself and none of them to be chargeable to the penoltye for others ofieuoe.

Provyded alwey that this Acte be nat pjudiciall to any ordynary, or any other pson which now have or hereafter shall have auctorite for pbato of testamentes, but that e9y of them shall may convent before them all and evy pson or persons made and named executour or executours of any testament, to the intent to prove or refuse the testament or testamentes of ther testatour or testatours, and to brynge in inventories, and to do every other thyng conSnyng the same, as they myght do before tho makyng of this Acte; so that always any such ordynary or other person or persons havyng such auctoritie by them self their comissaryes scribes regystras or other ministers aforsaid shall nat in any wyse take for the same above the fees lymytted by this Acte, ne in any wyse attempts any thing contrary to any parte of the same Acte.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte conSninge the takings of Mortuaries or demaundinge receivings

or dayminge of the same.

T710R AS MOCHE as questyon ambyguyte and doute is chaunced and rysen upon the ordre maner and fourme of demaundyng receyvyng and daymyng of mortuaries otherwise called corse presentee, as well for the greatnes and value of the same which as hath ben lately taken is thought over excessyve to the pore people and other persons of this realme, as also for that suche mortuaries or corse presentes have been demaunded and levyed for such as at the tyme of their deth have had no propart in any goodes or cattels, and many tymes for wayfitryng travelyng men in the places where they have fortuned to dye; to the entent that all dout contencyon and in&taynte herein may be removed, and as well the generalyte of the Kynges people therm remedyed, as also the persons vycare paiyssbe prestes curates and other havyng infest in such mortuaries and cone presentes indyfferentlly provyded for: Be yt therfbr enacted ordeyned and established by the Kyng our soveraigne lorde the lordes spirituall and temporall and the comons of this Parliament assembled and by anctorite of the same, that from the fyret day of Aprell in the yere of oure Lorde M VC «i no person vycar, curate nor pariashe prest ne any other spuall pson nor their fennoure baylyfff nor leases shall take receyve or demaunde of any pson or psons within tins realme, for any person or persons dyeng within the same, any maner mortuary or corse present ne any some or aonunes of money ne any other thing for the same more than is hersfter mencyoned: Ne also shall convent or call any person or persons before any judge spuall for the recovere of any such mortuaries or corse presentes or any other thyng for the same; more than is berafier mencyoned; upon payne to forfeyte for every tyme so demaundyngreceyvyitg

VI.

OnllnariM m*jr oonYontttxoou* for* to prove will*, Ito.

Doubt*

mortuwiM, Ito.

Vo panon, vies r, Itc «k*JI

lake for a tuary mont than * htttcbf

FouVf.

384

21 Henry VIII. c. 6.

A.D. 1529.

n.

No mortuary where effects are less than 10 marks; nor except where usual; nor more than one.

Amount of mortuaries; viz. 3 8.4 d;

6 s. 8d; or 10s. at most.

n l

No mortuaries for femes covert,children, &c.

Mortuaries of travellers.

IV.

Legacies to parsons, vicars, &c. valid.

V.

No mortuaries in Wales, except by custom; and. then under this

takyng or conventyng or callyng any snche person or persons before any spuall judge so moche in value as they shall take above the some lymytted by this Acte, and over that xl s. to the ptie greved contrary to this Acte; for the whiche forfeyture the partie so greved contrary to this Acte shall have [andJ] accion of det by writ byll playnt or informacion in any of the Kynges courtes wherin no wager of lawe esson nor protection shalbe alowed.

Ftrst it is ordeyned establisshed and enacted that no maner of mortuary shalbe taken or demaunded of any pson what soo ever he be, which at the tyme of his deth hath in movable goodes under the value of x marke. Also that no mortuary shall be gyven asked or demaunded from hensforth of any maner person but only in such place where heretofore mortuaries have ben used to be payed and gyven, and in those places non otherwise but after the rate and fourme hereafter mencioned; ne that any person pay mortuaryes in more places than one that is to saye, in the place of their moost dwellyng and habitacion and there but one mortuary: Nor no person vicar curate parisshe prest or other shall for any person dyeng or dede and beyng at the tyme of his deth of the value in moveable goodes of x marke or more clerely above his dettes payed, and under the some of xxx K. take for a mortuary above thre shillynges and foure pence in the hole: And for a person dyeng or dede beyng at the tyme of his deth of the value of xxx li-or above clerly above his dettes payed in movable goodes, and under the value of [xxx li. ther shall no more be taken or demaunded for a mortuary than vj s. viij d. in the hole; and for any person dyeng or ded beyng at the tyme of his deth of the value in movable goodes of xl ti. or above to any some what soo ever yt be clerely above his dettes payed, ther shall be no more taken paied or demaunded for a mortuary than x s. in the hole.

Pbovyded alway that for no woman beyng covert baron, nor chylde, ne for any person nat kepyng house any maner mortuary be payd; ne that any person vycar curate parysshe preest or other aske demaunde or take for any such woman, chyld, or for any person nat kepyng house dyeng or ded, any maner thyng or money by waye of mortuary; ne also for any wayfaryng man or other that dwelleth nat ne makyth resydence in that place where they shall happen to dey, but that the mortuary of such wayfaryng persons be answerable, in places where mortuaries be accustomed to be payed and in maner and fourme and after the rate before mencyoned and none other wise, in the place or places where suche wayfaryng persons at the tyme of ther deth had theyr moost habitacyon house & dwellyng places and no where els.

Pbovyded alway that it shalbe lefull to all maner of persons vycars curates parysshe preestes and other spuall persons to take and receyve any maner some of money or other thyng which by any person dyeng shall fortune to be dysposed gyven or bequethed unto them or any of them, or to the high aulter of the church; this Acte or any thyng therin mencyoned natwithstondyng.

And be it also enacted by the auctoritie aforsaid that no mortuaries nor corse psentes, ne any somme or sommes of money or other thyng for any mortuary or corse present, shalbe demaunded taken receyved or had in the parties of Wales nor in the marches of the Same, nor in the towne of Caleys or

21 Henry YIII. a 6,19.

385

Barwyke nor marches of the same; but onely in suche parties and places of in

Waleys marches and townes aforsaid -where mortuaries hath ben accustomed Berwick, to be taken and payd; and in those parties and places no mortuaries nor corse presentes ne any other thyng for mortuary or corse present from hensforth shalbe demaunded taken receyved or had but only after the fourme order and maner above specyfyed in this psent Acte and none other wyse, ne of any other person or persons than is lymytted by this present Acte, upon the payne above conteyned in this present Acte.

Provyded also that in such places where mortuaries have ben accustomed to be taken of lesse value than is aforesayd that no person shalbe compelled to pay in any such place any other mortuary, or more for any mortuary than hath ben accustomed; ne that any mortuary in such place shalbe demaunded taken receyved or had of any person or persons exempte by this Acte, nor in any wyse contrary to this Acte upon t« payne afore lymytted.

vn.

Custom to take less mortuaries continued.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte conSninge Avouries.

\\l HERE as well the noble men of thys realme as dyvers other persons, by Tenants of fines recovereys grauntes and secrete feoffementes and leases made by* their tenauntes to persons unknowen of the landes and tenementes holden of reason of secret them, have ben put from the knowlege of their tenauntes upon whom© they conveyftnce8: Bhulde by ordre of the lawe make theyr avowryes for their rentes customes and §vyces, to their great losses and hynderaunces; be tt therefore enacted Landlords, &c. estahlysshed and ordeyned by auctorite of this psent Parliament, that where ^Sltomi, soever any maner landes tenementes or other heredytamentes be holden of and services, any maner person or persons by rentes customes or 8vyces, that yf the lorde of Se^mtmmg whome any suche maner landes tenementes or heredytamentes be so holden, dystrayn upon the same maners lands or tenementes for any suche rentes customes or servyces and replevyne therof be sued, that the lorde of whome the same londes tenementes or heredytamentes (1) so holden may avowe or his baylyffe or servaunt make conysaunce or justify© for takyng of the said dystresses upon the same landes tentes or hereditamentes so holden, as in landes or tenementes within his [see 2] or seygnorye, alegyng in the said avowrye conysaunce and justification the same maners landes and tenementes to be holden of hym, without namyng of any person Steyn to be tenauntes of the same, and without makyng any avowrie justificacion or conysaunce upon any person certeyne; and lykewyse the lorde bayly or servaunt to make avowrye justificadone or conysaunce in lyke maner and forme upon every wrytt sued of seconde delyveraunce.

AlNB Also be it enacted by the said auctorite that every avow&unt and H every other pson or persones that make any such avowrie justyfycacyon or conysaunce as bayly or servaunt to any person or psons in any replegiare or dmnjigct and seconde delyveraunce, for rentes customes servyces or for damage fesaunt or co#t# of other rent or rentes upon any dystresse taken in any landes or tenementes, yf

BB

386

21 Henky VIII. c. 19, 20.

A.D. 1529.

m.

Flea and aid-prayer as at common law.

IV. Joinder in aid as at common law.

Recital of Statute 3 Henry VII. o.l.

the same avowrie conysaunce or justificacion be founde for them, or the playntyffes in the same be non sute or otherwyse barred, that than they shall recover their damages and costes agaynst the said playntyffes as the same playntyffes shuld have done or had yf they had recovered in the replegare or seconde delyverannce founde agaynst the said defendauntes.

And be it also ordeyned that the said playntyffes and defendauntes in the said wryttes of replegiare or writtes of seconde dely veraunce and in e?y of them shall have lyke plees and lyke ayde prayers in all such avowryes cony-saunces and justificacions, plees of dysclafl onely excepte, as they myght have had before the makyng of thys Acte, and as though the said avowrye conysanc or justificacion had ben made after the due ordre of the comon lawe.

And it is further enacted by the said auctorite that all suche persons as by the ordre of the comon lawe may laufully joyne to the playntyffes or defendauntf in the said wryttes of replegiare or seconde delyveraunce, as well without processe as by processe, shall from hensforth joyne unto the said playntyffes or defendauntes aswell without processe [ or1 ] by gcesse, and to have lyke plees and lyke avauntages in all thyngf, dysclamer only excepte, as they might have done by the ordre of the oomon lawe before the makyng of thys Acte.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte that the psidente of the Kynges Counsaile shalbe associate with the Chauncellor and Treasourer of Englonde and the Keper of the Kinges Privie Seale.

WHERE at a Parliament holden at Westmynster in the thyrde yere of the raigneof our late moost dred soveraigne lord Kyng Henry the vij, for as moche as by the unlawfull mayntenaunces gyvyng of lyvereys signes tokens and retaynders by endentures promyses othes wrytynges or otherwyse enbraceryes of hys subjected untrewe demeanyng of sheryffes in makyng of panels, and other untrewe retomes, by takyng of money by juryes, and great ryottes and unlawfull assembles, the polecy and good [ruler 2] of this realme was almoste subdued: And for the punysshement of these inconvenyences by the accasyon of the P my sees nothyng or lytell myght be founde by enquyry, wherby the lawes of the landes in execucyon myght take lytell effecte, whiche was to thencrease of murders robyryes pjuries and unsuerties of all men lyvyng and losses of their landes and goodes, to the great dyspleasure of Almyghty God: For reformacyon of which pmysses it was ordeyned and enacted by auctorite of the said Parlyament amongest other thynges, that the chaunceller and tresorer of England for the tyme beynge and the keper of the Kynges pryve seale or two of them callyng to them a bysshop and a temporall lorde of the Kynges moost honorable councell and the two chefe justices of the Kynges Benche and the Comon Place of the tyme beyng, or other two justices in their absence, upon byll or infonnacyon put to the said chaunceller for the Kyng or any other agaynst any person for any mysbehavynge afore rehersed, shuld have auctoritie to call before them by wrytt or by pryve seale the said mysdoers, and they and other by their discression by whome file trowthe myght be knowen to examyn, and such as they shulde fynde defectyve to punysshe them after their demerytes after the forme and effecte of statutes therof made, in lyke maner and forme as they shulde and ought to be punysshed yf they *were therof convycted after the due order of the lawe, as by file same statute among other thynges now playnly doth appere: Neverthelesse in the same good and pfytable estatute the f)sydent of the Kynges moost honorable councell for the tyme beyng attendyng upon his most noble and ryall person ys omytted, and

21 Henry VIII. c. 20.

387

nat named in the said forroor statutes made in the tlired' yere of the reigne of Kyug Henry the vij to be one of the said persons that shulde have auctorite to call before them sucbe mysdoers so offendyng the Kynges lawes in any of the Pmysses as is before rehersed. Be yt therfore nowe by the auctorite of this psent Parliament ordeyned and enacted, that from hensforth the chaunceller tresorer of England and the psedent of the Kynges moost honorable councell attendyng upon his moostc honorable person for the tyme beyng, and the keper of the Kynges pryve seale or two of them, callynge unto them one bysshop and one temporall lorde of the Kynges moost honorable councell and the two chefe justices of the Kynges Benche and the Comon Place for the tyme beyng, or other two of the Kynges justices in their absence, upon any bill or informacyon hereafter to be put in, the chaunceller of England, trea-sorer, presydent of the Kynges seyd moost honorable councell or keper of the Kynges pryve seale for the tyme beyng, for any mysbehavyng before rehersed, from hensforth have full power and auctorite to call before them by wrytt [of*] pryve seale suche mysdoers and them and other by their discression by whome the trouihe may be knowen to examyn, and suche as they shall fynde defectyvo to punysshe them after their demerytes after the forme and effecte of the said former cstatute and of all other estatutes therof tofore made and nat repelled nor expyred, in lyke maner and forme as they shulde and ought to be punysshed yf they were therof convycted after the due ordre in the Kynges lawes. {Sect. 1. rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.J And also be yt enacted by auctorite of this psent Parliament that the said presydent of the Kynges sayd moost honorable counsell for the tyme beyng, yf he be than presente, may be at all tymes hereafter assocyate with the chaunceller tresourer of England and keper of the Kynges pryve seale for the tyme beyng, aswell at the namyng of sheryffes and settynges of pryces of wynes, as at all other actes lymytted and appoynted by any statute to be done by the said chaunceller and tresourer or keper of the Kynges pryve seale for the tyme beyng: any Acte statute or use heretofore made or used to the contrary natwithstandyng.

The president of the King's council shall he associate with the chancellor, &c. in executing the said recited Act.

n.

The said president shall likewise be associated in naming the

sheriffs, &c.

22 HENRY VIII. A.D. 1530-1.

tiff Botuio $3arltammtt hr anno rtgm Rejjfe Untrttf (Detain, £Jifc3tmo Sccunho.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BY PROROGATION at Westminster, on the Sixteenth Day of January,

In thb TWENTY-SECOND Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIII.

CHAPTER IY.

An Acte conSnyng the avoydyng of Exaccyons levyed upon Prentyses. fAT THE PRAIER of the comons in this psent Parliament assembled, Recital of

resityng *] that where it was establisshed and enacted in the xix^1 yere i^Hen. vn. of our late so9eign lord Kyng Henry the vip* that no maister wardens and c. 7. fellowship of craftes or any of them nor any rulers of guyldes or fratnyties 1 2

1 or printed copies.

2 Prayng the comons in thys Psent Parliament assemblyde 0.

B B

2

388

22 Henry VIII. c. 4, 5.

A.D. 1530-1.

Evasion

thereof;

fees to companies on entries of apprentices or freemen.

take upon them to m&ke any actes or ordinaunces, ne to execute any actes or ordynaunces by them here afore made or here after to be made in disinheri-taunce or dimynicion of the progaty ve of the Kyng, nor of other, nor agaynst the comon pfitte of the people, but if the same actes or ordinaunces be examyned or approved by the ehauncellour treasorer of England or chiefe justice of either benche or iij of them or before the justices of assise in their circuite or pgresse in the shire, where suche actes or ordenaunces be made, upon payne of forfeyture of xl li. for e9y tyme that they doo the contrarie as more playnly in the said Acte dotbe appere; sithe whiche tyme dyveis wardens and felowshippes have made actes and ordenaunces that e9y prentice shall paye at his firste entre in their comon halle to the wardens of the same fellowshipp, some of them xl s. some xxx s. some xx s. some xiij s. iiij d. some vj s. viij d. some iij s. iiij d. after their owne senester myndes and pleasure contarie the menyng of the Acte aforesayd and to the great hurte of the Kynges true subjectes puttynge their childe to be prentyse; [it is therfore nowe l] ordeyned establisshed and enacted by the Kynge our so9eign lorde by thad-vyse of the lordes spirituall and temporall and of the comons in this psente Parliament assembled and by the auctoritie of the same, that no mayster wardens or fellowshippes of craftes or maisters or any of them, nor any rulers of fra?nyties take fromhensforth of any aprentise or of any other pson or psones for the entre of any prentise into their said fellowship above the some of ij s. vj d. nor for his entre when his yeres and terme is expired and ended above iij s. iiij d. apon payne of forfeiture of xl 1L for e9y tyme that they doo to the contrarie, the one halfe to the Kynge oure so9eign lorde the other halfe to the partie that therfore shall sue by action of dett, informacion, or otherwise; and that in the action aforesaid no ptecdon or essoyne shalbe alowed.

CHAPTER V.

Justices of peace may enquire of repairs of bridges and award process against offenders.

n.

For ascertaining what persons shall be

An Acte conSnyng the amendement of Bridge in Highe Wayes.

BE it enacted by the Kynge our so9aign lorde and the lordes spirituall and temporall and the commons in this psente Parliament assembled and by auctoritie of the same, that the justices of the peace in e9y shire of this realme, franchise, citie, or borough or iiij of them at the leste wherof one to be of the quog shall have power and auctoritie to enquire, here and determyne in the Kynges geSall cessions of peace of all ma9 of anoysances of bridges broken in the highe wayes to the damage of the Kynges liege people; and to make suche pees and paynes upon every psentmente afore them for the re-formacion of the same, agayne suche as owen to be charged for the m&kynge or amendynge of suche bridges as the Kynges justices of his benche use comonly to doo, or as it shall seme by their discrecion to be necessarye and convenyent for the spedy amendement of suche brydges.

And where in many partes of this realme it can not be knowen and proved, what hundrede, riddynge, wapentake, citie, borough, towne, or parisshe, nor what psone certayne or body politique ought of right to make suche bridges

1 be yt therfor 0.

22 Henry VIIL c. 5.

389

decayed, by reason© wherof snche decayed bridges for lacke of knowlege of liable to the guche as owen to make them for the mooste parte lyen longe withoute any bridged amendement, to the greate anoyaunce of the Kynges subjectes; for the remedy therof be it enacted by auctoritie aforesaid that in e9y suche case the said bridges if they be without citie or towne corporatt shalbe made by then-habitauntes of the shire or riddynge within the which the said biydge decayed shall happen to be: And yf it be within any citie or towne corporat, than by the inhabitauntes of e9y such citie or towne corporat wherin suche brydges shall happen to be; and if parte of any suche bridges so decayed happen to be in one shire, ryddynge, citie, or towne corporat, and the other parte thereof in another shire, ryddynge, citie, or towne corporat, or yf parte be within the lymyttes of any citie or towne corporate and parte without, or parte within one riddynge and parte within another, that then in e9y suche case the inhabitauntf of the shires ryddynges, cyties, or townes corporate shalbe charged and chargeable to amende make and repayer suche parte and porcion of suche brydges so decayed as shall lye and be within the lymyttes of the shire, riddynge, citie, or towne corporate wherin they be inhabited at the tyme of the same decayes.

And be it farther enacted That in e9y suche case, where it cannot be in. knowen and gved what psons landes tenement^ and bodyes polytyke owen to make or repayer suche brydges, that for spedy reformacion and amendynge rate inhabitants of suche brydges, the justices of peace within the shires or riddynges wherin jjf *c' suche decayed brydgis ben oute of cityes and townes corporate, and if it be within cityes or townes corporate then the justices of peace within e9y suche cytie or towne corporat or iiij of the said justices at the leaste, wherof one to be of the quog, shall have powar and auctoritie within the lymyttes of their se9all commyssions and auctorities to call before them the constables of e9y towne and parysshe beynge within the shire ryddynge cytie or towne corporate, as well within lifctie as without, wherin such brydges or any par cell therof shall happen to be, or ellf ij of the moste honeste inhabitauntf within e9y suche towne or parysshe in the said shire ryddynge cytie or towne corporate by the discrecyon of the saide justyces of peace or iiij of them at the leaste wherof one to be of the quojs: And at and upon the apparaunce of suche constables or inhabitauntf, the said justices of peace or iiij of them, wherof one to be of the quog, with the assente of the saide constables or inhabytaunt? shall have power and auctoritie to taxe and sette e9y inhabitaunt in any such cytie towne or parysshe within the lymyttes of their commyssions and auctorities to suche reasonable ayde and somme of money as they shall thynke by theyre discrecioDs convenyent and sufficyent for the repayrynge reedefyenge and amendement of suche brydges; and after suche taxacion made, the saide Appointment justices shall cause the names and sommes of e9y particuler psone so by them taxed, to be written in a rolle indented, and shall also have powar and auctorytie to make too collectours of e9y hundrede for colleccion of all suche sommes of money by them sette and taxed; which collectours recey vynge the one parte of the saide rolle indented under the seales of the said justices shall have power and auctoritie to collecte and recey ve all the particuler somes of money therin contayned, and to distreyn e9y suche inhabitaunt as shalbe taxed and refuse payment therof in his landes goodes and catells and to sell suche distresse and of the sale/therof retayne and pceyve all the money taxed,

I

390

22 Henry VIII. c. 5.

A.D. 1530-1.

appointment and the residue (if the distresse be bet?,) to dely9 to the owner thereof; and

of bridge0" ^hat 8811110 justices or iiij of them within the lymyttes of their comyssions

and auctorities shall also have power and anctoritie to name and apoynte ij surveyors which shall se e9y such decayed brydge repayred and amended from tyme to tyme as often as nede shall requyre, to whose handes the saide col-lectours shall paye the said somes of money taxed and by them reoeyved: Such collectors And that the collectours and surveyors and e9y of them and their executoure -SX-o and admynystratours and thexecutours and admynystratours of them and e9y the justices. of them from tyme to tyme shall make a true declaracion and accompte to the justices of peace of the shire, ryddynge, cytie or towne corporate wherin they shalbe appoynted collectours or surveyours or to iiij of the same justices wherof one to be of the quo£ of the receytes paymentes and expences of the said somes of money: And if they or any of them refuse that to doo, that [than1] the same justices of peace or iiij of them from tyme to tyme by theyr discrecyons shall have power and auctoritie to make pcesse agayn the said collectours and surveyours and e9y of them their executours and admynystratours and the executours and admynystratours of e9y of them by attache-mentes under their seales retornable at the geSall cessions of peace, and yf they appere, then to compell them to accompte as is aforsaid, or ellf yf they or any of them refuse that to do [thanto comytte such of them as shall refuse, to warde there to remayn without bayle or maynprise tyll the said declaracion and accompte be truely made.

And where any brydge or bridges lyen in one shire or ryddynge and suche psones inhabytauntf bodyes poly tyke landf or'tentf which owen to be charged to the makynge and amendyng of suche bridges, lyen and abyden in another shire or riddynge, or where suche bridges ben within any citie or towne corporate and the psons inhabytauntf bodies polytike landf or tentf that owen to make or repayre any suche bridges lyen and ben out of the said cities or townes corporate; BE it enacted that in e9y suche case the justices of peace of the shire citie or towne corporate within the which suche decayed bridgis or any parte therof shall happen to be, shall have power to enquyre here and de?myne all suche anoysaunces beyng within the lymittf of their odmyssions or auctorities; and if the anoysaunce be psented, [than1] to make'pcesseinto e9y shire within this realme agayn such as owen to make or amend any suche bridgis so psented before them to be decayed to the anoysaunce and lette of the passage of the Kynges subjectes, and to do farther in e9y behalfe in e9y such case as they mought do by auctoritie of this Acte, in case that the psons or bodyes polytike, landes or tentf which owen to be charged to the amendynge or makynge of such bridges or any parte thereof were in the same shire, ryddynge, citie or towne corporate where such anoysaunce shall happen to be: Service thereof And that all sheryffes and baylyfff of libties and fraunchises shall truely by sheriffs, &c. gerve execufce suche pcesse as shall come to their handes from the said justices of peace afore whom any psentment shall be hadd for any such anoysaunce, accordynge to the tenour and effecte of the said pcesse to them directed, without favour affection or corrupcion, upon payne to make such fyne as shalbe sette upon them or any of them by the discrecion of the said justices.

IV. Justices may send process into other shires against offenders.

1 then O.

A.D. 1530-1.

22 Henry VIII. c. 5.

391

Pbovyded alway that this Acte nor any thynge therin contayned, be not pjudiciall to the lifeties of the v. portes or membres of the same; and for reformacion of anoysaunces of bridges within the said portes and membres, be IT ENACTED by auctoritie of this psente Parlyament that the warden mayres and baylyffes elected and jurates of the same port? and e9y of them, have power and auctoritie to enquire here and de?myne all man! of comon anoysaunces of bridges within the same portes and membres and to make such pcesse paynes taxations and all other thyngf within the same portes and membres as the justices of peace may do in other shires or places out of the same portes by vertue and auctorite of this psent Acte in e9y behalff.

And be it farther enacted by the auctoritie aforsaide that the justices of peace or iiij of them shall have power and auctorite to alowe suche reasonable coetes and charges to the said surveyours and collectours as by their discretion shalbe thought convenyent.

(1) Forasmouch that aibe it bridges decayed were amended and repayred accordyng to the tenour of this Acte, yet ne9 the lesse if spedy remedy for amendment of the wayes next adjoynyng to e9y of thendes of suche bridges showld not be hadd and made, the Kyngf subjectes shuld take lytle or none avayle or comodyte in many parties of this realme by the makyng of the bridgis; in consideration wherof be it enacted by the Kyng our so9eign lorde and the lordes spirituall and temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by auctorite of the same, that suche parte and portion of the high wayes in e9y part of this realme aswell within franchise as without as lye next adjoynyng to any endes of any bridges within this realme distaunt from any of the said endes by the space of CCC fote, be made repayred and amended as often as nede shall requyre: And that the justices of the peace in e9y shire of this realme franchese titie or borough or iiij of them at the leste, wherof one to be of the quog, within the lymyttes of their comys-sions and auctorities shall have'power & auctorite to enquire here and de?myne in the Kingf gefiall cessions of peace, all maS of anoysaunces of and in suche hye wayes so beyng and lyeng next adjoynyng to any endes of brydges within this realme, distante from any one of the endes of such bridges CCC fote, and to do in e9y thyng and thynges conSnyng the makyng repayryng and amendyng of suche high wayes and e9y of them, in as large and ample mafi as they mought and may do, to and for the makynge repayrynge and amendyng of bridges by 9tue and auctorite of this psent Acte.

(1) The following clause is in a schedule annexed to this Act.

r

9

V.

For repair of bridges within the cinque ports.

VI. Allowances to surveyors, &c.

vn.

Provision for repairing of the highways at the ends of bridges.

23 HENRY Yin. A.D. 1531-2.

Commissions of sewers shall be issued by the lord chancellor, &c.

Form of such commissions.

S92

A.D. 1531-2.

<&X Rottito parliament! be anno regnl ftegtt ^eirnci #rtatu, Wtregimo tertfo.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BY Prorogation at Westminster, on the Fifteenth Day of January, In the TWENTY-THIRD Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VHI.

CHAPTER V.

A gefiall Acte conSnynge Comissions of Sewers to be directed in all partf

within this Realme.

/^iUR soveraynge lorde the King, like a 9tuouse and mooste gracious Prince

nothing ertbly sohighlye weyengas the avauncynge of the common pfitte

welthe and comoditie of this his realme, considering the daylye greate damages

and losses whiche have happened in many and di9s parties of this his said

realme, as well by reason of the outragions flouyng surges and course of the

see in and upon fisshe groundes and other lowe places, heretofore through

politik wisedome wonne and made gfitable for the greate comon welthe of

this realme, as also by occasion of lande waters and other outragious springes

in and upon medowes pastures and other lowe groundes adjoynyng to ryvere

fluddes and other water courses, and o9 that by and throughe milles mil*

dammes weres fisshegarthes kedels gores gootes [fiildgatesl] lockes and other

impediment^ in and upon the same ryvers and other water courses, to the

inestimable damages of the comon welth of this realme, which daily is likely

more and more to increase onelesse spedye redresse and remedy be in this

behalve shortly pvyded, wherin albeit that dy9s and many p visions have ben

before this tyme made and ordeyned, yet none of them arr sufficient remedye

for reformacion of the pmisses; hath therfore by deliberate advyse and assent

of his lordes spuall and temporall and also his loving cdmons in this pseat

Parliament assembled ordeyned establisshed and enacted, that comissions of

sewers and other the pmisses shalbe directed in all parties within this

realme from tyme to tyme where and whan nede shall require according to

the maner fourme tenure and effecte hereafter ensuyng, to suche substaunciall

and indifferent personnes as shalbe named by the lorde chauncellor and lorde

tresaurer of England, and the two chieffe justices for the tyme beyng, or by

thre of them wherof the lorde chauncellour to be one.


Henry the viij &c. Knowe ye that forasmoche a3 the walles diches bankes guttures sewers gootes calceis bridges stremes and other defenses by the costes of the see and marsshe grounde lieng and beyng within the limittes of A. B. or C. in the countie or counties of or in the borders or confynes

of the same, by rage of the see flowyng and reflowyng and by mean© of the trenches of fresshe waters discending and having course by dy9s wayes to the see, be so diruppte lacerate and broken, and also the comon passages for shippes balengers and botes in the rivers streames and other fluddes within the limittes of A. B. or C. in the countie or counties of or in the Were

4

1 fludgatf O.

AJ). 1531-2.

23 Henry VIII. c. 5.

393

or confynes of the same, by meane of setting up erecting and making of stremes milnes bridges pondes fisshe garthes mildammes lokkes hebbyng weares heckes and fludgates or other like lettes impedimentes or anoysaunces be letted and interrupted, so that greate and inestimable damage for defaulte of repacion of the said walles dichee bankes fenses sewers gootes guttures calceis bridges and streames, and also by meane of setting upp erecting making and enlarging of the said fisshegarthes myldammes lokkes hebbynge weares heckes fludgatf and other lyke anoysaunces in tymes past hath happened, and yet is to be feared that farre gretter hurts losse and damage is like to ensue onelesse that spedie remedie be pvyded in that behalve: We therfore for that by reason of our dignitie and progatyve roiall we be bounds to pvyde for the saftie and pservacion of our realme of England, willing that spedye remedy be hadd in the pmisses, have assigned you and syxe of you of the which Q) woll that A. B. and C. shalbe thre, to be our justices to survey the said walles stremes diches bankes gutters sewers gootes calceis bridges trenches mylls myldammes fludgates pondes lokes hebbing weres and other impedimentes lettes and anoysaunces aforesaid, and the same cause to be made corrected repayred amended putt downe or refourmed as case shall require after your wisdomes and discretions; and therin aswell to ordeyne and doo after the fourme tenure and effecte of all and singuler the estatutf and ordnaunces made before the firste day of Marche the xxiii yere of our reigne touching the pmisses or any of theym, as also to enquire by the othes of the honest and lawftil men of the said shire or shires place or places where suche defaultes or anoysaunces be, aswell within the lifeties as without by whome the trouthe may the rather be knowen, through whose defaulte the said hurtes and damages have happened and who hath or holdeth any landes or tenementes or comon of pasture or gfite of fisshing or hath or may have any hurte losse or disadvauntage by any maner of meanes in the said places, as well nere to the said daungers lettes and impedimentes as [inhitinge *] or dwelling there aboutf by the said walles diches bankes gut?es gootes sewers trenches and other the said impedimentes & anoysaunces; and all those psonnes and e9y of them to taxe assesse charge distreyne and punysshe, as well within the metes limites and boundes of olde tyme accustomed or otherwise as els where within our realme of Englonde, after the quantitie of their landes tenementes and rentes by the nombre of acres and perches after the rate of e9ypsons porcion tenure or pfitte, or after the quantie of ther comon of pasture or pfitte of fysshing or other commodities there, by suche waies and meanes and in suche maner and fourme as to you or vj of you wherof the said A. B. and C. to be thre, shall seme moste convenient to be ordeyned and don for redresse and reformacion to be had in the pmisses: And also to refourme repayre and amende the said walles diches bankes gutters sewers gootes calceis bridges streames and other the pmisses in all places nedefull, and the same as often and where nede shalbe to make newe, and to dense and purge the trenches sewers and diches in all places necessarie, and further to refourme amende pstrate and o9throwe all suche mylles streames pondes lockes fisshegarthes hebbyng weres and other impedimentes and anoysaunces aforsaid, as shalbe founde by inquisicion or by your surveyeng and discretions to be excessyve or hurtfull; and also to depute and assigne diligent feithfull and trewe kepers bailiffes surveyors collectours expenditours and other

1 we 0.

2 inhabityng O.

394

23 Henry VIII a 5.

A.D. 1531-i

mynisters and officers for the savetie conservacion repacion reformacion and makyng of the pmisses and e9y of theym, and to here the accompte of the collectours and other ministres of and for the receyte and leyng oute of the money that shalbe levyed and payed in and aboute the making repayring refourmyng and amending of the said walles diches bankes gutters gootes sewers calceis bridges streames trenches milles poundes lockes fishgarthes flud-gates and other impedimentes and anoysaunces aforesaid, and to distreyne for the arrerages of e9y suche colleocion taxe or assesse as often as shalbe expedient, or otherwise to punysshe the dettours and deteynours of the same by fynes aflciamentes peynes or other like meanes after your good discrescions; and also to arrest and take as manny cartes horses oxen beastes and other instruments necessarie and as many workemen and laborers as for the said workes and repacions shall suffice, payeng for the same competent wages salarie and stipend in that behalve; and also take suche and as many trees woddes underwoodes and tymbre and other necessaries as for the same workes and repacions shalbe sufficient at a reasonable price by you or syx of you, of the which we will that A. B. and C. shalbe thre, to be assessed or lymytted aswell within the limittes and boundes aforesaid as in any other place within the said countie or counties nere unto the said places; and to make and ordeyne statutes ordenaunces and pvysions frome tyme to tyme as the case shall require for the savegarde conservacion redresse correction and reformacion of the pmisses and of e9y of theym and the parties lieng to the same necessarie and behovefull, after the lawes and customes of Romney nlsshe in the countie of Rente, or otherwise by any wayes or meanes afteyr your owne wisedomes and discretions; and to here and determyne all and singular the pmisses as well at our suite as at the suite of any other what soe? complaynyng before you or vj of you wherof A. B. & C. shalbe thre, after the lawes and customes aforesaid, or otherwise by any other wayes and meanes after your discretions. And also to make and directe all writtes pceptes warrauntes or other commandementes by vertue of these psentes to all shireffes bailliffes and all other ministres officers and other psonnes aswell within lifcties as withoute before you or syx of you, wherof the said A. B. and C. to be thre, at Stayne dayes termes and places to be pfixed to be retorned and recey ved, and further to continue the gcesse of the same: And fynally to do all and e9y thing and thynges as shalbe requisite for the due execution of the pmissez by all waies and meanes after your discretions. And therfore we commaunde you that at Stayne dayes and places whan and where ye or syxe of you wherof the said A. B. and C. to be thre shall thinke expedient, ye do survey the said walles fenses diches bankes gutters gotes sewerc calceis pondes brigges ryvers streames watercourses mylnes lockes trendies fisshegarthes fludgates and other the lettes impedimentes and anoysaunces aforesaid, and accomplisshe fulfyll here and de?mine all and singuler the pmisses in due fourme and to theffecte aforesaid after your good discretions; and all suche as ye shall fynde negligent gaynsayeng or rebelling in the said workes repacions or reformation of the pmisses, or negligent in the due execution of this our comission, that ye do compell them by distresse fynes and afick-mentes or by other punysshementes waies or meanes which to you or syxe of you, wherof the said A. B. & C. shalbe thre, shall seme moste expedient, for the spedye remedie redresse and reformacion of the pmisses and due execution of the same; and all suche thinges as by you shalbe made and ordeyned in

A.D. 1531-2.

23 Henry VIII. a 5.

395

this behalve, aswell within liftties as without, that ye do cause the same firmely to be observed, doyng therin as to our justices apperteyneth after the lawes and statutes of this oure realme and according to your wisedomes and discrecions. Saved alwaies to us suche fynes and aflciamentes as to us therof shall belonge; and we also commande our shireff or shireffes of our said countie or counties of that they shall cause to come before you

or vj of you, of the which A. B. and C. shalbe there, at suche daies and places as ye shall appoynte to theym, suche arid as many honest men of his or thir bailiwik aswell within the liftties as without by whome the trouth may beste be knowen, to enquire of the pmisses; commaunding also all other ministres and officers as well within lifttie as without, that they and e9y of them shalbe attendaunt to you in and about the due execucion of this our comission. In witnesse wherof we have caused these our letters patentes to be made. Witnesse ourself at Westm the day of in the

yere of our reigne.

And it is also enacted that e9y suche psonne as shalbe named commissioner in the said cdraission, after he hath knowledge therof, shall effectually putt his diligence and attendance in and aboute the execucion of the said cSmis-sion; and before he shall take upon hym the execucion of the said comission he shall take a corporall othe before the lorde chauncellour, or before suche to whome the said lorde chauncellour shall directe the Kinges writte of dedim9 potestatem to take the same, or before the justices of the peace in the quarter sessions holden in the shire where suche c5mission shalbe directed, the tenor of which othe hereafter ensueth:

Y E shall swere that you to your connyng witte and power shall truely and indifferently execute the authoritie to you yoven by this comission of sewers, without any favour affeccion corrupcion dreade or malice to be borne to any maner psonne or psonnes, and as the case shall require ye shall consent and endevo* your selffe for your parte to the best of your knowlege and power to the making of suche holsome juste equall and indifferent lawes and ordynaunces as shalbe made and devysed by the moste discrete and indifferent nombre of your felowes beyng in comission with you, for the due redresse reformacion and amendement of all and e9y suche thinges as ar conteyned and specified in the said comission, and the same lawes and ordynaunces to your connyng witte and power cause to be put in due execucion without favour mede drede malice or affeccion, as God you helpe and all seintes.

And it is also enacted by the auctoritie aforesaid that all and every estatute Acte and ordenaunce heretofore made conSnyng the pmisses or any of them, aswell in the tyme of oure so9aigne lorde the Kinge that nowe is as in the tyme of any of his pgenitours Kinges of this realme of England, not beyng contrarie to this psente Acte nor heretofore repealed, frome hensforth shall stnnde and be good and effectuall for e9 and to be put in due execucion according to the true meanyng and purportes of the same.

And over that be it enacted that the comissioners hereafter to be named in any of the said comissions, accordyng to the purport and effect of the same corayssions, have full power and auctoritie to make constitute and ordeyne lawes ordenaunces and decrees; and further to doo all and e9y thing mencioned in the said cdmission according to the purports effecte wordes and trewe

n.

Commissioners shall be sworn.

Their oath.

m.

Former Acts confirmed.

IV.

Commissioners may make laws, &c.

396

23 Henby YIII. c. 6.

AJ>. 1531-2.

Y.

Commissioners may make decrees against persons refusing to pay rates.

VI.

Such laws and decrees shall bind the land.

VII. Penalty upon commissioners acting, not being sworn or qualified.

Defendants in actions under this Act may plead general

meanyng of the same; and the same lawes and ordenannces so made to reforme repelle and amende and make newe frome tyme to tyme as the cases neoessarie shall require in that behalff.

Provyded alway and it is enacted that if any psonne or psonnes beyng assessed or taxed to any [lote*] or charge for any landes tenementes or hereditamentes within the limites of any comission hereafter to be directed, do not pay the said lotte and charge, according to the ordenaunce and assigns ment of the comissioners havyng power of thexecucion of the said comission, by reason wherof it shall happen the said comissioners havyng power of execucion of suche cdmission, for lake of payment of suche lotte and charge, to decree and ordeyne the same londes tentes and hereditamentes frome the owner or owners therof and tbir heires and the heires of e9y of theym, to any psonne or psonnes for ?me of veres terme of liffe in fee symple or in taile for payment of the same lotte and charge, that [than *] e9y suche decree and ordenaunce so by them made, ingrossed in parchement and Stifled under their seales unto the Kynges Courte of Chauncerie [with the Binges roiall assent hadd to the same,8] shall bynde all and e9y psone and psones that at the making of the same decree had eny interest in suche landes tentes or hereditamentes in use possession re9cion or remayndre ther heires and feoffes and e9y of them; and not to be in anywise reformed oneles it be by auctoritie of Parliament hereafter to be somoned and holden within this realme.

And also it is pvided by auctoritie aforesaid that the same lawes ordenannces and decrees, to be made and ordeyned by the said comissioners or syxe of them by auctoritie of the said comission, shall bynde aswell the londes tentes and hereditamentes of the Kinge our so9aigne lorde, as all and e9y other psonne and psonnes and theyr heires for suche their interest as they shall fortune to have or may have in any landes tentes or hereditamentes or other casuall pfitt advauntage or comoditie what soe9 they be, wherunto the said lawes ordenaunces and decrees shall in any wise extende, according to the true prporte meanyng and entent of the same lawes.

And it is furthermore by the auctoritie aforesaid establisshed and enacted that if. any maimer of psonne or psonnes, of what estate or degree soe9 he or they be of, that frome hensforth doth take upon hym or them to sitte by vertue of any of the said comissions not beyng beforae swome in forme as is aforesaid and according to the tenour of the othe afore specefied, or if any psonne so named and sworne doo sitte as is aforesaid not havyng landes and tenementes or other hereditamentes in fee symple fee taile or for terme of liff to the clere yerely value of xL markes above all charges to his owne use, excepte he be reseant and free of any citie borough or town© corporate and have moveable substaunce of the clere value of one hundred poundes, or els be lerned in the lawes of this realme in and conSnyng the same, that is to saye, admitted in one of the foure principall innes of courte for an utter harvester, JRep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.J shall forfaite fourtie poundes for

e9y tyme that he shall attempte so to doo, the one halff therof to be to our so9aigne lorde the Kinge and the other halff therof to the use of hym or theym that will sue therfore by accion of dette bill playnte or information in any of the Kynges courtes, in which accion or suite noo wager of lawe shalbe admitted, nor any essoyne or pteccion shalbe alowed: And if any accion of trespace or other suite shall happen to be attempted ageyne any psone or

1 lott 0. ' 2 then 0.

3 Interlined in the original Act: See § 12, and 14 of this Act.

23 Henry VIII. c. 5.

397

psonnes for taking of any distresse or any other acte doyng by auctoritie of the said comission, or by auctoritie of any lawes or ordenaunces made by vertue of the said c5mission, the defendaunt or defendauntes in any suche accion shall and may make avowrie conysaunce or justificacion for the taking of the same distresse or other acte doyng touching the pmissez or any of them, alleging in suche advourie conisaunce or justification that the said distresse trespas or other acte wherof the pleintiff compleyneth was don by auctoritie of the comission of sewers for lotte or taxe assessed by the said comission, or for such other acte or cause as the said defendaunt did by auctoritie of the said comission, and according to the tenour prporte and effecte of this psent Acte made the xxiii yere of the reigne of (*) so^aigne lorde Kinge Henry the viij. without any expssing or rehersall of any other matter or circumstaunce con-teyned in this psent Acte, or any comission lawes estatutes or ordenaunces theruppon to be made; wheruppon the playntiffe shalbe admitted to replie that the defendaunt did take the said distresse, or do any other acte or trespas supposed in his declaration of his owne wronge, without any suche cause alleged by the said defendaunt, wherupon the issue in e9y suche accion shalbe joyned to be tried by verdicte of xij men and not otherwise, as is accustomed in other psonall accions; and uppon the triall of that issue the holle mattier to be gyven on both parties in evydence according to the very trouthe of the same; and affter suche issue tried for the defendaunte or nonsuite of the playntiffe after apparaunce, the same defendaunt to recover treble damages by reason of his wrongfull vexacion in that behalfe with his costes also in that parte susteyned, and that to be assessed by the same jurie or writte to enquire of damages as the cause shall requyre.

And it is also enacted that e9y of the said comissioners shall have and pceyve iiij s. for e9y daye that they shall take payne in the execucion of this comission of sewers, and one clerke by theym to be assigned two shillinges for e9y day, of the rates taxes lottes and waynes that shalbe assessed or loste by auctoritie of the said comission, and to be levyed and payed by thir discre-cions: And that the said comissioners or syxe of them shall have power and auctoritie to lymyte and assigne of the same rates taxes lottes and waynes by theyr discrecions, suche reasonable sommes of money to the said clerke for writing of bokes and gcesse conSnyng the pmisses, and to the collectours expenditours and suche other as shall take payne in the due execucion of the said comission, as by the discrecions of the said comissioners or yj of them shalbe thought reasonable.

Provyded alway that whan soe9 and as often as suche comission as is afore limited shalbe made and directed to any pson or psonnes for the reformacion and amendement of or in any of the pmisses specified in the said comission within the fees lifeties or possessions of the duchie of Lancastre, that [than8] suche comissoners as shall execute any suche comission shalbe alwayes named and appoynted by the discrecion of the lorde chauncellour and lorde trea-saurer of Englande and the said two chieffe justices of eyther bencbe and the chaunceler of the said duchie for the tyme beyng or thre of them, wherof the said lorde chauncello1 and the chaunceller of the duchie to be two; and that in e9y such case two comissions shalbe awarded and made according to the teno7 of the comission above expssed, one therof under the greate seale of

issue, and make avowry generally, &c.

Treble damages and costs for defendants.

vra.

Allowances to commissioners, their clerks, &c.

IX. Commissions within the duchy of Lancaster.

1 our 0.

2 then 0.

398

23 Henry YIIL c. 5.

A.D. 1531-2.

x.

Fees on

obtaining

commi8sionB.

XL

Continuance of commissions.

xn.

Duration of laws &c. made by the commissioners.

[See § XIV.]

XHL Commissions into Wales, Chester, &c.

XTV. Royal assent to laws made by commissioners.

[See § XIL]

Englande and the other under the seale of the same duchie as before tyme hath ben accustomed; any thing afore rehersed in this psent Acte to the contrarie hereof notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted that the said comissions from tyme to tyme as the case shall require shalbe hadd and opteyned without any money or other charge to be paide for the seales or writing of the same, onelesse it be to the Kinge ij s. vj d. for the seale of e9y c5mission as hath ben accustomed, and for the writing and enrolling of any one cdmission v s. and not above.

And it is further enacted that every comission to be made by auctoritie of this Acte shall endure and continue for the terme of thre yeres next after the teste of the comis-sion; {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.} neverthelesse after any cdmission, made

and delyVed out of the Kioges Courte of Chauncerye, the Kinges Highnes shall alwaies at his pleasoure by his writte of supsedeas oute of his said Courte of Chauncerye at any tyme discharge aswell e9y suche cdmission as e?y comissioner that shalbe made or named by auctoritie of this Acte; after which discharge the said cdmissioners shall have noo power nor auctoritie to pcede in the execucion of thir cdmission nor in any thing by auctoritie of this Acte.

Provyded alwaies that suche lawes actes decrees and ordynaunces as shall happen to be made by the said comissioners, according to the tenour of their comission or by auctoritie of this Acte, shall stande good and effectuall and be put in due execncion so long tyme as their cdmission endureth and no lenger; excepte the said lawes and ordenaunces made and ingrosed in parchement and ctified under the seales of the said comissioners into the Kinges Courte of Chauncerie, and [than *] the Kinges roiall assent be had to the same: Any thinge conteyned in this psent Acte to the contrarie hereof notwithstanding. (2) {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.}

(*) Provided also that whan soe9 and as often as suche comission as is afore limited shall be made and directed to any psone or psonnes, for the reformation and amendement of or in any of the pmisses specified in the said comission within the feez lifeties and possessions of the principalitie of Wales, the countie palantyne of Chester, (4) or within the fees libties and possessions of any other place where there is libtie and jurisdiccion of conntie palantyne, that in e9y suche case two comissions shalbe awarded and made according to the tenor of the cdmission above expssed, one therof under the greate seale of Englande, and the other under the usuall seale of the countie palantyne, in maner and forme as is above provided for the duchie of Lancastre: Any thing afore rehersed in this present Acte to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And it is provyded and also enacted that the roiall assent limited to be had unto the lawes and ordenaunces to be made by the said cdmissioners as is abovesaid, shalbe Stifled into the said Courte of Chauncerie under the Kings privie seale; and that there shall not any somme of money be paid for the same pryvye seale, but for the writing of the same certificate under the said privie seale shalbe paied to the writter therof two shillinges and not above, nor no other nor gretter somme for any thinge touching or conSnyng the same certificate under the same privie seale.

1 then 0.

This Act to endure for twenty yeres. 0. — See end of this Act.

3 This and the succeeding proviso are contained in one schedule annexed to the original Act.

4 and bysshoprycke of Dereham or of Elye in the He of Elie, 0. struck through with a pen.

23 Henry VIII. c. 5, 9.

399

(1) Pbovyded alwaies that the chauncellours and suche other as shali have the custodie of the seales of the said principalitie of Wales or the countie palauntyne of Chestre, or within the fees libties and possessions of any other place where there is lifetie and jurisdiccon of countie palantyne, upon reasonable request and upon the sight of the cdmisaion under the Kinges greate seal© of his Chauncerie, shall without delaye make oute an other comission under the Beale of the said countie palantine, according to the teno7 of the Kinges cdmis-sion to them shewed under his greate seale, and to those comissioners as shalbe named by the lorde chauncellor lorde tresourer and the two chieffe justices or by tbre of them wherof the lorde chauncello1 to be one, except© it be within the fees and libties of the duchie of Lancaster, within which feez and libties the comissioners shalbe named & comissions made as is afore ordeyned by this Acte; any thing conteyned in the said Acte or in any gviso therunto added and annexed to the contary therof notwithstanding.

This Acte to endure for xx yeres. JRep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

XY. Commissions by chancellors, &c. of Wales, Chester, &c.

[See § IX,.

xin.]

Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte that no gsonne shalbe cited oute of the Dioc where he or she dwelleth excepte in Stayne cases.

XTTHERE greate nombre of the Kinges subjectes aswell men wyves Svauntes Evils of undue " as other the Kynges subjectes dwelling in dyvers diocesses of this realm©

of England and of Wales, heretofore have ben at many tymes called by cita- courts , cions and other pcesses compulsaries to appere in the Arches Audience and other high courtes of the archebysshopps of this tfealme, farre frome and oute of the diocese where suche men wifes sv^tes and other the Kynges subjectes ben inbitaunt and dwelling; and many tymes to aunswere to surmysed and feyned causes and suite of defamacion, witholding of tithes and such other like causes and matters which have byn sued more for malice and for vexacion than for any juste cause of suite; and where Stificate hath byn made by the somonor apparito7 or any suche light litteratt pson that the ptie agaynst whome any suche citacion hath ben awarded hath be cited or somoned, and therupon the same partie so Stifled to be cited or somoned hath not appered accordyng to the certificate, the same partie therfore hath ben excommunicated or at the leest suspended from all dyvyne slvice: And therupon before that he or she coulde be absolved hath be compelled not onely to paye the fees of the courte whereunto he or she was so called by citacion or other pcesse amountyng to the some of ij s. or xx d. at the leest, but also to paye to the somonor apparitor or other light litteratte pson by whome he or she was so Stifled to be sdmoned for e9y myle beyng distaunte frome the place where he or she than dwelled unto the same courte wherunto he or she was so cited or somoned to appere, two pence; to the greate charge and impo^ysshement of the Kinges subjectes and to the greate occasion of mysbehaveour and mislyving of wyves women and Svauntes and to the greate impeyrement and diminucion of thir good names and honesties: Be it therfore enacted by the King our so9aigne lorde with the assent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this psent parliament assembled and by auctoritie of the same, that no man? psonne none shall shalbe frome hensforth cited or sdmoned or otherwise called to appere by

400

23 Heart YIII. c. 9.

A.D. 1531-2.

wherein he dwells t

except for spiritnal offences;

or in cases of appeal;

or on negligence or interest of the judge; or at the instance of inferior courts:

Penalty on ordinaries offending, double damages and costs; and ten pounds.

hymselff or herselff or by any gcuratour before any ordinarie archedeacon comissarie officiall or any other judge spuall out of the diocesse or peculiar jurisdiccion where the psonne which shall be cited somoned or otherwise as is above said called, shalbe inhabiting and dwelling at the tyme of awarding or goyng forth of the same citacion or somons; excepte that it shalbe for in or uppon any of the cases or causes hereafter written, that is to saye, for any spuall offence or cause comitted or don, or omitted forslewed or neglected to be done contPry to right or duetie, by the bysshopp archedeacon comissarie officiall or other [psones1] having spuall jurisdiccion or beyng a spuall judge, or by any other psonne or psonnes within the diocese or other jurisdiccion wherunto he or she shalbe cited or otherwise laufully called to appere and aunswere; and except also it shalbe by or uppon matter or cause of appell or for other lawfull cause wherin any partie shall fynde hymselff or herselff greved or wronged by the ordinarie judge or judgez of the diocese or jurisdiccion, or by any of his substitutes officers or ministers after the matter or cause there first cdmensed and begonne to be shewed unto the archebisslioppe or bisshopp or any other havyng peculier jurisdiccion within whose pvince the diocese or place peculiar is; or in case that the bisshopp or other imediate judge or ordinarie dare not or will not convente the partie to be sued before hym; or in case that the* bisshopp of the diocesse or the judge of the place within whose jurisdiccion or before whome the suite by this Acte shuld be cdmensed and gsecuted, be partie directly or indirectly to the matter or cause of the same suite; or in case that any bisshopp or any inferior judge havyng under hym jurisdiccion in his owne right and title or by comission, make request or instaunce to the archebisshopp bisshopp or other supior ordinary or judge, to take treate examyn or de?myne the matter before hym or his substitute, and that to be done in cases only where the lawe civile or canone dothe affirme execucion of suche request or instaunce of jurisdiccion to be lawfull or tollerable, upon peyne of forfeiture to e9y psone by any ordinary comissaiy officiall or substitute by vertue of his office or at the suite of any psonne to be cited or otherwise somoned or called contary to this Acte, of double damages and costes for the vexacion in that behalff susteyned, to be recoded agaynst any such ordynarie cdmissarie arcdedecon officiall or other judge as shall awarde or make gcesse or otherwise attempte or gcure to do any thing contrarie to this Acte, by accion of dette or accion upon the case according to the course of the comon lawe of this realme in any of the Kinges high courtes, or in any other competent tempall courte of recorde by originaU writte of dette bill or playnt, in which accion no gteccion other than suche as shalbe made under the Kinges greate scale and signed with his signe manuell shalbe allowed, neyther any wager of lawe nor essoyne shalbe admitted; and upon peyne of forfeiture for e9y psonne so somoned cited or otherwise called as is above-said to answere before any spuall judge out of the diocese or other jurisdiccion where the said psonne so dwelleth or is resident or abiding tenne poundes sterling; the one halff therof to be to the Kinge oure so9aigne lorde and the other halff to any psonne that will sue for the same in any of Kinges said courtes or in any other the said temporall courtes by writte informadon bill or playnte; in whiche accion no gteccion shalbe allowed nor wager of lawe nor essoyne shalbe admitted.

1 psone O.

A.D. 1531-2. 23 Henry VIIL c. 9,10. 401

Provided alwayes that it shalbe lefull to eVy archebusshoppe of this realme to call cite and somon any pson or psonnes inhabiting or dwelling in any buaBhopps diocese within his pvince for causes of heresie, if the bisshopp or other ordinarie immediate therunto consent, or if the same bisshoppe or other immediate ordinarie or judge do not his duetie in punysshement of the same.

Provided also that this Acte shall not extende in anywise to the prerogative of the Moost Resend Father in God the Archebisshopp of Canterbury or any of his successours of or for calling any pson or psones oute of the diocese where he or they be inhabiting dwelling or resident for pbate of any testament or testamentes: Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contr*y notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by auctoritie aforesaid that no archebisshopp nor bisshoppe ordinary officiall, comissarie or any other substitute or minister of any of the said archebisshops bisshopes archedeacons or other havyng any spuall jurisdiccion, at any tyme frome the feaste of Ester next comyng, shall aske demaunde take or receyve of any of the Kinges subjectes, any sdme or somes of money for the seale of any citacion, after the said feast to be awarded or obteyned, than onely thre pence sterlinge, upon the peynes and penalities before limited conteyned and expssed in this psent Acte to be in like forme recoVed as aforesaid.

(1) Provided alwaies that this Acte be not in anywise hurtfull or pjudiciall to the Archebisshopp of Yorke, nor to his successours of for or concerning pbate of testamentes within his pvince and jurisdiccion by reason of any progatife: Any thing in this Acte to the contPry therof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for Feoffment? & assuraunce of landes & tent? made to the use of any parisshe Churche Chapell or suche like.

\17 HERE by reason of feoffementes fynes recoveries and other estates and assuraunces made of truste, -of manours landes tentes and heredita-mentes to the use of parisshe churches chapels church wardens guildes finSnyties cominalties companyes or broderhedes erected and made of devotion, or by comon assent of the people, without any corporation; and also by reason of feoffementes fynes recoveries willes and other actes made to any uses aforesaid, or to the uses and intentes to have obittes ppetuall or a continual! §vice of a priste for e9, or for threscore or fourescore yeres founden of thissues and pfittes of the manours londes tentes and hereditament? wherof suche feoffement? fynes recoverees wills and other actes ben made, or that the feoffees conisees recoverers or other psonnes and thir heires therof seased shall take levie receyve and pceyve or cause or suffer to be taken levied and pceyved thissues revenues and pfittes therof and the same to dispose pay conVte or otherwise imploye or suffer, or cause to be disposed paied conVted or imployed to any suche uses intentes or purposes as ben above specified, or to any other like uses and intentes; there groweth and issueth to the Kinge our SoVaigne lorde and to other lordes and subjectes of the realme

c c

n.

Proviso for archbishops in case of heresy.

m.

Proviso for probates by archbishop of Canterbury.

IV.

Fees on sealing citations.

V.

Proviso for probates by archbishop of York.

Evil of conveyances to the use of churches or chapels, or for obits, &c.

1 In a separate schedule annexed to the original Act.

402

23 Henry VIII. c. 10.

A.D. 1531-2.

AH such uses declared void.

n.

Proviso for such uses for terms of 20 years only.

m.

Covenants in fraud of this Act declared void.

IV. Proviso for customary devises in cities, &c.

the same like losses and inconveniences, and is as moche pjudiciall to them as doth and is in case where londes be aliened into mortmayne: Be it therfore enacted by the Kinge oure so9aigne lorde, the lordes spuall and temporaU and the c5mons in this psent Parliament assembled and by auctoritie of the same, that all and e9y snche uses intentes and purposes of what name nature or qualitie they shalbe called, that shalbe devysed oovenaunted made declared or in anywise ordeyned after the first day of Marche in the xxiii yere of the reigne of our so9aigne lorde Kinge Henrie the viij, by any feoffee reooverer or conisee or by any other psonne or psonnes to whose use any suche feoffee recover or conisee shalbe seased, of any manors landes tent? or hereditamentes or of thissues revenues and pfittes of them or any of them, shalbe utterlie void and of noo strength 9tue nor effecte in the lawe.

Provided alwaye that it shalbe lawfoll to e9y psonne beyng seased of any manors londes tentes or hereditamentes to his owne gpre use, or havyng feoffees recoverers or conisees to his use, to make ordeyne or devise^ or cause to be made ordeyned or devised any of the uses intentes or purposes above especified in suche maner as they moughte have done afore the making of this Acte, and as if this Acte had never be had ne made, so that none such uses intentes or poroses to be so made ordeyned or devised after the said first daye of Marche, be not in anywise made ordeyned devised or appoynted to endure continue or abide by any crafte collo* Smes sentences clauses wordes or other meanes above the terme of xx. yeres nexte after the firste making and begynnyng of any such uses intentes or purposes.

And it is further enacted that if any psonne or psonnes in defraude of this estatute, bynde or ordeyne any their heyres or successours or any other pson or psonnes, that they shall suffer such uses intentes and purposes to endure and continue contary to this Acte, upon peynes or penalities of losses of any other londes tenementes or hereditamentes or of any other thinge or thinges, or do attempte or devise by any collour crafte or meanes, any thinge or thinges to make any suche uses intentes or purposes to be declared contary to the trewe meanyng of this Acte, to continue or abide for any longer tyme or season than is above limited for the same, that [than*] e9y suche peyne penaltie crafte collour and e9y other thing and thinges of what kynde nature or qualitie so e9 yt be that shall be so made ordeyned or devised in defraude of this Acte, shalbe utterly void in the lawe to all intent?: And that this estatute shalbe alweys in?pted and expounded as beneficially as may be to the destruction and utter avoyding of suche uses intentes and purposes therin above remembred, and of all other like uses and intentes otherwise than alonly after suche maQ as is afore by this psent Acte gvided.

Provtded alway that in suche cities and townes corporate, where by their auncient customes they have good and laufull auctorities to devyse into mortmayne the landes tenement? and hereditamentes within the same cities or townes corporate, that this Acte shall not be in any wise pjudiciall or hurtfull to any suche custome.


chv 1 then 0.

/mittex.__________

23 Henry VIII. c. 13,16.

403

CHAPTER XIH.

An Acte that Men in Cities Borowes & Townes which be derely worth xl ii. in goodf, shall passe in triall of murders.

T?OR ASMOCHE as triallf in murders and felonyes in cities boroughes and Jurors in cities, townes corporate within this realme havyng auctoritie to pcede in the ££iyf^gin dely9aunce of suche offenders, ben often tymes deferred and delaied by reason if worth 40L of chalenge of suche offenders for lacke of sufficience of freehold, to the greate ^t^*onal hynderaunce of justice; it may therfore be enacted by auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that e9y pson and psonnes beyng the Kinges naturall subjecte borne, which eyther by the name of a citizen or of a freeman or any other name dothe enjoy and use the life ties and privileges of any citie boro we or towne corporate where he dwelleth and maketh bis abode, beyng worth in moveable goodes and substaunce to the clere value of xl H be fromehensforth admitted in triall of murders and felonyes in e9y sessions and [gayles of dely^e,1] to be kepte and holden in and for the lifotie of suche cities boroughes or townes corporate, albeit they have no frehold: Any Acte statute use customs or ordenaunce to the cont*ry hereof notwithstanding.

Provyded alway that this Acte do not extende in any mafl of wise to any n. knight or esquier dwelling abiding or resorting in or to any snche title towne £^5ff°£,for or boroughe corporate; any things in the same Acte mentioned or declared to the contrarye herof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte that the Defendaunt shall reco9 Costf ageinste the Pleyntif, if the PI be nonsuited, or if the 9dicte passe ageinste him.

BE IT enacted by the King oure so9aigne lorde and the lordes spuall and Costa given to temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by on m auctoritie of the same, that if any psone or psonnes at any tyme after the StatutesRII. feaste of the Purification of oure Ladie in the xxiii. yere of the reigne of our ^ cow-so9aigne lorde Kinge Henry the viij. comense or sue in any courts of records or elswhere in any other courte, any action bill or playnt of trespace upon the on case or an Statute of Kinge Richarde the Seconds made in the v. yere of his reigne, for entrees into landes and tenementes where none entre is given by the lawe, or mit or verdict, any action hill or playnt of dette or covenants upon (*) especialtie made to the playntife or playntifes, or upon any contracts supposed to be made betwene the playntife or playntifes and any other pson or psonnes, or any action bill or playnte of detinue of any goodes or catels, wherof the playntife or pleyntifes shall suppose that the ppertie belongeth to theym or to any of them, or any action bill or playnt of aoooompte in the which the playntife or playntiffes suppose the defendaunt or defendauntes to be their bailife or bailiffes receyvO* or receyvo's of their manor mese money or goodes to yelde accompt, or any

1 The original Act agrees with this reading.

eny O.

C C 2

404

23 Henby VIII. c. 15, 20.

A.D. 1531-2.

n.

Plaintiffs suing in forma pauperis shall* not pay costs, but may be punished.

Extortions and oppressions of the court of Rome by receipt of annates or first-fruits of bishopricks, &c.

accion bill or playnt upon the case or upon any estatute for any offence or wronge pson all immediatly supposed to be done to the playntife or playntifes, and the playntife or playntifes in any suche kynde of accion bill or playnt after apparaunce of the defendaunt or defendauntes be none suited, or that any $dicte happen to passe by lawful triall ayenst the playntife or playntifes in any such accion bill or pleinte; that [than*] the defendaunt or defendauntes in e9y suche accion bill or pleynt shall have judgement to reco9 his costes ageinst e9y suche playntife or playntifes: And that to be assessed and taxed by the discrecion of the judge or judges of the courte where any suche accion bill or pleynt shalbe cdmensed sued or taken. And also that e9y defendaunt in suche accion bill or pleynte shall have suche gcesse and execution for the recovere and havyng of his costes ageinst the pleyntife or pleyntifes as the said pleyntife or pleyntifes shuld or myght have had ageinst the defendaunt or defendauntf in case that judgement had be geven for the parte of the said pleyntife or plyentifes in any suche accion bill or pleynt.

Provyded alway that all and e9y suche poore psonne or psonnes beyng pleyntife or pleyntifes in any of the said accions billes or pleyntes, which at the comensement of their suites or accions be admitted by discrecion of the judge or judges where suche suites or accions shalbe pursued or taken, to have their gcesse and counsaill of charitie without any money or for paieng for the same, shall not be compelled to paye anye costes by vertue or force of this estatute, but shall suffer other punysshement as by the discrecion of the justices or judge afore whome suche suities shall depende, shalbe thought reasonable: Any thing afore rehersed to the cont*ry hereof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte conSnyng restraynt of payment of Annates to the See of Rome.

Tj^ORASMOCHE as it ys well pceyved by long approved expience that grete and inestimable sdmes of money been daylye conveyed out of this mime to the impoverisshement of the same, and specially suche sdmes of money as the Popes Holynes his pdecessours and the courte of Rome by long tyme have heretofore taken of all and singuler those spual psons which have been named elected psented or postulated to be archebysshoppes or bysshoppes within this realme of England under the title'of annates otherwise called furst fruytes; which annates or first fruytes heretofore have been taken of e9y arche* bisshopriche or bysshopriche within this realme by restraynt of the Popes bulles for confirmacons elecffins admyssions postulacons gvisions collacous dispositions institutions installacons investitures orders holye benedictions palle8 or other thinges requyste and necessary to thatteynyng of those their gmocons, and have been compelled to paye before they coulde atteyne the same, great somes of money before they myght receyve any parte of the fruytes of the seid archebysshopriche or bysshopriche whereunto they were named elected psented or postulated; by occasion wherof not onlye the treasour of this realme hath

1 then 0.

28 Henry VIII. c. 20.

405

been gretely conveyed out of the same, but also it hath happened many tymes by occasion of deth unto suche archebisshopes and bysshopes so newely gmoted, within two or thre yeres after his or their consecracon, that his or their frendes by whome he or they have been holpen to advaunce and make payment of the seid annates or furst fruytes have been therby utterly undoon and impover-isshed; and for because the said annates have risen growen and encreased by an uncharitable custome grounded uppon no juste or good title, and the paymentyB therof opteyned by restraynt of bulles untill the same annates or first fruytes have been payed or sewrtie made for the same, which declareth the seid paymentys to be exacted and taken by constraynte ayenst all equitie and justice: The nobill men therfore of this realme and the wise sage poletique comons of the same assembled in this psent Parliament, considering that the courte of Borne cesseth not to taxe take and exacte the seid great somes of money under the title of annates or first fruytes as ys aforeseid to the great damage of the seid prelates and this realme, which annates or first fruyttes were first suffered to be taken within the same realme for thonelye defence of Cristen people ayenst thinfideles, and nowe they be claymed and demaunded as mere duetie onely for lucre ayenst all right and conscience, insomoche that yt ys evidently knowen that there hath passed out of this realme unto the court of Borne sithen the secunde yere of the reign of the most nobill prynce of famous memory King Henry the vij^1 unto this psent tyme, under the name of annates or first fruytes payed for the expedition of bulles of archebissopriches and bysshopriches, the sdme of eight hundred thowsand duckattys amounting in sflyng money at the lest to eight score thousands poundes, besides other greate and intolerable somes which have yerely ben conveyed to the seid courte of Borne by many other wayes and meanes, to the greate impo9isskement of this realme; AND albe it that our seid so9aign lorde the Kyng and all his naturall subjectys aswell spuall as temporall ben as obedient devoute catholique and humble children of God and Holie Churche as any people be within any realme cristened; YET the seid exaccons of annates or first fruyttes be so intollerable and importable to this realme that it is considered and declared by the hole bodye of this realme nowe repsented by all the astatys of the same assembled in this psent Parliament, that the Kynges Highnes before Almyghty God ys bounde as by the duetye of a good Xpen prynce for the conservation and pservacon of the good astate and comyn welth of this his realme to doo all that in hym ys to obvyate represse and redr esse the said abusions and exaccons of annates or first fruytes; and because that dy9s plates of this realme been nowe in extreme aege and in other debilitees of their bodies, so that of lykelyhod bodely deth in shorte tyme shall or may succede unto theme; by reason wherof great somes of money shall shortelye after their dethes be conveyed unto the courte of Borne for the unreasonable and uncharitable causes abovesaid, to the uniVsall damage pjudice and impoverisshement of this realme, if spedy remedye be not in due tyme jjvided; it is therefore ordeyned establisshed and enacted by auctoritie of this psent Parliament that the unlaufull paymentys of annates or furst fruytes and almaner contributions for the same, for any archebysshopriche or bysshopriche or for any bulles hereafter to be opteyned from the courte of Borne to or for the forsaid purpose and intent, shall from hensforth utterly cesse and no suche hereafter to be payed for any

i

i

i

j

All payment of Koch annates hall cease; on pain of forfeiture, by the payer, of all bis goods, &c.

406

23 Henry VIII. c. 20.

A.D. 1531-2.

n.

How bishops, denied the requisite bulls at Home, may be consecrated in England.

archebisshopriche or bysshopriche within this realme other or otherwise then hereafter in this psent Acte ys declared; AND that no manor pson nor peons hereafter to be named elected psented or postulated to any archebisshopriche or bysshopriche within .this realme shall pay the seid annates or first frayttea for the seid archebysshopriche or bysshopriche nor eny other maner of some or somes of money pendons or annuities for the same, or for any other like exaccon or cause uppon payne to forfayte to our seid so9aign lorde the King his heyres and successours almaner his goodys and catallys for e9 and all the temporall landys and possessions of the same archebisshopriche or bysshopriche during the tyme that he or they which shall offende contary to this psent Acte shall have possede or enjoye the archebisshopriche or bishopriche, wherfore he shall so offende contPrye to the fourme aforesaid.

And furthermore it is enacted by auctoritie of this psent Parliament that e9y pson hereafter named and psented to the courte of Rome by the Kyng or any of his heyres or successours to be bysshop of any see or dioces within this realme, hereafter shalbe letted deferred or delayed at the courte of Rome from any suche bysshopriche wherunto he shalbe so psented, by meane of restraynt of bulles apostolique and other thinges requisite to the same; or shalbe denyed at the courte of Rome uppon convenyent sute made, any maner bulles requisite for any of the causes beforesaid; e9y suche pson so psented may be and shalbe consecrated here in Englond by tharchebisshop in whose gvynce the seid bysshopriche shalbe, so alwaye that the same pson shalbe named and psented by the Kyng for the tyme being to the same archebysshop; and yf any pson being named and psented as is aforeseid to any archebisshopriche of this realme making convenient sute as is aforesaid, shall happen to be letted deferred delayed or otherwise distourbed from the same archebisshopriche for lacke of palle, bulles, or other thinges to him requysite to be opteyned in the courte of Rome in that behalf; that then e9y suche pson so named and psented to be archebisshop may be and shalbe consecrated and invested after psentacon made as is aforeseid, by any other two bysshopes within this realme whome the Kinges Highnes or any of his heyres or successours Kynges of Englonde for the tyme being will assigne and appoynte for the same, according and in lyke ma0 as dy9s other archebisshopes and bysshopes have been heretofore in auncient tyme by sondry the Kynges most noble pgenitours made consecrated and invested within this realme: And that e9y archebisshop and bysshop hereafter being named and psented by the Ranges Highnes his heyres or successours Kynges of England and being consecrated and invested as is aforesaid, shalbe installed accordinglye and shalbe accepted taken reputed used and obeyed as an archebisshop or bysshop of the dignyte see or place whereunto he so shalbe named psented and consecrated requyreth, and as other like prelates of that provynce see -or dioces have been used accepted taken and obeyed, which have had and opteyned completely their bulles and other thinges requysite in that behalf from the court of Rome; and also shall fully and entyerly have and enjoye all the spualties and temporaries of the said archebisshopriche or bisshop-riche in as large ample and beneficiall maner as eny of his or their pdecessours had and enjoyed in the seid archebisshopriche or bisshopriche satisfyeng and yelding unto the Kyng our so9aign lorde and to his heyres or successours Kynges of England all suche dueties rightys and infestys as before this tyme had

A.D. 1531-2.

23 Henry VIII. a 20.

407

been accustomed to be payed for any sucbe archebisshopriche or bysshopriche according to the auncient lawes and customes of this realme and the Kinges progatif royalL

And to thintent our seid Holye Father the Poope and the courte of Rome m. shall not thinke that the paynes and labours taken and hereafter to be taken for

aboutys the writing sealing opteynyng and other busynesses susteyned and obtaining each hereafter to be susteyned by the officers of the seid courte of Rome for and at me* aboute the expedicon of any bulles hereafter to be opteyned or had for any suche archebisshopriche or bysshopriche shalbe irremunerated, or shall not be sufficiently and condignely recompensed in that behalf, and for their moreredy expedicon to be had therin; IT IS therfore enacted by the auctoritie aforesaid that eVy spuall pson of this realme hereafter to be named and presented or postulated to any archebisshopryche or bysshopriche of this realme shall and may laufully pay for the writing and opteyning of his or their seid bulles at the courte of Rome and ensealyng the same with leede to be had without payment of any annate furst fruyttes or other charge or exaccon by hym or theym to be made yelden or payed for the same, fyve poundys s&yng for and after the rate of the dere and hole yerely value of e9y hundreth poundes sterling above all charges of any suche archebisshopriche or bysshopriche or other money to the value of the seid fyve pounde for the dere yerely value of e9y hundreth poundes of e9y suche archebisshopriche or bysshopriche and not above nor in any other wise. Any thyng in this psent Acte before written notwithstanding.

And forasmuche as the Kynges Highnes and this his High Courte of Parliament nother have nor doo intende to use in this or any other like cause, any maner of extremytie or violens before gentill curteyse and frendely wayes and meanes fyrst approved and attempted, and without a veray great urgent cause and occasion yoven to the contary, but pryncipally coveting to disborden this realme of the seid great exaccons and intollerable charges of annates and first fruyttes have therfore thought convenient to cdmytte the fynall order and determynacon of the pmysses in all thinges unto the Kynges Highnes, so that yf it may seme to his high wisdome and moost prudent discrecon mete to move the Popes Holynes and the courte of Rome amycablye charitablie and resonablie to compounde other to extinct and make frustrate the paymentys of the said annates or first fruytes, or ellys by some frendlie lovyng and tollerable composicon to moderate the same in such wise as may be by this his realme easelye borne and susteyned; that then those wayes and compositions ons taken concluded and agreed bitwen the Popes Holynes and the Kynges Highnes shall stonde in strenght force and effecte of a lawe inviolablye to be observed.

The King empowered to compound with the Pope to moderate such annates, &c.

And it ys also further ordeyned and enacted by the auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that the Kynges Highnes at eny tyme or tymes on thisside the feast of Easter which shalbe in the yere of our Lord God a thousand fyve hundreth and thre and thrytty or at eny tyme on thisside the begynnyng of the next Parliament, by his Ires patentys under his great seale to be made and to be entered of recorde in the rolle of this psent Parliament may and shall have full power and libertie to declare by the seid ires patentys, whether that the pmisses or any parte clause or matier therof shalbe observed obeyed executed pfourmed

iv.

The King empowered to give or withhold his assent to this Act by letters patent, Ac.

408

23 Henry VIII. c. 20.

A.D. 1531-1

y.

In case of any interdict, &c. by the Pope, divine service shall continue.

The ratification of the Act restraining the payment of annates to the see of Home.

84.

and take place and effect as an Acte and statute of this psent Parliament or not; so that yf his Highnes by his seid Ires patentys before the expiiaffin of the fanes above lymytted therby, doo declare his pleasure to be that the premysses or any parte clause or matter therof shall not be pttt in execucon observed contynued nor obeyed, in that case all the seid pmysses or suche parte clause or matter therof as the Kynges Highnes so shall refuse disas-ferme or not ratifye shall stonde and be from thensforth utterly voide and of noon effect; and in case that the Kynges Highnes before the expiracon of the fanes afore pfixed, doo declare by his seid ires patentys his pleasure and determynacon to be, that the seid premisses or e9y clause sentence and parte thereof, that ys to say, the hole or suche parte therof as the Kynges Highness soo shall afferme accept and ratefie shall in all poyntes stonde remayne abide and be put in due and effectual! execucon according to the purport© teanour effect and trewe meanyng of the same, and to stande and be from thensforth for e9 after as ferme stedfiust and avayleable in the lawe as though the same had been fully and pfytlye stablisshed enacted and confirmed to be in e9y parte therof immediatly holye and entyerly executed in like maner fourme and effecte as other Actes and lawes the which been fully and deter-mynatly made ordeyned and inacted in this psent Pliament. (*)

And if that uppon the foresaid reasonable amycable and charitable wayes and meanys by the Kynges Highnes to be experimented moved and compounded or otherwise approved, it shall and may appere or be seen unto his Grace that this realme shalbe contynuallye burdonned and charged with this and suche other intolerable exaccons and demaundys as heretofore it hath ben; and that theruppon for contynuaunce of the same, our seid Holy Father the Poope or any of his succesflours or the courte of Rome will or doo or cause to be doon at any tyme hereafter so as is above rehersyd, unjustlie uncharitably and

1 The original Act is not preserved among the other Acts of this year at the Parliament Office, Westminster. The royal assent was given by letters patent of 9 July 25 Hen. Yni. as appears by the following entry on the roll in Chancery:

" Cui quidem Bills ptce & ad plenu intellSe p dcm dnm Regem ex assensu & auctoritate Parliament pdSi tali? est responsum; Le Roy le volt.

" Memorand' quod nono die Julii, anno regni Regis Henrici octavi vicesimo quinto, Idem dns Rex per Iras suas patentee sub magno sigillo suo sigillaf, actum pdcm ratifi-cavit & confirmavit, & actui illo assensum suu regiu dedit put p easdem Iras patentes cujus tenor sequitr in hec 9ba magis apte constat.

" Rex Omib5 ad quos, &c. Sattm. Inspeximus quendam actum editum in Parlia-mento nfo inchoato Scio die Novembr anno regni nH vicesimo primo & abinde p di9sas progacbes progat & adhuc continuat; cujus quidem actus tenor sequitr inhec9ba: Forasmoche [repeating the Act verbatim from beginning to end] in any manner of wise. Sciatis qd Nos Deum poculis hentes ac comodum pficuu & utilitatem regni nri & subditojt nrog put cura regali astringimr intime considerantes, actum pd6m ac omia & singula in eodem content & supius specificat p nob heredibj & successoribj nris Ratificavim9 acceptavim9 approbavim9 & confirmavim9 ac p psentes ratificam0 acceptam9 approbam9 & confirmam9 & actui illo regiu nrm assensum dam 9: Necnon actu ilium ac offies et singulas clausulas et sentencias in eodem content p coi utilit&te et proficuo regni nri observari obediri ac in execucoem poni & demandari volum9 deSnim9 declaram9 & preclpim9, p psentes ratum & gratum hentes & hitur totum & quicquid in eodem actu continet1. In cujus rei, &c. T. R. apud Westm nono die Julii anno f. sui vicesimo quinto."

A.D. 1531-2.

23 Henry VIII. c. 20.

409

unreasonably© vex© inquyet molest trouble or greve our seid so9aign lord© bis heyres or successours Kynges of England or any of his or their spirituall or lay subjectes or this his realme, by exo5municacon excomengement interdicoon or by any other pcesse censures copulsories wayes or meanes; be yt ENACTED by the auctoritie aforesaid, that the Kynges Highnes his heyres and - . successours Kynges of Englond and all his spuall and lay subjectys of the same, without any scripull of consciens shall and may laufully to the honour of Almyghty God, the encrease and contynuaunce of vertue and good example within this realme, the said censures excomunicacons interdiccons compulsories or any of theym notwithstanding, mynister or cause to be mynistered thorough-out this seid realme and all other the domynions and territories belonging or apperteyning thereunto, all and all maner sacramentys sacramentallys seremonies or other devyne 8vice of Holye Churche or eny other thing or thinges necessarie for the helthe of the soule of mankynde as they heretofore at any tyme or tymes have been vertuously used or accustumed to do within the same; and that no maner suche censures excomunicacons interdiccons or Prelates shall any other proces or compulsories shalbe by any of the prelates or other spuall g^rdict fathers of this region ne by any of their mynisters or substitutes, be at any tyme or tymes hereafter publisshed executed nor devulged nor Buffered to be publisshed executed or devulgyd in any maner of wise.

24 HENRY VIII. A.D. 1532-3.

<£jr ftotolo ^arliammtt he anno regnt IGUjjfa Urortrt detain, WireOtmo quarto.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BY Prorogation at Westminster, on the Fourth Day of February,

In the TWENTY-FOURTH Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIII.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte where Defendauntf shall not recover any Cost?.

X> YCAUSE as well many recognisaunces obligacions indentures and other spiallties, as also many contractes heretofore have ben taken and made betwene dy9s psonnes beyng of the Kynges mooste honorable counsaill and others his subjectes, and by and betwene other psones to the use and behoffe of oure said sou9aigne lord© the Kinge for greate somes of money [than*] beyng to his grace due, and for his pvysions and other causez, for which dettes, accions by the lawes of this realme be to be commensed sued and psecuted to the Kinges use by and in the name or names of the psonne or psonnes to whome the said recognisauncez obligacions and other spialties were made or by those to whom the sayd contract^ were made: Be it therfore ordeyned and 1

1 then

410

24 Henry VIII. c. 8,12.

A.D. 1532-3.

enacted by auctoritie of this (x) Parliament, that albeit that the playntif or playntifff be or shalbe nonsuted in any whatsoe9 accion suite bill or pl&ynte commenced or to be comensed sued or to be sued to the use of our aeid sou9aigne lorde the Kynge his heires or successours Kynges of England, or that it shall happen any Vdicte to passe ageynste any suche pleyntiff or pleyn-tifes in any action suite bill or pleynte sued or to be sued to the Kinges use; the defendaunte or defendauntes shall not reco9 any costes ayeinst any such pleyntiff or playntifes; any Acte or Statute made in this psent Parliament or any other thing to the contrary beyng in any wise notwithstonding.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte that the Appeles in suche Cases as have ben used to be pursued to the See of Rome shall not be from hensforth had ne used but wythin this Realme.

The pre-emi- "TXT HERE by dyvers sundrie olde autentike histories and cronides it is

nence, power tt manifestly declared and expssed that this realme of Englond is an and authority " * ^ q

of the King of impire, and so hath ben accepted in the worlde, govned by ood supme

England; heede and King having the dignitie and roiall estate of the imperiall crowne

of the same, unto whome a body politike compacte of all sortes and degrees of people, devided in termes and by names of spualtie and temporaltie, ben bounden and owen to bere nexte to God a naturall and humble obedience; he beyng also institute and fumysshed by the goodnes and sufferaunce of Almyghtie God with plenarie hoole and intiere power pemynence auctoritie j?rogatyve and jurisdiccion to rendre and yelde justice and finall de?mynadon to all mafi of folke reseauntes or subjectes within this his realme, in all causes maters debates and contencions happenyng to occurr insurge or begyne within the limittes therof without restraynt or gvocacion to any foreyn the power, princes or potentates of the world: The body spuall wherof having power

l^Sonfof^the w^ian cause of the lawe devine happened to come in question or of

body spiritual; spuall lernyng, [than 2] it was declared interprete and shewed by that parte of the said bodye politike called the spualtie nowe beyng usually called the Englishe Churche, which alwaies hath ben reputed and also founde of that sorte that bothe for knowlege integritie and sufficiencie of nombre it hath ben alwaies thought and is also at this houre 6ufficiente and mete of it selffe, without the intermedlyng of any exterior psonne or psonnes, to declare and de?myne all suche dubtes and to administre all suche offices and dueties as to their romes spuall doth apperteyne; for the due admynystradon wherof and to kepe them frome corrupcion and synystre affection the Kinges moosfc noble ggenitours, and the antecessours of the nobles of this realme, have sufficiently endowed the said Churche both with honour and possessions: power, Ac. of And the lawes temporall for triall of gprietie of landes and goodes, and the temporally. for conservacion of the people of this realme in unitie and peace without ravyn or spoill, was and yet is administred adjudged and executed by sondry judges and administers of the other parte of the said body politike called the temporaltie, and bothe their auctorities and jurisdictions do conjoyne Laws and pro- together in the due administracion of justice the one to helpe the other: And former Kings, w^ere as the Kinge his mooste noble ggenitours and the nobilitie and comons

1 ftaent 0.

Defendants in any actions to the use of the King, shall not recover costs against the plaintiff.

2 then 0.

24 Hekby VIII. c. 12.

411

of this said realme at dyvers and sondry Farliamentes as well in the tyme of King Edwarde the Firste, Edward e the Thirde, .Richard the Seconde, Henry the Fourth, and other noble Kinges of this realme made sondrye ordenaunces lawes statutes and g visions for the entier and [suer*] conservacion of the progatyves libties and pemynences of the said imperiall crowne of this realme, and of the jurisdictions spuall and temporall of the same, to kepe it frome the anoyaunce aswell of the see of Rome as fromme the auctoritie of other foreyne potentates attemptyng the diminucion or violation therof as often and frome tyme to tyme as any suche annoyaunce or attempte myght be knowen or espied: And notwithstanding the said good estatutes and ordynaunces made in the tyme of the Kyngf most noble ggenytours in pservacyon of the auctoritie and progatyff of the said imperyall crowne as is aforesayd, ryet ne9theles sythen the makyng of the sayd good statutes and ordenauncf dyvers and sondry inconveniences and daungers not pvided for playnly by the said formar Actes, statutes and ordynnces have risen and spronge by reason of appeales sued oute of this realme to the see of Rome, in causes testamentarie causes of matrimony and dyvorces, right of tithes, oblacions and obvencions, not onlie to the greate inquietacion, vexacion, trouble, costes and charges of the Kinges Highnesse and many of his subjectes and reseauntes in this his realme, but also to the greate delaye and lette to the trewe and spedy de?mynacion of the said causes, for so moche as the parties appeling to the said courte of Rome moost comonly do the same for the delaye of justice: And forasmoche as the greate distaunce of waye is so farr out of this realme, so that the necessarie proves nor the true knowlege of the cause can nether there be so well knowen ne the witnesses there so well examined as within this realme, so that the parties greved by meanes of the said appeales be moost tymes without remedye: In consideration wherof the Kinges Highnesse his nobles and commons considering the greate enormities daungers longe delayes and hurtes that aswell to his Highnesse as to his said nobles subjectes comons and Teseauntes of this his realme in the said causes testamentarie, causes of matrimonye & devorces, tithes, oblacions and obvencions, doo dailie ensue, dothe therfore by his roiall assente and by the assente of the lordes spirituall and temporall and the commons in this psente Parliament assembled and by auctoritie of the same, enacte establisshe and ordeyne that all causes testamentarie, causes of matrimony and divorces, rightes of tithes, oblacions and obvencions, the knowlege wherof by the goodnesse of princes of this realme and by the lawes and customes of the same apperteyneth to the spuall jurisdiction of this realme allredy comensed moved depending beyng happenyng or hereafter comyng in contendon debate or question within this realme or within any the Kinges dominions or marches of the same or els where, whether they conSne the King our so9aigne lorde his heires or successours or any other subjectes or reseauntes within the same of what degree so e9 they be, shalbe frome hensforth harde examined discussed clerely finally and diffinityvely adjudged and defmyned within the Kinges jurisdiccion and auctoritie and not elleswhere, in such courtes spuall and temporall of the same as the natures condidons and qualities of the causes and mattiers aforsaid in con-tendon or hereafter happenyng in contendon shall require, without having any respecte to any custome use or sufferaunce in hynderaunce lette or 1

1 sure O.

Edward L and III. Bichard II. and Henry IV. against intrusions of the see of Borne;

appeals to Borne, and the evils thereof;

all testamentary and matrimonial causes, and all suits for tithes,oblations, &c. shall be &4judged by the King's courts spiritual and temporal; without regard to any process of foreign jurisdiction, or any inhibition, ex-communication, or interdict, Ac.

Prelates and clergy shall administer the sacraments and service of the church; notwithstanding such interdicts, &c. on penalty of one year's imprisonment

n.

Persons procuring process, appeals, sentences, &c. from or to the see of Home, shall incur the penalties of premunire, under St.

16 Hie. 11. c.5.

412 24 Henry VIII. c. 12. A.D. 1532-3.

pjudice of the same or to any other thinge used or suffered to the contrarie therof by any other man) psonne or psonnes in any maS of wise; any foreyne inhibitions appeales sentences somraons citations suspencions in?diccions exeoi-cacions restrayntes judgementes, or any other geesse or impedymentf of what natures names qualities or conditions so e9 they be, frome the see of Borne or any other foreyne courtes or potentates of the worlde, or frome and oute of this realme or any other the Kinges dominions or marches of the same to the see of Rome or to any other foreyn courtes or potentates, to the lette or impediment therof in any wyse notwithstanding. And that it shalbe lefull to the Bang oure so9aigne lorde and to his heires and successours, and to all other subjectes or resiauntes within this realme or within any the Kinges dominions or marches of the same, notwithstaundyng that hereafter it shuld happen any excomengemente excoicacions in?diccions citations or any other censures or foreyne geesse oute of any outwarde parties, to be fulmynate pvulged declared or putt in execution within [this*] seid realme or in any other place or places for any of the causes before rehersed, in pjudice dirro-gacion or contempte of this said Acte and the verrie true meanyng and execucion therof, may and shall neverthelesse as well pursue execute have and enjoye the effectes gfittes benefittes and comodities of all suche geesses sentences judgementes and de?my nations, don or hereafter to be don in any the said courtes spuall or temporall as the cases shall require, within the limittes power and auctoritie of this the Kinges said realme and dominions and marches of the same, and those only and none other to take place and to be firmely observed and obeied within the same: As also that all the spuall plates [pastures 2] ministers and curates within this realme and the dominions of the same shall and may use ministre execute and doo or cause to be used ministred executed and don all sacramentes sacramentals dyvine §vices and all other thinges within the said realme and dominions unto all the subjectes of the same as Catholik and Cristen men owen to do; any [formar 8] citations geesses inhibitions suspencions interdictions excoicacions or appeles for or touching (4) of the causes aforesaid frome or to the see of Rome or any other foreyne prince or foreyne courtes to the lette or contarye therof in any wise notwithstanding. And if any of the said spuall psonnes, by the occacion of the said fulminacions of any the same infdiccions censures inhibitions excoicacions appeles suspensions sumons or other foreyne citations for the causes beforesaid or for any of them, do at any tyme hereafter refuse to ministre or to cause to be ministred the said sacramentes and sacramentals and other divine § vices in forme as is aforesaid, shall for e9y suche tyme or tymes that they or any of theym do refuse so to doo or to cause to be done, have one yeres imprisonment and to make fyne and raunsome at the Kinges pleasoure.

And it is further enacted by the auctoritie aforsaid, that if any psonne or psonnes, inhabiting or resiaunte within this realme or within any the Kinges saide dominions or marches of the same, or any other psonne or psonnes of whate estate condition or degree so ever he or they be, at any tyme hereafter for or in any the causes aforsaid doo attempte move purchease or gcure frome or to the see of Rome or frome or to any other foreyn courte or courtes oute of this realme any maner foreyn geesse inhibitions appelles sentences sommons citations suspencions infdiccions excoicacions restrayntes

24 Henry YIII. a 12.

413

or judgements of what nature kynde or qualitie so e$ they be, or execute any of the same gcesse or do any acte or actes to the lette impediment hynderaunce or dirrogacion of any gcesse sentence judgement or deftnynacion hadd made done or hereafter to be had done or made in any courtes of this realms or the Kynges said dominions or marches of the same for any of the causes aforesaid, contarye to the true meanyng of this psente Acte and the execucion of the same, that [than*] e9y suche psonne or psonnes so doyng and their fautours comfortours abbettours pcurers executers & counsaillours and e9y of them beyng convicte of the same for e9y suche defaulte shall incurre and ronne in the same peynes [penalites *] and forfaitours ordeyned and gvided by the Statute of gvision and pmunire, made in the xvj yere of the reigne of the right noble prince Kyng Richard the Seconde ageynst suche as attempte gcure or make gvision to the see of Rome or elles where for any thing or things to the dirrogacion or cont*rye to the progatyve or jurisdiction of the crowne and dignitie of this realme.

And FURTHERMORE in eschuyng the said greate enormyties inquietacions delaies charges and expenses hereafter to be susteyned in pursewyng of suche appelles and foreyne gcesse for and conSnyng the causes aforesaid or any of theym, doo therfore by auctorite aforsaid ordeyne and enacte that in suche cases where heretofore any of the Kinges subjectes or resiauntes have used to pursue gvoke or gcure any appele to the see of Rome, and in all other cases of appelles in or for any of the causes aforesaid, they may and shall fromehens-forth take have and use their appeles within this realme and not elles where in ma8 and forme as hereafter ensueth, and not otherwise; that is to saye, firsts frome the archedeacone or his officiall if the matt or cause be there begune to the busshoppe diocesan of the saide see, if in case any of the parties be greved; and likewise if it be commensed before the byshope diocesan or his comissarie frome the byshope diocesan or his comissarie within fiftene dayes nexte ensuyng the judgement or sentence therof there yoven to the arche-bysshope of the gvynce of Caunturburye yff it be within his gvynce, and if it be within the gvynce of Yorke [than 1] to the archebishopp of Yorke; and so likewise to all other archebisshopps in other the Kynges dnions as the case by the order of justice shall require; and there to be diflinityvely and finally ordered decreed and adjudged accordyng to justice without any other appellation or gvocacion to any other psone or psonnes courts or courtes: And if the mattier or contencion for any of the causes afforesaid be or shalbe comensed by any of the Kynges subgittes or reseauntes before the archedecone of any archebusshoppe or his comissarie, [thanx] the partie greved shall or maye take his appeale within fyvetene dayes nexte after judgemente or sentence there yoven to the Courte of the Arches or Audyence of the same archebisshopp (*) archebusshoppes, and frome the said Courte of the Arches or Audience within fyftene daies [than *] nexte ensuynge after judgement or sentence there yeven to the archebusshoppe of the same gvynce, there to be diffinity vely and finally debnyned without any other or fiirder gcesse or appeale theruppon to be hadd or sued.

And it is further enacted by the auctoritie aforesaid that all and e9y mattier, cause & contencion now dependyng or that hereafter shalbe comensed

in.

Appeals hereafter shall be made within the realm *, viz. from archdeacons to the bishops;

from the bishops to archbishops;

from archdeacons to the Arches' Court, and thence to the archbishop.

IV.

No appeal from archbishops:

1 then 0.

2 penalitees 0.

8 or O.

414

24 Hekry YIII. c. 12.

A.D. 1532-3.

Saving for the prerogative of abp. of Canterbury.

Appeals in cases touching the King, shall be made to the Upper House of Convocation.

Persons appealing contrary to this Act shall incur penalties of premunire under St 16 Kic. II. c. 5.

by any of the Kynges subjectes or resiauntes for any of the causes aforesaid before any of the said archebnsshopps, that [than *] the same matter or matters contencion or contentions shalbe before the same archebnsshopp where the said matter cause or gcesse shalbe soo cdmensed diffinityvely dehnyned decreed or adjudged, without any other appele gvocacion or any other foreyne gcesse oute of this realme to be sued to the lette or dirrogation of the said judgement, sentence, or decree otherwise than is by this Acte lymyted and appoynted. Saving alwaies the progatyve of tharchebysshoppe and chnrche of Caunterburye in all the forsaide cases of appeles to hym and to his suoces-sours to be sued within this realme in suche and like wise as they have ben accustumed and used to have heretofore: And in case any cause mattier or contencion nowe depending for the causes before rehersed or any of theym or that hereafter shall c5me in contention for any of the same causes in any of the forsaid courtes, which hath dothe shall or may touche the King his heires or successours Kynges of this realme, that in all and e9y suche case or cases the partie greved as before is said shall or may appelle, from© any of the said courtes of this realme where the said mattier nowe beyng in contencion or hereafter shall come in contention touching the King his heires or successours as is aforesaid shall happen to be ventilate cdmensed or begunne, to the spuall prelatez and other abbottes and priours of the Upper House assembled and convocate by the Kinges writte in the Convocation beyng or neocte ensuyng within the province or gvynces where the same matter of contencion is or shalbe begunne; so that e9y such appele be taken by the partie greved within xv. daies next© after the judgement or sentence theruppon yoven or to be yoven. And that what soe$ be done or shalbe done and affirmed deter-myned decreed and adjudged by the forsaid prelates abbotes and priours of the Upper House of the said Convocation as is aforesaid, apperteynyng conSnyng or belongyng to the Kyng his heires & successours in any of these forsaide causes of appeles, shall stonde and be taken for a finall decree sentence judgement© diffinition and deSmynacion, & the same mattier so deSmyned never after to come in question and debate to be examined in any other courte or courtes: And if it shall happen any psone or psonnes hereafter to pursue or gvoke any appele contrarie to the effect© of this Acte or refuse to obeye execute and observe all thinges comprised within the same, conSnyng the said appeles ^vocations and other foreyne gcesses to be sued oute of this realme for any the causes aforesaid, that [than *] e9y suche psone and psones so doyng refusing or offending contrarie to the true meanyng of this Acte, their [gcures 2] fautours advocates counsaLUours and abbettours and e9y of them shall incurre into the peynes forfeitures and penalities ordeyned and gvided in the said statute made in the said xvj yere of King Bichard the Seconde, and with like gcesse to be made ayenBtthe said offendors aa in the same statute made in the said xvj yere more pleynly apperythe.

1 then O.

1 procurers O.

415

25 HENRY VIII. A.D. 1533-4.

<Fjr Rotuto tJarltammti He amtn regtti Btnrtri <0rtain, Wtce^imo quurto.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BY PROROGATION at Westminster, on the Fifteenth Day of January,

In the TWENTY-FIFTH Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIII.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte conSnyng the acceptaunce of the othe to the Acte of Sewers. BE it enacted by aucfcoritie of this present Parliament that the Acte late made for sewers and the comission therin recyted shalbe extended used and put in execucion in the towne and marches of Caleys accordyng to the tenour of the same comission in lyke effecte as it is enacted to be put in execution within this realme: And that no pson shalbe compelled to be sworn or otherwyse bounde to sett or travayle in execusion of any comission of sewers within this realme onles that he be dwellyng within the countie wherof he is or shalbe assigned to be comissioner, and for Calais and the seid marches therof onles that he be dwellyng within the same towne of Caleys or marches.

And by cause that dyvers psons hertofore assigned to be comissioners have refused to be sworn e accordyng to the seid former Acte, wherby dyvers comissions heretofore made remayne hitherto without effectuall execucion: Be IT therfore enacted that yf any pson assigned or to be assigned to be suche comissioner of sewers being required herafter by suche pson or psones as have or shall have auctorytie by the Kynges writte or otherwyse to receyve or accepte the othe comprysed in the seid former Acte, e9y pson that so refiiseth to take the same othe or [apon*] that requeste made doo not receyve the same othe, and that refused or contempts don in the ChaunSie or retomed in the Chauncery with the seid wrytte, shall lose and forfayte for the same contempts to the Kyng our soveraigne lorde fyve markf, and so to losse frome tyme to tyme fyve markf for e9y suche contempt as shalbe don or retomed into the seid ChaunSie ayenst any such pson, onlesse that he in the same ChaunSy do ahewe and allege in the seid ime wherin suche retome shalbe made ayenst hym, sufficient and resonable mater and cause to be allowed by the lorde chauncellour for hys excuse and discharge in that behalf

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte for the submission of the Clergie to the Kynges Majestie. pj *XXTHERE the Kynges humble and obedyent subjectes the clergy of this realme of Englond have not only knowleged accordyng to the truths that the Convocations of the same clergye is always hath byn and ought to be 1

1 upon O.

J* Rep. so far as relates to any power hereby given to appeal in any case to the King's Majesty in his High Court of Chancery, and so far as the same empowers Win Majesty to grant a commission under the great seal authorizing the persona therein named to hear and determine each appeals, 2 & 3 WilL 4. c. 92. s. l.J

St23Hen. VH[. c. 5. extended to Calais.

Commissioners shall lire in the county, Ac.

IL

Penalty upon commissioners refhsing to be sworn.

Acknowledgment and petition by the clergy with respect to

416

25 Henry YIII. c. 19.

A.D. 1533-4.

ecclesiastical constitutions, &c. and the examination of them:

The clergy shall not make any constitutions except in convocation with the King's assent, &c.

On penalty of fine and imprisonment

n.

The King may assign 32 persons to examine former canons, &c. and to approve or repeal theb with the King's assent

assembled only by the Kynges writt, but also submyttyng theym selfes to the Kynges Majestie hath pmysed in verbo sacerdocii that they wyll never frome hensforthe presume to attempte allege clayme or putt in ure or enaete gmulge or execute any newe canons constitucions ordynaunce pvyndall or other, or by what soo ever other name they shall be called in the Convocation, onles the Kynges most royall assente and licence may to theyme be had to make promulge and execute the same, and that hys Majestie doo geve hys most ryall assente and auctorytie in that behalf: And where dyverse constitucions ordynance and canons provynciall or synodall which here to fore have byn enacted, and be thought not only to be muche prejudiciall to the Kyngf prerogatyve royall and repugnant to the lawes and statutes of this realme, but also over moche onerous to hys Highnes and hys subjectf, the seid clergie hath most [humble *] besought the Kynges Highnes that the seid constitucions and canons may be cornyttid to the examynacion and jugement of hys Highnes and of [xxxijth 2] persons of the Kynges subjectf wherof [xyj^5] to be of the upper and nether House of the Parliament of the tempaltie and the other [xvj 8] to be of the clergie of this realme, and all the seid [xxxii *] psonee to be chosen and appoynted by the Kynges Majestie, and that suche of the seid constitucions and canons asshalbe thought and de?myned by the seid [xxxij1*1 *] persons or the more parte of theym worthey to be abrogated and adnulled shalbe abolyte and made of noo value accordyngly, and suche other of the same constitucions and canons as by the seid xxxijti or the more part of theym shalbe approved to stonde with the lawes of God and consonant to the lawes of this realme shall stonde in theire full strengh and power, the Kynges most lyall assent fyrst had and opteyned to the same: Be it therfore now enacted by auctoritie of this present Parliament accordyng to the seid submyssyon and peticion of the seid clergie, that they ne any of theym from hensforth shall presume to attempte allege clayme or put in ure any constitucions or ordy-nancf provynciall or synodalles or any other canons, nor shall enaete promulge or execute any suche canons constitucions or ordynance provynciall, by what soo ever name or names they may be called in theire Convocations in tyme comyng, which alway shalbe assembled by auctorytie of the Kynges wiytfce, onles the same clergie may have the Kynges most royal assent and lycence to make promulge and execute suche canons constitucions and ordynaunces gvynciall or synodall; uppon payne of every one of the seid clergie doing contry to this Acte and being therof convycte to suffer imprysonement and make fyne at the Kynges wyll.

And fob as moche as suche canons constitutions and ordynance as here to fore hath byn made by the clergie of this realme can not nowe atte the session of this present Parliament by reason of shortnes of tyme be viewed exarayned and determyned by the Kynges Highnes and xxxii persones to be chosen and appoynted accordyng to the peticion of the seid clergie in forme above rehersed: Be it therfore enacted by auctorytie aforeseid that the Kynges Highnes shall have power and auctoritie to noinate and assigne at hys pleasure the seid xxxii persones of hys subjectes, wherof xvj to be of the clergie and xvj to be of the temporaltie of the upper and nether House of the Parliamente. And yf any of the seid xxxii psones soo chosen shall happen to dye before theire full de?mynacion then hys Highness to nomynate other frome tyme 1

1 humbly 0. 2 xxxii O. 8 x\j.

A.D. 1533-4.

25 Henry VIII. c. 19.

417

to tyme of the seid-two Houses of the Parliament to supply the nombre of the seid xxxii: and that the same xxxii by hys Highnes so to be named, shall have power and auctoritie to vyewe serche and examyne the seid canons constitucions & ordynance pvynciall and synodall heretofore made, and suche of theym as the Kynges Highnes and the seid xxxijti or the more parte of theyme shall deme and adjugge worthey to be contynued kept and obeyed, shalbe frome thensforth kepte obeyed and executed within this realme, soo that the Kynges most royal assent under hys greate seale be furst had to the same; and the residue of the seid canons constitucions [orl] ordynance pvynciall whiche the Kynges Highnes and the seid xxxii persons or the more parte of theym shall not approve, or deme and jugge worthy to be abolyte abrogate and made frustratt, shall from thensforthe be voyde and of none effecte and never be put in execucion within this realme.

Pbovyded alway that no canons constitucions or ordynance shalbe made in. or put in execucion within this realme by auctorytie of the Convocacion of the &c*

clergie, which shalbe oontraryaunt or repugnant to the Kynges prerogatyve enforced con-royall or the customes lawes or statutes of this realme; any thyng conteyned ^ng'^prero-in this Acte to the contrarye herof notwithstondyng. gatiye.

And be it further enacted by auctoryte aforsede that frome the feast of IV. Easter whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God M1 D xxxiiij no maner of R^J^ther-appeales shalbe had provoked or made, out of this realme or out of any of the wise than Kynges domynyons, to the Byshop of Rome nor to the see of Rome, in any causes or matters happenyng to be in contencion and havyng theire coinense* vm. chapter ment and begynnyng in any of the [courties 2J within this realme or within 12' any of the Kynges domynyons of what nature condicion or qualitie soever they be of; but that all maner of appelles of what nature or condicion soo ever they be of, or what cause or matter soo ever they conceme, shalbe made and had by the parties greved or havyng cause of appele after suche maner forme and condicion as is lymyted for appeles to be had and prosecuted within this realme in causes of matrimonye tythes oblacions and obvencions, by a Statute therof made and establisshed sythen the begynnyng of this present Parliament, and accordyng to the forme and effecte of the seid estatute, any usage custome prescripcion or any thyng or thynges to the contrary herof not withstondyng. And for lacke of justice at or in any the courtes of the Appeals from archebisshopes of this realme or in any the Kynges domynyons, it shalbe ^the*

lawfull to the parties greved to appele to the Kynges Majestie in the Kynges Chancery, Courte of ChaunSie, and that upon every suche appele a cSmission shalbe by

directed under the greate seale to suche psones as shalbe named by the Kynges commissioners Highnes hys heyres or successours lyke as in case of appele frome the Admyrall ^bthe iSng^ Courte, to here and dyfiynytyvyly determyne suche appeles and the causes conSnyng the same; whiche comyssioners soo by the Kynges Highnes hys heires or successours to be named or appoynted shall have full power and auctoritie to here and defiynytyvely determyne every suche appele with the causes and all circumstaunces concemyng the same; and that suche jugemente and sentence as the seid comissioners shall make and decree in and [apon *] any suche appele shalbe good and effectuall, and also dyffynytyve, and noo further appeles to be hade or made frome the seid comyssioners for the same.

8 uppon O.

1 and 0.

2 couertf O.

D D

418

25 Henry VIII. c. 19, 20.

A.D. 1533-4.

v.

Penalty on suing appeals to Rome, &c. premunire as under the Statute 16 Ric. II. cap. 5.

VL

Appeals from all places exempt shall be into Chancery, instead of to Rome.

VIL Present canons, &c. shall remain in force till reviewed.

Recital of Statute 28 Hen.

Yin. c. 20.

against payment of first fruits, &c. to the see of Rome;

And yf any person or persons at any tyme after the seid feast of Easter, provoke or sue any manor of appeles, of what nature or condicion soo ever they be of, to the said Bisshop of Rome or to the see of Rome, or do procure or execute any. maS of gcesse from the see of Rome or by auctorytie therof, to the derogacion or lett of the due execucion of this Acte or oontrarye to the same, that then every suche person or persons soo doing theire aydouis counsaylours and abbettours shall incurre and renne into the daungers paynes and penalties conteyned and lymytted in the Acte of provysion and premunyre, made in the xvj yere of the Kynges moste noble pgenytoure Kynge Richarde the Seconde agayenst suche as sewe to the courte of Rome agayne the Kynges crowne and prerogatyve royalle.

(* ) Provydkd alwais that all maner of provocacions and appeales, here after to be had made or taken frome the jurisdiccion of any abbottes piyours & other heddes and governours of monasteries abbeis prioryes and other houses and places exempt, in suche cases as they were wont or moughte afore the makyng of this Acte, by reason of grauntes or liftties of suche places exempt, to have or make ymmedyatly any appele or gvocacion to the Bysshop of Rome otherwyse called Pope, or to the see of Rome, that in all theis cases e9y pson and persons havyng cause of appele or provocacion shall may take and make theire appeles and provocacions immedyatly to the Kynges Majestie of this realme into the Courte of ChaunSie, in lyke maner and forme as they used afore to do to the see of Rome; whiche appelles and provocacions soo made shalbe dyffynytyvely deSmyned by auctorytie of the Kynges comission in suche maner and forme as in this Acte is above mencioned; soo that noo archebisshop nor bishop of this realme shall entermette or meddell with any such appelles otherwyse or in any other maner [then1 2] they mought have done afore the makyng of this Acte; any thynge in this Acte to the contrarie therof not withstondyng.

Provyded also that suche canons constitucions ordynaunces and synodals provynciall being allredy made, which be not contraryant nor repugnant to the lawes statutes and customes of this realme nor to the damage or hurte of the Kynges prerogatyve royall, shall mowe styll be used and executed as they were afore the makyng of this Acte, tyll suche tyme as they be vyewed serched or otherwyse ordered and de?myned by the seid xxxii persons or the more parte of theym, accordyng to the tenour fourme and effecte of this present Acte.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte restraynyng the payment of Annates, &c.

'YYTHERE sithen the begynnyng of this present Parliament, for represse of * ^ the exaocion of annates and first frutes of archebyshopryches and byshopryches of this realme wrongfully taken by the Bisshop of Rome otherwyse called the Pope, and the see of Rome, it is ordyned and establisshed by an Acte amonges other thynges that the payment? of the annates or first frutes and all

1 This and the succeeding proviso are inserted in a schedule annexed to the original Act.

2 than O.

A.D. 1533-4.

25 Henry VIII. c. 20.

419

maner contributions for the same, for any suche archebishopryche or bisshopryche or for any bulles to be opteyned frome the see of Rome to or for the seid purpose or intent shulde utterly cesse, and no suche to be payd for any archebishopriche or byshopryche within this reaime otherwyse then in the same Acte is expressed; and that no maner of person or persons, to be named elected presented or postulated to any archebishopryche or byshopryche within this reaime, shulde pay the seid annates or first frutes nor any other maner of some or somes of money pencions or annuytes for the same or for any other lyke exaccion or cause, uppon payne to forfait to our soveraigne lorde the Kynge hys heires and successours all maner hys goodes and catallis for ever and all the temporall landes and possessions of the seid archebishopriche or byshopryche duryng the tyme that he or they that shulde offende. contrarye to the seid Acte shulde have possede and enyoe the seid archebishopriche or bishopriche; and it is further enacted that yf any person named or presented to the see of Rome by the Kynges Highnes or hys heires or successours to be bisshop of any see or diooes within this reaime, shuld happen to be [lettet *] delayed or deferred at the see of Rome frome any suche bishopriche wherunto he shulde be soo presented, by meane of restraynte of bulles of the seid Bysshop of Rome otherwyse called the Pope, and other thynges requysite to the same, or shulde be denyed at the see of Rome uppon convenyent sute made for any bulles requysite for any suche cause, that then every person soo presentid mought or shulde be consecrated here in Englonde by the archibisshop in whose gvynce the seid byshopiyche shalbe, soo alwayes that the same person shulde be named and presented by the Kyng for the tyme being to the seid archebishop; and yf any person being named and presented (as is before seid) to any archebishopriche of this reaime makyng convenyent sute as is aforseid shuld happen to be letted delaid deferred or otherwyse disturbed frome the seid archebishopriche, for lacke of pall bulles or other thynges to hym requysite to be opteyned at the see of Rome, that then every suche person so named and presented to be archebishop mought and shuld be consecrated and invested after presentation made as is aforseid by any other ij bisshoppes within this reaime, whome the Kynges Highnes or any hys heires or successours Kynges of Englonde wolde appoynt [ad *] assigne for the same, accordyng and after lyke maner as dyverse archibisshoppes and bisshoppes have byn here to fore in auncient tyme by sondre the Kynges most noble progenytours made consecrated and invested within this reaime; and it is further enacted by the seid Acte that every archibishop and bisshop being named and presented by the Kynges Highnes hys heires and successours Kynges of Englonde, and being consecrated and invested as is aforseid, shalbe installed accordyngly, and shulde be accepted taken and reputed used and obeyed as an archebisshop or bisshop of the dignitie Bee or place wherunto he shalbe soo named presented & consecrated, and as other lyke prelattf of that provynce see or dyoces have byn used accepted taken and obeyed which have had and opteyned completlye theire bulles and other thynges requysite in that behalf from the see of Rome; and also shulde fully and entyerly have and enyoye all the spiritualties and temporaries of the seid archibishopriche or bishopriche, in as large ample and beneficiall maner as any of hys or theire predecessours hadde [and 8] enyoed in the seid archebishopriche or bishopriche, satisfying and

1 lettyd 0.

2 and 0.

3 or O.

420

25 Henry VIII. c. 20.

A.D. 1533-4.

the Pope informed of the said Act;

royal assent to, and confirmation of the said Act

n.

No archbishop or bishop shall be presented to the see of Borne, nor procure bulls from thence, nor pay first fruits there.

m.

All elections of the archbishops or bishops shall be made by the deans and chapters, &c. under the King's licence and letters missive naming the person to be

yeldyng unto the Kynges Highnes and to his heires and successours all suche duties rightes and in?estes as before tyme hath byn accustomed to be payd for any suche archebishopriche or bishopriche, accordyng to the auncient l&wes and customes of this realme and the Kynges prerogative royall; as in the sad Acte amonges other thynges is more at large mencioned:

And all be it the seid Bisshopp of Home, otherwyse called the Pope, hath byn enformed and certyfyed of the efectuall contentes of the seid Acte, to the entent that by some gentell wayes the seid exaccions myght have byn redressed and reformed, yet never the lesse the seid Bishop of Borne hetherfco hath made none aunswere of hys mynde therin to the Kynges Highnes, nor devysed or requyred any resonable wayes to and with our seid soveraigne lorde for the same; wh erf ore hys most royall Majestie of hys most excellent goodnes for the welthe and profett of this hys realme and subjectes of the same, hath not only put hys most gracious and royall assent to the forseid Acte, but also hath ratyfied and confirmed the same and e9y clause and article therin con-teyned, as by hys letters patentes under hys greate seale enrolled in the Parliament Bolle of this present Parliament more at large is conteyned.

And for as moche as in the seid Acte it is not playnly and certaynly expressed in what maner and facion archebishopes and bisboppes shalbe elected presented invested and consecrated within this realme and in all other the Kynges domynyons: Be it now therfore enacted, by the Kynge our soveraigne lorde by thassent of the lordes spirituall and temporall and the comones in this present Parliament assembled and by the auctorytie of the same, that the seid Acte and every thynge therin conteyned shalbe and Btonde in strengh vertue and effect©; except only that noo person nor psones herafter shalbe presented nomynated or comended to the seid Bishop of Borne, otherwyse called the Pope, or to the see of Borne, to or for the dignitie or office of any archebishop or bishop within this realme or in any other the Kynges domynyons, nor shall send nor procure there for any maner of bulles breves palles or other thynges requysite for an archebishop or bishop, nor shall pay any somes of money for annottf first fhites or otherwyse for expedition of any suche bulles breves or palles; but that by the auctorytie of this Acte suche presentyng nomynatyng or comendyng to the seid Bishop of Borne or to the see of Borne, and suche bulles breves palles annottf first frutys and every other somes of money heretofore lymytted accustomed or used to be payd at the seid see of Borne for procuration or expedicion of any suche bulles breves or palles or other thyng conSnyng the same, shall utterly sease and no leger be used within this realme or within any the Kynges domynyons; any thyng conteyned in the seid Acte afore mencioned, or any use custume or prescription to the contrary therof not withstondyng.

And further more be it ordyned and established by the auctorytie aforsed, that at every advoydaunce of [every*] archibishopriche or bishopriche within this realme or in any other the Kynges domynyons, the Kynge our soveran lorde hys heires and successours may graunt unto the pryor and convent or the deane and chapytour of the cathedrall churches or monasteries where the see of souch archibishopriche or bishopriche shall happen to be voyde, a lycence under the greate seale as of old tyme hath byn accustomed to goede to election of an archibishop or bishop of the see boo being voyde, with & letter

1 any O.

A.D. 1533-4.

25 Henbt VIII. c. 20.

421

myssyve conteynyng the name of the persone which they shall electe and chose; by vertue of which licence the seid deane and chapitour or pryor and oovent, to whome any suche licence and letters myssyves shalbe directed, shall with all spede and seleritie in due forme electe and chose the seid person named in the seid letters myssyves to the dignitie and office of the archebishopriche or bishopriche soo being voyde, and none other; and yf they doo [or1] deferre or delay theire eleccion above xij dayes next after suche licence and letters myssyves to theym delyvered, that then for every suche defaute the Kynges Highnes hys heires and successours at theire libertie and pleasure shall nomynate and present, by theire ires patentee under theire greate scale, suche a person to the seid office and dignytie soo beinge voyde as they shall thynke abyll and convenyent for the same. And that every such nomynacion and psentment to be made by the Kynges Highnes hys heires and successours, yf it be to the office and dignytie of a bishopp shalbe made to the archebisshop and metropolitans of the provynee where the see of the same bishopriche ys voyde, yf the see of the seid archibishoprich be then full and not voyde; and yf it be voyde then to be made to suche archebishop or metropolitane within this realme or in any the Kynges domynyons as shall please the Kynges Highnes hys heires or successours: And yf any such nomynacion or presentment shall happen to be made for defaute of suche eleccion to the dignytie or office of any archebishop then the Kynges Highnes his heires and successours, by hys letters patentee under hys greate seale, shall nomynate and present such person, as they wyll dispose to have the seid office and dignitie of archebishopriche beyng voyde, to one suche archebishop and ij. suche bishoppes, or else to iiij. suche bishopes wythin this realme or in any the Kynges domynyons as shalbe assigned by our seid soveraigne lorde hys heires or successours.

And be it enacted by auctoritie aforseid, that when soo ever any suche presentment or nomynacion shalbe made by the Kynges Highnes hys heires or successours by vertue and auctoritie of this Acte and accordyng to the tenour of the same, that then every archebisshop and bishopp to whos handes any suche presentment and nomynacion shalbe directed, shall with all spede and seleritie investe and consecrate the person ndiate and presentid by the Kynges Highnes his heires or successours to the office and dignifie that suche pson shalbe soo presented unto, and geve and use to hympall and all other bene-diccions ceremonyes and thynges requysite for the same, without suing gcuryng or optaynyng hereafter any bulles or other thynges at the see of Rome for any suche office or dignitie in any behalf. And yf the seid deane and chapyter or pryor and convent after suche licence and letters myssyves to theym directed, within the seid xij dayes do electe and chose the seid person mentioned in the seid Ires myssyves, accordyng to the requeste of the Kynges Highnes hys heires or successours therof to be made by the seid letters myssyves in that behalf, then theire eleccion shall stonde good and effectuall to all intentes; and that the person soo elected after certificacion made of the same eleccion under the comen and covent seale of the elec tours to the Kynges Highnes hys heires or successours, shalbe reputed and taken by the name of lorde elected of the seid dignitie and office that he shalbe electid unto; and then makyng suche othe and fealtie only to the Kynges Majestie hys heires and successours as shalbe appoynted for the same, the Kynges Hyghnes by hys

chosen; and in default of such election the

King iilift.11

present by his letters patent

IV.

Consecration of archbishops or bishops, on the King's presentment

Proceedings and consecration on election by deans and chapters, &c .:

Of bishops.

Of archbishops.

V.

Such elections, consecrations, &c. declared effectual.

VL

All persons who shall neglect to elect or conse-

4$2 25 Henry VIII. c. 20. AJX 1533-i

letters patentes under hys greate seale shall signyfie the seid eleccion yf it be to the dignytie of a byshop to the archebishop and metropolitane of the provynce where the see of the seid byshopriche was voyde, yf the see of the seid archebishop be full and not voyde; and yf it be voyde, than to any other archebyshop within this realme or in any other the Kynges domynyons, requyring and comaundyng suche archabishop to whome any suche signifi-cacion shalbe made, [to confirme the seid eleccion andl] to invest and consecrate the seid persons so electid to the office and dignitie that he is elected unto, and to geve and use to hym all suche benediccions oeremonyes and other thyngf requysite for the same without any suyng gcuryng or opteynyng any bulles letters or other thynges frome the see of Borne for the same in any behalf: And yf the person be elected to the office and dignitie of an archebishop accordyng to the tenour of this Acte, then after suche eleccion certified to the Kynges Highnes in forme aforseid, the same person soo elected to the office and dignitie of an archebishop shalbe reputed and taken lorde electe of the seid office and dignitie of archebishop wherunto he shalbe so elected; and then after he hath made such othe and feautie only to the Kynges Majestie hys heires and successours as shalbe lymytted for the same, the Kynges Highnes by hys letters patentes under hys greate seale shall signifie the seid eleccion to one archebishop and ij other bisshoppes or els to iiij bishoppes within this realme or within any other the Kynges domynyons to be assigned by the Kynges Highnes his heires or successours, requyryng and comaundyng the seid archebishop and bysshoppes with all spede and seleritie [to confirme the seid eleccion and 2] to investe and consecrate the seid person soo elected to the office and dignitie that he is elected unto, and to geve and use to hym suche palle benediccions ceremonyes and all other thynges requysite for the same without suing pcuryng or opteynyng any bulles breves or other thynges at the seid see of Rome or by the auctorytie therof in any behalf.

And be it further enacted by auctorytie aforseid, that every person and persons being hereafter chosen elected nomynate presented invested and consecrate to the dignitie or office of any archebishop or byshop, within this realme or within any other the Kynges domynyons, accordyng to the forme tenure and effecte of this psente Acte, and suing theire temporalties out of the Kynges handes hys heires or successours as hath byn accustomed, and makyng a corporall othe to the Kynges Hyghnes and to none other in forme as is afore rehersed, shall and may from hensforth be trononysed or installed as the case shall require, and shall have and take their only restitucion out of the Kynges handes of all the possessions and profettf spirituall and temporall belongyng to the seid archebishopriche or bishoppriche wherunto they shalbe soo elected or presented, and shalbe obeyed in all maner of thynges accordyng to the name title degree and dignitie that they shalbe so chosen or psented unto, and doo and execute in every thynge and thynges touchyng the same, as any archebishop or byshop of this realme, without offendyng the prerogatyve royall of the crowne and the lawes and customes of this realme, mought at any tyme heretofore doo.

And be it further enacted by the auctoritie aforseide, that yf the prior and covent of any monastery or deane and chapitour of any cathedrall churche where the see of any archebishop or bishop is within any of the Kynges

A.D. 1533-4.

25 Henby VIIL c. 20, 21.

423

domynyons, after suche licence as is afore rehersed shalbe delyvered to crate biahow, tbeym, procede not to election and signyfie the same accordyng to the tenour oteyany cen-of this Acte within the space of xx dayes next after suche licence shall come Bure8» &c- for to their handes, or els yf any archebishop or bishop within any the Kynges incar^iwu-domynyons, after any suche eleccion nomynacion or presentacion shalbe signified unto theym by the Kynges Ires patentes, shall refuse and do not 25 E. IIL [confirme1] invest and consecrate with all due circumstance as is aforseid Bilf lL every suche pson as shalbe soo elected nomynate or presented and to theyme c. 5. signyfied as is above mencioned, within xx dayes next after the Kynges ires patentes of suche signyficacion [or presentacion2] shall come to theire hand?; or els yf any of theym or any other pson or persones admytte maynteyne allowe obey doo or execute any censures excomunycacions interdiccions inhibicions, or any other pcesse [or acte8] of what nature name or qualitie soo ever it be, to the contrary or lett of due execucion of this Acte, that then every pryour and particuler person of hys convent, and every deane and particuler person of the chapiter, and every archebishop and bishop and all other persons soo offendyng and doing contrary to this Acte or any parte therof and theire aydours counsaylours and abettours shall ronne into the daungers peynes and penalties of the Estatute of the provysion and premunire made in ( 4 ) xxv. yere of the reigne of Kyng Edward© the Third©, and in the xyj yere of Kynge Richard© th© Second©.

CHAPTER XXL An Acte for th© exoSacion frome exaccions payde to the See of Rome.

"TlyTOST [humble besechyng5] your most royall Majestic your obedyent and Grierancea by faithfull subjectes the comons of this your© present Parliament assembled anVSpe^*-by your most dradde comaundement; that where your subjectes of this your realme, and of other countres & domynyons being under your obeysaunce, by many yeres past have byn and yet be greatly decayed and impoverished by suche intollerable exaccions of greate somes of monay as have byn claymed and taken and yet contynually be claymed to be taken out of this your realme and other your seid countres 'and domynyons, by the Bishop of Rome called the Pope and the see of Rome, as well in pensions censes peter pence procuracions fruytes suytes for provysions and expeditions of buls for archebishoprich? and bishopriches and for delegacies and rescriptis in causes of contentions and appeles jurisdictions legatyne and also for dispensations licences faculties grauntys relaxations writtys called perinde valere rehabilitations abolitions, and other infynyt sortes of bulles breves and instrument? of sondre natures names and kyndes in great nombers heretofore practised and opteyned otherwyse then by the lawes laudable uses and customes of this realme shuld be pmytted, the specialities wherof ben over long large in nombre and tedyous here particularly to be inserted; wherin the Bishop of Rome aforseid hath not byn only to be blamed for hys usurpation in the premisses but also for hys abusyng and begylyng your subjectes, pretendyng and pswadyng to theym that he hath full power to dispence with all humayne lawes uses and

123 Interlined in the original Act. * the 0.

5 humbly besechen O. & nu. 28. See note at the end of this Act.

424

25 Henry VIII. c. 21.

A.D. 1533-4.

customes of all realmes in all causes which be called spirituall, which mater hath byn usurped and practised by hym and hys predycessours by many yeres in great derogacion of your imperiall crowne and auctorytie royall contrary to independence right and conscience; for where this your Graces realme, recognysyng noo upon ail^fordgn superior under God but only your Grace, hath byn and ys free frome subjection interference to any mannes lawes but only to suche as have bene devysed made and

whatever; ordyned within this realme for the welthe of the same, or to suche other as by

sufferaunce of your Grace and your progenytours the people of this your realme [have *] taken at theire free libertie by theire owne consente to be used amonges theym, and have bounde theym selfes by longe use and custome to the observance of the same, not as to the observaunce of the lawes of any foren prynce potentate or prelate, but as to the accustomed and auncient lawes of this realme orygynally established as lawes of the same by the seid sufferance consentes and custome and none otherwyse: It stondith therfore with naturaU equytie and good reason that in all and ( 2 ) e9ey suche lawes humayne, made within this realme or induced into this realme by the seid sufferaunce consentes and custome, your royall Majestie and your lordes spirituall and temporall and comons, representyng the holle state of your realme in this your most High Courte of Parliament, have full power and auctoritie not only to dispence but also to auctoryse some electe person or persones to dispense with those and all other humayne lawes of this your realme and with every one of theym, as the qualitie of the persones and mater shall requyre; and also the seid lawes and every of theym to abrogate adnull amplyfie or dymy-nyshe as it shalbe sene unto your Majestie and the nobles and eomyns of your realme present in yor Parliament mete and convenyent for the welthe of your realme, as by dyvers good and holsome Actes of Parliamentis made and established aswell in your tyme as in the tyme of your most noble progenitours it may plainly and evydently appere; and by cause that it is nowe in thes dayes present sene that the state dignitie superioritie reputation and auctoritie of the said imperiall crowne of this realme by the longe sufferaunce of the seid unresonable and uncharitable usurpations and exaccions practysed in the [tymes *] of your moste noble progenitours is moche and sore decayed and dymynyshed, and the people of this realme therby impoverished and so or worse be lyke to contynue yf remedy be not therfor shortly gvyded: no pensions, or It hay therfore please your most noble Majestie for the honour of aT^iSln Almyghty God and [fore 4] the tender love zele and affeccion that [ye5] beam future be paid and always [have ] borne to the welthe of this your realme and subjectes of the or toc of Rome same> for asmoche as your Majestie is supreme hede of the Church of Englonde, as the prelates and clergie of your realme representyng the [the7] seid Churche in their synodes and convocations have recognysed, in whome consistith full power and auctoritie upon all suche lawes as have byn made and used within this realme, to ordeyne and enacte by the assente of your lordes spirituall and temporall and the eomyns in this your present Parliament assembled and by auctoritie of the same, that no person or persones of this your realme or of any other your domynyons shall from hensforth pay any pencions [censes ] portions peterpence or any other impositions to the use of 1

1 hath 0. & nu. 28. 2 in nu. 28. 8 tyme nu. 28.

4 for O. & nu. 28. 6 you nu. 28. 8 hath nu. 28.

7 An erroneous repetition on the roll. 8 senses 0. & nu. 28.

A.D. 1533-4.

25 Henry YIIL a 21.

425

the seid Bisshop or of the see of Rome, lyke as heretofore they have used by usurpacion of the seid Bishop of Rome and hys predecessours and sufferance of your Highnes and your most noble progenitours to do; but that all suche pensiones censes porcions and peterpence, which the seid Bishop of Rome otherwyse called the Pope hath heretofore taken and pceyved or caused to be taken and pceyved to hys use and hys chambres which he calleth Apostolyke by usurpacion and sufferaunce as is aboveseid within this your realme or any other your domynyons, shall frome hense for the clerely surcease and never more be levyed taken perceyved nor payd to any person or persons in any maner of wyse; any constitucion use prescripcion or custome to the contrary therof notwithstondyng.

And be it further enacted by the auctorytie aforseid that neither your Highnes your heires nor successours Kynges of this realme, nor any your subjectes of this realme nor of any other your domynyons, shall frome hens-fbrth sue to the seid Bishop of Rome called the Pope or to the see of Rome, or to apy person or persons havyng or pretendyng any auctorytie by the same, for licenses dispensacions composicions faculties grauntes rescriptes delegacies, or any other instrument? or wrytynges of what kynde name nature or qualitie so ever they be of, for any cause or matter for the whiche any licence dis-pensacion composicion facultie graunte rescripte deligacye instrumente or other wrytyng heretofore hath ben used and accustomed to be had and opteyned at the see of Rome, or by auctoritie therof or of any prelate of this realme, nor for any maner of other licences dispensacions compositions faculties grantes rescriptes delegacies or any other instrument? or wrytyng? that in causes of necessitie may lawfully be graunted without offendyng of the Holy Scriptures and lawes of Qod: But that from hensforth every suche licence dispensation composicion facultie graunt rescripte delegacie instrument and other wrytyng afore named and mencioned necessarye for youre Highnes your heires [orx] successours and your and theire people and subjectes, upon the due examynacions of the causes and qualities of the persones procuryng suche dispensacions licences compositions faculties graunties rescriptes delegacies instrumentis or other wrytynges, shalbe graunted hadde and obteyned frome tyme to tyme within this your realme and other your domynyons and not els where in maner and forme folowing and none otherwyse, that is to sey; the archebishop of Canturburye for the tyme being and hys successours shall have power and auctorytie frome tyme to tyme by theire discresions to geve graunt and dispose by an instrument under the seale of the seid archebishop unto your Majestie and to your heires and successours Kynges of this realme, aswell all maner suche licences [disposicions2] composicions faculties grauntes rescript? delegacies instrum entes and all other wrytynges, for causes not being contrary or repugnant to the Holy Scriptures and lawes of God, as heretofore hath byn used and accustomed to be had and obteyned by your Highnes or any your moste noble progenitours, or any of yours or theire subject?, at the see of Rome or any person or persons by auctoritie of the same, and all other licences dispensacions faculties composicions grauntes rescriptes delegacies instrumentes and other wrytynges in for and [apon *] all suche causes and maters as shalbe convenyent and necessarye to be hadd for

IL

Neither the King nor his subjects shall sue to Rome for any dispensation or licence:

Instead thereof dispensations may be granted by the archbishop of Canterbury.

426

26 Benby VIII. c. 21.

AJ). 1533-4

nr.

Dispensations may be granted by the said archbishop in all cases usually heretofore granted at Home; but in unusual cases not without the assent of the King and council.

IV. Licences, the tax whereon at Rome exceeded £4. shall be confirmed under the great seal, and enrolled in Chancery.

the honour and suertie of your Highnes your heires and successours and the welth and profefcte of this your realme; so that the seid archebishop or any hys successours in no maner Q) wyse shall graunt any dispensacion license rescript or any other wrytyng afore rehersed for any cause or matter repugnant to the law of Almyghty God.

Be it also enacted by auctoritie aforseid that the seid archebishop and hys successours, after good and (*) examynacion by theym had of the causes and qualities of the persons procuryng for licences dispensacions composicions faculties delegacies rescriptes instumentes or other wrytynges, shall have full power and auctoritie by theym selff or by theire sufficient and substanciall comissarye or deputye by theire discreacions, frome tyme to tyme to grannie and dispose by an instrument under the name and seale of the seid arche-bisshop, as well to any of your subjectes as to the subjectes of your heires and successours, all maner licences dispensacions faculties composicions delegacies rescriptes instrumentes or other wrytynges for any suche cause or matier wherof heretofore suche licences dispensacions composicions faculties delegacies rescriptes instrumentes or wrytynges have byn accustomed to be had, at the see of Rome or by auctorytie therof or of any prelate of this realme: And that the seid archebishop and hys edmissarie shall not graunt any other licence dispensacion composicion facultie wrytyng or instrument, in causes unwonte and not accustomed to be had or obteyned at the court of Rome nor by auctoritie therof nor by any prelate of this realme, untyll your Grace your heires or successours or your or theire counsale shall fyrst be advertised therof, and determyne whether suche licences dispensacions composicions faculties or other wrytynges, in suche causes unwonte and not accustomed to be dispensed withall or obteyned, shall comenly passe as other dispensacions faculties or other wryt^gf shall or noo; uppon payne that the graunters of every suche licence dispensacion or wrytyng in suche causes unwonte contrary to this Acte shall make fyne at the wyll and pleasure of your Grace your heires and successours: And yf it be thought and determyned by your Grace your heires or successours or your or theire counsell, that dispensacions faculties licences or other wrytynges in any suche cause unwonte shall passe, then the seid archebishop or hys oomissaxye, havyng licence of your Highnes your heires or successours for the same by your or theire bill assigned, shall dispence with theym accordyngly.

Provyded always that no maner of dispensacions licences faculties or other rescriptes or wrytynges, herafter to be graunted to any person or personee by vertue or auctoritie of this Acte by the seid archebisshop or hys oomissarie, being of suche importance that the taxe of the expedicion therof at Rome extended to the s5me of foure poundes or above, shall in any wyse be putt in execucion [tell8] the same licence dispensation facultie rescripte, or other WTytyng of what name or nature soo ever it be of, be fyrst confirmed by your Highness your heires or successours Kynges of this realme under the greate seale, and inrolled in your ChaunSie in a roll by a clerke to be appoynted for the same; and that this Acte shalbe sufficient warante to the chauncellour of Englond for the tyme being, or to hym whome your Grace your heires or successours shall depute to be keper of the greate seale, to confirme in your

A.D. 1533-4.

25 Henby VIII. c. 21.

427

name yonr heires or successours the forseid wrytynges passed under the seid

archebishopes seale, by Ires patentes in due forme therof to be made

under your greate seale, remyttyng as well the seid wrytyng under the

archebisshops seale as the seid confirmadon under the greate seale to the

parties frome tyme to tyme gcuryng for the same. And that all suche licences Licences of less

dispensations faculties and other rescriptes and wiytyngf, for the expedicion grLueYb^the

of the which the seid taxes to be payd at Rome was under iiij li. whiche be archbishop:

mattiers of no greate importance, shall passe only by the archebisshops seale,

and shall not of any necessitie be confirmed by the greate seale, onles the

procurers of suche licence facultie or dispensation desire to have theym soo

confirmed; in whiche case they shall pay for the (*) greate seale to the use of

your Highnes your heires and successours [v s.3] sterlinges and not above, over

and beside suche taxe as shalbe here after lymytted for the makyng wrytyng

regestrynge confirmyng and inrollyng of suche licences confirmacions and

wiytynges under the seid taxe of iiij li. And that every suche licence All such

dispensation composicion facultie rescript and wrytyng, of what name or

nature soo ever it be, for suche causes as the taxe was wonte to be iiij li. or

above soo graunted by the archebishop and confirmed under the greate seale,

and all other licences dispensations faculties rescriptes and wrytyng? hereafter

to be graunted by the archebishop by vertue and auctoritie of this Acte

wherunto the greate seale is not lymytted of necessite to be put to by reason

that the taxe of theym ys under iiij li. shalbe accepted approved allowed and

admytted good and effectuall in the lawe, in all places courtes and jurisdiccions

as well spirituall as temporall within this reame and els where within your

domynyons, and as beneficiall to the persons obteynyng the same, as they

shuld have byn if they had byn obteyned with all thynges requysite of the see

of Rome or of any other person by auctoritie therof, without any revocacion

or repeals hereafter to be had of any suche licences dispensations faculties

rescriptes or wrytynges of what nature so ever they be: And that all children children pro-

pcreated after solempnyzacion of any mariages to be had or don by vertue of so

suche licences or dispensations shalbe admytted reputed and taken legitimate licensed shall

in all courtes as well spirituall as temporall and in all other places, and ^lesitimate»

inherite the inheritaunce of their parentes and auncestours within this your

realme and all other your domynyons according to the lawes and customes of

the same; and all actes to be don had or executed, accordyng to the tenour of

suche licences dispensacions faculties wrytyng? or other instrument? to. be

made or graunted by auctoritie of this Acte, shalbe firme pmanente and

reraayne in force; any foreyne lawes constitucions decrees canons decretallis

inhybicyons use customs prescripcion or any other thynge hadde or hereafter

to be made to the contrarye not withstondyng.

And be it further enacted that the seid archebishop and hys successours Ctorta*^lllbe shall have power and auctoritie to ordeyne make and constitute a clerke, which appointed to shall [wrytte 3] and regestre every suche licence dispensacion facultie wrytyng or other instrument to be graunted by the seid archebishop and shall fynde tions thereof, parchement wexe and sylken laces convenyent for the same, and shall take for hys paynes suche somes of monay as shalbe herafter in this present Acte to hym lymytted in that behalf for the same; and that lykewyse your Grace your heires and successours shall by your letters patentes under your greate

428

25 Henry VIII. c. 21.

A.D. 1533-4.

VI.

For moderating the charges of such dispensations, &c.

Two books shall be made of the costs of all licences, &c. and approved by the lord chancellor, the archbishops, &e.

seale ordeyne depute and constitute one sufficient derke being lemed in the course of the Chauncerie whiche always shalbe attendant uppon the lorde chaunceler or the lorde keper of the greate seale for the tyme being, and shall make wryte and enroll the confirmacions of all suche licences dispensations instrumentes and other wrytynges as shalbe th ether brought under the arche-bishopes seale there to be confirmed and enrolled: And shall also intitle in hys bokes and enroll of recorde suche other wrytynges as thether shalbe brought under the archebishopes seale not to be confirmed, takyng for his paynes suche resonable somes of money as hereafter by this Acte to hym shalbe lymytted for the same; and that aswell the seid clerke appoynted by the seid archebishop as the seid clerke to be appoynted by your Highnes your heires or successours shall subscribe theire names to every suche licence dispensation facultie or other wrytyng that shall come to theire handes, to be wrytyn made graunted sealed confirmed regestred and enrolled by auctoritie of this Acte in forme as is before rehersed.

And for as moche as the charges of obteynyng the seid licences dispensations faculties and other rescriptes or wrytynges afore named at the courte of Rome, by the losses and exchanges and in conductyng of currours and wagyng solicitours to sue for any suche licences dispensacions faculties instrument? and other rescriptes or wrytynges, have be grevous and excessive to your people, and many tymes greatter somes have byn demaunded for the spedy expedicion in the courte of Rome then be expressed in the olde taxe lymyted to be payd for the seid expedicions, wherby your people [hath*] byn brought to an incertentie upon the payment for expedicions of suche thynges and by reason therof have byn constrayned to pay more then they were wont to doo, to the great impoverishing of this readme as is afore seid; and some tymes the spedyng of suche dispensacions faculties licences and other wrytyng? at Rome have byn soo longe differred, that the partyes laboryng for the same have suffered great incomodities and losse for lacke of quycke spede, whiche here after may be had within this your realme to the great comoditie of your people, wherby the charges of makyng exchanges conductyng of [cumm*] and solicitours for the seid dispensacions shalbe abated, and your peple so moche [reveled *] and eased, to thentent that all ambiguytie and incertentie of paymentes for dispensacions faculties licences and other rescriptes and wrytynges may be taken away, that noo fraude or exaccion shalbe exercised uppon your people by suche officers as shalbe appoynted by this Acte to take paynes in spedyng suche dispensacions faculties and licences, but that your people may be sure and certayne what they be appoynted to pay for the same; be it enacted by this present Parliament and by the auctoritie of the same, ihat there shalbe two bokes drawen and made of one tenour, in whiche shalbe conteyned the taxes of all customable dispensacions faculties licences and other wrytyng? wonte to be [spede4] at Rome; which bokes and every lefe of those bokes and both sid? of every lefe shalbe subscribid by the arche-bisshop of Caunterbury, the lorde chaunceler of Englond, the lord tresourer of Englonde and the ij chefe justices of both benches for the tyme being; to the whiche bokes all suters for dispensacions faculties licences and other wrytynges afore rehersed shall have recourse yf they require hit; and one

1 have nu 28.

3 relieved 0. — relyved nu. 28.

2 currors 0. & nu. 28. 4 spedde 0.

429

of the seid bokes shall remayne in the handes of hym whiche shalbe appoynted to be regester and scribe of the seid dispensacions faculties and licences under the seid archebisshop of Canturbury in forme as is before seid, and the other boke shall remayne with the clerke of the ChaunSie whiche by your Grace your heires or successours shalbe appoynted as is before rehersed; whiche clerke of the ChaunSie shall also intitle and [not1] particulerly and dayly in hys boke ordeyned for that purpose the nombre and qualitie of the dispensacions faculties licences and other rescriptes and wrytyng^ [shich2] shalbe sealed only with the seale of the seid archebisshop, and also which shalbe sealed withe the seid seale and confirmed with the greate seale in forme as is before seid, that all fraude and conceylment in this behalf may be avoyded.

And be it enacted by this present Parliament and by thauctoritie of the ^ VII. same, that no man suing for dispensacions faculties licences or other rescriptes licences, &c. or wrytyngf whiche [were *] wonte to be [spede4] at Rome, shall paye any jkjJj ^gu-more for theire dispensacions licences or rescriptes then shalbe conteyned taxed books, and lymitted in the seid duplicate bokes of taxes onely; composicions [except5] of which being arbytrarye noo taxe can be made; wherfore the taxe therof Compositions, shalbe sett and lymytted by the discreacion of the seid archebishop of Canturbury and the lorde chaunceler of Englond or the lorde keper of the greate seale for the tyme being: And that suche as shall exacte or recey ve Penalty on of any suter more for any dispensacion facultie or licence then shalbe conteyned tlmeTthe's^m in the seid bokes of taxes, shall forfett ten tymes somoohe as he shall soo received, extorciously exacte and receyve, the one half of the whiche forfayture to be to the use of your Grace your heires or successours and the other half therof to be to suche of your subject^ as wyll sue for the same by accion byll or playnt in any of your Graces courtes, wherin the defendaunt shall have none essoen nor proteocion allowed neither shalbe admytted to wage hys lawe.

Be it also enacted by this Parliament and auct-oritie of the same that the ^vm. taxe or some appoynted to be payd for every suche dispensacion licence thetaxeitobe facultie instrument rescripte, or other wrytyng to be graunted by auctoritie for ^ of this Acte, shalbe employed &> ordered as here after ensuyth that is to Bey; ' "

if the taxe extende to foure poundes or above by reason wherof the dispen- If amounting sacion licence facultie rescripte or wrytyng whiche shall passe by the seid t0 four 1?°^ * archebisshoppes seale muste be confirmed by thappencion of the greate seale, then the seid taxe so extendyng to iiij ii [or6] above shalbe devyded into three partes wherof two shall be pceyved by the seid clerke of the ChaunSie to be appoynted as is afore seid to the use of your Highnes your heires and successours and to the use of the lorde chauncelour or the keper of the greate seale for the tyme being and to the use of the seid clerke, in suche wyse as here after shalbe declared and [that7] the thride parte shalbe taken by the seid clerke of the archebisshope to the use of the same archebishop and hys comissarye and hys seid clerke and regester in suche wyse as here after shalbe ordered and lymytted by this Acte; (that is to sey) the seid two partes shalbe devyded in foure partes of which thre partes shalbe taken to the only use of your Highnes your heires and successours, and the fourthe parte shalbe devyded in thre partes wherof the chaunceler of Englond or lorde keper of the great seale for the tyme being shall have two partes and the (8) clerke

1 note 0. & nu. 28. 3 whiche 0. & nu. 28. 3 was nu. 28. 4 spedde 0.

excepted 0. & nu. 28. 6 and nu. 28. 7 O.&nu. 28. omit. 8 said 0. & nu. 28.

430

25 Henby Till. c. 21.

A.D. 1533-4.

Ifunder£4.and not under 40 s.

If under 40 s. and not under 26 s. 8d.

If under 26 s. 8 d. and not under 20 s.

If under 20 s.

IX.

Saving for dispensations by other prelates.

X.

Guardian of the spiritualties may act during vacancy of see.

of the ChaunSie the thride parte for hys paynes travayle and labours that he is lymytted to [wrytt*] and do by vertue of this Acte, and the seid thride parte of the hole taxe appointed to the seid archebishopp and hys officers (as is aforseid) shalbe devyded into thre partes, wherof the archebishopp shall have to hys use two partes and hys officers shall have the thride parte therof, of whiche thride parte to be devyded in two partes, the seid clerke or regester whiche shall fynde parchement waxe and sylke and shall devyse and [wrytt*] the seid dispensacions licences faculties rescriptes or other wrytynges and regester the same, shall have for hys seid labour and for receyvyng and repaying of the somes of money that shall come to his handes for dispensacions faculties licences and other rescriptes aforseid the one moytie therof, and the comyssary of the seid archebisshop appointid to seale the seid dispensacions faculties licences and other rescriptes shall have the other partie: And yf the taxe be under iiij ft. and not under xl s. then the seid taxe shalbe devyded into thre partes as is aforseid wherof the Kynges Highnes hys heires and successours shall have two partes therof abatyng iij s. iiij d. [shiche *] shalbe to the seid clerke of the ChaunSie for subscribyng entytlyng and enrollyng the seid dispensacions licences faculties rescriptes and other wrytyngf aforseid and receyvyng of the Kynges money soo taxed, and the archebishopp and hys officers shall have the thride parte, whiche thride parte shalbe devyded into two partes, wherof the archebisshop shall have the one entyerly to hym sel£ hys scribe and comyssary shall have the other parte therof egally to be devyded amonges theym for theire costes and paynes in that behalf: And yf the taxe be under xl s. and not under xxvj s. viij d. the same taxe shalbe devyded into two partes wherof the one parte shalbe to your Grace your heires and successours deductyng therof ij s. for the clerke of the ChaunSie for hys paynes as is aforseid, and the other parte shalbe to the seid archebisshop and hys officers, which other parte shalbe devyded into two partes wherof the archebishop shall have the one and hys comissarie and scribe shall have the other egallye devyded amonges theym: And yf the taxe be under xxvj a viij d. and not under xx s. the same shalbe devyded in two partes wherof your Grace your heires and Buccessours shall have the one parte entyerlie abatyng ij s. therof to the seid clerke of the ChaunSie, and the archebisshop and hys ofiycers shall have the other parte, and the same other parte shalbe devyded into thre partes wherof the archebisshop shall have one, hys comissarye the seconde, and hys scribe or regester the thride: And in case the tax be under xxs. the same shalbe pceyved to the use of the seid comissarye clerke of the seid archebisshop and clerke of the ChaunSie to be egally devyded amongest theym for theire paynes and labours by theym to be susteyned by auctoritie of this Acte as aforseid.

Provyded alwayes that this Acte shall not be prejudiciall to the arche-bisshopp of Yorke or to any bisshopp or prelate of this realme; but that they may lawfully (not withstondyng [this 4] Acte) dispence in all cases in which they were wonte to dispence by the comen lawe or custome of this realme afore the makyng of this Acte.

[Provyd,c] also and be it enacted by auctoritie aforseid that yf it happen the see of the archbishoppriche of Canturbury to be voyde, that then all suche [maner of licences *] dispensacions faculties instrument^ rescriptes and other

1 wryte 0. — wright nu. 28. 2 wryte O. writte nu. 28. 3 whiche 0. & nu. 28.

4 the nu. 28. 6 Provyded 0. & nu. 28 6 ma8 licence O. & nu. 28.

AJX 1533-4. 25 Henry VIII. c. 21. 431

wrytynges which may be graunted by vertue and auctoritie of this Acte shall during the vacacion of the same see be hadd done and graunted under the name and seale of the gardiane of the [spiritualities1] of the seid arche-bisshoprich for the tyme being accordyng to the tenour and fourme of this Acte, and shalbe of lyke force value and effecte as yf they had byn graunted under the name and seale of the archebishoppe for the tyme being.

And be it further enacted that yf the forseid archebisshop of Canturbury for the tyme being or the seid gardyan of the [spiritualities*] for the tyme being, herafter refuse or denye to graunte any licences dispensations facultyes instrument^ or other wrytynges, which they be auctorised to doo by vertue and auctoritie of this Acte in suche maner and forme as is afore remembred, to any person or persons that ought of a good juste and resonable cause to have the same, by reason wherof this present Acte by theire wylfulnes negligence or defaute shulde take none effecte, then the chaunoellour of Englonde or the lord keper of the great seale for the tyme being, uppon any compleynt therof made, shall directe the Kynges wrytte, to the seid archebisshop or gardyan denying or refusyng to graunt suche licences dispensations faculties or other wrytyngf, inyoynyng hym by the seid wrytte uppon a certeyne payne therin [to2] lymytted by the discression of the seid chauncelour or keper of the greate seale, that he shall in due forme graunt suche licence dispensacion facultie or other wrytyng accordyng to the requeste of the procurers of the same, or els signyfie [unto8] your Highnes your heires or successours in the Courte of ChaunSie at a 8ten day for what occasion or cause he refused and denyed to graunte suche licences faculties or dispensations; and yf it shall appere to the seid chancellour or lorde keper of the greate seale uppon suche Stificat that the cause of refusall or denyall of grauntyng suche licences facultie or dispensacion was resonable juste and good, that then soo being proved by due serche and examination of the seid chauncellour or lorde keper of the greate seale to be admyttyd and allowed; and yf it shall appere uppon the seid Styficat that the seid archebisshopp or gardiane of the spiritualties for the tyme being, of wylfulnes in contempnyng the due execucion of this Acte without a juste and resonable cause, refused or denyed to graunte suche licence facultie or dispensation, that then your Highnes your heires and successours being therof informed, after due examination had that suche licences faculties or dispensations may be graunted without offendyng the Holy Scriptures and lawes of God, shall have power and auctoritie in every suche case, for the default negligence and wylfulnes of the seid archibishopp or gardiane, to sende your wrytt of injuncion under your greate seale out of your seid Courte of ChanSie comaundyng the archebisshop or gardyane, that soo shall denye or refuse to grant suche licence facultie or dispensation, to make sufficient graunt therof accordyng to the tenour and effecte of this Acte, by a certayne day and under a certen payne in the seid wrytt to be conteyned and to be lymytted by your Highnes your heires or successours Kynges of this realrne: And yf the seid archibishop or gardiane, after the recept of the seid wrytt, refuse or denye to graunt suche licences faculties or dispensations as shalbe inyoyned hym by vertue of the said wrytte, and shewe and gve before your Majestie your heires or successours noo juste or resonable cause whye lie shuld soo doo, then the seid archebisshopp or gardyane that soo shall refuse

1 spualtees O. spualties nu. 28. * to be O. & nu. 28, 3 to nu. 28.

XL On refusal of the archbishop to grant licences required, a writ shall issue from Chancery enjoining him so to do or to shew cause; and thereon the chancellor may allow the cause or enjoin the granting of such licence; on refusal whereof the archbishop shall be subject to a penalty; and two prelates, &c. may be commissioned to grant such licence.

432

25 Henry VIII. c. 21.

A.D. 1533-4.

XXL Such licenced, &c. granted by such'two prelates, &c. shall be valid.

XIIL Intent of this Act; not to vary from the Christian Catholic faith; but to make politic regulations for the realm, &c.

XIV. Visitation of all monasteries, &c. exempt, shaUbeby commission

to put this Acte in execution accordyng to the seid wrytt of injundon, shall suffer lose and forfayte to your Highnes your heires and successours suche payne and penaltie as shalbe lymytted and expressed in the seid wrytt of injuncion; and over that it shalbe lawful to your Highnes your heires and successours for every suche defaulte and wylfulnes of the seid archebishop or gardyane for the tyme being, to geve power and auctoritie by ©omission under your greate seale to suche two spirituall prelatt? or persons to be named by your Highnes your heires or successours as woll do and graunt suche licences faculties and dispensations refused or denyed to be graunted by the seid archibishopp or gardiane in contempte of this Acte.

And be it further enacted by auctorytie aforseid that the seid two spirituall [persons or prelates l-] to whome in suche cases any suche (Emission shalbe directed, shall have power and auctoritie to graunt every suche licence facultie dispensation instrument and other wrytynges, soo refused to be graunted by the seid archebishop or gardyan for the tyme being, by an instrument under theire seales takyng lyke fees and charges for the same as is before rehersed and not above under the paynes afore remembred: And that every suche licence facultie and dispensation soo graunted for eny cases or matters wherunto any confirmation under the Kynges greate seale is appoynted by this Acte to be had in maner and forme above declared, shalbe had and opteyned accordyngly, and suche licences and confirmations shalbe had for lyke fees and charges as they are above specified and not above, under the paynes above mentioned; and that every suche licence facultie (*) dispensation and other wrytyng, to be graunted by the seid prelattes or persons to be assigned by the Kynges Highnes hys heires and successours as is afore seid, shalbe of as good value strengh and effecte and as beneficiall and profytable to the persons procuryng the same as yf they had byn made graunted and obteyned under the name and seale of the seid archebishop.

Provyded always that this Acte [nor8] any thyng or thynges therm conteyned shalbe herafter interpreted or expounded that your Grace your nobles and subject? intende by the same to declyne or vary from the congregation of Christis Churche in any thynges conSnyng the veray articles of the Catholyke feith of Christendom©; or in any other thenges declared by Holy Scripture and the worde of God necessarie for your and their salvations; but only to make an ordynaunce by polities necessary and convenyente to represse vice and for good conservation of this readme in pease unytie and tranquyllitie frome [ravyne* 4] and spoyle, insewing moche the olde aundent customes of this realme in that behalf, not myndyng to seke for any relefes succours or remedyes for any [wordlye5] thynges [and8] humayne lawesin any [clause7] of necessyyte but wythin this realme at the hand? of your Highnes your heires and successours Kynges of this realme, whiche have and ought to have an imperiall power and auctoritie in the same and not obliged in any [wordlye fi] causes to any other supiour.

Provyded alway that the seid archebisshopp of Canterbury© or any other pson or psons shall have noo power or auctoritie by reason of this Acte to vysite or vexe any monasfaes abbeys priories colleges hospitallis houses or other places religious whiche be or were exempte before the makyng of this

1 prelates or psons O. 2 and nu. 28. 8 or nu. 28.

4 ravyn 0. — raven nu. 28. 6 worldelie 0. 6 or nu. 28. 7 cause O & nu. 28.

25 Henry VIII. a 21.

433

Acte, any thynge in this Acte to the contrary therof not withstondyng; but that redresse vicitation and confirmation shalbe had by the Eynges Highnes hys heires and snccessonrs by comission under the greate seal© to be directed to suche persones as shalbe appoynted requysite for the same, in such monas?ies colleges hospitals* priories houses and places religious exempt; so that noo visitation [nor confirmation*] shall frome hensforth be had nor made in or at any suche monasteries colleges hospitallis priories houses and places religious exempt by the sayd Bysshop of Borne nor by any of his auctoryte nor by any out of the Kynges domynyons; nor that any person religious or other resiant in any the Eynges dominyons shall fromhensforth depart© out of the Eynges domynyons to or for any visitation congregation or assemble for religeon, but that all suche visytacyons congregatyons & assembles shalbe within the Eynges domynyons.

Provyded also that this present Acte or any thyng therm conteyned, or any licence or dispensation hereafter to be made by vertue and auctoritie therof, shall not extende to the repeale [or *] derogation of the late Acte made sith the begynnyng of the present Parliament for reformacion of pluralities of benefices and for [none 8] residences of spiritual! persons uppon theire dignities or benefices, nor to any thynge conteyned or mentioned in the seid Acte; nor that this Acte nor any thynge to be don by auctoritie therof shall not be taken expounded nor interpreted to geve licence to any person or persons to have any more nombre of benefices then is lymytted in the seid Acte; and that the same Acte for pluralities and [none *] residences of benefices and every thynge therin conteyned shall stonde good and effectuall in all intentes accordyng to the true meanyng therof; any thyng in this present Acte or any licence or dispensation to be had by auctoritie therof in any wyse not withstondyng.

And be it further enacted by auctoritie aforseid that yf any pson or psones subject or reseant within this realme or within any of the Eynges domynyons, at any tyme here after sue to the courte of Borne or the see of Borne or to any person claymyng to have hys auctoritie by the same, for any licence facultie dispensation or other thyng or thynges contrary to this Acte, or put in execution any licence facultie or dispensation or any other thyng or thynges here after to be opteyned frome Borne or the see of Borne, or frome any claymyng auctoritie by the same, for any of the causes above mentioned in this Acte or for any other causes that may be graunted by auctoritie of this Acte, or attempt or do any thyng or thynges contrary© to this Acte or maynteyne allowe admytte or obey any maner of censures ex* comunycacions interdictions or any other proces frome Borne of what name or nature soo ever it be, to* the derogation or lett of the execution of this Acte or of any thyng or thynges to be don by reason of the seid Acte, that then every suche pson or psones so doing offendyng and being therof convict© theire aydours counsaylours and abettourB shall incurre and ronne into the payne loose and penaltie comprised and specified in the Acte of pvytion and pre-munyre made in the sixetene yere of your most noble progenitour Eynge Richarde the Second© agaynst suche as sue to the courte of Borne agaynste your crowne and dignytie royall.

3 non O & nii. 28* E E

from the King, and not by the archbishop or the see of Rome.

XV. Saving for

the Act_______

31 Hen. VI1L c. 18. as to pluralities.

XVL Penalty on suing to Rome for licences, &c. premuniie, as under the Statute 16 Ric.IL cap. 6.

1 Interlined in original Act.

3 and mi. 28.

434

25 Henry VIII. c. 21.

A.D. 1533-4.

xvn. C) PROVYDED ALWAY that this Acte or any thynge therin conteyned shall

Rometoabbies not ^erea^er b0 baken [or *] expounded to the derogacion or takyng away of &c. shall re- * any grauntes or confirmacions of any liberties privyleges or jurisdiction of mam valid. any monastics [abbes *] prioryes or other houses or places exempte whiche here to fore the makyng of this Acte hath byn obteyned at the see of Rome or by auctoritie therof; but that every suche graunt and confirmacion shalbe of the same value force and effecte as they were afore the makyng of this Acte, and as yf this Acte (4) never ben made: Provided always that the abbottf priours and other cheif rulers and governors of suche monastics abbeys priories and other houses and places exempt, shall not hereafter pay any pension porcion or other cense to the see of Rome, nor admytt or accept any visitacion, nor any confirmacion frome or by the seid see of Rome or by auctoritie therof, of or for any person to be electe named or psentedto be ments of heads, of any SUche monasteries abbeys priories places or houses exempt; nor

shall make any corporall othe to the Bysshop of Rome otherwise called the Pope, uppon the paynes lymytted in this Acte: But that every suche visitacion and confirmacion of suche hedes electe in any suche monastics abbeys priories houses or places exempt, where after theire election thei were bounden to have and opteyne any confirmacion of theire elecdon or of the person named presented or electe, shalbe frome hensforth had made and don within this readme at and within every suche abbeys monasteries priories and other houses and places exempte, by suche person and persones as shalbe appoynted by auctoritie of the Kynges comission frome tyme to tyme as the [case5] shall requyre and not by the see of Rome nor by auctoritie therof; any thynge in this next proviso above specified to the contrary therof notwithstondyng.

Provyded always that in suche monasteries abbeys priories and houses exempte where after eleccion presentation or nomynacion of theire hedf no suche confirmacion is requysite to be had, nor hath byn used to be taken by reason of suche privileges as they have conSnyng the same, that in every

Bat no pension shall be paid to the eee of Rome;

nor visitations be made thereby,

nor appoint-

nor oath be made to the Pope.

But visitations, Ac. shall be made by commission from the King.

xvm.

Exception for J monasteries, Ac. privileged.

XIX. Proviso for certain licences, dispensations, Ac. obtained from Rome before 12 March 1533.

suche monasteries abbes priories and places exempt they shall not be bounden to obteyne have or take any confirmacion for the same within this realme by auctoritie of this Acte, but use theire privileges therin as they have don before the makyng of this Acte, any thyng in this Acte or any the provy-sions nexte above rehersed to the contrarie therof not withstondyng.

Provyded also and be it enacted, that this Acte or any thyng or thynges worde or wordes therin or in the preamble therof mencioned or conteyned, is not entended or mente nor shalbe expounded nor interpret that any dispen-sacions licences or confirmacions for maxiages graunted to any the Kynges subjectes borne under hys obeysaunce at any tyme before the xij^ day of Marche in the yere of our Lorde God M. D. xxxiijti shalbe [appayred or of any lease value strengh force or effecte then they were at the seid xij day of Marche; nor that this Acte or any thyng therin conteyned shall not extende to the derogacion [appayryng *] or adnullacion of any licences dispensadons confirmacions faculties or indulgences at any tyme before the seid xy#th day of Marche in the yere of our Lorde Good M. D. xxxiij had or obteyned at the see of Rome or by auctoritie therof, to or for any subjectes borne in this realme or

1 This and the four following provisoes are inserted in a schedule annexed to tbs original Act.

3 nor O & nu. 28. 3 abbeys 0. 4 had O 8c nu. 28. 6 cause me. 28.

6 appeyred 0 8c nu. 28. 7 appeyryng 0 & me. 28.

25 Henry VIII. c. 21.

435

in any the Kynges domynyons, or to or for the Hospitallof the Priour of Seynt Jones Jerusalem in Englonde or any comaundres or membres therof, or to or for any other [cathedrall churches1] hospitalles monasteries abbes prioryes collages conventuall churches [parochiall churches chapels* *] fraternities brotherheedes or bodies politike within this realms or in any other the Kynges dominyons; but that every suche licence dispensacion confirmation facultie and indulgence graunted before the seid xijth day of Marche to any suche subjects or to the seid Hospitall of the Pryour of Seynt Jones Jerusalem in Englonde comaundrees or membres therof or to any other [cathedrall churche1] hospitall monastic abbey priorye college churche conventuall [parochiall ehurche chapell2] fraternytie brotherheed or body politike or to theire prede-cessours or auncetours within this realme or in any other the Kynges domynyons, shalbe of the same force strength value and effects and may be frome tyme to tyme put in execution at all tymes herafter by and to theym that wyll use and have the same as they mought have byn afore the makyng of this Acte and as yf this Acte had never ben had ne made; any thyng in the seid Acte to the contrary herof not withstondyng.

Provyded always that suche licences dispensations confirmations or faculties heretofore obteyned at the see of Home or by auctoritie therof contrarye to the expresse provysions of the lawes and statutis of this realme heretofore made, shall not at any tyme herafter be used or put in execution in any case to the derogation or contrary to the seid lawes and statutes of this realme and the provysions of the same; any thyng in this provyso to the contrary therof not withstondyng.

A»d be it enacted by auctoritie of this present Parliament that the Kyng our soveraigne lorde by the advyse of hys honorable counsell shall have power and auctoritie frome tyme to tyme for the orderyng redresse and reformation of all maner of indulgences and privyleges therof within this realme or within any the Kynges domynyons here to fore obteyned at the see of Borne or by auctoritie therof, and of the abuses of suche indulgences and privileges therof, as shall seme good holsome and reasonable for the honour of God and weale of hys people. And that suche order and redresse as shalbe taken by hys Highnes in that behalf shalbe observed and firmely kepte uppon the paynes lymytted in this Acte for the offendyng of the contentes of the same.

(*) Provyded alwey and be yt enacted by auctoryte of thys psent Parlya-ment that this present Acte or any thing or thyng? therin conteyned shall not begynne to take effecte nor be putt in execucyon tyll the feast of the Natyvyte of Seynt John Baptyst next oomyng; except the Kyng? Majestye on thyssyde the said feast by his Ires patent? under his greate seale to be enrolled in the Parlyment Boll of this present Parlyament, do declare & expresse that yt is his pleasure that yt [shalbe 8] begynne & take effect at any tyme afore the sayd feast: And yf his Highnes happen so to do, that then ymedyatly after suche dedaracyon of his pleasure by his said Ires patent? in fourme aforsayd this sayd Acte shalbegyn & be put in execution afore the sayd

1 Interlined in original Act.

This and the following proviso are inserted in a second schedule annexed to the original Act.

9 shall 0.

XX. But such licences, &c. shall not be used contrary to law.

YYT. Indulgencies shall be reformed by the King and council.

xxn.

Commencement of Act; unless otherwise declared by the King's letters patent, &c.

436

25 Henry VIII. c. 21.

A.D. 1533-4

xxm.

His Majesty empowered to annul this Act within a certain period.

A ratifica-68n of the Acte for the exoSacyon of exaccyons payd to the see of Rome.

28.

feast accordyng to his sayd pleasure so to be declared by his sayd Ires patent?; eny thyng in this provyso to the cont^ry herof notwythstondyng.

And be it further enacted by auctoryte aforsayd that the Kyngf Majestye at all tymes on thyssyde the sayd feast shall have full power & auctoryte, by his ires patent? under his greate seale to be inrolled in the Parlyament Rolle of thys present Parlyament* to abrogate adnulle and utterly repele & make voyde this Acte and e9y thyng & thyng? therin conteyned, or else asmoche & suche therof as shalbe declared & lymytted on thyssyde the sayd feast by his sayd ires patent? to be voyde & repealed. And that all suche repele & adnullacyon so to be made in fourme aforsayd by his Highnes on thyssyde the sayd feast, shalbe as good & effectuall as thoughe it had bene done & hadd by auctoryte of Parlyament; eny thyng or thyng? conteyned in thys present Acte to the cont&ry herof not wythstondyng. And yf no suche repele be had or made by the Kyngf Majestye on thyssyde the sayde feaste in fourme as ys afore rehersed, that then the sayde Acte or asmoche & suche therof as shall not be repealed on thyssyde the said feast, shall ymedyatly after the sayd feast stonde fyrme good and effectuall & from thensforthe be putt in due executyon accordyng to the tenure therof; eny thyng in this Acte or in eny the gvysyons aforesaid to the contftry herof notwythstondyng. (*) 1 &

1 The last two clauses of this Act do not appear in any printed edition previous to

Cay's 1758. The royal assent was given by letters patent of 7 April 25 Hen. VILL as appears by the following entry on the roll in Chancery:

" Cui quidem Bille plect & ad plenu intellct p dcm dnm Regem ex assensu & auctoritate parliamenti predci tali? est responsum; Le Roy le volt.

" Memorand' qd septimo die Aprilis, anno regni Regis Henrici octavi vicesimo quinto, Idem Dhs Rex per tras suas patentes sub magno sigillo suo sigillat, actum pd£m ratificavit & confirmavit, & actui illo assensum suu regiu dedit put p easdem tras patentes cujus tenor sequitr in hec 9ba magis apte constat

" Rex Omib3 ad quos, &c. Sattm. Inspeximus quendam actum editum in Parlia-mento nFo inchoato Scio die Novembr anno regni nFi vicesimo primo & abinde p di9sas progacbes progat & adhuc continual; cujus quidem actus tenor sequitr in hec 9ba: Moost humbly besechen your moost Royall Magestie [repeating the whole of the preceding Act verbatim, with only such variations as are inserted in the foregoing Notes, and marked nu. 28. and then proceeding as follows :] Sciatis qd nos statutum Pdcm $ coi utilitate regni hri & subditojt nFojt fore considerantes, ac ad humilem peticbem tocius coitatis dci n?i pliamenti pcessu? ad quo{ subdito^ nfoj peticbem gfose moti h inclinati sum9, statutum pd5m & omia & singula in eodem content9, Excepta ilia clausula qd statutu illud non incipiet cape eifectum ante festum Nativitatis S5i Johis Bapte px futu? Ratificavim9 acceptavim9 approbavim9 & confirmavim9 ac p pseutes tras nFas patentes ratificam9 acceptam9 approbam9 & confirmam 9; Ac statutum illud

& omia & singula in eodem specific at except pexcept juxta auctoritatem nob in quadam pvisione eidem statuto annex concessam volum9 declaram9 & firtni? injungendo mandam9 in execucbem poni & demandari immediate post diem dat psenciu. Ita qd immediate post diem dat psenciu statutu illud incipiet cape eficm & in omib5 reputabitr in effcu. Et qd debite utetr obediet1 & observabit1 juxta tenorem ejusdem. Aliqu* clausula pvisionis in eodem statuto content sive eidem annex in contr^m in aliquo non obstante. In cujus rei testimoniu has tras nFas fieri fecim9 patentes in rotulo dci parliamenti nFl juxta tenorem & pvisionem statuti Pdci irrotuland. Teste me ipo apud Westm septimo die Aprilis anno regno nFi vicesimo quinto."

See the notes {to sect. 4.} of Stat. 23 Henry YHL c. 20. by which it appears that that Act was confirmed on the 9th of July preceding the beginning of the session in which this present Act was passed.

26 HENRY VIII. A.D. 1534.

437

&X RotuIo ^arliammtt tie anno rejjnt aeugfe Rennet #rtabt, Wtce^uno gtjrto.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BY PROROGATION at Westminster, on the Third Day of November,

In the TWENTY-SIXTH Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIII.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte conceminge the paiment of First© Fruites of all dignities benefices and pmocyons spiritual .; & also concerning© one annuell pencyon of the tenthe parte of all the possessions of the Churche, spirituall and temporall, graunted to the Kinges Highnes & his heires.

TT^OR ASMOCHE as it is & of verie dutie ought to be the naturall in- Necessity of clinacion of all good people lyke moste faithfull lovynge and obedyent subjectes sincerely and willingly to desire to gvyde not onely for the publike crown: weale of theire natife contrey, but also for the supportacion mayntenaunce and defence of the royall estate of their moste drade [benige1] and gracious© soveraign lorde, uppon whom and yn whom dependith all their joye and welthe, yn whom also is united and knyt so princely a harte and courage myxed wythe mercy wysdome and justice, and also a naturall affeccion joyned to the same, as by the greate inestimable and benevolent argumentes therof beinge moste bountefully largely and many tymes shewyd mynystred and approvyd towardes his lovynge and obedyent subjectes hathe well aperid, whiche requireth a lyke correspondence of gratitude to be considered accordiuge to their moste bounden duetyes; wherfore his said humble and obedyent subjectes as well the lordes spyrituall and temporall as the commons yn this jlsent Pliament assembled callinge to their remembraunce not onely the many-folde and innumerable benefyttes dayly admynistred by his Highnes to them all, and to the resydue of all other his subjectes of this realme, but also ho we longe tyme his Majestic hathe moste victoriously by his high wisedome and polycye protectyd defendyd and governyd this his realme and mayntenyd his people and subjectes of the same yn tranquylite peace unyte quyetnes and welthe; and also considering© what greate excessyve and inestimable charges his Highnes hathe heretofore benne at and susteyned by the space of fyve and twenty hole yeres, and also dayly susteynethe for the maynten*nce tuyeion and defence of this his realme and his lovynge subjectes of the same, whiche can not be susteyned and borne without some honorable provycion and remedy may be founde gvyded and ordeyned for mayntenaunce therof, do therfore desire and moste humbly praye that for the more suretye of con-tynuance and augmentacion of his Highnes royall astate, beinge not onely now© recognysed (as he alwayes yn dede heretofore hathe bynne,) the only

1 benynge O.

438

26 Henry VIII. c. 3.

A.D. 1534

First-fruits, revenues, and profits for one year, of every spiritual pro* motion or benefice, granted to the King; for which the party promoted shall agree before taking possession.

H

Commissioners empowered to value benefices and compound for first-fruits.

How securities and money shall be kept and accounted for.

supreme [heed in yerthel] nexte and ymmediately under God of the Church© of England©, but also their moste assured and undouted naturall sovereign© liege lord and Kynge havynge the hole governaunce tuycion defence and maynten*nce of this his realme and moste lovynge obedyent subjectes of the same: It may therfore be ordeyned and enactyd by his Highnes and the lordes spiritual! and temporall and the commons yn this psent plyament assembled and by auctoryte of the same yn manor and fourme folowynge; that is to saye, that the Eynges Highnes his heyres and successoures Kynges of this realme shall have and enjoye frome tyme to tyme, to endure for ever, of everie suche person© and persones whiche at any tyme after the fyrste daye of Januarye nexte eomynge shalbe nomynatyd electyd prefected presentyd collated or by any other meanes appoynted to have any archebusshopriche, bisshopriche, abbacye, monasterie, priori, college, hospitalle archedeacomy, deanry, provestship, prebende, parsonage, vicarage, chauntrie, frechapell, or other dignitie benyfice office or promocion spirituall within this realme or els where within any of the Kynges domynions, of what name nature or qualytie so ever they be or to whose foundacion patronage or gyfte so ever they belonge, the fyrste fruytes revenewes and gfytes for one yere of every suche archebyshoppriche byshoppriche abbacye monasterie priori college hospitalle archedeconry deanry gvestshipp prebende psonage vicarage chauntrie frechapell or other dignitie benefice office or promocion spirituall afore namyd, whemnto any suche parson or psones shall after the saide first dale of Januarie be nomy-nated electyd prefectyd presentyd collatyd or by any other meanes appoynted; and that everie suche person© and parsonnes, before any actuall or real pos-sessyon or medlinge withe the profites of any suche archebishopriche byshoppriche abbacy monasterie college hospital! deanry provestshipp prebende parsonage vicarage chauntrie free chapell priorie or other dignytie benefice office or promocion spirituall, shall satisfie contents and paye or compownde or agree to paye to the Kinges use at reasonable dayes upon good sureties the said fyrste fruites and profytes for one yere.

And be yt also enactyd by auctoryte aforesaid that the chauncelour of England© and mayster of the rolles for the tyme beinge joyntly and severally, or suche other person and parsonnes as shall please the Kinges Highnes his heires or successoures frome tyme to tyme at his or their pleasure to name and depute by commyssion or commyssions under the great© scale, shall have power and auctoryte aswell to examyne and serche for the juste and true value of the said first© fruites and profites by all wayes and meanes that they canne, as to compounds and agre for the rate of the said first© fruites and profites and to stall and lymytte reasonable dayes for paiment thero£ upon good and sufficient suertie or suerties by writinges obligatorie by their discretions; and yf composition or agrement be had or made for the said first© fruites before the said lorde chauncelour or maister of the rolles, that than the writinges obligatory or money taken for the same shall rest© remayne and abide yn the hanaper of the Kinges Chauncerie there savely to be kept© to the Kinges use; and the money to be due of suche writinges obligatorie or to be receyved in hand by reason of any suche composition shalbe payed yn the said hanaper to the clarke of the hanaper for the tyme beynge, and that the said clarke of the

1 bede in erthe O.

26 Henry VIII. a 3.

439

h&n&per shall make a true and a juste accompte therof, like as he is bound© to do of the money receyved of the profites of the Kinges greate seal©: And yf composicion or agrement be had or made for the said first© fruites afore any other parson or persones to be deputed by the Kinges Highnes his heires or successoures by comyssion under his greate seale, that.then the writinges oblygatory and money taken for the same shalbe delyverid to the treasorour of the Kynges most© honorable chaumber for the tyme being©, or eles where to whom it shall please the Kinges Highnes his heires or successoures to gyve auctorite by comyssion under his greate seale to receyve the same.

And it is also ordeyned and enactyd by auctoryte aforesaide that everie writinge of acquitaunce subscribed withe the hande and name of the clarke of the hanaper and treasorer of the chamber, or other comissioners aforesaide or any of theyme, witnessing© the receypt of the said first© fruites or any parte therof, shall be as good and effectual! agaynste the Kinges Highnes his heires and successoures to everie parson and parsones havynge the same, for so myche money as shalbe mencyoned to be receyved and conteyned yn everie suche acquitaunce, as yf suche acquitaunce were or had bynne lawfully hadde and opteyned yn the Kynges name under the Kinges greate seale and so shalbe admitted acceptid & alowid and taken yn everie of the Kinges courtes: And that all writinges obligatory to be taken for payment of the sayd fyrste fruytes by and afore the said lorde chauncelour or maister of the rolles or by and afore any other person© or persones to be deputyd to compound© and agre for the said first© fruytes as is aforesaide, shalbe of the same strength force vertue qualite and effect to all ententes and purposes as writinges oblygatory heretofore made by any lay© parsone by auctoryte of the Statute of the Staple ben; and that uppon certificat hereafter to be made yn the Kynges Chauncerie of any suche writynges obligatory to be taken for payment of suche fyrste fruytes, like processe and execusion shalbe theruppon made and had ayenste any person spirituall or temporall as hathe benne accustomyd to be made ayenst any lay parson upon certificate of writinges obligatory of the said Statute of the Staple; and that no persone shalbe compellid to paye for any writinge obligatory to be made for the said payment of the said fyrste fruytes above viij d. nor for any acquyetaunce to be made for receipt of suche firste fruites above iiij d. And that suche parsone and persones as shalbe deputyd by the Kynges Highnes by comyssion under the greate seale to compounde and agre for the said firste fruytes shall at the ende of everie yj monthes next after the date of their comyssion, and so from yj monthes to yj monthes delyver or cause to be deliveryd unto the treasorer of the chamber for the tyme beynge, or els where to suche comyssioners as shalbe appoynted as is aforesaid to receyve the same, as well all suche money as all suche specialties and bondes as they shall have taken for the payment of the said firste fruytes by indenture to be made betwene them and the said treasorour or other comyssioners as is aforesaide, conteyninge the certeyntie and numbre of the sdmes of money and specialties and bondes by them taken and receyved. And yf any persone or parsones to whom any deputation shalbe made by comyssion to compound and agre for the payment of the said fyrst fruytes, their heires executours or admynistra-tours, concede or imbecill any of the said specialties or bondes taken for the sure payment of the said fyrste fruites and do not deliver them accordinge to

IIL

Acquittances for such first-fruits.

Obligations for first-fruits sba.ll be valid as statutes-staple.

How commissioners shall account.

Penalty on them for misapplying securities.

440

26 Henby VIII. c. 3.

A.D. 1534.

IV. Penalty upon intruders into livings before composition; doable the value of the first fruits.

V.

All other first fruits shall cease.

VI. Archbishops, &c. may give institution, &c«

vm.

A yearly tenth of all spirituall livings, granted to the King;

the tenoure of this Acte that then eyerie suche offendour shall forfayte that office of deputacion and over that make fyne and raunsome at the Kinges owne pleasure & wylL

And it is also enactyd by auctoryte aforesaid, that yf any persone or persones whiche at any tyme after the said firste day of January shalbe nomynated elected pfectyd psentyd collated, or by any other meanes appoynted, to any of the dignyties offices benefices or other promocions spirituall before mencioned, do entre yn to the actuall and reall possessions therof or medle withe the pfites therof before they shall have truly satisfyed and payde to the Kinges use the firste fruites and profites therof for one yere, or els shall have agreed or compounded for payment of the same at reasonable dayes uppon good suerbiee in maner and fourme as by this Acte is above especified, that than everie suche pson and parsones so doinge and offendinge and being© therof convycte by psentment verdyt confession or wytnesse, before the said lorde chauncelour or suche other as shall have auctoryte by cdmyssion to compound© for the saide firste fruites and pfites as is aforesaid, shalbe acceptyd and takyn an entruder upon the Kynges possession; and that they their executours or administratours shall paye to the use of the Kinges Highnesse for everie suche offence so moche s5mes of money as shall amount© to the double value of the said firste fruites and pfyttes of suche dignyties benefices or other spirituall promocions, wherin they shall so entre and entrude before the payment of the said fyrate fruites and pfittes for one yere therof or before due agrement made for the same yn maner & fourme as is above rehersid.

And be it further enacted by auctoryte aforesaide that the firste fruites of benefices heretofore accustomyd to be paide to the bisshoppe of Norwyche within his dioces, and to the archdeacon of Richemounde within his arch-deanrye, or to any other psonne or psones within this realme or any other the Kynges domynions shall from the said firste daye of Januarie cesse and be extinct, and no longer be payde but onlye to the Kynges Highnes his heyres and successoure, yn suche fourme as is above mencioned yn this Acte.

Pbovyded alwayes that archebysshoppes & bysahoppes & all other havynge jurisdiction [ordinare *] maye gyve & delyver letters of institucion & induccyon as they myght do before the makinge of this Acte without any offence of any article conteyned yn this Acte, any thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contone thof notwithstanding.

And over this be it enacted by auctorite aforsayd that the Kynges Majestie his heires and successoure Kynges of this realme, for more augmenta-cion and mayntenHice of the roysdl estate of his ymperiall crowne and dignyte of supreme [heed *] of the Churche of Englande, shall yerely have take enjoye and pceyve unyted & knytte to his ymperyall crowne for ever, one yerely rente or pension amountyng to the value of the tenthe parte of all the revenues rentes fermes tithes offerynges emolument^ & of all other pfittes, aswell callyd spirituall as temporall, nowe apperteynyng or belongyng or that hereafter shall belong to any archebisshopriche, bysshopriche, abbacye, monasterie, priorie, archdeaconry, decanry, hospitall, college, howse collegyat.

1 ordinary O.

a hede 0.

A.D. 1534. 26 Henbt YIIL c. 3. 441

prebend, cathedrall cborche, collegiate churche, conventuall churche, parsonage, vicarage, channtrie, frechappell, or other benefice or promocion spirituall of what name nature or qualite so ever they be withein any diocese of this re&lme or yn Wales; the said pensyon or annuell rent to be yerely payde for ever to oure saide soveraygne lorde to his heyres and successoures Kynges of this realme atte the feaste of the Naty vy te of oure Lorde God, and the firste payment therof to begynne at the feaste of the Natyvyte of oure Lorde God whiche shalbe yn the yere of oure Lorde God M I> xxxv. and to be paide yerely by suche as shalbe appoynted to have the colleccyon therof by this Acte, yn suche maner and fourme as shall hereafter be lymytted by this Acte, before the firste daye of Aprill yerely next foloinge after the said feaste of the Natyvyte of oure Lorde.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by auctoryte aforesaide that the saide yerely rent and pensyon shalbe taxid rated levyed pceyved & payed to the Kynges use, his heires and successours, yn maner and fourme hereafter to be declarid by this Acte, that is to saye; that the chauncelour of Englande for the tyme beynge shall have power and auctoryte to dyrecte ynto everie dyoces yn thys realme and yn Wales severall comyssions yn the Kynges name under his greate seale, aswell to the archebusshoppe or busshoppe of everie such dyoces as to suche other parsone or parsones as the Kynges Highnes shall name and appoynte, comaundynge & auctorisinge the said cdmyssioners so to be named yn everie suche cdmyssion, or iij of them at the leaste, to examyn serche and enquyre by all the wayes and meanes that they can by their dyscrecions, of and for the true and just hole & entyere yerely values of all the mantra londes tenement? hereditament? rent? tythes offeringes emolument? and all other pfittes aswell spirituall as temporall apperteyninge or belonginge to any archebusshopriche, busshoprich, abbacye, monasterie, priorie, archdeaconry, [deanry,1] hospitall, college, howse collegyate, prebend, cathedrall churche, collegiat churche, conventuall churche parsonage, vicarage, chauntrie, frechappell, or to any other benefice or promocion spirituall within the lymyttes of their comyssion; withe a clause to be conteyned in everie suche comyssion that the said comyssioners or iij of them at the leaste shall deducte and alowe yn the makynge and ratinge of the saide yerely values of the premisses these deduceyons folowinge and none other, that is to saye; the rentes resolute to the chief lordes, and all other annuell and ppetuall rentes and charges whiche any spirituall person or persones ben bounden yerely to paie to any pson orpsons to ther heires or successours. for ever, or to gyve yerely yn almes by reason of any foundacyon or ordynaunce, and all fees for stewardes receyvours baylyffes and auditors and synodes and proxis; withe an other clause to be also conteyned yn everie suche comyssion that the said comyssioners or iij of them at the leaste shall certifie under theyr seales at suche dayes as shalbe lymytted by the said comyssions, aswell the hole and entiere value as the deduceyons aforesaid of everie archebysshyprich, bysshoprich, abbacye, monasterie, priorie, archdeaconrie, deanry hospitall, college, howse collegiate, prebend, cathedrall churche, collegiate churche, conventuall churche, psonage, vicarage, chauntrie, frechapell and of all other benefices and promotions spirituall.

to be payable at Christmas.

IX. Commissions shall be awarded to enquire of the value of the benefices in every diocese.

Deductions

allowable,

[And see 5 XXV.]

Certificate of such value.

1 denry 0.

442 '

26 Henrt VIII. & 3.

A.D. 1534.

X.

Power and oath of commissioners.

XL

Tenths shall be calculated on such certificates; and charged on all benefices within their proper benefices.

xn.

Archbishops and bishops charged with the collection and payment of all the tenths.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by auctoryte aforesaide that the saide comyssioners that sh&lbe so appoynted, or iij of them at the leaste, shall have fall power & auctoryte to do accomplysshe and execute the effect? & contentf of theyr saide comyssions in every behalf, and that e9y the said comyssioners before they shall execute theyr said comyssion shall receyve & take a corporall othe before the lorde chauncelour, or before suche other as shalbe appoynted by the said chauncellour by the Kynges writte of dedim9 potestatem, that they shall diligently and truly without favour affeccion fraude covyn mede drede or corrupcion do fulfill & execute the hole effectf & content? expressid yn everie suche cdmyssion within the limytt? therof to their connynge wittf & uttermoste of their [power.1]

And it is ordeyned & enactyd by auctoryte aforesaide that after snche certificat made by the saide comissioners, the said yerely rente and pension of the tenthe pte shalbe sett taxid rated and taken justly & truly & indifferently, by the treasorer chauncellour chamberlayne and barons of the Kynges Eschequyre, of & out of the dere yerely value of the pmisses that shall be above the deduccions above mencyoned & none other wyse; and that everie archebysshopriche, bysshopriche, abbacie, monasterie, priorie, archedeaconry, deanry, hospitalle, college, howse collegate, prebende, cathedrall churchy collegyate churche, conventuall churche, parsonage, vicarage, chauntrie, fre-chappell or other benefice or promocion spirituall, shalbe severally & dystinctly taxed chargyd & chargeable yn the propre dyocese where they bene, for the payment of suche porcion of the said tenthe parte as shalbe taxed and sette uppon theym by auctoryte of this Acte, that is to saye; everie of theym by and for theymselfes shalbe taxid charged & chargeable in the gpre dyocese wher they benne, for the tenthe parte of the yerely value of their possessions & profittes to theym belonginge, where so ever their sayde possessions & profyttes shall happen to be or lye yn any parte of this realme or elles where yn any the Kynges domynions; & that none of theym shalbe chargyd or chargeable for the payment of the others charge or porcyon.

And it is also enacted by auctoryte aforesaide, that after suche certificate made ynto the Kynges Eschequyre and taxe sette of the tenthe parte infourme above remembrid, everie archebysshoppe & bysshoppe nowe beinge & that hereafter shalbe (*) chargyd and chargeable to levye collecte and receyve within their propre dyoces, aswell yn places exempt as not exempt* all suche somes of money wherwith the dignyties benefices & other promodons spirituall afore mencyoned within their dyoces chargeable by this Acte, shalbe sette taxed & charged towardes the payment of the saide yerely pension, & shall paye & contents the said somes of money yerely before the said firste daie of Aprill to the treasorer of the Kinges chamber for the tyme beynge, or to any other psone or psones whome hit shall please the King? Highnes to appoynt to receyve the same. And that everie of the said archebysshopes and bysshopyes their executours & admynistratours and the possessions of their dignities and churches shall stande chargid and chargeable for the sure & true payment of suche somes of money as they shall collecte & receyve of the said yerely rent 1 2

1 powers 0.

2 Printed copies here insert the words u shall bo " which appear wanting in the original, and on the roll.

A.D. 1534.

26 Henby VIII. o. 3.

443

& pension. And that the treaeorer chauncelor chamberlayn & barons of the Kyngf Eschequer shall yerely cause gcesse to be made by their discretions for none payment of the said pencion or yerely rente or any pcell therof, aienste everie archbysshoppe & bysshoppe of this realme that is to sale, agaynste everie archbysshoppe & bysshoppe for so moche parte & porcyon of the saide pencion & yerely rente wherwithe the dignities beneficf & other gmocions spirituall afore mencioned within his dyoces shalbe taxed & charged, so that eyerie of the saide archbisshopps & bisshopps shalbe charged and chargeable for the rate & porcion of the said yerely rente & pencion sette & taxed within his owne peculyer dyoces & none otherwise.

And be it also enacted by auctoryte aforesaid that eyerie archebisshope and bysshoppe shall have power & auctorite to levye take & pceyve, by auctorite of censures of the Churche or by distresse or otherwise by their discrecyon, all suche somes of money as shalbe rated taxed & sette, to go out of the londf tenement? hereditament? profittes and emolumentes of any dignitie office benefice or other place or pmocion spuall within their diocese towardes the payment of the said yerely rente & pencion; and that no replevyn prohibition nor supsedeas upon any excomunicacyon, nor any other writte or impediment, shalbe sued alowed or [abeyedx] for any psone or psones makinge default of payment of suche parte & portion as they shalbe rated & taxed unto by auctorite of this Acte, till suche tyme as they have truly satisfied their said parte & porcion to theym allotted of the said yerely rente and pencion.

And it is also enacted by auctoryte aforesaid, that when so ever and as often as any of the [archebisshoppriches or bisshoppriches *] happen to be voyde, that then the deane & chapiter of the chathedrall churche, or the priour and oonvente, or chapiter or convent of the monasterie or cathedralle churche, where the see of suche [archbishoppriche or bysshopriche 8] being voyde shall happen to be, duringe the tyme of the vacation therof, and their executours admynistratours and possessions, shalbe charged & chargeable to do and cause to be donne all and everie thing© and thinges for the due execucions, of this Acte within the diocesse of suche [archebysshopriche or bysshopriche 4] beinge voyde as the same archbyssoppe or bysshoppe of the se beinge voyde shulde have donne, according as hit is lymettyd and appoynted by this Acte or by any thinge therin conteyned.

And hit is ordeyned and enacted by auctorite aforesaide that yf any some of money beinge ones due by any incumbent of any the dignities benefices or promotions spiritualle afore especified, charged to the payment of the said yerely pencion & annuell rente, be reasonably demaunded and required any tyme after the said feaste of the Nativytie of oure Lorde, at their dignities monasteries priories hospitalles colleges churches chauntries or howses by the archbysshoppe or bysshoppe, or suche as shalbe chargid withe the collection of anye parte of the said pencion or by any other their mynisters servauntes or officers, to paye suche portion of the said pencion & yerely rente as they shalbe taxed & assessid unto, be not truly content© and paide unto suche arche-byashope or bysshopp, or their minysters & officers or to suche other psone or

Process against them to compel payment

XITT. How archbishops, &c. shall levy such tenths.

XIV. Deans and chapters shall execute this Act during vacation of any sees.

XV.

On default in payment of tenths the incumbent shall be deprived of all his benefices.

1 obeyed O.

9 So in original Act.

9 archebusshoppes or busshoppes O. 4 archebusshoftehe or busshopche O.

444

26 Henry VIII a 3.

A.D. 1534.

XVI.

Archbishops, &c. certifying default of incumbent shall be discharged; and process awarded against incumbent

xvn.

Acquittances of commissioners shall be discharges for tenths.

psone8 or their ministers or servauntf as shall have the charge of collection therof, everie yere yerely at the tyme of suche requests & demaunde therof, or elles within forty dayes next after everie suche requieste at the furtheste, that then everie incumbent makings suche default of payment, after suche default therof certified ynto the Kynges Eschequer yn writinge under the seales of any archbysshoppe or bysshope, or of suche as be lymetted & charged to the collection of the said pension by this Act, shalbe adjuged deprived, ipso facto, of all suche dignities benefices pencions & gmocions spirituall as any suche incumbent makinge suche default shall have at the tyme of suche certificate to be made or at any tyme after; so that all suche dignities benefices pencions and promotions spirituals whiche any incumbente makinge suche default of payment shall have, at the tyme of any suche certificate to be made or at any tyme after, shalbe clerely voide & destitute of incumbente yn the lawe, to all intent? & purposes as if suche incumbente makinge suche defaulte of payment were deade yn dede.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by auctorite aforesaide, that yf any arch-bisshoppe or bisshoppe, or any other limytted and charged by this Acte to the colleccion & payment of the said pencyon & annuell rente, do make a certificate ynto the Kynges Eschequer before the said fyrste dale of Aprill, or at any tyme within xxiiijti dayes nexte after the said fyrste daie of Aprill, that they accordinge to this Acte have reasonablie required & demaunded any incumbent of any dignitie benefice or gmocion spirituall chargeable by this Acte, to paie suche parte & porcion of the said pencion & annuell rente as they shall happen to be assessed unto, & that suche incumbent so beinge requyred hath not payde his saide parte & porcion accordinge to the fourme & effect of this Acte, that then everie suche archbysshoppe & bysshoppe, & everie other psone havynge the charge by this Acte for colleccion & payment of the saide pencion & annuell rente, upon everie suche certificate shalbe discharged & acquited for ever agaynste the Kynge, hys heires & successoures, of and for all suche somes of money as any suche incumbent agaynste whom such certificate shalbe made shulde or oughte to have paide by this Acte; and that then yn everie suche case the [treasore,1] chauncelour chamberlayue & barons of the Kynges Eschequer shall devyse & dyrecte upon everie suche certificate suche pcesse oute of the Kyngf Eschequere, agaynste everie suche incumbent agaynste whom any suche certificate shalbe made and their executours & adminystratours, or for insufficiencie of theym agaynste the successoures of everie suche incumbent, wherby the Kynges Highnes his heires & successours shall & maie be trewely answerid paide & contented of suche porcion & parte as the incumbent agaynste whom any suche certificate shalbe made, was taxed & assessed for his dignities benefices or gmocions spirituall chargeable by this Acte.

And y t is also ordeyned & enacted by auctorite aforesaide, that all maner of acquitances made by the treasorer of the Kynges chambre, or by any other suche cSmyssioners as shalbe appoynted as is aforesaide to receyve the said pencion or any parte therof, & subscribed withe the name of the said treasourer or any other suche comyssioner, for the payment-of the said pencion or annuell rente or any parte therof to any suche psone or parsones as be lymytted &

1 treasorer 0.

A.D. 1534.

26 Henry VIII. c. 3.

445

charged with the colleccion therof, shall be of as good strengths force vertue

& effecte to the pties havynge the same as yf they were made in the Kynges

name under his greate seale, and so shall be alowed admytted & acceptid in

all courtes of this realme; and that the treasourer chauncelour chamberlayn

& barons of the Kynges Eschequer shall by vertue & auctorite of this Acte

aswell admytte and allowe suche acquitaunces as all suche certificates as shall

be made agaynste any incumbent for defaulte of payment as is above saide

uppon the accompte of everie archbysshoppe & bysshoppe and of everie other

parsone lymytted & charged by this Acte for the colleccion and payment of

the said pencion & annuell rente without any writte bille or warraunt to be

sued in or for that behalff; and that noo maner of officer of the Kyngf No fees in the

Eschequer shall take of any archbysshoppe or bysshoppe or of any other

parsone havynge charge withe the colleccion & payment of the said pencion or tenths.

annuell rente, any maner rewarde or thinge for makinge their accompte or

quietus est in the same Eschequer or for any maner of thinge apperteyninge

to the same conSnynge the said pencion & annuell rente, upon peyne of everie

officer doinge contrarie to this Acte to lose & forfaite his office & make fyne to

the Kynge at his will & pleasure.

And forasmoche as everie incumbent of the dignities benefices & promocions XVUL spirituall afore mencioned shalbe chargyd by this Acte to the payment of the Xth parte of the value of their dignities benefices & promocions . spirituall, tenth of without any deduccion or allowance of suche pencyon or pencions wherwithe out*

some of theym bene charged to paie to their predicessoures duringe their of their lyves, or to other psones to the use of suche their pdicessoures duringe their lyves, it is therfore ordeyned & enactyd by auctorite aforesaide that hit shalbe laufoll to everie incumbent chargid withe any suche pencyon payable to any his [precessoures *] or to any to his use to receyve & kepe yn his hande the tenthe parte of everie suche pencyon; and that everie suche incumbent and his suerties shall frome henseforthe be acquyted & discharged of the said tenthe parte of everie suche pencion by vertue & auctorite of this presente Acte; any decree ordinaunce or assignement of any ordinarie or any collateralle writinge or suertie made for suche pencion to any spirituall parsone or parsones, or to any to their uses for terme of their lyves, yn any wyse not withstandinge; and that aswell everie incumbent as suche parsones as stonde bounden for bym for payment of any suche pencions shall pleade this Acte in everie of the Kynges courtes for the clere extinguyshmente & discharge of the tenthe parte of everie suche pencion.

And be it also ordeyned & enacted by auctorite aforesaide that no pencyon ttt shall hereafter be assigned by the ordynarie, or by any other maner of agre-ment by collateralle suertie or otherwise, upon any resignacion of any dignitie served beyond or benefice or promocion spirituall, above the value of the thirde parte of the dignytie benefice or promocion spirituall resigned; and yf any pencion any benefice, amountinge above the valewe of the thirde parte of the dignitie benefice or promocion spirituall heretofore resigned be all redy lymytted & made sure to any spirituall parsone or parsones by decree of the ordinarie or otherwyse by any collateralle suertie, or hereafter shall happen to be assigned & made sure to any parsone or parsones spirituall or to any other to their use by decree of the ordinarie or by any other collateralle suertie upon any resig- 1

1pdece«aours O.

446

26 Henby VIII. c. 3.

A.D. 1534.

xxn.

How deans, masters, prebendaries, fellows, &c. of cathedrals, colleges, &c. shall be charged to the first-fruits.

XXIII. Incumbents of benefices under eight marks shall not pay first-fruits till after three years, &c.

nacion therof, yet never the les the incumbent chargyd withe suche pencyon nor his suerties collaterall shall not be compellyd to pay any more pencyon than the value of the thirde parte of his dygnitie benefice or promotion spirituall soo resigned shall mounte unto; but shall by auctorite of this Acte be derely acquyted & discharged of soo moche of the saide pencyon as shall amounte above the value of the thirde parte of the dignytie or benefice resygned; any decree or assignement of the ordynarie or any coll&ter&De writinges or suerties heretofore made or hereafter to be hadde or made for the same to the contarye therof not withstandyng.


And for asmoche as yn sondrye & manye cathedrall churches colleges & hospitalles of this realme ther is & tyme oute of mynde hathe bene certayne ordinances ynstituted & made, wherby the deane, provoust, mayBter or other chiefe govemoure of suche churches colleges & hospitalles, bathe a certayne parte or porcyon of the possessions and profittes belonginge to suche churches colleges & hospitalles, all onely lymytted and belonginge to their offices & dignyties; and everie prebendarie, brother, vicar, fellowe, petie canon and other mynysters spirituall yn suche churches colleges & hospitalles hathe another porcyon alonly & distinctly lymytted apperteyninge and belonginge to theyr dignyties & offices yn suche churches hospitalles & colleges; it ys therefore provyded & ordeyned by auctorite aforesaide that suche persone and persones, whiche at any tyme after the saide firste daie of Januarie shalbe nomynated electid presentyd pfected collated or by other means appoynted to be deane provost mayster or other chiefe govemoure of suche cathedrall churches colleges or hospitalles, shalbe rated compound and paye for theyr fyrste fruytes but onely after the rate of the yerely value of the possessions & profittes lymytted & belonginge to their office and dignytie: And that everie other person and persones that after the said fyrste daye of Januarie shalbe nomynatyd elected presented prefectyd collated or by any other me&nes appoynted to have any prebende, brotherahipe, felowshippe or to be any vicar or petie canon or to have any other dignytie or office spirituall yn any suche cathedrall churches, colleges, or hospitalles, shalbe rated compounde & paye for theyr fyrste fruytes after the rate of the yerely value of the possessions & profyttes lymytted & belonginge to their dignyties & offices yn suche churches colleges & hospitalles & none other wise; any thinge yn this Acte to the contrarie hereof yn any wyse notwithstanding.

Provyded alwayes that suche persone or persones that after the saide fyrste daye of January© shalbe presented & collated to any psonage or vicarage wherof the yerely value shall not excede eyght markes, shall not be compellyd to paye any firste fruytes for any suche psonage or vicarage whereunto they shall be presentyd or collated not beinge above the said yerely value of eyght markes; except© that the incumbent presented or collated to suche psonage or vicarage whereof the yerely value shall not excede eyght markes do lyve thre yeree nexte & imedyately folowinge after his institucion ynduccion or collation to suche personage or vicarage; and yf suche incumbent do [lyel] after the saide thre yeres, then he or his executoures or adminystratours shall paye at dayes to be lymytted after the saide yeres, upon suerties as is aforesaide, the

*liff 0>

A.D. 1534.

26 Henby VIII. c. 3,14.

447

fyrste fruytes of everie suche psonage & vicarage, and that yn everie obli-gacion to be made by eny incumbent of suche psonage or vicarage & his suertyes, for payment of the fyrste fruytes of suche psonage or vicarage, ther shalbe conteyned a proviso, that yf the said incumbent dye within thre yeres nexte after the date of the institucion induccion or collacion of the said psonage or vicarage that then the oblygacion shalbe voyde and of none effecte; any thinge yil this Acte to the contrarie hereof not withstandinge. Provyded also that all suche fees whiche any archbyshoppe byshoppe abbot priour or other prelate of the Churche is bounden yerely to paye to any chauncello* mayster of the rolles justices shiryffes or other officers or mynysters of records, for temporall justice to be done or mynystred within their dyoces or jurisdiccions, shalbe alowed & deducted by the c5myssioners aforesaide in & upon the valuation of the dignyties monasteries priores or churches chargeable with suche fees; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarie hereof not withstandinge.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for noiacon and consecracyon of Suffragans .wythin this Realme.

A LBE TT that sythen the begynnynge of this present Plyament good and honerable ordenaunces and statutes have ben made and establyshed for elections presentacions consecracions and investynge of archebyshops and bishops of this realme and yn all other the Kynges domynions, withe all ceremonyes apperteyninge unto the same, as by sondrie statutes therof made more at large is specified, yet nevertheles no pvysion hitherto hathe byn made for suffragans, whiche have byn accustomed to be had within this realme for the more spedye admynistracion of the sacramentes and other good holsome and devout thinges and laudable ceremonyes, to thencrease of Goddis honour and for the commodyte of good and devout people; be it therfore enactid by auctoryte of this present Pliament that the townes of Thetforde, Ippeswiche, Colchester, Dover, Gylford, Southampton, Tawnton, Shaftesbury, Molton, Marleburgh, Bedforde, Leycester, Gloucester, Shrewesbury, Bristowe, Penreth, Bridgewater, Nottingham, Grauntham, Hulle, Huntyngdon, Cambridge, and the townes of Pereth, and Berwyke, [Sayncte Germayns in Comewell*] and the Isle of Wyght, shalbe taken and accepted for sees of byshops suffragans to be made in this realme and yn Wales, and the byshops of suche sees shalbe callyd suffragans of this realme: And that everie archebyshope and byshop of this realme and of Wales and els where within the Kynges domynyons, beynge dysposed to have any suffragane, shall and maye at their liberties name and elect that is to saie everie of theym for their peculyer diocise, two honest and discrete spirituall parsonnes beynge lemyd and of good conversation, and those two personnes so by them to be named shall present to the Kynges Highnes by their writinge under their seales makynge humble request to his Magestie to gyve to one suche of the said two parsonnes as shall please his Magestie suche title name stile and dignite of byshope of suche of the sees

XXV. Certain fees shall be deducted in valuations of bishopricks.

[See Sect. IX.]

Provisions required for bishops suffragans.

The sees of such bishops.

Archbishops and bishops shall present two persons to the Xing, of whom he shall name one to be suffragan.

1 Interlined in the original Act.

448

26 Henry VIIL c. 14.

A.D. 1534.

Sach suffragans shall be consecrated by the archbishop.

n.

Such suffragans shall have all powers as heretofore.

HI. Suffragans shall be consecrated within three months.

IV.

Authority, &c. of suffragans shall be limited by their commissions, which they shall not exceed, on pain of premnnire.

above especified as the Kynges Highnes shall thinke moste convenyent for the same; and that the Kynges Magestie upon everie suche presentation shall have full power and auctoryte to gyve to one of those two psonnes, so to his Highnes to be presented, the stile title and name of a byshop of suche of the sees aforesaide as to his Magestie shalbe thought moste convenyent and expedient, so it be within the same province wherof the byshop that dothe name hym is; and that everie suche psonne to whom the Kynges Highnes shall gyve any such stile and title of anye of the sees aforenamyd shalbe callyd byshop sufiragane of the same see wherunto he shalbe namyd; and after suche title stile and name so gyven as is aforesaide, the Kynges Magestie shall present everie suche psonne by his letters patentee under hys his greate seale to the archebishop of Canturburie, yf the towne wherof he hathe his title be within the gvince of Canturbury, and lykewise to the archebishop of Torke yf the towne wherof he hath his title be within the province of Yorke, signifyengeand declaringe by the same letters patentes the name of the psonne presentid, and the stile and title of dignite of the bishoprich wherunto he shalbe nomynated, requyringe the same archebishop to whom suche letters patentes shalbe directid to consecrate the said psonne so nomynate and presentid to the same name title stile and dignite of bishop that he shalbe nomynated and presentid unto, and to gyve hym all suche creations benediccons and ceremonies as to the degre and office of a byshope sufiragane shalbe requysite.

And be it also enacted by auctorite aforesaide, that all and everie suche psonne and psonnes, as shall be nomynated elected presentid and consecrate as is afore rehersid, shalbe taken accepted and reputed in all degrees and places accordinge to the stile title name and dignitie that he shalbe so presentid unto, and have suche capacite power and auctorite honour prehemynence and reputation in as large and ample maner in and concemynge the execution of suche commyssion, as by any of the said archebishopes or bishopes within their dioces shalbe gyven to the said suffragans, as to suffragans of this retime hertofore hathe byn used and accustomed.

And be yt further enacted by auctoryte aforesaid, that everie archebishop of this realme, to whome any the Kynges letters patentes yn the cases afore rehersid shalbe directid havinge no laufull impediment, shall pforme and accomplishe the effectes and contentes of this Acte within the tyme of iij monethes nexte after suche letters patentes shall come to their handes; any usagf customes foreyn lawes privileges prescriptions or other thinge or thiges heretofore used had or don to ye contarie hereof notwithstandlga

PfiOVYDED alwayes that no suche suffragans, whiche shalbe made and consecrate by vertue and auctorite of this Acte, shall take or pcey ve any maner of gfy ttf of the places and sees wherof they shalbe namyd, nor use have or execute any jurisdiccon or episcopal power or auctorite within their said sees nor within any dioces or place of this realme or els where within the Kinges domynions, but only suche gfittf jurisdiccon power and auctorite as shalbe lycensid and lymeted to theym to take do and execute, by any archebishope or bishope of this realme within their [dioces1] to whome they shalbe suffraganes, by their commyssion under their seales; and that everie arche-

26 Henry VIII. c. 14,17.

449

bishope and bishope of this re&lme for their owne peculier dioces may and shall gyve suche commyssion or commissions to eyerie suche bishop suffragan as shalbe so consecrate by auctorite of this Acte as hathe ben accustomyd for suffragans heretofore to have, or els suche commyssion as by theim shalbe thought requysite reasonable and convenyent: And that no suche suffragan shall use any jurisdiccon ordinarie or episcopall power otherwise nor longer tyme then shalbe lymyted by suche commyssion to hym to be gyven as is aforesaid; upon payne to incurre yn to the paynes losses forfatures and penalties mencioned yn the Statute of Provysions made yn the xvj yere of St i6Ric. n. Kynge Richarde the Seconde. °*1 6 *

Provyded alwayes that the bishop that shall nomynate the suffragane to Y. the Kynges Highnes, or the suffragane hym selfe that shalbe nomynate, shall provide two bishops or suffraganes to consecrate hym withe the archbishop and shall bere theire reasonable costes.

Provyded also that the residence of hym that shalbe suffragane, on the Reiid^ f diocese where he shall have comyssyon, shall serve hym for his residence, as suflfraganes. sufficiently as yf he were residente uppon any other his benefice, any Acte heretofore made to the contrarie notwithstandynge.

Be yt [furtherl] enacted that all such suffraganes as shall hereafter exercyse thoffices aforesaid by the commyssion of the by shoppe for the better two

meyntenaunce of his dignitie may have two benefyces withe cure, any former beneficei* Acte made to the contrarie notwithstandynge.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Acte that no fermours of spirituall psonnes shalbe compellid or chargid to paye for their lessours First Fruitf or yeres pensyon of the tenth grunted [by *] the Ranges Highnes.

TT^OR certayne resonable and urgent consideracions movinge the Kinges Leuoes of moste Highe Courte of Parliament, yt is ordeyned and enactyd by auctorite of the same, that all and singler fermoures and [leases8] of any sonallycharge-manoures lordshippes londes tenementis or other hereditamentis, peonages ^ fruits or vicareges porcyons of tithes or other what so ever pfittes or commodites, tenths under belonginge to any archebishope byshope or other prelate or spirituall psonne yin. c. a. or psonnes or spirituall bodie corporate or politique, wherof any first firuetes or yerely pension of the tenth partie is grauntid to the Kinge oure soverayne lorde yn this present session of the said Courte of Pliament, shalbe dischaxged and not chargeable to paie to oure said soverayne lorde, of his or their ppre money coste or charge, for or yn discharge of the lessour or lessoures owner or owners of the same, by reason of any couvenaunt bargayne bonde condition

1 furthermore O.

to printed copies. The title indorsed on the original Act is as follows: " For

lesseez to be dyschargyd for payeng any thing for yOT lessor to the Kyng by reason

of the Act of Fyrst frutf & x. pte of sfuell pmocyoe." The title of the Act, as entered

in the Calendar of Acts in the Rolls Chapel, is as follows: " An Act that noe fermors

of Spirituall persons shalbe compelled to paye for theire lessors the fyrst fruitf or

tenthes graunted to the Kinge."

8 lessees 0.

F F

450

26 Henry VIII. c. 17.

A.D. 1534

St. 26 Hen. VIII. c. 3.

§ 1, 8. as to payment of tenths by the clergy;

none shall pay the tenths for the year for which they pay their first-fruits.

clause of reentre or other thinge heretofore made or concluded; but that everie of the said lessours and owners and their successours shalbe chargid and chargeable to paie and satisfie the same of his or their gpre cost© and charge to the Kinge oure soverayne lorde his heires and successours accordinge to the graunt therof; any couvenaunt bargayne contract bonde condicyon danse of reentre or other thinge heretofore made or concluded to the contrarye therof yn any wyse not withstandinge.

27 HENRY VIIL A.D. 1535-6.

@y Uotuto $arltametttt be amto regiri ftejjte $entfri detain, Wicrttme Neptune.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BY Prorogation at Westminster, on the Fourth Day of February,

In the TWENTY-SEVENTH Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIII.

CHAPTER VIIL

An Acte for discharg of payment of the Xth in that yere in which© they paye

there furst frutes.

"YTTTHERE by a late Acte made in this Parliament for & concemyng the " graunte made to the Kynges Highnes of the tenth of the yerely valeoe of all spyrituall possessions of this readme and of the furste frutes therof, there aperith by the wordys of the saide Acte, that plates and al other incum-bentes be chargid to the payment of the tenthe that shal be due to the Kynges Highnesse, in and for the fyrste yere that they shalbe elected pfected psented collated or admyttyd to any dignites benefices or other gmocions spyrituall, and for the same fyrste yere shall also pay the hole fyrst fruytes of ther seid dignities benefyoes and gmocions, which is a dowble charge; For refobmacon wherof the Kynges Highnesse for thentyer and harty love that his Oce bearith to the plates and other incumbentys chargeable to the paymente of the seid tenthe and fyrst fruytes, of his excellent goodnes is pleasid and contentid that it be enactid by auctorite of this psent Parliament that whan so eV any pson or psones, frome the fyrst daye of Maye which shalbe in the yere of our Lord© God a thousand fyve hundred thyrty and syxe, shalbe namyd pfected psented collated or by anye other meanys apoyntid to have any arche-bysshopiyche, bysshopryche abbacye monysterye pryory colledge hospifcalle archedeaconry deanry provostshyp prebende parsonage vycarage chauntrye frechapell or other dignite benefyee or gmocion spirituall, by vertue wherof they shalbe chargid or chargeable as well for the payment of the tenth of e?y of the seid archebyshopryche bysshopryche abbacye monastery pryorie colledge hospitall archedeaconrye deanrye gvosteshype pbende psonage vycarage chauntrye frechappell or other dignite benefyee or gmocion spirituall as with the payment of the furst fruytes of the same and e9y of the same, shall at his or their composicion agrement or entree into specyalite or specyalites for the payment of the said furst fruytes have alowance & deduction of the seid

27 Henry VIII. c. 8.

451

tenthe parte of the holle out of the sume to be paied for the seid furst fruytes, for the yere wherin be or they shalbe furste noiated pfected psented collated or by any other menys apoyntid to have eny of the seid dignities benefyces offyces or other pmocions spyrituall, according to the just rate taxation and cessement of the tenthe of e9y of the seid archebisshopriche byshopryche abbacie monasterye priorye colledge hospitalle archedeaconrie deanrye pvost-shype pbende peonage vycarage chauntrye firechapell or other dignite benefyce ofiyce or gmotion spirituall within this realme or dies where within any of the Kynges domynyons, of what name nature or qualite so e9 they be or to whose foundac5n patronage or gyffce so e9 they belong, now being inrollid or that hereafter shalbe inrolled in the Kynges Eschequyer or in any other the Kynges courtes of recorde.

And be it further enactid that e9y comyssioner or commyssioners or other n. the Kynges offyoers or mynysters, or any other pson or psones whiche eyther by auctorite of anye Acte of Parlyament or by comyssion or comyssions under log for nnt-the Kynges greate scale or otherwise by his Qracys commaundemente, or by the comaundemente of suche as by his Highnes shalbe auctorised for that purpose tenth th«r»-be apoyntid assigned or deputid, or that hereafter shalbe apoyntid auctorised * assigned or deputid, to compounds agre and receyve bondes and specialties to his Majesties use for payment of the seid furst fruytes of e9y of the seid dignities benefyces offyces or other pmocions spirituall, shall and maye by force of this Acte from the said furst daye of Maye for e9 forward e have auctorite to deducte and alowe unto e9y suche pson or psones, as from the seid furst daye of Maye shalbe noiated pfectid psentid collated or by any other menyB appoyntid to have ony of the seid archebysshopryohe byshopryche abbacye monasterye pryory college hospitall archedeconrye deanry pvostship pbende peonage vycarege chantry frechiapell or other dignitie benefyce offyce or pmocion spyrituall, the tenthe parte of the hoole as is aforseid out of the same furst fruytes, for the yere wherin he or they shalbe furste nomynated pfected psented collated or by any other menys apoyntid unto e9y of the same as is aforseid, without any further suy te to be made to the Kynges Highnes, and without imposition exaction or other charge to be in any wise demaundid or exacted of the pson or psones so pferred for the allowaunce unto them of the seid tenthe for the seid furst yere in fourme above expssid; any thing or thynges in the seid Acte of the graunte of the seid tenth and fyrst fruytes to the cont*ry notwithstonding.

And it is also enactid by thauctorite aforseid that all and e9y pson [or1] JIL psones that upon his or theyr composition and agrement for the fyrste fruytes shalbe de&ulkyd and allowed the tenthe part of the hole some of his or theyr be paid to foe dignites benefyces offyces or pmocions spiiytuall, for the yere wherin he or they shalbe fyrst nomynatid pfectid psented collatid or by any other menys appoyntid unto any of the same as is abovesaid, shall yelde and paye the seid tenthe part unto the Kynges Majestie his heyres and successors the said furst yere, in lyke maner and fourme and at such daye as is lymyted in the seid Acte of the graunte of the seid tenthe and fyrst fruytes; any thyng conteyned in thys Acte to the century notwithstondyng.

L

452

27 Henry VIII. c. 8,10.

A.D. 1535-6.

Be it further enactid by the auctorite aforseid, that in suche cases where the successor of any incumbent shalbe chargeable to the payment of suche somes of money as shalbe due of and for the seid tenthe that shall happyn *° be behynde unpaid in the tyme or lyffe of his pdecessour there, e9y suche successour may laufully distrayn such goodes and catals of his pdicessour as shall happen to be and remayn in and upon the dignite benefyce or gmocion spirituall of the which the same tenthe was behynde and unpayde in the lyff or tyme of his pdicessour, and to retayne the saide goodes and catales till suche tyme as the seid pdicessour if he be alyve, and if he be ded then his executours or admynystratours or suche other to whom his goodes and catals shulde appteign, have fully satysfyed and payed suche sumes of money as shall happen to be behynde & unpaide of the seid tenthe; and in case the seid pdicessour his executours admynystratours or suche other to whom his goodes or catalles shulde apperteyne, within xij dayes next after the distres thereof do not satysfye the sayde sommes of money being behynde of the seid tenth as is aforseid, that then for suche default of payment it shalbe lawfull to e9y suche successour to cause the said goodes and catales so distrayned to be preysid by two or thre indifferent psones to be swome for the same, and according to the same apreysing to sell so moche therof as shall amounts as well to the full satysfaccon of the seid somes of money being behynde unpayde of the seid tenthe in the lyfe or tyme of his pdicessour, as for the resonable costes that shalbe spent by occasyon of din-treynyng and appreysing of the same goodes and catelles; and in case no suffycyent goodes and catelles may be found in or upon such dignites benefyces or gmocions spirituall for the satysfaccon of the seid tenth beyng behynde unpaide as is aboveseid, that then the pdecessour by whom suche tenth was due to be payde if he be alyve, and if he be deede [thanl] his executours admynystratours and other to whome his goodes and cattells shall apperteyne or belong shalbe compellid to the payment of the seid tenth being behynde and unpayde as is aforseid, by bille to be pursuid in the Kynges ChaunSy by the successour that shalbe chargeable for the same, or els by acdon or playnt of dett to be taken or commenced by suche successo* by order of the comon lawes.

IV. Remedy for the successor compelled to

CHAPTER X.

Transfer of lands at common law j

evils resulting from conveyances and devises to uses;

An Acte conSnyng uses & wylles.

WHERE by the cdmon lawes of this realme landes tenementes and hereditament's be not [divisible 2] by testament, nor ought to be transferrid frome one to a nother but by solemne ly9y and season matter of reoorde wryting suffycyent made bona fide without covyne or fraude, yet ne^theles dyverse and sundry ymaginacions subtile invencions and practises have bene usid, wherby the heredytamentf of this realme have bene conveyed frome one to an other by fraudulent feoffementes fynes reco9yes and other assurances craftely made to secrete uses intentes and trustee, and also by wylles and testamentes sum tyme made by nude polx and wordes somtyme by signes and

1 then O.

8 devysible O.

27 Henby VIIL o. 10.

453

tokens and somtyme by wrytyng, and for the moste parte made by such psones as be visited with sykenes, in theyr extreme agonyes and peynes or at such tyme as they have hadde scantlye eny good memorie or remembrance; at whiche tymes they beyng gvokid by gredye covetous psones lyeng in a wayte about them do many tymes dyspose indiscretely and unadvisidly theyr landes and inheritances; by reason wherof and by occasion of which fraudulent feoffement? fynes reco9eys and other lyke assuraunc? to uses confydences and trusty dy9s and many heires have bene unjustlye at sundry tymes disherited, the lordes have lost theyr wardes manages relyefes hariottes eschetes aydes pur fayre fitz chyvaler & pur file maryer, and scantlye any psone can be certaynly assurid of any landes by them prchasid nor knowen surelye agayn whome they shal use theyr accions or execucions for theyr rightes titles and duytes; also men maryed have lost theyr tenancies by the courtesie, women theyr dowers, manyfest pjuryes by triall of such secrete willes and uses, have bene comyttid, the Kyng? Highnes hathe lost the gffyttes and advauntages of the landes of psones atteyntid, and of the landes craftelye put in feffement to the uses of alyens borne, and also the gffittes of waste for a yere and a daye of landes of felones atteyntid, and the lordes theyr eschetes therof, and many other inconveniences'have happened and dayly do encreace amonge the Kynges subjectes, to theyr greate trouble and inquietnes, to the utter sub9cion of the auncyent common lawes of this realme; for the extirpyng and extinguysh-ment of al such subtile practised feffementes fynes reco9yes abuses and errours heretofore usid and accustomyd in this realme, to the subVsion of the good and auncyent lawes of the same, and to thintent that tho Kynges Highnes or any other his subjectes of this realme shall not in any wise hereafter by any meanys or invencions be deceyvid damaged or hurted by reason of such trustes uses or confidences, it may please the Kynges most royall Majestic that it may be enacted by his Highnes by thassent of the lordes spyrituall & temporall and the comons in this psent Parlyament assemblyd and by auctorite of the same in mano* and fourme foloing that is to saye; that where any psone or psones stand or be seased or at any tyme hereafter shall happen to be seasid, of and in any honoures castelles manoures landes tenement? rentes servyces re9cions remaynders or other hereditament?, to the use confidence or trust of any other parsone or parsones or of anye bodie polytike, by reason of any bargayne sale feffement fyne reco9y covenaunte cont»cte agrement will or otherwise by anye maner meanes what so e9 it be, that in evy suche case all and e9y suche pson & psones & bodyes polytyke that have or hereafter shall have any such use confidence or truste in fee symple fee tayle for fane of lyf or for yeres or otherwyse, or any use confidence or trust in remaynder or renter, shall from hensforth stond and be seasid domed and adjuged in lawfull season estate and possession of and in the same honours castels manoTs landes tenement? rentes servyces reVcyons remaynders and hereditamentes with theyr app^enances to all intentes construccons and pur-posis in the lawe, of and in suche lyke estates as they had or shall have in use trust or confidence of or in the same. And that the estate light title and possession that was in suche psone or psones that were or shalbe hereafter seasid of any landes tenementes or hereditamentes, to the use confidence or trust of any such psone or psones or of any bodye polytyke, be from hensforth clerelye demed and adjugid to be in hym or them that have or hereafter shall

persons entitled to the use of lands, shall stand and be seized, and be deemed in lawful seisin and possession, of the lands.

454

27 Henby VIII. c. 10.

A.D. 1535-6.

IL

So where divers are seised to the use of any of them:

Saving for rights of strangers.

Saving for rights of persons seized to any use.

m.

In ease of uses for payment of any rents, the parties intitled to the rents shall be deemed in possession and seizin thereof

have suche use eonfydence or trust, after such qualytie maS fourme & am-dicon as they had before in or to the use confidence or trust that was m them.

And be it further en&ctid by the auctorite aforseid that [were1] dyvere and many psones be or hereafter shall happen to be joyntlye sea&id, of and in any landes tenementes rentes re9cions remaynders or other hereditamentes, to those confidence or trust of any of them that be so joyntlye seasid, that in e9y suohe case that or those pson or psones which have or hereafter shall have any suche use confidence or trust, in any suche landes tenementes rentes refeons remaynders or hereditament?, shal from hensforth have and be demed and adjuged to have, onlye to hym or them that have or hereafter shall have such use confidence or trust, such estate possession and season of and in the same landes tenement? rent? re^cyons remaynders or other hereditamentes, in lyke nature manor and fourme condicon and course as he or they hadde before in thuse confidence or trust of the same landes tent? or hereditament?: Savyng and reservyng to all and singular psones and bodyes polytyke theyr heyree and successors, other than those pson or psones which be seasid or hereafter shalbe seasid of any landes tenement? or hereditament? to any use confidence or trust, all such right title entre enterest possession rent? and action as they or any of theym had or myght have hadde before the makyng of tbyB Acte. And also savyng to all and singular those psones and to theyr heyres which be or hereafter shalbe seasid to anye use, al suche former right title entre enterest possession rent? customes servyces and action Us they or anye of theym myght have had to hys or theyr owne pper use in or to any manors landes tent? rent? or heredytament? wherof they be or hereafter shalbe seasid to any other use, as if thys psent Acte had ne9 bene hadde nor made; any thing conteynid in thys Acte to the contoy notwithstanding.

And where also dy vers psons stond and be seasid of and in any landes teotf or hereditament? in fee symple or otherwise, to the use or intent that some other pson or psones shall have and pceyve yerely to them and to his or theyr heyres one annuell rent of x ti. or more or lesse out of the same land? and tent?, and some other pson one other annuel rent to hym and hyB assignee for fine of lyf or yeres or for some other specyall tyme, according to suche entent and use as hath bene heretofore declarid lymyted and made therof; be it therfore enacted by the auctorite aforseid that in e9y suche case the same psones theyr heyres and assignee, that have suche use and infest to have and pceyve any such annuell rent? out of anye land? tenement? or hereditament? that they and e9y of them theyr heyres and assignee be adjugid and demyd to be in possession and season of the same rent, of and in such lyke estate as they had in the title interest or use of the said rent or gfiytt, and as if a suflycyent graunt or other laufull conveyance had be made & executed to than by suche as were or shalbe seased to the use or intent of anye suche rout to be hadde made or paide accordyng to the very trust and intent therof And that all and e9y suche psone [or 2] psones as have or hereafter shall have any title use and infest in or to anye such rent or gfiytte, shall laufully distrayne far none payment of the seid rent and in theyr owne names make advowryes or by theyr baylyffes or servauntes make conys&unces and justyfycacons, and

1 where 0,

2 and 0.

27 Henry VIII. c, 10.

455

have al other suytes entres and remedies for such rent?, as if the same rente hadde be actuallye and really graunted to them with suffyeyent clauses of dystresse reentre or otherwyse, according to such condicons peynes or other thynges lymyted and apoyntid upon the trust and entent for payment or suertie of such rente.

And be it further enacted by the auctorite aforseyd that where as dy9s psones have prchased or have estate made & conveyde of and in dy9s land? tent? and heredytament? unto them and to theyr wyfes and to the heyres of the husbond, or to the husbond and to the wyfe & to the heyres of theyr two bodyes begotten, or to the heyres of one of theyr bodyes begottyn, or to the husbond and to the wyffe for Sine of theyr lyves or for Sine of lyffe of the said wife, or where any such estate or purchase of any land? tent? or heredytament? hathe bene or hereafter shalbe made to any husbond and to his wyfe in man! and fourme above expssid, or to any other pson or psones and to theyr heyres and assignes to the use and behove of the seid husbond & wife or to the use of the wife as is before rehersid for the joynter of the wife, that then in e9y suche case e9y woman maryed havyng such joynter made or hereafter to be made shal not clayme nor have title to have eny dower of the residue of the landes tenement? or hereditament? that at any tyme were her said husbond? by whome she hath eny such joynter nor shall demaunde nor clayme her dower of & agaynst them that have the land? and inherytances of her seid husbond, but if she have no such joynter then she shalbe admytted and inhablid to pursue have and demaunde her dower by wryte of dower after the due course and order of the comon lawes of this realme; thys Act or any lawe or gvision made to the contary therof notwithstonding.

Pbovided alwaye that if any suche woman be laufully expulsid or evycted frome her said joynter or from any part therof without eny fraude or covyne, by laufull entre action or by discontynuance of her husbond, then e9y such woman shalbe endowed of as myche of the residue of her husbondes tent? or hereditament? wherof she was before dowable, as the same landes and tent? so evycted and expulsed shall amounte or extende unto.

Provided also that if anj' wyfe have or hereafter shal have any manours landes tent? or hereditament? unto her gyvyn or assurid after manage for Sme of her lyfe or otherwise in joynter, except the same assurance be to her made by Acte of Parlyamente, and the said wyfe after that fortune to o9lyve the same her husbande in whose tyme the seid joynter was made or assurid unto hir, that then the same wife soo overlyvyng shall and may at her lifttie after the dethe of her said husbonde refuse to have and take the landes and tent? so to her gyvyn appoyntid or assurid duryng the coverture for fme of her lyve or otherwise in joynter, except the same assurance be to her made by Acte of Parlyament as is aforseid, and [therapon >] to have aske demaunde and take her dower by wryte of dower or otherwise according to the comon lawe, of and in all such landes tent? and hereditamentes as her husbond was and stode seasid of any estate of inherytaunce at any tyme duryng the coverture; any thyng conteynid in thys Acte to the contary in any wyse notwithstondyng. 1

IV.

Women having jointures shall not have dower.

V.

Proviso for dower, where the wife is evicted of her jointure.

vn.

Jointure made after marriage, except by Act of Parliament, may be refused by the wife; who shall then have her dower.

1 therupon 0.

456

27 Hjcnry VIII. c. 10,11.

A.D. 1535-6.

vm.

This Act shall not extinguish recognisances, Ac.

X.

No fine, relief, or heriot payable to the King on alienations of estates executed under this Act before 1 May 1636;

nor to any private persons.

All grants by the King, or in his name, shall be brought to the office of the signet and first passed there.

Provided also that this present Acte nor any thyng therm conteiynid extend nor be at any tyme hereafter interpretated expounded or taken to extincte release discharge or suspends any statute reconisaunce or other [bonde1] by the execudon of any estate of or in any landes tent? or hereditament? by thauctorite of this Acte to any pson or psones or bodyes polytyke; any thyng conteynid in this Act to the cont*ry therof notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes that the Eynges Highnes shall not have demaunde or take any advauntage or pffyt, for or by occadon of the executyng of any estate onlye by auctorite of this Acte to any psone or psones or bodyes polytyke whiche nowe have, or on this syde the sayde fyrst daye of Maye which shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousand fyve hundred thyrty and syx shall have, any use or uses trustes or confidences in any manors landes tent? or hereditament? holden of the Kyng? Highnes, by reason of pryfl season ly9ye utter le mayne fyne for alyenacon relief or hariot; but that fynes for alyenacons reliefes and haryottys shalbe paide to the Kynges Highnes, and also ly9yes and ouster le maynes shalbe suyde, for uses trustes and confidences to be made and executed in possession by auctorite of thys Acte, after and frome the sayde fiirste daye of Maye, of landes and tent? and other hereditament? holden of the Kyng, in such lyke [mono72] and fourme to all intentes construccons and purposis as hathe bene heretofore used or accustomyd by thorder of the lawes of thys realme.

Provyded also that no other psone or psones or bodies polytyke, of whome any londes tent? or hereditament? be or hereafter shalbe holden mediate or immediate, shal in any wise demaunde or take any fyne relyef or hariott for or by occasion of the executyng of any estate by the auctorite of this Acte to any psone or psones or bodies polytyke, before the said furst daye of Maye which shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousand fyve hundred thyrty and syx



CHAPTER XI.

An Acte conSnynge Clerkes of the Signet and Privie Seale. JaJ

WHEREAS THE KYNGES clerkys of his [gracious3] signet andprevye * " seale, gyvyng theyr dayly attendanc? for the passyng and wryting of his Majesties great and weyghtye affayres and the causes of this his realme, havyng for their intertaynmentes and theyr clerkes no fees nor wages eertayn for those offyces other than such fees as comyth and growith of the seid signet and pryvye seale, to the intente that from hensforth they shulde not by any [mano7 2] of meanes be defeated of any parte or porcon of the same theyr fees: Be it therfore ordeyned establyshed and enacted by the consent and assent of the lordis spyrytuall and temporall and the comons in thys psent Parliament assemblyd and by auctorite of the same, that all and e9y gyfte 1

1 bounde O. 2 maner O. 3 grac? 0.

{' Rep. as to so much as relates to the warrants and other writings for or preparatory to the passing of any gift, grant, or other writing under the great seal of England herein mentioned, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 82. s. 1.]

27 Hknby VIII, c. 11.

457

graunte and other wryiyng, whiche shalbe made or gyven in wrytyng by the Kynges Highnes or anye hys most noble posteryte, to any parson or parobnes signid with his [gracious*] signe or the signe or signes manuell of any of them, to be passid under anye hi? Gracis great seales of Englond, Irelond, duchie of Lancastrie or of anye his Highnes counties palantynes or pryncypalities of Wales, or by other processe out of the Eschequyer after the xv. daye of Apryll in the xxvij. yere of his most noble reigne, and that all and e9y gyftes grauntes and other wrytynges, of what name or names qualyte or qualites soe9 the same be or hereafter shalbe named domed or callid, which the master of the Kynges wardes or generall s^eyers of the Kynges landes for the tyme beyng, or any other oflycer or offycers that nowe be or hereafter shalbe made, shal by vertue of any Acte of Parlyamente or any the Kynges grauntes to them or any of them made or hereafter to be made in that behalf, gyve graunte or make after the forsaid xv. daye of Apryll, to any psone or psones in the Kynges name to be passed under anye his Majestyes seales, be in any wise, fyrst and before the same graunt or anye of them be passid under anye the Kynges said seales or other processe made of the same, brought and dely9yd to the Kynges pxyncypalle secretarye or to one of the Kynges derkys of his Gracys signet for the tyme beyng, to be at the seid office of the signet passid accordinglye.

And be it also ordeynid and enacted by thauctorite aforseid that one of the clerkes of the said signet* to whom anye of the said wrytynges signed with the Kynges most gracious hande or the hand of any other aforseid or any of them fortune to be dely9ed, may and shal by warrant of the same bylies & e9y of them, within, the space of viij. dayes next after he shal have receyvid the same, oneles he have knowlege by the said secretarye or otherwise of the Kynges pleasure to the conterarye, make or cause to be made in the Kynges name letters of warantie subscribed with the hande of the same derke and sealid with the Kynges signet to the lorde kepar of the Kynges pryvye seale for further proces to be had in that behalfe: And that one of the Kynges clerkes of the said pryvye seale, upon due examynacon had by the said lorde keper of the said pryvie seale of the said warantie to hym addressid from the offyce of the said signet as afore, may and shall within the space of viij. dayes next after he shal have receyvid the same, onles the lorde kepar of the pryvye seale do gyve them comaundement to the contrarye, make or cause to be made, by warante of the forsaid warant to the seid lorde kepar of the pryvye seale adressid from the offyce of the signet aforseid, other letters of lyke warantie, subscribid with the name of the same clerke of the pryvye seale, to the lorde chauncello* of Englond, lorde kepar of the great seale chauncellor of the duchye of Lancastre chauncellor of the Kynges landes of Ireland threasourer and chamfeleyns of the Eschequyer and chamfeleyns of any his counties palantynes or pryncypalite of Wales or other offycer, and to e9y of them, for the wrytyng, and ensealyng with such seales as remayne in theyr custodie, of letters patent or closed, or other gcesse makyng due and requysite to be had or made upon anye the seid grauntes, accordyng to the tenor of the warante to them or anye of them dyrectid from the offyce of the pryvie seale as is before specyfied. 1

IL

Warrant from a clerk of the signet to the lord keeper of the privy seal:

And from a clerk of the privy seal to the lord keeper of the great seal, &c.

1 gracf O.

458

27 H^nrt YIIL c. 11.

A.D. 1535-6-

m.

Penalty on making warrants, &c. in any other wise, 101.

IV.

On grants passing by immediate warrant, fees shall be paid to the clerks of the signet and privy seal

V.

Proviso for warrants to the great seal, from the lord treasurer.

And also be it enactid by the auctorite aforseid that no man) clerke or dierkes or other parsone or parsones do wryte or make any maner of wryting warraunt or warrauntes, upon any maner gyfte or graunte made by the Kynges Highnes or by any other pia Gracys officers as aforsaide, or pcure the same or anye of the same to be passid under anye of the seales aforseid, after any other sorte facyon or maner or by any other warraunt or warrauntes than as before is specyfied & declaryd; upon [anye*] payne to forfayte for e9y bylle warant or wryting passed conterary to the order before lymyted and pscribid the somme of x ti. sterling, the one half therof to be to our sovereygne lorde the Kyng, and the other halfe to hym that shall furst sewe for the same by aocon of dette writte bille playnt or informacon in anye of the Kyngf courtf, in which accon or suyte no essoine proteecon pryvilege nor wager of lawe shalbe admytted; any ma& Acte statute pvysion pcl&macion or other ordynance heretofore had or made contPry to thys psent Acte or any article of the same in any wyse notw^tonding. (1 2)

And nevertheles be it also enactid that e9y of the said clerkes or other pson whiche shal passe in wryting, or procure to be passid in wryting, any graunt or grauntes by immediate warant wherfore fees be payde at the greate Beale, shal of the parties receyye for the ofiyces of the seid signet and pryvie seale, as well suche fees as in thys Acte is taxed for wrytyng of any suche graunt or other wry tinges as also the fees for the seale of the same; which fees and e9y part and porcion therof the same clerke or clerkes by whome any graunt shall passe in wrytyng by immediate warraunt, shall upon a bille of the hande of one of the said clerkes of the said [signed *] or pryvie seale dely? unto one of the same clerkes of the signet or pryvie seale, within the space of thre monethes next and ymediatlye ensuyng after the passyng and sealyng of anye the said graunt or grauntes by ymmediate waraunt, upon peyne of x !i sterlyng to be by e9y suche of the said clerkys or other parsone as shall offende forfayted to be levyed in fourme aforsaid, as often as he or they shall offende contrary to the menyng of this Acte.

Provyded also that thys Acte or any thyng conteignid in the same be not in any wyse prejudyciall to the lorde treasorer of Englond for the tyme beyng, concemyng such warrauntes or pceptes as he by vertue of hys oflyee shal and may directe imediatly to the lorde chaunoellor of Englond or to any other parson [or parsones 4] for makyng out of the Kynges grauntes or letters patentee to any pson or psones of any ofiyces fermes of landes or tehtf or of any other thyng belongyng to his nolacon and disposicion; but that aswell he may dyrecte his saide warrauntes or pceptes for the causes above said, as also his clerke or clerkys or other parson maye procure the same to be sealid under anye of the seales aforseid, without any warraunt to be byfore or after sewid or opteyned under the Kynges signet or pryvie seale for the same, in as large and ample maner and after such sorte and facyon as he or they myght have done at any tyme before the makyng of thys Acte, any thyng in the same Acte mencyoned to the contrary notwithstondyng.

1 0. omits.

2 A proviso similar to that in section IX. of this Act, was here inserted in the

original Act, but is struck through with the pen, and the proviso inserted at the

bottom of the Act. 3 signet O. 4 O. omits.

27 Henry VIIL c. 11.

459

Proyybed also that all and e9y lease and leasez of the Kinges manours VI. londes tentez possessions and other pfittez or hereditamentes, within the countie palantyne of Lancastre or of the duchie of Lancastre oute of the said to oountie palantyne, whiche the chaunoellour of the duchie of Lancastre for i]Li<»ster. the tyme beyng or the chaunoellour of the said countie palantyne for the tyme beyng or eyther of them shall hereafter make or graunte in the name of the Kyng our soveraigne lorde his heires or successours to any maner psonne or psonnes, shall and may passe and be passed under the seales of the said duchie of Lancaster or of the said countie palantyne of Lancastre or of eyther of theym in maner and forme as heretofore hath been used and accustumed; any thing in this psente Acte before made to the contPry notwithstanding.

Provyded also that all and every gift graunte and patent of any maner vn. office or offices, or any other thing beyng or which hereafter shalbe in the g^tsofsmall countie palantyne of Lancaster (1) of the said duchie of Lancaster out of the offices in the said countie palantyne, the yerely wagez or fees wherof amounteth not over uc y' and above the value of two pence by the day, shall and may passe and be passed by the said chauncello* of the duchie of Lancastre, or by the said chaunoellour of the said countie palantyne or of eyther of theym for the tyme beyng, in maner and forme as heretofore hath ben used and accustumed, any article or thing in this psente Acte before made to the contrary notwith-

standing.

And to thintente that aswell suche as nowe be or hereafter shalbe ministers and derkes of the Kynges signet and privie seale shuld have and take honeste and sufficient salary© and reward© for the writing? of the said warauntes to be by theym made as aforesaid, as also the Kinges moost loving faithfull and obedient subgiettes, knowyng the Stayne charges to be by theym layde oute for the writing of the said warrauntes shuld not by any maner exaction or other synyster meanes be constrayned by any the said clerkes to pay more large and excessive fees for the writing of the same than reason and conscience shall require; be it enacted by the auctorite aforsaid that all and e9y clerke and clerkes of the said signet and privie seale shall have and take for his or thir writing of a warraunte uppon a bill for tailes of rewarde twelve pence; for the writing of a warraunte for the gift of e9y officice xx d; for the writing of a warraunte for a pension annuitie or wages twentie pence; for the writing of a warraunte for a spiall lyverey or other perpetuitie vj s. viij d .; for the writing of a warraunte upon e9y bille for a [congie de lire roall assent8] [restitucions *] of temporaries, donatyves, advocations, psentacions or other ecclesiastical! matter, thre shilling? and foure pence; for the writing of e9y warraunte upon a placarde licence pdon or shireff? rewarde ij s .; for the writing of evy warraunte upon a denyzen iij s. iiij d; for the writing of a warraunte for keping of an ideote xx d .; for the writing of a warraunte for keping of a warde iij a iiij d. And that no maner of clerke or clerkes of the signet or privie seale aforsaid shall take for the writing of any maner warraunt above specified more large and ample fees than before is pscribed and appoynted, upon payne of x ti. sterling? to be by hym forfaited that shall offend contPry to the true tenour and meanyng of the said Acte, the oon halffe therof to be to the King our so9aign lorde, the other haiffe to hym

vm.

Fees of the clerks of the signet and privy seal upon the warrant to he made by them.

Penalty on taking higher fees, 10 L

460

27 Henry VIII c. 11.

A.D. 1635-6.

IX.

Lord chancellor may pas* matters without fees.

that shall firste sue for the same, by bille accion playnte or informacion in any of the Kynges courtes; in which accion or sute noo essoen gtection nor wager of lawe shalbe admitted.

Pbovyded also (l) the lorde chauncellour of Englond for the tyme beyng shall and may at all tymes use his discrecion in passing and spedyng any thing by the greate seale and delyvering the same without payeng any fees for the greate seale signet [and *] pryvie seale as the case of necessitie shall require and as hath ben accustumed; and that the clerkes for writing or gearing suche writinges and patentee by his comaundement shalbe discharged of all penalities expssed before in this Acte for not receyvyng and paieng fees to the signett and privie seale, any thing in this Acte conteyned to the cont»ry herof notwithstanding.

XII. Proviso for matters sealed by express command of the King.

XUI. Proviso for leases of farms under £6.13.4. per annum.

() Provided nevertheles that this Acte nor any thing conteyned in the same be not in any wise pjudiciall to any maner psonne or psonnes whom the Kynges Highnes shall by expsse commaundement directe [or4] send or appoynt to gcure any thing or thinges to be sealed with any his Magestes seales, for or conSnyng his Magesties private affaiers or the affaires of his Highnes realroe; but that aswell the same psone or psones beyng appoynted by the Kinges Highnes as afforesaid, as also suche officer and officers as shall have the keping of any the Kinges seales their ministers and clerkes, shall and maye seale write and delyver and gcure the sealing writing and delyvering of any such thing or thinges conSnyng the Kynges Highnes affaires as aforesaid, without beyng bounde to peure any maner warraunte or payeng any maner fees at or to the signet or pryvie seale for the same, so that the name or names of e9y suche psone or psonnes as shall peure the sealyng of any suche thing or thinges on the Kynges behalve as aforesaid be entred in the clerke of the hanapers boke after this sorte, p A. ad mandatum Dni Regis; any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also that this Acte nor any thing conteyned in the same, be not in any wise pjudiciall to any maner psonne or psonnes, which hereafter shall have by the Kynges Highnes or by any his Magesties officers the graunte or lease of any [mano15] ferme or fermes to be sealed with any his Highnes scales, the yerely rente wherof amounteth not above the some of vj IL xiij a iiij d. sterling; but that aswell e9y suche psonne and psonnes, as officer and officers havyng the custodie of suche seale or seales thir ministers and clerkes, may write seale and delyver or gcure the writing sealyng and delyvering of any suche lease or leases as aforesaid without payeng therfore any maner fees at or to the signet or privy seale for the same; any thing in this Acte mencioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 that 0. 2 3 or 0.

3 The two provisoes following are contained in a schedule annexed to the original

Act. 4 0. omits. 6 maner O.

A.D. 1535-6.

27 Henry VIII. c. 16, 20.

461

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte conSnyng enrolmentes of bargaines & contractes of Landes &

Tenementes.

BE IT enacted by thauctoritie of this psent Parliament, that frome the last daye of July which shall be in the yere of our Lorde God, Ml. D.xxxvj, no manours londes tentes or other hereditament? shall passe al? or chaunge frome one to another, wherby any estate of enheritaunce or freehold shalbe made or take effecte in any psonne or psonnes or any use therof to be made by reason oonly of any bargayne and sale therof excepte the same baTgayne and sale be made by writing indented sealed and enrolled in oon of the Kinges courtes of recorde at Westmynster; or elles within the same countie or counties where the same mano londes or tenementez so bargayned and sold lie or be, before the custos rotulog and ij justices of the peace and the clerke of the peace of the same countie or counties or ij of them at the least wherof the clerke of the peace to be oon; and the same enrollment to be had and made within syx monethes nexte after the date of the same writing? indented; the same custos rotulog or justicez of the peace and clerke, taking for the enrollment of e9y such writing indented before theym, where the land comprised in the same writing excede not the yerely value of fourtie shilling?, two shilling?, that is to say, xij d. to the justicez and xij d. to the clerk; and for the enrolment of e9y such writing indented before theym wherin the lande comprised excede the some of xl s. in yerly value v s. that is [that is1] to say ij s. vj d. to the said justicez and ij s. vj d. to the said clerke for the enrolling of the same; and that the clerke of the peace for the tyme beyng within e9y such countie shall sufficiently enroll and ingrosse in parchement the same dedes or writinges indented as is aforesaid, and the rolles therof at thende of e9y yere shall dely ver unta the said custos rotulog of the same countie for the tyme beyng ther to remayne in the custody of the said custos rotulog for the tyme beyng amongest other recordes of e9y of the same counties where any suche enrol-mente shalbe so made, to thentent that e9y partie that hath to do therwith may resorte and [se *] theffecte and tenour of e9y suche writing so enrolled.

Provided alwaies that this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned extende to any [mano7 s] landes tentes or hereditamentes lieng or beyng within any citie borough or town corporate within this realme, wherin the maiers recorders chamberlayns baylyffes or other officer or officers have auctorite .or have lawfully used to enroll any evidences dedes or other writinges within thir pcincte or lymites; any thing© in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte conteynyng an Order for Tithes thorowe the Realme.

T^ORASMOCHE as di9s nombres of evill disposed psonnes inhabited in sondry eounteis cities townes and places of this realme, havyng no respecte of thir dueties to Almightie God, but ageinst right and good conscience have attempted to subtracte and withold in some places the hole and in some places greate partes of thir tithes and oblacions aswell psonall as pdiall, due unto

1 An erroneous repetition on the roll. 2 see 0. 3 maner 0.

No land shall pass by bargain and Bale unless by indenture sealed and inrolled within six months, either in the courts of record at Westminster, or at the sessions of the several counties.

Fees on such inrollments, at sessions.

IL

Proviso for corporations, &c. enrolling deeds.

Subtraction of tithes:

462

27 Henby Yin. e. 20.

A.D. 1535-6.

Tithes shall be paid where due:

Proceedings before the ordinary in cases of subtraction of tithes;

proceedings against offenders in cases of contempt; attachment and recognisance before justices of peace, &c.

IL

Act shall not

extend to London.

God and Holie Churche, and pursuyng suche their detestable enormities and injuries, have attempted in late tyme paste to disobey contempne and dispise the gcesse lawes and decrees of the ecctiasticall courtes of this realme, in more temerous and large maner than before this tyme hath ben sene; for reformacion of which said injuries and for unitie and peace to be pserved amongesb the Kinges subjectes of this realme, our sou9aign lorde the King beyng supmne hede in erthe under God of the Churche of Englond, willing the spuall rightes and dueties of that churche to be pserved contynued and mayntened, hath ordeyned and enacted by auctoritie of this psent Parliament* that e9y of his subjectes of this realme of England Ireland Wales and Calais and marches of the same, according to the ecctiasticall lawes and ordinaunoes of his Churche of England, and after the lawdable usages and customes of the parisshe or other place where he dwelleth or occupieth, shall yeld and pay his tithes offeringes and other dueties of Holy Churche; and that for such subtractions of any of the said tithes offeringes or other duities, the pson vicar curate or other pazrtie in that behalve greyed may, by dewe gcesse of the Kinges ecctiasticall lawes of the Churche of Englond, convent the psonne or psonnes so offending before hya ordinarie or other competent judge of this realme having auctoritie to here and de?myne the right of tithes, and also to compell the same psonne or psonnes offending to do and yeld their said dewties in that behalff; and in case the ordinarie of the diocesse or his cdmissarie, or the archedeacon or his officiaU or any other competent judge aforsaid, for any contempte contumacy disobedience or other mysdemeanour, of the partie defen-daunt make informadon and request to any of the Kinges moost honorable counseall, or to the justices of the peace of the shire where snche offendour dwelleth, to assists or aide the same ordynary cdmissarie archedeacon offid&ll or judge to order and refourme any suche psonne in any cause before rehersed, that [than*] he of the Kinges said honorable counsaill, or such two justices of peace wherof one to be of the quog, to whome suche informacion or requeste shalbe made, shall have full power and auctoritie by vertue of this Acte to attach or cause to be attached the psonne or psonnes ayensfc whome suche informacion or request shalbe made, and to comitte the same personne or personnes to warde, there to remayne withoute baill or maynprise till that he or they shall have founde sufficient suertie to be bounde by recognisaunce or otherwise before the Kinges said counseillo* or justice of peace, or soy other like counsaillour or justice of peace, to thuse of our seid sou^aigne lorde the King to geve due obedience to the gcesses pcedinges decrees and sentences of that ecctiasticall courte of this realme, wherin suche [eutte*] or matter for the pmisses shall depends or be; and that e9y of the Kinges said counseillours or two justice of the peace wherof one to be of the quoj as is aforesaid, shall have full power and auctoritie by vertue of this Acte to take receyve and recorde recognisaunces and obligacions in any of the causes above written.

Peovyded alwey (8) this Acte or any thing therm conteyned shall nott extende to any inhabitaunt of the dtie of London, for or conSnyng any maner of tithe offering or other ecctiasticall duetie growen and due to be paide or yelden within the same dtie; bycause there is an other order made for the payment of tithes and other dueties within the said citie.

1 then 0.

sute O.

8 that 0.

27 Henry VIII. c. 20, 24.

463

Provyded also that e9y psonne and psonnes beyng partie or parties to any snche suite shall and may make and have his & their lawfull accion demaunde or peecucion, appeles phibicions and all other their lawful defences and remedies in e9y suche suite, accordyng to the said ecctiasticall lawes and lawes and statutes of this realms, in as ample and lifcall maner and fourme as they or any of theym myght have hadd if this Acte hadd never ben made, any thing in this Acte above written notwithstanding.

(1) Provyded alwaies and be it enacted by auctoritie aforesaid, that this Acte for recou9yng of tithes ne any thing therin conteyned shall take force or effects but oonly untill suche tyme as the Kinges Highnes, and suche other xxxii psonnes which his Highnes shall name and appoynte [for the makyng and establisshing of2] suche lawes as his Highnes shall affirme and ratifie, to be called the Ecctiasticall Lawes of his Church of Englonde, and after the said lawes so ratified and confirmed as is aforesaid, that [than2] the said tithes to be paide to e9y ecctiasticall psonne according to such lawes and none otherwise.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte for recontynuyng of Stayne lifcties and francheses heretofore taken

frome the Crowne.

\\I HERE dyvers of the moost auncient progatives and auctorities of justice apparteynyng to [the impall4] crowne of this realme have ben severed and taken frome the same by sondrye giftes of the Kinges moost noble pgenitours Kinges of this realme, to the greate dymynudon and detriment of the roiall estate of the same and to the hynderaunce and greate delaye of justice; for reformation wherof be it enacted by auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that no psonne or psonnes of what estate or degree so e9 they be of, frome the first day of July which shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God Ml D. xxxyj. shall have any power or auctoritie to pdon or remitte any tresons murders manslaughters or any kyndes of felonnyes what so e9 they be, nor any accessories to any treasons murders manslaughters or felonies, or any utl&uries for any suche offences afore rehersed, comytted ppetrated done or [deiuulged ], or hereafter to be -comitted done or [deiuulged 6], by or ayenst any psonne or psonnes in any parties of this realme Wales or the marches of the same; but that the Kinges Highnesse his heires and successours Kinges of this realme shall have the hole and sole power and auctoritie therof united and knytte to the imperiall crowne of this realme as of good right and equitie it apparteyneth, any grauntes usages pscripcion Acte or Actes of Parliament or any other thing to the contrarie hereof notwithstanding.

And be it also enacted by auctoritie aforsaid, that no psonne or psonnes of what estate degree or condicion so e9 they be, frome the said first daye of Julye, shall have any power or auctoritie to make any justices of eire justices of assise [justice 6] of peace or justices of gaole dely9ey, but that all suche

1 In a schedule annexed to the original Act.

2 So in the original Act; the sense requires the words to be "shall make and establish".

8 then O. 4 themperyall O.

6 divulged printed copies. 6 justycf O,

m.

Proviso for appeals, prohibitions, &c.

IV.

This Act shall have effect only till other laws made. [See Chapter XV. of this session.']

Grants of

certain prerogatives to the delay of justice, &c.

None but the

King Bhflll

pardon treasons or felonies.

IL

None bat the King shall appoint any justices.

464

27 Henry VIII. c. 24.

A.D. 1535-6.

ra.

In counties palatine all writs, indictments, and process shall be in the King's name.

IV.

In Lancaster, commissions to justices shall be under seal of the duchy.

V.

Proviso for justices in corporations.

VI. Officers of liberties shall attend the justices.

, officers and ministers shalbe made by letters patentee under the Kinges greate seale in the name and by auctoritie of the Kinges Highnes his heires, Kynges of this realme, in all shires counties counties palantyne and other places of this realme Wales and marches of the same, or in any other his domynyons, at thir pleasour and willes, in suche maner and forme as justices of eire justices of assise justices of peace and justices of gaole dely^ey be comonly made in e?y shire of this realme; any grauntes usages pscripcions allowaunces Acte or Actes of Parliamente or any other thing or thinges to the contrarie therof notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that all originall writtes and judiciall writtes, and all maner of enditementes of treason felonny or trespasse, and all maner of gcesse to be made upon the same in e9y countye palantyne and other lifetie wythin this realme of England Wales and marches of the same, shall from the said fyrst day of July be made onelyin the name of oure said so9$ign lord the Kyng and his heires Kingf of Englond, and that everye pson or psons havyng suche countye palantyne or any other suche lifetie to make suche origynails judicialls or other pees of justice, shall make the teste in the sayd origynall wryttes and judicyall in the name of the same pson or [pson1] that have suche countye palantyne or libertye. And that in every wrytte and indytement that shalbe made wythin any suche countye palantyne or lifetye, after the seid first daye of Julye nexte comyng, wherby it shalbe supposed any thing to be done agaynst the Kyngf peace, shalbe made' and supposed to be done onely agaynst the Kyngf peace his heires and successours, and not ageynst the peace of any other pson or psons what soever they be; any Acte of Parlyament graunte custome usage or allowaunce in eire before this tyme had graunted or used to the contoy notwithstondyng.

Provyded alwaie that justices of assises justices of gaole dely9ey and justices of peace to be made and assigned by the Kinges Highnesse, within the countye palantyne of Lancastre, shalbe made and ordeyned by comission under the Kinges usuall seall of Lancastre, in man) & fo'me as hath be accustomed; any thing in this Acte to the contrarie therof notwithstanding.

Provyded also that all cities boroughes and townes corporate within this realme which have lifetie power and auctoritie to have justices of peace or justices of gaole dely9eye (*) still have and enjoy thir lifeties and auctorities in that behalff after such like maner as they have ben accustomed, without any alteracion by occasion of this Acte; any thing in this Acte or in any article therm conteyned to the contrarie therof notwithstanding.

And it is ordeyned by auctoritie aforesaid that all stewardes bailifles and other ministers of any lifeties or frauncheses, which in tyme passed have used or ought to attende upon the justices of assise justices of gaole delyverie and justice of the peace at large in any countie, shalbe attendaunt to the justices of assise justices of gaol dely^ey and [justice8] of the peace of the same shires wherin suche lifeties and frauncheses be, and make due execution of all pcesse to them to be directed for mynystracion of justice within such lifeties or frauncheses; and that also all suche bailiffes or thir deputies or deputie shall yeve their attendaunce and assistsunce upon the shireff, together with the

27 Henry YIII. c. 24.

465

shireffes bailiffes, at all courtes of gaole dely9eie frome tyme to tyme for execucion of prisoners according to justice.

Provyded alway that the article next above rehersed shall not in any wise be pjudiciall to any stewardes or bailiffes of any cities boroughes or townes corporate sett in any shire of this realme, which have privilege that they shuld not be compelled to attend or appere out of suche cities boroughes or townes wherin they inhabits, but that e9y suche citie boroughe and towne corporate shall use their said privileges and lifcties as heretofore hath ben accustomed; any thing in any of the article above rehersed to the contrarie therof notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted by auctoritie aforesaid, that the Kinge our so9aigne lorde his heires and successours, Kinges of this realme, from the said first day of July next comyng, shall have all maner fynes issues a&ciamentes and forfaitures that shalbe loste forfaite or assessed by or upon any stewardes baylliffes or any other ministres or officers of any tranches or lifcties, for none execucion or mysexecucion or insufficiente retomes of suche writtes warrauntes pceptes or other gcesse which to them or any of them or to any theyr depute or deputes shalbe directed, or for any contempte or other mysdemeano1 what so ever it be conSnyng theyr offices, in and for the due execucion or administracion of justice; any graunte or allowance or other thing to the contrary hereof notwithstanding; and that the aflciamentes for [insufficiente of retournesl] of writtes or other pees, made by stewardes or bailiffes of lifcties or frauncheses having retournes of writtes and execucion of the same, shalbe putt and sett upon the heddes of suche stewardes or bailiffes and not upon the shireffes.

vn.

Saving for liberties of corporations.

VIII.

The King shall have the fines imposed on officers of liberties:

Amercements on such officers, for insufficient returns of

And over this it is ordeyned bf auctoritie aforesaid that in all suche places where soe9 the Kinges Highnese in his owne most roiall pson shall edme to rest tarry abide or make his repose, within this realme or any his domynyons within lifctie or without, there and within the verge limited and accustomed to his Grace courte during the tyme of his abode his Grace his stewards marshall coroner and all other his ministers shall and may kepe thir courtes for justice and exScise thir offices as shall apperteyne to theym according to the lawes customes and statutes of this realme aswell within lifcties as without; and that his Graces clerkes of the market and none other, during the same tyme as well within lifcties as without, shall exScise the office of clerke of the markett; any privilege graunte allowaunce or other thing to the contraryherof notwithstanding.

Provyded alway that this article nexte afore rehersed or any thing therin conteyned be not in any wise pjudiciall to the citie of London, but that the same citie shall have and use suche lifcties as they mought if this article had never be made.

And be it also enacted by auctoritie aforesaid that all and e9y statute Acte & Actes heretofore made and beyng in force ageynste shireffes, thir under shireffes bailiffes or other ministers, for making or retorning of panelles or juries or for due execucion and Svyng of any writtes or other gees or for taking of fees, or for reformacion of extorcions or for any other thing or thing? conSnyng theyr offices, and all peynes and penalties conteyned in e9y suche statute, shall fromehensforth be extended to all stewardes bailiffes and other

X.

Jurisdiction of the King's court and his officers within liberties.

XL Saving for the city of London.

xn.

Statutes relating to sheriffs, &c. extended to officers of liberties.

G G

1 insuffyeyent retourns O.

466

27 Henry VIII. c. 24.

A.D. 1535-C.

XIII.

But such officers may hold office over one year.

XIV. Power of justices in their liberties.

XV.

New justices shall sit within liberties as former justices.

Saving for liberties and residents therein.

xvn.

Corporations shall enjoy all their former liberties and customs.

ministers and officers of liftties and francheses havyng retoumes of writtes and execucions therof, in like maner fourme and condicion as they extende to shireffes their under shireffes bailiffes or other ministers, and as if the said stewardes bailiffes or other ministers or officers of liftties and firancheses had ben specially and pticulerly named and rehersed in suche statutes.

Provtded alway that (1) article next above rehersed shall not be pjudiciall to any steward bailiffes of francheses or to theyr deputie or deputies or theyr clerkes for exScising & occupieng thir offices over and above one yere, but that they and e9y of theym maye kepe and occupie thir said offices for so longe tyme as they be or hereafter shalbe yeven to them, as if this article nexte afore rehersed had ne9 ben made; any of the said Actes to be expounded and taken ageinst theym or any of them to the contrarie therof notwithstanding.

And it is enacted by auctoritie aforesaid that all suche justices to be made as is afore rehersed in this Acte, shall have auctoritie and power to kepe and hold their sessions of peace and to delyV the same gaoles frome tyme to tyme onely within the same lift ties and francheses and in suche places and in none other place by reason or auctoritie of that comission, and to do and execute all other thinges within the same, in as ample and [lage 2] maner as any other justice of peace and gaole delyVe in any shire within this realme may do and have auctoritie to do, any Acte graunte use custome & alowance heretofore had made or used or any article in this psent Acte to the contrarie notwithstonding.

Provtded alwaies that all and singuler justices of peace gaole delyVe and assise, hereafter to be made named and appoynted by the Kinges Highnes (*) heires and successours, within any lifttie where any suche justice of peace gaole delyVe or assise or any of them have ben made by any psonne or psonnes by vertue or auctoritie of any letters patentes of the gift or graunte of o* so^aigne lorde the King or his most noble pgenitours Kinges of this realme or otherwise, shall sitt and kepe theyr sessions gaole delyVe and assisses only in suche place and places as the justices of the said liftties lately have ben cdmonly used within the said liftties: And that no psonne nor psonnes within the said liftties or any of them shalbe hereafter in any wise compelled by auctoritie of this Acte to appere out of the said liftties, before any other justices of assise gaole dely9e or of the peace than before suche justices as shalbe named and assigned to sitt and be by the Kinges Highnes his heires and successors within the said liftties in fourme above said; and that this Acte shall not extende or be expounded or taken to any other lifttie privilege or franchea graunted used or had to any pson or psonnes other then before in this psent Acte is expssed and playnly declared and rehersed: any thing in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstanding, and as if this Acte had never ben made.



(4) Provtded alwaye that this Acte ne any thing therin conteyned be in any wise pjudiciall or hurtefull to any citie borough or towne corporate by what name or names so e9 they or any of them be incorporate, and thir successours and the successors of e9y of them, of or for any maS of liftties privileges customes and auncient usages francheses, and also of all maner of fynes issues and aficiamentes and forfaitures, which they or any of theym hath of the

1 thys 0. * large 0. 3 hys 0

4 {This proviso, and four others omitted here,] are inserted in five schedules annexed to the original Act.

A.D. 1535-6.

27 Henry VIII. c. 24.

467

graunte or grauntes of our said so9aigne lorde the King or of any of his noble ggenitours Binges of this realme of England; but that the said cities boroughes and townes corporate and e9y of them and their successours may have take levie and enjoye all and e9y suche laufull lifeties privileges francheses customes and usages in as ample and large maS and in like forme and condidon as they and e9y of theym have lawfully taken used and had the same before the making of this Acte; any thing in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstanding, and as if this Acte had ne9 be had ne made.

28 HENRY VTEL A.D. 1536.

RrJtnlo ^arltammtt He Stano regttf SUgte Hettrtet #rtabt, SFtreffmu) ortabo.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster on the Eighth Day of June, In the TWENTY-EIGHTH Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIIL

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for avoydyng of exactions taken upon Frentesis in the Cyties Boroughes and Townes corpatt.

TX7HERE in the Parliamente begonne at London the thirde day of " " Novembr in the xxj yere of the reign of our most drad so^aign lorde Kyng Henry the Eight, and fromthens adjourned and groged to Westmynster the xvj day of January in the xxij yere of the reign of our said sovaigne lorde and there then also holden, it was and it is resited, that where before that tyme it was establisshed and enacted in the xix. yere of our late so^aign lord Kyng Henry the vij"1, that no maister wardeyns and felowshipp of craftf or any of them nor any rulers of guyldes or frateraytes, shulde take uppon them to make any actes or ordenances ne to execute eny actes or ordenances by them before that tyme made or then herafter to be made, in disheritance or dyminycion of the progatyve of the Kyng nor of other nor ayenst the common gfytt of the people, but if the same actes or ordenances were examyned or approved by the chauncellour tresorer of Englond or chefe justice of either benche or iij of them, or before the justices of assise in their circuyte or pgresse in the shire where such actes or orden*nces be made, uppon payne of forfeiture of xlti. for e9y tyme that they doo the contrary, as more playnly in the said Acte doth appere; sith which tyme dy9s wardeyns and felowshippes have made actes and ordynaunces, that ev*y prentise shulde pay at his firste entre in their common hall to the wardens of the same felowshipp som of theym xL shillinges some shillinges some xx s. some xiij s. iiij d. some vj s. viij d. some iij s. iiy d. after their owne synystre myndf and pleasure, contrary to the meanyng of the said Acte made in the said xix. yere of the reign of the said late Kyng Henry the vijtb and to the great hurte of the Kynges true subjects puttyng their childerne to be prentise; it was therfore in the said Parliamente holden at Westm in the said xxij yere of the reigne of Kyng Henry the Eight, establisshed and enacted by the Kyng

g g 2

Recital of

Statute _____

22 Hen. VHI. c. 4. reciting Statute 19 Hen. VII. c. 7. respecting acts and ordinances of companies;

and reciting the evasion thereof, by exactions on apprentices, &c.

Certain fees ascertained for apprentices and freemen

468

28 Henry VIII. c. 5.

A.D. 1536.

by said Act

22 h. vm.

C. 4. y

oaths imposed on freemen by companies, in frand of the said recited acts;

no oath shall be imposed by companies, in restraint of keeping shops by apprentices when made free;

nor fees taken for freedoms, beyond those limited in St. 22 Hen. VHL c. 4.

Penalty, 401.

our so^aign lord by thadvyse of his lordes spuall and temporaU and of the comons in the same Farliamente assembled and by the auctorite of the same, that no master wardeyns or felowshipps of craftes or masters or eny of theym, nor any rulers of fratemyties shulde take from thensforth of eny prentise or of eny other pson or psones for the entre of eny prentice into their said felowshipp above the some of ij 8. yj d. nor for his entre when his yeres and terme is expired and ended, above iij s. iiij d. upon payne of forfaiture of xlti. for e9y tyme that they do to the contrary, the one halfe to the Kyng our sovbign lord and the other halfe to the partie that therfore shall sue by action of dett information or otherwise, and that in the action aforsaid no pteccion or essoyne shall be alowed; as by the same Acte amonges other thinges therin conteyned more playnly may appere: Sithen which said se?all Actes establisshed and made, (as is aforesaid,) dy9s masters wardeynes and felowshipps of craftf have by cautell and subtill meanes compassed and practized to defraude and delude the said good and holsome statutes, causyng dy9s prentises or yong men iramediatly after their yeres be expired, or that they be made fre of their occupation or felowshipp, to be swome uppon the Holy Evangeliste at their first entre that they ne eny of them after their yeres or terme expired shall not sett upp or open eny shopp house nor [sealer1 ] nor occupie as firemen, withoute the assente and lycenoe of the master wardeynes or felowshippes of their occupations, uppon payne of forfaityng their fredome or other like penaitie; by reason whereof the said prentises and journeymen be putt to asmoche or more charges therby then they before tyme were putt unto for the obteynyng and entryng of their fredame, to the great hurte and impoverisshemente of the said prentices and journeymen and other their frendes; for remedy wherof be it nowe by the auctorite of this psent Farliamente establisshed ordeyned and enacted, that no master wardens or felowshippes of craftes nor eny of theym, nor eny rulers of guides fraternyties or brotherhedes, fromhensforth compell or cause eny prentise or journeymen, by othe or bonde hertofore made or herafter to be made or otherwise, that he after his apprentisshippe or terme expired, shall not sett up nor kepe eny shopp house nor selar, nor occupie as a fireman without licence of the master wardeyns or felowshipp of his or their occupa-cion for and conSnyng the same; nor by eny meane exacte or take of eny such prentise or journeyman nor any other occupying for them self, nor of any other psones for them, after his or their said yeres expired, any some of money or other thynges for or concernyng his or their fredome or occupacion, other wise or in any other mafie then before is recited lymytted and appoynted in the said former Acte made in the said xxij yere of the reign of Kyng Henry the Eight; uppon the payne to forfaite for e9y tyme that they or eny of them shall offende contftry to this Acte xl ti. the oon halfe therof to the Kyng our so9aign lorde and the other halfe to the partie that will sue for the same in any of the Kynges courtes by action of dett informacion or other wise in which suet or action no gtection nor essoyne shall be allowed for the partie defendaunte.

1 selar O.

A.D. 1536.

28 Henry VHI. a 11.

469

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for restitucon of the first Fruytys in the tyme of Yacacion to the

next Incumbent.

XpOR AS MOCHE as in the Statute of the paymente unto the Kynges Uncertaintyof Majestie his heires and successours of the firste fruytes of spirituall time

gmocions offices benefices and dignyties, within this realme and other the of payment of Kynges domynions, expresse mencion and declaracion is not had ne made, from what tyme the yere shall be accompted in which the firste fruytes shall durag be dewe and payable to his Highnes, that is to wytt, [whither1] ymme-diatly from the death resignacion or deprivacion of e9y incumbent, or from the tyme of admyssion or newe takyng of possession in e9y such gmocion; and also by reason that in the same statute (2) is not declared who shall have the fruyties tithes and other gfyttes of the said benefices offices gmocions and dignities spirituall duryng the tyme of vacacion therof, dy9s of the archebisshoppes and bisshopps of this realme (*) have not only, when the tyme of pceyvyng and takyng of tithes (that is to say, woll lambe come and hay and tithes usually payed at the holy tyme of Easter) hath approched, differed the collacion of suche benefices as have ben of their owne patronage, but also have uppon psentacions of clerkes, made unto them by the juste patrons, protracted and deferred to institute inducte and admytt the same clerkes, to thentent that they myght have and pceyve to their owne use the same tithes growyng duryng the vacacion, so that through suche delayes (over and above the firste fruytes which be justly due to the Kynges Highnes) thay have ben constrayned also to lose all or the moste parte of one yeres gfyte of their benefices and gmocions, and to serve the cure at their and their frendes gpre costes and charges, or utterly to forsake and geve o9 their benefices and gmocions, to their great losse and hyndraunce; for reformacion wherof it is ordeyned and enacted by the Kyng our so9aign lorde with the assent of the lordes spirituall and temporall and the commons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctorite of the same, that the said yere in which the Kwt fruits first fruytes shall be paid to the Kynges Grace shall begynne and be accompted to King yramediatly after the avoydaunce or vacacion of any suche benefice or gmocion spirituall afore rehersed; and that the tithes fruytes oblacions obvencions Tithe8and emolumentes oomodities advauntages rentes, and all other whatsoever reve- profit* accruing newes casualties or gfities certayne and uncertayne, afferying or belongyng avoidwi^shall to any archedeaconry deanery pbende peonage vicarage hospitall wardeyneshipp belong to the gvosteship or other spirituall pmocion benefice dignitie or office, (chauntreis oonly excepte), within this realme or other the Kynges domynions grow-yng rysyng or cdmyng duryng the tyme of vacacion of the same pmocion spirituall, shall belong and affere to suche pson as shalbe therunto next psented gmoted instituted inducted or admytted and to his executours, towarde the payment of the first frutis to the Kynges Highnes his heires and successours; any usage custome lifetie privilege or pscripcion to the* contrary badd used or being in any wise notwithstandyng.

1 whether 0. 2 it 0.

3 more coveting their owen privat lucre then tendering the welth of the residue of the clergie being of their dioces and jurisdiccons O. — run through with a pen.

470

28 Henry Till. c. 11.

A.D. 1536.

n.

Penalty on die ordinary receiving profits of any benefice daring vacation, and not paying them to the next incumbent; treble value, &c.

iil

Ordinary may retain expences of core, and collecting the profits, &c.

IV. Incumbents may devise profits of com sown on their glebe.

And it is also enacted by thauctoritie aforsaid, that if* any archebisshopp bisshopp archedeacon ordynarye or any other pson or psones to their uses and behoofe, at any tyme heretofore sith the first day of Maye laste paste have pceyved receyved or taken, or at any tyme herafter doo pceyve receyve or take, the fruyties tithes obvencions oblacions emolnmentes comodities reve-newes rentes advauntages pfites or casualties comyng growyng or belong-yng, or which herafter shall come growe affere or belong, to any archedecomy denry prebende psonage vicarage hospitall wardeynshipp pvostshipp or other spirituall pmocion benefice dignitie or office, (chauntreys oonly excepted,) within this realme or other the Kynges domynions, duryng the vacacion of such archedeaconry deanery prebende psonage vicarage hospitall wardeynshipp pvostshipp or other spirituall pmocion benefice dignytie or office, (chauntreys oonly excepted,) and the same, upon reasonable request from hensforth to be made, doth not rendre restore satisfye contente and pay to the next incumbent, being laufully instituted inducted or admytted to suche archedeaconry denry prebende psonage or vycarage or other pmocion dignytie benefice or office spirituall, except before excepted, or do lett or interrupte the said incumbent to have the same, that then e9y archebisshopp bisshopp archedecon ordynary or other pson so doyng shall forfayte and lose the treble value of so moche as he shall then have receyved, of the fruties of e9y pbende psonage vicarage hospitall wardeynshipp pvostshipp or other spirituall pmocion, wherof he so shall receyve pceyve or detayne, lett or interrupte the incumbent to pceyve receyve and have, the fruytes tithes obvencions oblacions emolumentes comodities revenues rentes advauntages pfities or casualties; the moytie of which forfayture shall be to the Kyng our soveraign lorde, and the other moytie therof to the incumbent of the same pbende psonage or vycarage or other spirituall pmocion, to be recovered in any of the Kynges courtes by action bill playnte infourmacion or other wise, in which action or suyte the defandaunte shall not be admytted to wage his lawe, nor eny ptection nor essoyne shall be unto the defendaunt allowed.

Provyded alway that it shalbe lefull to eVy archebisshopp bisshop archedecon and ordynary, their officers and ministris, to retayne [into l] his or their custodie so moche, of the tithes fruytes obvencions oblacions emolumentes comodities advauntages rentes revenues casualties and pfyttes, as shall amount to paye unto suche psonne [and2] psones as hath or shall serve or kepe the cure of such archedeaconry deanry pbende psonage or vicarage or other spirituall pmocion duryng the vacacion, his or their reasonable stipende or salarie, and also for the collection gatheiyng and levyeng of suche tithes fruytes emolumentes rentes and other pfites rysyng and growyng duryng the vacacion aforsaid; any thyng in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provyded also and be it further enacted by the auctorite aforsaid that in case eny of the incumbentes aforsaid happen to dye, and before his death hath caused eny of his glebe landes to be manured and sowen at his ppre costes and charges with any come or grayne, that then in that case all and e9y of the same incumbentes may make and declare their testamentes of all the pfites of

Mn O.

2 or O.

28 Henry VIII. c. 11.

471

the come growyng uppon the same glebe landes so manured and sowon; any thyng conteyned in this psent Acte in any wise notwithstandyng.

And where also, before this tyme, dyvers and many psonnes vicars and other spirituall psons, being seased for ?me of their lyves of and in the said spirituall pmocions afore named, as well for great somes of money to them before hando paid as for other causes & considerations, have lett in ferme for terme of yeres by sufficient wrytynges their seid psonages, vycarages and other spirituall pmocions or parte therof, unto dy9s and many of the Kynges subjectes, and after suche leases by them so made, the leassours therof have often tymes used to resigns their said benefices or spirituall pmocions so dymysed and letten in ferme; by reason of which resignacion and other toe actes of the said leassours, the said benefices and other spirituall pmocions have ben voyde, and the title and in?estes of the said lesses hath ben therby adnychilato and of none efifecte in the lawe, cofatrary to right and good conscious: For rofourmocion wherof and for a quyetnes the better herafter to be hadd and contynued betweno the Kynges subjectes, be it enacted by auctorite of this psent Parliament, that from the forsaid first day of May laste paste no maSe of suche lease by sufficient wrytyng, hertofore made nor herafter to be made by any spirituall pson within this realme of Englonde Wales or the marchies of the same to any lay psone, of any psonage vicarage or other spirituall pmocion aforsaid within this realme, uppon which leasse the rente and §vices reserved, with other the yerely charges of the lease as in Svyng the cure and otherwise, shall amount within forty shyllynges by the yere of as mocho as the safd psonage vicarage or other spirituall pmocion aforsaid so letten is rated and valewed atte uppon the Kynges bokes for paying the first frutes, shall be adjudged voido adnychUate or de?myned, by reason of any suche resignacion or other avoydaunce, of the said benefice or spirituall pmocion so letten, by the oonly acte of the seid loassour; but that e9y suche [leasse or graunteof any suche benefices or spirituall pmocions aforsaid, their executours or assignes, shall have and may enjoye their termes and enterestes of and in the same, for the terme of six yeres to be accompted nexto and immediatly after the said avoydaunce, if the said leassour doo so long lyvc, and the leasse so by hym made before doo so long contynewe and endure; and that after suche avoydaunce the successour or successours of e9y such lessour shall and may distreyn for the rente and Svyces so reserved, and have their actions of dett and all other advantages by way of action entre or other wise agaynst the said lessee his executours or assignes for reco9y of the said rente and coven*nt£ uppon the said lease reserved, as the leassour therof myght have hadd if noo such voydaunce hadd ben hadd. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863. J

And farther be it enacted by the auctoritie aforsaid, that if herafter it happen any suche lessour to decease and die before the ende of the terme by hym so made, and there be oon yere at the leaste to c5me of the said terme, that then it shalbc laufull to the lesse therof his executours or assignes to holde and enjoy their said lease to the ende of the same yere wherin he is so entered at the tyme of his said lessours death, if his said lease doo so long contynue; bearyng and paying unto the successour of eVv suche lessour all suche rente and Svyces, as for the remenaunt of the said yere shall uppon e9y suche lease be dewe, for the reco9y wherof the said successour shall and may have all such waves and advauntages as before is lymytted and geven to the successour, where his pdecessour maketh such lease and resigneth. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

Provyded alway that e?y successour, after the deth of his pdecessour, may and shall have, uppon oon monethes warnyng after the tyme of his induction, the mansion howse of eVy suche psonage vicarage or other spirituall pmocion aforsaid with the glebe belongyng to the same, not being sowne at the tyme of his said pdecessoois death, for maynten*nce of his houshold, deducting therfore in his rente as hertofore bath ben borne for the same, or as yt is reasonable worth; any thing in this said Acte conteigned to the contrary notwithstandyng.

1 leee or grtmle O. — leasee or grauutee printed copies.

V.

Loaned by vicars and other spiritual persons becoming void by their resignation j

suoh leases declared valid for six years, after resignation or other uvoidanoe by aot of lessor;

Successors may distrain, &c. for the rent, &c.

VI. Lessees may hold to the end of the year after the death of lessor, paying rent to the successor.

Y1L Successor on a monthV notice shall have the parsonage and glebe not sown.

472

28 Henry VIII. c. 11,15.

AJ). 1536.

vm.

Payment of curate during the vacancy.

(1) Provyded alway that if the firutes of the vacacion of the said spirituall pmocions be not sufficient to pay the curates stipende and wages for servyng the cure the vacacion tyme, that then the same to be borne and paid by the next incubent within xiiij dayes next after that he hath the possession of any of the said gmocions spiritual!

Deficiency of the Admiralty jurisdiction, in trial of offences according to the civil law:

All offences committed at sea, Ac. shall be tried according to the common law, under the King's commission, to be directed to the admiral and others within the realm.

II.

Offenders shall be proceeded

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte for punysshement of Pyrotes and Robbers of the See. pj

Al / HERE traitours pirotes theves robbers murtherers and confederatoure

* uppon the see, many tymes escape unpunysshed because the triall of their offences hath heretofore ben ordered judged and de?myned before the admyrall or his lyeutenante or comissary, after the course of the civile lawes, the nature wherof is that before any judgement of death eanne be yeven ayenst the offendours, either they must playnly confesse their offences (which they will never doo without torture or paynes) or els their offences be so playnly and directly pved by witnes indifferente, suche as sawe their offences comytted, which cannot be gotten but by chaunce at fewe tymes by cause such offendours comytt their offences uppon the see, and at many tymes murder and kill suche psons being in the shipp or bote where they comytt their offences which shulde wytnes ayenst them in that behalfe, and also suche as shulde bere witnes be comonly maryners and shipmen, which by cause of their often viages and passages in the sees departe without long tarying and ptraction of tyme to the great costf and charges as well of the Kynges Highnes as suche as wolde pursue such offendours: For reformacion wherof be it enacted by the auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that all treasons felonyes robberies murders and confederacies, herafter to be comytted in or uppon the see, or in any other haven ryVe creke or place where the admyrall or admyralls have or ptende to have power auctoritie or jurisdiction, shall be enquired tried harde de?myned and judged in such shires and places in the realme as shall be lymytted by the Kynges comission or comissions to be directed for the same, in like fourme and condicion as if any such offence or offences hadd ben comytted or done in or uppon the lande; and such comissions shall be hadd under the Kinges greate seale directed to the admyrall or admyrals, or to his or their lieutenaunt deputie [or 1 2 ] deputies, and to iij or iiij such other substanciall psons as shall be named or appoynted by the lorde chauncellour of Englande for the tyme being from tyme to tyme and as often as nede shall require, to here and deSmyne suche offences after the comon course of the lawes of this lande, used for tresons felonies robberies murders & confederacies of the same done and comytted upon the lande within this realme.

And be it enacted by the auctoritie aforsaid, that such psonnes to whom such comission or comissions shall be directed, or iiij of them at the leasts, shall

1 The following proviso is annexed to the original Act, in a separate schedule.

So much of this and other recited Acts as relates to the punishment of the crime of piracy, or of any offence by any of the said Acts declared to be piracy, or of accessaries thereto respectively, rep., 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 88. s. l.j

2 and O.

28 Henry VIII. c. 15.

473

have full power and auctoritie to enquire of suche offences and of e9y of them against, tried,

by the othes of twelve good and laufull inhitauntf? in the shire lymytted in

their comission, in suche like maSe and fourme as if suche offences hadd ben before such

comytted uppon the lande, within the same shire; and that e9y inditeraent

founde and psented before such c5missioners, of any treasons felonies robberies of the realm,

murders manslaughters or such other offences comytted or done in or uppon

the sees, or in or uppon any other haven river of creake, shall be good and upon land.

effectuall in the lawe; and if eny pson or psons happen to be indited for eny

such offence done or herafter to be done upon the sees, or in any other places

above lymytted, that then suche order gcesse judgement and execucion shall

be used hadd done and made, to and agaynst e9y such pson and psons so

being indited, as agaynst traytours felons and murderers for treason felony

robbery murder or other such offences done uppon the lande, as by the lawes

of the realme is accustomed; and that the triall of such offence or offences, if

it be denyed by the offendour or offendours, shall be had by xij laufull men

inhabited in the shere lymytted within such cdmission which shall be directed

as is aforsaid, and noo chalenge or chalenges to be hadd for the hundred; and

such as shall be convycte of any suche offence or offences, by verdite

confession or pcesse by auctoritie of any such cdmission, shall have and suffer

such paynes of death losses of landes goodes and catalles, as if they hadd ben

atteynted and convycted of any treasons felonies robberies or other the said

offences doon uppon the landes.

And be it enacted by auctoritie aforsaid, that for treasons robberies felonies III. murders and confederacies, doon upon the see or sees or in any place above rehersed, the offendours shall not be admytted to have the benefite of his or benefit of their clergye, but be utterly excluded therof and from the same, and also the clergy* privilege of any sayntuary.

Provided alway that this Acte extend© not to be pjudiciall or hurtfull to any pson or psons, for takyng any vitaile gables ropes ancars or sayles which any such pson or psons, (compelled by necessitie,) taketh of or in any shipp which may conveniently spare the same, so that the same pson or psons paye out of hande, for the same vitaill gables ropes ancars or sailes, money or money worth to the valew of the thing so taken, or to dely9e for the same a sufficient bille obligatori to be payed in fourme folowyng; that is to say, if the takyng of the same thinges be on this side the Straytes of Marroke then to be paide within iiij monethes, and if it be beyond the said Straites of Marroke then to be paide within xij monethes, next ensuying the makyng of such billes; and that the makers of suche billes well and truly pay the same dett at the day to be lymytted within the said billes.

IV. Proviso for taking provisions or ship's stores in cases of necessity; paying for them.

Provided alway that whan so e9 any such cdmission, for the punyssliment V. of the offences aforsaid or of any of them, shall be directed or sent to any ^SX°D8 place within the jurisdiction of the fy ve portes, that then e9y such comission cinque ports shall be directed unto the lorde wardeyn of the said portes for the tyme directed to the being or to his deputie, and unto iij or iiij such other pson or psons as the lQrd wardc°; lorde chauncellour for the tyme being shall name and appoynte, any thing in this psent Acte to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided alway that and trials whan so e9 any comission shall be directed unto the fyve portes for the iuquisicion and trials of any the offences expssed in this Acte, that e9y such inhabitants.

476

31 Henby VIII. c. 10.

A.D. 1539.

nr.

Places of the archbishops and bishops.

IV. Places of the lord chancellor, lord treasurer, lord president of the council, lord privy seaL

V.

Places of lords great chamberlain, constable, marshal, admiral, steward. King's chamberlain.

VI. Place of the King's chief secretary.

VII. All nobility according to seniority.

VIII. Places of the chancellor, &c. if under

and shall have voyce in everie Parliament to assent or dissent as other the lordes of the Parliament.

And it is also enacted that next to the saide vicegerent, shall sitt the arche-bisshopp of Canterburie, and then next him on the same fourme and syde shall sytt the archebisshop of York, and next to him on the same fourme and syde the bisshopp of London, and next to him on the same syde and fourme the bisshop of Duresme, and next to him on the same syde and fourme the bysshopp of Winchester; and then all the other bisshoppes of both province of Canterburie and Yorke shall sytt and be placed on the same side after their auncyentes as it hath bene accustomed.

And forasmuche as suche other peonage nowe have and hereafter shall happen to have other great offices of the realme, that is to saye, the offices of the lorde chauncellour, the lorde tresorer, the lorde president of the Kingf most honorable counsell, the lorde privey seale, the great chamberleyn of Englande, the constable of Englande, the marciall of Englande, the lorde ad-myrall, the graunde maister or lorde stewarde of the Kingf most honorable housholde, the Kinges chamberleyn, and the Kinges secretarie, bathe not heretofore bene appointed and ordered for the pladnge and sittings in the Kingf moste Highe Courte of Parliament by reason of their offices, it is therefore nowe ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that the lorde chauncellour, the lorde treasourer, the lorde precident of the Kingf counsell and the lorde privey seale beinge of the degre of barons of the Parliament, or above, shall sytt and be placed, aswell in this psent Parliament as in all other Parliamentf hereafter to be holden, on the lyfte syde of the saide parliament chamber on the higher parte of the fourme of the same side, above all dukes, excepte onlie suche as shall happen to be the Kinges sonne, the Kinges brother, the Kinges uncle, the Kinges nephewe or the Kinges brothers or sisters sonnes.

And it is also ordeyned and enacted by authorise aforesaide, that the great chamberleyn, the constable, the marciall, the lorde admyrall, the great maister. or lorde stewarde and the Kinges chamberleyn, shall sytt and be placed after the lorde privie seale in manner and forme followinge that is to saye; everie of them shall sitt and be placed above all other psonagef beinge of the same estates and degrees that they shall happen to be; that is to say, the great chamberleyn first, the constable next, the marciall thirde, the lorde admyrall the fourth, the graunde maister or lorde stewarde the fiveth, and the Kingf chamberleyn the sixt.

And it is also enacted by auctoritie aforesaide that the Kinges chief secretory beinge of the degre of a baron of the Parliament shall sytt and be placed afore and above all baronys, not havinge eny of the offices aforemen-cioned; and if he be a bisshoppe, that then he shall sytt and be placed above all other bisshopps, not havinge any of the offices above remembred.

And it is also ordeyned and enacted by auctoritie aforesaide that all dukes not afore mencioned, marquesses earles vicountf and barons, not havinge anye of the offices aforesaide, shall sytt and be placed after ther auncientf as it hathe ben accustomed.

And it is further enacted that if any pson or psons wch at any tyme hereafter shall happen to have anye of the saide offices of lorde chaunoelor lorde treasoi'er, lorde precident of the Kingf counsell, lorde privey seale or chief

31 Henry VIII. c. 10.

477

seoretorie, shalbe under the degree of a baron of the Parliament, by reason wherof they can have noe interest to give any assent or dissent in the saide House, that then in eyerie such case suche of them as shall happen to be under the saide degree of a baron, shall sitt and be placed at the uppermost parte of the sakkes in the middes of the saide parliament chamber, eyther there to sytt uppon one fourme or uppon the uppermost sakk, the one of them above the other in order as is above rehersed.

Be it also enacted by auctoritie aforesaide, that in all tryallf of treasons by peeres of the realme, yf anye of the peres that shalbe called hereafter to be triours of suche treasons, shall happen to have any of the offices aforesaide, that then they havinge suche offices shall sitt and be placed accordinge to their offices, above all the other peers that shalbe called to suche triallf in manner and fourme as is above mencioned & rehersed.

And it is also enacted by auctoritie aforesaide that aswell in all Parlia-mentf as in the Sterr Chamber, and in all other assemblies and conference of counsell, the lorde chauncelor, the lorde tresorer, the lorde precident, the lorde privey seale, the great chamberleyn, the constable, the marciall, the lorde admyrall, the graunde maister or lorde stewarde, the Kinges chamberleyn, and the King? chief secretorie, shall sytt and be placed in suche order and fashion as is above rehersed, & not in any other place by auctoritie of this peent Acte.

32 HENRY VIII. A.D. 1540.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BY Prorogation at Westminster, on the Twelfth Day of April,*

In the THIRTY-FIRST Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIII: And thence continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of July,

In the THIRTY-SECOND Year of his Reign.

tip; ftottslo flarliammtt tie anno regm Regte fgtnrfri #rtabt, CrtceOimo genmbo.

CHAPTER Y.

Contentacon of Dettf upon executions.

\\THER AS bifore this tyme divers and sundry psonnes have sued execu * tions, aswell uppon judgementis for them geven of their dettis or damages as uppon suche statutes marchaunt statutes of the staple or recog-nisauncf as have ben to them before made recognisied and knowleged, and theruppon suche landis tenementis and other hereditamentis as were lyable to the same execution have ben by reasounable extent to them deliverid in execution for the satisfaction of their said [dueties*] and damages according to the lawes of this realme; nevertheles it hath ben oftentymes seen that suche landis tenementis and hereditamentis so deliverid and hadd in execution have been recoverid or laufiolly devestid taken away or evicted from the

the degree of barons.

IX.

Places of great officers in trials of peers.

X.

Places of great officers in the Star Chamber, or in other councils.

Of lands taken in execution, and divested before satisfaction made;

The year of the reign ending on the 21st of April.

1 debtes 0.

478

32 Henry VIII. c. 5.

A.D. 1540.

where lands, delivered to a creditor in execution, are recovered from him before satisfaction made, the creditor shall have a scire facias and new execution against the lands of the debtor.

possession of the said recoverers obliges or reconisies their executours or assignee before suche tyme as they have ben fully satisfied and paid of their said dettis and damages, without anny maner fraude deoeite collusion covyn or other defaulte in the said recoverers obliges or recognises theire executors or assignee, by reason wherof the said recoverers obliges and recognises have been thereby set clerely without remedy by any maner ante of the lawe to recover or come by anny suche parte or parcell of their said dettis and dammages as was behinde and by them not levied or receyvid bifore suche tyme as the said landis tenements and other hereditamentis so by them had in execution were recoverid laufully devestid taken or evicted out of and from their possessions as is aforesaid, to theire greate hurte and losse, and mnche seamyng to be against equall justice and good conscience: For reformation whereof be it enactid by auctoritie of this present Plament, that if herafter any suche landis tenementis or hereditamentis, as be or shalbe had and deliverid to anny psonne or psonnes in execution as is aforesaid, uppon any juste and laufull title matier condition or cause wherewithal! the said landis tenementis or hereditamentis were liable tyed and bounde at suche tyme as they were deliverid and take into execution, shal happin to be recoverid laufully devestid taken or evictid out of and from the possession of any snche psonne and psonnes as nowe have and holde or herafter shalhave and holde the same in execution as is aforesaide, without any fraude deceits covyn collusion or other defaulte of the said tenant or tenauntis by execution, before suche tyme as the said tenauntis by execution their executours or assignes shalhave fully and holy levyed or received the said hole dett and damages, for the whiche the said landes tenementis and other hereditamentis were deliverid and taken in execution as is aforesaid, [than l-\ every suche recoverer obligee and recognisee shall and may have and pursue a writte of scire facias, out of the same courte from whens the said former writte of execution did procede, against suche psonne or psones as the said writte of execution was first pursuyd, their heires executours or assignes, of suche landes tenementis or hereditamentis as were or be then lyable or charged to the said execution, returnable into the same court at a certain day being full forty daies after the date of the same writte; at which day if the defendaunt being laufolly warned make defaulte, or appere and doo not shewe and pleade a sufficient mattier or cause, other then thacceptaunce of the said landis tenementis and hereditamentis by the said former writte of execution, to barre avoyde or discharge the said sute for the residue of the said dett and dammages remayning unlevied or unreceyvid by the said former execution, [than1] the lorde chauncelo1, or other suche justice or justices before whome suche writte of scire facias shalbe retoumable, shall make eftsones a newe writte or writtf out of the said former recorde of jugement statute marchaunt statute staple or rwognisaunce, of like nature and effect as the saide former writt of execution was, for the levieng of the residue of all suche dett and damage as then shall appere to be unlevied unsatisfied or unpaid of the hole somme or somes in the said former writte of execution cofiteynid; any lawe custume or other thinge to the contrarie herof heretofore used in any wise notwithstanding.

1 then 0.

A.D. 1540.

32 Henry VIII. c. 7.

479

CHAPTER VII.

Payment of tithes & offringf.

Il7 MERE divers and many psonnes, inhabiting in simdrie counties and Subtraction of * places of this realme and other the Kinges dominions, not regarding ^propriaToref their dueties to Allmighty God and to the Kinge our souveraine lord, but in who could not fewe yeris past more contemptuously and comonly psumyng to offende and ^!*or ^ infringe the good and holsome lawes of this realme and gracious commaun-dementis of our said sou9aine lord than in tymes past hath been seen or knowne, have not letted to subtracte and withdraw© the laufull and accustumed tithes of comes haye pasturages and other sorte of tithes and oblacions, comonly due to the owners proprietaries and possessours of the psonnages vicarages and other ecctiasticall places of and within the said realme and dominions; being the more encouraged therunto for that that divers of the Kinges subjectis being lay psonnes having psonnages vicareges and tithes to them and to their heires, or to them and to theire heirf of their bodies laufull begotten, or for term of lif or yens, cannot by thorder and course of the ecctiasticall lawes of this realme sue in any ecctiasticall courte for the wrongefull withholding and deteyning of the said tithes or other dueties, nor cannot by thorder of the comon lawes of this realme have any due remedy against any persone or personnes their heires or assigneis that wrongefully deteyneth or witholdeth the same; by occasion wherof muche controversie sute variance and discord is like to insurge and insue amonge the Kinges subiectis, to the grete detriment damage and decay of many of them, if convenient spedy remedy therefore be not had and gvided: Wherefore it is ordeyned and enacted by our said souveraine lorde the King with thassent of the lordes spuall and temporal! and the comons in this present Plament assembled and by auctoritie of the same, that all and singulier psonnes of this Tithes, &c. his said realme and other his dominions, of what estate degree or condition out)^. ac-soe9 he or they be, shall fully truely and effectually divide sett out yelde or cording to pay all & singulier tithes and offeringes aforesaid according to the laufull eyery^arish: custumes and usages of the parrishes and places where suche tithes or dueties shall growe arrise come or be due. And in cace that it shalhappen any On failure, the psonne or psonnes of his or their ungodly and pverse will and mynde to oMay' may^ deteyne or witholde any of the said tithes or offeringes or parte or parcell convent the thereof then the psonne or parties, being ecctiasticall or lay psonne, having cause to demaunde or have the said tithes or offeringes being thereby wronged ordinary;

or greved shall and [--] convent the psonne or psonnes so offending byfore

the ordinarie his comissarie or other competent ministre or lefull judge of the place where suche wronge shalbe doon, according to the ecctiasticall lawes; and in everie suche cause or matier of sute the same ordinarie comissarie or other competent ministre or lefull judge, having the parties or their laufull procuratours bifore him or them, shall and may by vertue of this Acte prooede to thexamination hearing and determination of everie suche cause or matier ordinarily or sumarily according to the course and proces of the said ecctiasticall lawes, and theruppon may geve sentence accordingly; and in cace how co*t» that any of the parties, for any cause or matier concerning that sute, doo jjjjr

-----appeal.

1 may 0.

480

32 Henry VIII. c. 7.

A.D. 1540.

n.

Persons refusing to pay tithes, &c. after sentence may be attached and imprisoned by two justices on certificate of the spiritual judge.

m.

Saving for lands being tithe free.

IV.

Proviso for the city of London.

V.

Persons having estates of inheritance in parsonages, tithes, &c. if disseised thereof may recover their estates therein in the temporal courts, as in case of lands and tenements.

appele from the sentence order and diffinitive jugement of the said ordinarieor other competent judge as is aforesaide, then the same judge by vertue of this Acte forthwith uppon suche appellations made shall adjudge to thother partie the reasonable costis of his suyte therin bifore expendid, and shall compelle the same partie appellaunt to satisfie and pay the same costis so adjuged by compulsarie proces and censures of the said lawes eccliasticall, taking suertie of thother ptie to whome suche costis shalbe adjudged and paid to restore the same costis to the partie appellant, if after the principall cause of that sute of appele shalbe adjuged against the same partie to whome the said costis shalbe yelden: And so everie ordinarie or other competent judge eccliasticall by vertue of this Acte shall adjudge costis to thother partie uppon everie appele to

[-----] or cause of subtraction or detention of any tithes or

offeringes or in any other sute to be made for or concerning the dutie of suche tithes or [-----.]

And further be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that if anny psone or psones, after suche sentence diffinitive geven against them, obstinately and wilfully refuse for to pay their tithes or dueties or suche sommes of money so adjuged wherin they be condempned for the same, that [than s] twoo justices of the peace of the same shire wherof one to be of the quog shalhave auctoritie by this Acte, uppon information certificate or complainte to them made in writing by the said eccliasticall judge that gave the same sentence, to cause the same partie so refusing to be attached and comitted to the next jaile, and there to remayne without baile or maineprise till he or they shalhave founde sufficient suerties to be bounde by recognisaunce or otherwise byfore the same

justices to thuse of [----- 4] said souveraine lorde the Kinge to pfourme the

said diffinitive sentence and judgement.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that no psonne or psonnes shalbe sued or otherwise compelled to yelde geve or pay any maner of tithes, for any mannours landis tefitis or hereditamentis whiche by the lawes or statutis of this realme are discharged or not chargeable with the payment of any suche tithes.

Provided also and be it enacted by auctorite aforesaid that this Acte nor any thinge therin conteyned shall in any wise bynde the inhabitauntis of the citie of London and subburbes of the same, for to pay their tithes and offeringes within the same citie and subburbes otherwise then they ought or shulde have doon bifore the making of this Acte; any thinge conteyned in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the auctorite aforsaid, that in all cases where any personne or psonnes which now have or whiche herafter shalhave any astate of inheritaunce freeholde terme right or interest of in or to any personage vicarage porcion pen cion tithes oblacions or other eccliasticall or spirituall profitt, whiche nowe be or (5) herafter shalbe made temporall or admitted to be abide and goo to or in temporall handes or lay uses and profittes by the lawes or statutis of this realme, shall herafter fortune to be [deseased6] deforsed wronged or otherwise kept or putt from their laufull inheritaunce estate season possession occupation terme right or interest of in

1 be made in any sute O. 2 offeringes O. 3 then 0.

4 oT 0. 5 whiphe O. 6 disseasid 0.

32 Henry VIII. c. 7, 9.

481

or to the same, or of in or to any parcell therof, by any other personne or personnes claymyng or pretending to have interest or title in or to the same, that then in all and e9y suche cace or cases the psonne or psonnes so disseised deforsed or wrongefully kept or put from his or their right or possession as is afore rehersid, their heires wifes and suche other to whome suche injurie or wronge shalbe doon or eomitted, shall and may have their remedy in the Kinges temporall courtes, or other temporall courtes as the cace shall require, for the recoverie getting or obteyning of suche inheritaunce estate freholde season possession terme right or interest by writtes original! of prec qd reddat, ass of nov^ll disseison, mortdanc, quod ei deforciat, writtes of dower, or other writtes originall as the cace shall require, to be [divised *] and graunted in the Kinges Court of Chauncerie of e9y suche psonnage vicarage portion pension or other profitt called eccliasticall or spuall so to be demaunded, according to the nature and cause of the sute therof, in like maner and fourme as they shulde ought or myght have had of or for landis tentis or other hereditamentis in suche maner to be demaunded; and that [the *] writtes of covenante and other writtes for fynes to be levied, and all other assuraunces to be had made or conveyed, of any such psonnage vicaredge porcion pension or other profitt called eccliasticall or spuall as is aforesaid, shalbe herafter [divised1] and graunted in the same Chauncerie, according as hath ben used for fynes to be levied and assuraunce to be had made or conveyed, of landis tentis or other hereditamentis: And that all judgementis to be geven uppon any of the said writtes originall so to be devised and graunted of or for any the pmisses or any of them, and all fynes to be levied and knowledged in any of the Kinges said courtis therof, shalbe of like force and effect in the lawe to all intentis and purposes as judgementis geven and fynes levied of landis tenementis and hereditament^ in the same courtis uppon writtes originall therefore duely pursued and prosecuted; albeit no suche fourme of writtes originall out of the said Courte of Chauncerie have heretofore proceded or ben awarded. Provided alwaies that this last Acte shall not extende nor be expounded to geve any remedy cause of action or sute in the courtes temporall against any psonne or personnes whiche shall refuse or denye to sett out his or their tithes, or whiche shall deteyne withold or refuse to pay his tithes or offeringes or any parcell therof; but that in all suche caces the psonne or gte being eccliasticall or laye psone having cause to demaunde or to have the said tithes or offeringes and thereby wronged or greved shalhave and take their remedy for their said tithes or offeringes in everie suche cace in the spuall courtis, according

to thordinaunce in the first [--s] of this Acte mencioned and not otherwise:

any thinge herin expressid to the contrarie therof notwithstanding.

Writs of covenant, &c. for levying fines of parsonages, &c. shall be granted from Chancery, and judgements given thereon as in cases of lands.

Bat all process for subtraction of tithes shall be in the spiritual courts.

See § 1. of this Act

CHAPTER IX

Agenst maintenaunce and embracery byeng of titles, &c. rriHE* King our souveraine lorde calling to his moste blissed remembraunce For prevention that there is nothing within this realme that conserveth his loving subjectis andmbraceiy-in more quietnes rest peace and good Concorde then the due and juste ministration of his lawes and the true and indifferent triall of suche titles and

8 part 0.

H H

482

32 Henry VIII. c. 9.

A.D. 1540.

all statutes against those offences shall be put in execution.

n.

None shall buy, Bell, or bargain for any right in lands, unless the seller hath been in possession or taken the profits for one year:

Penalty, of the value of the lands, on the seller and buyer.

Application of penalty.

m.

Penalty on unlawful maintenance of suits;

issues as ben to be tried according to the lawes of this realme, whiche his most© roiall Majestie pceyveth to be gretely hindered and lettid by raayne-tenance embracerie champartie subomacion of witnesses sinistre labour buying of titles and pretensed rightes of personnes not being in possession, wheruppon great© pjury hathe ensued and muche unquietnes oppression vexation troubles wrongis and dishenheritaunce hath folowed amongest his moste loving subjectis, to the greate displeasure of Allmighty God the discontentacion of his Majestie and to the greate hinderaunce and lett of justice within this his realme; for avoyding of all which misdemeanours and bying of titles Mid

pretensed [-----1 ] and to thintent that justice may be the more fully and

indifferently ministred and the trueth in causes of contention plainely tryed bitwene his subiectis of this realme: Be it enacted by our said sOjiverain lorde with thassent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this present Plament assembled and by auctoritie of the same, that fromhensfurth all statutes heretofore made concerning maintenance champarty and embracery, or any of them nowe standing and being in their foil streignth and force, shalbe put in due execution according to the tenures and effectis of the same statutis.

And over that be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid that no psonne or psonnes, of what estate degree or condition soever he or they be, shall fromhensforthe bargaine bye or sell, or by any waies or meanes obtayne get or have, any pretensed rightis or titles, or take promise graunte or covenant to have any right or title of anny psonne or psonnes in or to any mannours landis tentis or hereditamentis, but if such psonne or psonnes which shall so bargaine sell give graunte covenante or promise the same their anteceasours or they by whome he or they clayme the same, have ben in possession of the same, or of the reversion or remaindre therof, or taken the rentis or profittes therof, by the space of one hole yere next bifore the said bargaine oovenant graunte or promise made; uppon payne that he thatt shall make any suche bargaine sale promise covenant© or graunte to forfaicte the hole value of the landis tenementis or hereditamentis so bargayned solde promised oovenanted or graunted contraire to the fourme of this Acte; and the byer or taker therof knowing the same to forfaicte also the value of the said landis tenementis or hereditamentis so by him bought or taken as is abovesaid: Thone half of the said forfaictures to be to the King our souveraine lorde, and thother half to the partie that woll sue for the same in any of the Kingf courtes of recorde by action of dett bill playnt or information; in whiche action bill plainte or information none essoyne protection wager of law© nor injunction shalbe allowed.

And furthermore that no maner of psonne or psonnes, of what estate degree or condition soever he or they be, doo herafter unlaufolly maineteyne or cause or procure any unlaufoll mayntenance in any action demaunde sute or complainte in anny of the Kinges Courtf of (2) Chaunoerie, the Sterre Chamber [the *] White Hall, or elliswhere within any the Kinges dominions of England or Wales or the marches of the same, where any psonne or psonnes have or herafter shalhave auctoritie by vertue of the Kinges comission patent or writte to hold plee of landis, or to examyn here or determyn any title of

A.D. 1540.

32 Henry VIII. c. 9, 28.

483

landis or any matter or witnesses concerning the title or interest of any landis teStis or hereditamet?; and also that no psone nor psonnes of what estate and on un-degree or condition soever he or they be doo herafter unlaufully reteigne, for mainetenance of any sute or plea, any psone or psonnes, or embrace any subornation, freholders or jurours, or subome any witnes by ires rewardis promises or by &c* any other sinistre labour or meanes, for to maineteigne any matter or cause, or to the distourbaunce or hinderaunce of justice, or to the procurement or occasion of any maner of pjury by false verdict, or otherwise in any maner of court? aforesaid, uppon paine of forfaicture for e9y suche offence x. li. Thone Ten pounds, moytie therof to the King our souveraine lorde and thother moytie to him that woll sue for the same by action of dett bill playnte or information in any the Kinges courtis in which action none essoyne protection wager of lawe nor injunction shalbe allowed.

Provided alway and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforsaid, that it shalbe

laufull to any psonne or psonnes, being in lawfull possession by taking of the ^ pur.

yerely ferme rentis or profittes of or for any mannours landis tentis or chase pretensed hereditamentis, to bye obtaine gett or have by any reasonnable waies or meanis the pretensed righte or title of anny other psonne or psonnes herafter to be made to of or in suche manours landis tenementis or hereditamentis wherof he or they shall so be in laufull possession; any thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

(1) Provided alwaie and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid that this VX Acte shall not extende to charge any psonne or psonnes with any of the penalities mentioned in the said Acte, for any offence by him or them comitted year, contrary to the said Acte, except the same psone or psonnes so offending be sued therof by action of dett bill plaint or information in any of the Kinges courtis within one yere next after the same offence by him or them comitted as is aforesaid.

CHAPTER XXVIII.

An Acte that Lesez may enjoy their fermes. |aJ

\\T HERE greate nombre of the Kinges subjectis have heretofore taken leases of landes tenementis and other hereditamet? for terme of yeris, and divers of them for terme of ly ves, and have geven and paide greate fynes and greate sommes for the same and also have ben at greate costis and charges aswell in and aboute greate reparations and buylding? upon their said fermes as otherwise concerning the same fermes, yet notwithstanding the said fermours after [their *] deathis or resignations of their lesso have been and be daily with greate cruelty expulsed and putt out of their said fermes and taking? by theires or successours of their said lessours, or by Buche psonnes as have interest therin after the deaths or resignations of their said lessours, by reason of privye [gifte 8] of entayle, or for that the lessours had nothing in the landis tenementis or other hereditamentis so letten at the 1 2

1 This proviso is contained in a separate schedule annexed to the original Act.

Rep., except so far as relates to leases made by persons having an estate in the right of their churches, 19 & 20 Vict. c. 120. s. 35.J

2 the 0. 8 eiftes O.

Evil of avoiding certain leases;

H H 2

484

32 Henry VIII. c. 28.

A.D. 1510.

leases made by tenants in fee, or in right of their wives or churches, declared valid against their heirs and successors.

n.

Not to extend to leases in reversion, &c. or for more than 21 yean, &c.

Reservation of accustomed rent on such leases, payable to the reversioners.

tyme of the leasses therof made but only in the right of their wy ves, or suche other like cause, to the great© impo9yshment and in maner utter undoyng of the said fermours: For reformacion wherof be it ordeynid establishid and enactid by the King our sou9aine lorde the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this present Plament assemblid and by auctority of the same, that all leasses herafter to be made of any manours landis tenementis or other hereditamentis by writing indentid under seale for terme of yeres or for terme of life, by any psonne or psonnes being of full age of xxj yeris, having anny estate of inheritaunce either in fee symple or in fee tayle in their owne right or in the right of their churches or wifes, or joyntly with their wifes, of any estate of inheritaunce made before the coverture or after, shalbe good and effectuall in the lawe againste the leassours their wifes heires and successours and every of them, according to suche astate as is comprisid and specified in every suche indenture of leasse in like maner and fourme as the same shalde have ben if the leassours therof and e9y of them at the tyme of the making of suche leasses had been laufully seasid of the same landes tenementis and hereditamentis comprisid in suche indenture of (*) good parfitt and pure astate of fee symple therof to their owne onely uses.

Provtdid alway that this Acte or anny thinge therin conteynid shall not extende to any leasses to be made of anny manours landis tenementis or hereditamentis being in thandis of any fermour or fermours by vertue of any olde lease, onlesse the same olde lease be expired surrendred or ended within one yere next after the making of the saide newe leasse; nor shall extende to any graunt to be made of any reversion of any mannours landis tenementis or hereditamentis nor to any lease of any manours landis tentis or hereditamentis which have not moost comonly ben letten to ferme or occupied by the fermours therof by the space of twentye yeres next bifore suche lease therof made; nor to anny lease to be made without impechement of waste; nor to any lease to be made above the numbre of xxjti yeres or three ly ves at the moste from the day of making therof; and that upon every suche lease there be reservid yerely during the same lease due and payable to the lessours their heires and successours, to whome the same landis shulde have comen after the deathes of the lessours if no suche lease had ben theroff made and to whome the reversion therof shall appertayne according to their estatis and interests, so muche yerely ferme or rent or more as hath been moste accustumably yelden or paide for the mannours landes tenementis and hereditamentis so to be letten within twentye yeris nexte before suche lease therof made; and that e9y suche psonne and psonnes to whome the reversion of suche manours landis tenementis or hereditamentis so to be letten shall appertaine as is aforesaide after the deathis of suche lessours or their heires shall and may have suche like remedye and advantage to all intentis and purposes againste the [lessee *] therof theire executours or assigneis as the same lessour shuld or might have had againste the same [lessee *]; so that if the lessour were seasid of any especiall estate taile of the same hereditamentis at the tyme of suche leasse that thissue or heire of that speciall estate shalhave the reversion rentis and services reservid upon suche lease after the deathe of the saide lessour as the lessour hymselfe myght or ought to have hadd yf he hadd lyved.


la O.

A.D. 154*0.

32 Henry YIII. c. 28.

485

Provided also that this Acte extend not to geve any libertie or power to anny psone or psonnes to take any moo fermes leasses or takingf of anny maners landis tenementis or other hereditamentis than he or they shuld or might laufully have doon bifore the making of this Acte; nor extende to geve anny libertie or power to anny psonne or vicar of anny churche or vicarege for to make any leasse or graunte of any their mesuages landis tentis tithes profittes or hereditamentis belonging to their churches or vicareges otherwise or in anny other maner than they shuld or might have doon before the makinge of this Acte; any thinge conteynid in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And furthermore be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid that all leasses at any tyme within the space of three yeris next before the xij^ day of Aprill in the xxxj yere of our souveraigne lorde the Kinges reigne made by writing indented undre seale by anny psonne or psones of full age of hole memory not unlawfully [coarcted l-\ [not *] being [covertbame,'8] for terme of yeris of anny maners landis tenementis or other hereditamentis, whereof the lessour or lessours were seasid of anny astate of inheritaunce of and in the same to their owne onely use at the tyme of making of anny suche lease therof, and wherof the [leasses 4] their executors or assigneis be nowe in possession by vertue of the same leasse and no cause of reentre or forfaicture therof had or made, shalbe good and effectuall in the lawe against the leassours their heires and successours and the heires and successours of e9y of them according to the covenantis articles and agreamentis specified in e9y suche indentu? of lease: So alwaies there be reservid and yerely payable during the same lease to the said lessours their heires or successours, or to suche other as shuld or ought to have had the same manours landis tentis or hereditamentis so lessed after the decesse of suche lessours in cace no such lease had therof been made, asmuche yerely rent for the same as was at anny tyme therefore yelden or paid within xx yeres next bifore the making of anny suche lease, or ellis suche leases to be of noo other force ne effect than they were bifore the making of this present Aote.



Provided also that this Acte extend not to make good any lease or leases heretofore made by any ecdiasticall psone or psonnes by their covent or comen seale, whiche be made void or taken away by auctoritie of any Acte of Plament heretofore made; nor extend to make good any leasse or leases heretofore made by any ecdiasticall psone or psonnes nowe being attainted of treason, undre their covent seale or otherwise, or by any other psonne or psonnes nowe being attainted of treason by Acte of Plament or otherwise; but that all and singulier suche lease and leases and e9y of them nowe made or herafter to be made shalbe of suche like effect and strength in the lawe and none other as they and everie of them were bifore the making of this Acte, any thing bifore mentioned in this Acte to the contrarie thereof notwithstanding.

IV.

Not to extend to increasing farms, or enabling clergy to lease otherwise than by law.

V.

Existing leases at old rents confirmed, against the heirs and successors of the lessors.

vin.

Proviso as to leases by spiritual persons attainted, &c.

1 cohcrted O.

2 nor 0.

8 covert baron 0.

32 Henry VIII. c. 30.

AJ). 1540.

Mischiefs of mispleadings, jeofails, &c.

After verdict, judgement shall be given, without regard to mispleading.

CHAPTEK XXX.

Mispleading Jeofailes, &c.

T^ORASMUCHE as the partie playntifes and demanndauntis in all maner of actions and sutes aswell reall as psonall at the comon lawe of this realme bifore this tyme have been greately delayed and hindred in their sutes and demaundis, by reason of the craftye subtUl and negligent pleading^ of the plainetifes or demaundauntes defendauntis or ten*nt? where any action or demaunde hath been sued had or made, aswell in ministring of their declarations and barres as also in their replications rejoynders rebutters joyning of issues and other pleading^, to the greate hurte delay and hinder-aunoe of the said plainetifes or demaundauntis or to the vexation of the defendauntis or tenantis, in so muche that whan thissues joynid in the same actions betwene the parties to the same hath been tried and founde by the verdicte of xij or moo indifferent psonnes for the said plainetifes or demaundauntis or for the tenantis or defendauntis, and the justices redy to geve judgement for the said parties for whome the said issue was founde, the same parties have ben compellid by the course and ordre of the comon lawe of this realme afore this tyme to replede, and the said verdictes so geven as is aforerehersid to be taken as voide and of none effecte, sometyme bicause thissues have ben misjoyned and a [jeofail1] and sometyme by taking advantage of the parties owne mispleading, or in the pursueing [myscon-tynuying *] or discontynuyng of proces of any of the parties and for divers other causes; the whiche is thought aswell a greate scl&under to the stud comon lawe of this realme and to the ministres of the same as also playne delays and hinderaunce unto the said parties, in that they shulde not have their judgements whan thissue hathe ben founde and tried as is aforesaide to their greate costis and charges; be it therefore enacted by the King our souveraine lorde the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this psent Plamet assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that fromhensfurth if any issue be tried by the othe of xij or moo indifferent men for the partie plainctif or demaundant or for the partie of the tenant or defendaunt, in any maner of action or sute at the comon lawe of this realme in any of the Kinges courtis of recorde, that then the justice and justices by whome judgemet therof ought to be geven shall procede and geve judgement in the same; any mys-pleading lacke of colour in sufficient pleading or jeofaile any myscontynuance or discontinuance or mysconveying of process mysjoyning of thissue lacke of warraunt of attoumay for the partie against whome the same issue shal-happen to be tried, or any other defaulte or necligence of any of the parties ther counsaillours or attoumaies, had or made to the contrary notwithstanding; and the saide judgements therof so to be had and geven shall stande in full strength and force to all intentis and purposes accordinge to the said verdicte, without any reversell or undoing of the same by writte of errour or of false judgement, in like fourme as though no suche defaulte or necligence had ne9 ben had or comitted.


1 yeofaile O. 2 mysconveying O.

A.D. 1540.

32 Henry Yin. c. 32, 34.

487

CHAPTER XXXIl.

Joinctenauntf for lif or yeres.

"G1 OR ASMTJCHE as in the Plament begon at Westm the xxviii*1 day of Aprill and there contynued till the xxviii*111 day of June the xxxj yere of the Kinges mooste noble and victoriouse reigne that nowe is, it was amongest other thinges [there*] enacted and established that all joyncte tenantis and tenntis in comon that then were or heraffcre shulde be of anny estate or estatis of inheritaunce, in their owne rightis or in the right of their wifes, of anny mannours landis tenementis or hereditamentis within this realme of England Wales or inarches of the same, shall and may be coacted and compellid by vertue of the said Acte to make partition betwene them of all suche mannours landis tentis and hereditamentis as they [than hilde *] or herafter shulde holde as joynte tenantis or tenantis in coen; as more (3) at large apperith by the said estatute: And forasmuche as the said estatute do the not extende to joyncte tenantis or tenantis in comon for terme of life or yeris, nother to joyncte tenantis or tenantis in comon where one or some of them have but a pticulier estate for terme of life or yeris and thother have estate or estatis of inheritaunce of and in any mannours landis tenementis and hereditatf; be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our sou9aine lorde and by thassent of his lordis spuall and temporall and the comons in this ftaent Plament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that all joy net tenantis and tenaimtis in comen and e9y of them, whiche nowe hold or herafter shal-holde joynctly or in c5mon for terme of life yere or yeres, or joyncteten^tis or tenantis in comon where one or some of them have or shalhave estate or estatis for terme of life or yeris with thother that have or shalhave estate or estatis of inheritaunce or freeholde, in any manours landes tentis or hereditamentis, shall and may be compellable from hensfurth, by writte of partition to be pursued out of the Kinges Courtis of Chauncery uppon his or their cace or caces, to make severaunce and partition of all suche manours landis tenementis and hereditamentis whiche they holde joynctely or in c5mon for terme of lyf or lifes yere or yeris, where one or some of them holde joynctly or in comon for terme of life or yeris with other, or that have an estate or estatis of inheritaunce or freeholde.

Provided alway and be it enacted that no suche ptition nor severaunce hereafter to be made by force of this Acte be nor shalbe prejudicial! or hurtefull to anny psonne or psonnes their heirs or successours other than suche whiche be parties unto the said partition their executors or assigneis.

CHAPTER XXXIV.

Graunties of Reversions.

11/ HERE bifore this tyme divers, aswell temporall as ecclesiasticall and " * religiouse psonnes, have made sundry leases demyses and grauntis to divers other psones of sundry manours lordshipps fermes meases landis tenementis medowes pastures or other hereditamentis for terme of life or lifes or for terme of yeres, by writing undre their seale or sealis conteyning

st. 31 h. vni.

c. 1. for partition by joint-tenants, &c. extended to persons having particular estates for life or years.

II.

Such partition shall not prejudice others, not parties.

Covenants in leases, &c. not available, by common law, except to parties or privies thereto;

488

32 Henry VIII. c. 34.

A.D. 1540.

grantees of the lands of religious houses dissolved, and all grantees of reversions in lands, &c. shall have advantage of all covenants against the lessees of such lands.

certain conditions covenantis and agreamentis to be pfourmed as well on the parte and bihalfe of the said [leases and grauntis1] their executours and assigneis, as on the behalf of the said lessours and grantours their heirs and successours; and forasmnche as by the comon la we of this realms no straunger to any covenant action or condition shall take any advantage or benefite of the same by any meanes or wayes in the lawe, but onely suche as be parties or prives therunto, by the reason wherof as well all [grauntis8] of reversions as also all grauntees and [patentis8] of the Bang our 80u9aine lorde of sundrie manours lordeships graunges fermes meases landis tenementis medowes pastures or other hereditamentis, late bilonging to monasteries and other religiouse and eccliasticall houses dissolved suppresaid renouncid relinquished forfaicted geven up or by other meanes come to thandis and possession of the Kingf Majesty syns the fourth day of February the xxvijtk yere of his mooste noble reigne, be excluded to have any entree or action against the said [leases 4] and grauntees their executours or assigneis whiche the lessours bifore that tyme mought by the lawe have had against the same [lesses4] for the breache of any condition coven*nt or agreament comprisid in the indentures of their said lesses dimises and grauntes: Be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our sou9aine lorde the lordes spuall and temporall and the commons in this present Plament assembled and by auctoritie of the sam, that aswell all and e9y psonne & psones and bodies politike their heires successours and assigneis, whiche have or shalhave any gifte or graunte of our said souveraine lorde by his Ires patentis of anny lordeships mannours landis tentis rentis psonnages tithes portions or any other hereditaments, or of anny reversion or reversions of the same, whiche did bilonge and apptaine to any of the said monasteries and other religiouse and eccliasticall houses dissolved suppressid relinquished forfaicted or by any other meanes come to the Kinges handes syns the said iiij^ day of February the xxvij yere of his moost noble reigne, or whiche at any tyme heretofore did bilonge or appertayne to any other psone or psonnes and aftre came to thandis of our said souveraine lorde, as also all other psonnes being grauntees or assigneis to or by our said souveraine lorde the King, or to or by any other psonne or psonnes than the Kingf Highnes, and theires executours successours and assignes of everie of them, shall and may have and enjoye like advantage against the [lesses 5] their executours administratours and assigneis, by entree for none payment of the rent or for doing of wast or other forfaicture, and also shall and may have and enjoye all and every suche like and the same advantage benefite and remedyes by action onely for not pfourmyng of other conditions covenantis or agreamentis conteynid and expressid in the endentures of their said leases dymyses or grauntes, against all and e9y the said [lesses5] and fermours and graunties their executours administratours and assigneis, as the said lessours or grantours them selfis or their heires or successours ought shuld or might have had and enjoyed at any tyme or tymes, in like maner and fourme as if the reversion of suche landis tenementis or hereditametf had not come to thandis of our said sou9aine lorde, or as our said souveraine lorde his heires and successours shuld or

1 lessees & graunties O.

2 gr*unties O.

spatentye8 O.

A.D. 1540.

32 Henry VIII. c. 34, 37.

480

might have had and enjoyed in oertaine cases by vertue of Thacte made at the first cession of this psent Plament if no suche gr*nte by ires patented had ben made by his Highnes.

MoreovI be it enacted by auctoritie aforesaid that all fermours lessees and grantees of lordeshipps manours landis tenements rentis psonnages tithes portions or anny other hereditamentis for terme of yeres life or lyfes their executours administratours and assigneis, shall and may have like action av*ntage and remedy againste all and everie psonne and psonnes and bodies politike their heires successours and assigneis, whiche have or shalhave any gifle or graunte of our souveraine lorde the Kinge or of anny other psonne or psonnes of the re^sion of the same manours landis teiitis and other hereditamentis so letten or any pcell therof, for any condition covenant or agreament conteynid or expressid in the indenture of their leasse and leasses as the same [leases*] or anny of them might and shulde have had against their 9aid leassours and gFuntours their heires or successours; all benefites and advantages of recoveres by reason of anny warraunty in deode or in lawe by voucher or otherwise onely exceptid.

Provided allwaies that this Acte nor anny thinge or thinges therin conteynid shall extend to hindre or charge any psone or psonnes for the breche of any covenant or condition comprised in any suche writing as is aforesaid, but for suche coven*ntis and conditions as shall be broken or not pfourmed after the firste day of Septembre next coming and not bifore; any thinge bifore in this Acte conteynid to the contrarie therof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XXXVII.

For recoding of Arreragf by Executors & Administrator.

"T710RASMUCH as by thordre of the comon lawe thexecutours and adminis-tratours of tenantf in fee simple tenatf in fee taile & tenant? for terme of lifes of rentis services rente charges rente seek? and fee fermes have no remedy to reco9 such arrerages of the said rentis or fee fermes as were due unto their testatours in their lifes, nor yet the heires of suche testatour nor anny psonne having the reversion of his estate aftre his deceace may distraine or have anny laufull action to levye anny suche arrerages of rentis or fee fermes due unto him in his life as is aforesaid; by reason wherof the ten*ntis of the [demayne s] of suche landis tenementis or hereditamentis out of the whiche suche rentis were due and paieable who of right [out9] to pay their rentis and fermes (*) suche daies and termes as they were due, doo many tymes kepe holde and retaine suche arrerages in their owne handis, so that thexecutours and administratours of the psonnes to whome suche rentis or fee fermes were due cannot have or come by the said arrerages of the same towardis the payment of the dettis and pfourmaunce of the will of the said testatours; for remedy wherof be it enacted by auctoritie of this psent Plainent that thexecutours and administratours of evy suche psonne or psonnes unto whome any suche rent or fee ferine Is or shalbe doe and not paid at the tyme of his deathe shall and may have an action of dett for all suche arrerages, against the tenant or ten*ntis that ought to liave paide the said rent or fee

1 lessees O. 1 <kueaoe O. 9 ought O. * atte O.

81 H. VIII. o. 13.

II.

Lessees may have action of covenant, Ac. against suoh grantees.

111. Commencement of the provisions of this Act.

Arrears of rent, Ac. not recoverable by executors, Ac. at common law:

Executors, Ac. may maintain action of debt for arrears of rent due to testator; or dhrtrain t be iannedtate tffMffrf

490

32 Henby VIII. c. 37.

A.D. 1540.

ii.

Proviso for redemption money to lords in Wales.

m.

Husband may recover rent due in right of his wife deceased.

IV. Persons entitled to rents, during the life of another, may recover the same after death of cestui que vie.

fermes so being behind© in the life of their testatour, or against thexecu tours and administrators of the said tenantis: And also furthermore it shalbe laufidl to e9y suche exeeutour and administrator of any suche psonne or psonnes, unto whome suche rent or feferme is or shalbe due and not paid at the tyme of his deathe as is aforesaid, to distrain© for the arrerages of all suche rentis and fee fermes upon the landis tenement!© and other theredita-mentis whiche were charged with the payment of suche rentis or fee fermes, and chargeable .to the [distrees*] of the said testator, so longe as the said landis tenementis or (2) hereditament contynue remaine and be in the season or possession of the said tenant in [demaine *] who ought ymmediately to have paid the said rent or fee ferme so being behinde to the said testator in his life, or in the season or possession of anny other psonne or psonnes clayming the said landis tentis & hereditamentis onely by and from the said tenant by purchace gifte or discent; in like maner and fourme as their said testatour mought or ought to have doon in his life tyme, and the said executors and administrators shall for the same distress© laufully make avowry uppon their matier afforesaid.

Provided alway that this Acte or any thing therin coteynid shall not extend to anny suche manno* lordeship or dominion in Wales or in the marches of the same, wherof thinhabitauntis have used tyme out the mynd of manne to pay unto everie lorde or owner of suche lordship manor or dominion, at his or their first entree into the same, anny some or somes of money for the redemption and discharge of all duetyes forfaictures and penalities wherewith the said inhabitauntis were chargeable to any of their said lordes auncestours or predecessors bifore his said entre.

And further be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid that if anny man which nowe hathe or herafore shalhave in the right of his wif anny estate in fee symple fee taill or for terme of life of or in any rentis or fee fermes^ and the same rentis or fee fermes nowe be or herafter shalbe due byhinde and unpaid in the said wifes lif, [than 4] the said husbaund aftre the death of his said wife his executors and administrators shall have an action of dett for the said arrerages against the tenaunt of the demeane that ought to have paid the same his executors or administrators, and also the said husbaund after the death of his said wife may distraine for the said arrerages, in like maner and forme as he mought have doon yf his said wif had ben [than4] lyvyng, and make avowry uppon his said matier as is aforesaid.

And likewise it is further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid that yf any psone or psons whiche nowe have or herafter shalhave any rentis or fee fermes for terme of life or lyves of anny other psonne or psonnes, and the said rent or fee ferme nowe be or heraftre shalbe due behinde and unpaid in the life of suche psonne or psonnes for whose life or lifes the estate of the said rent or fee ferme did depend or contynue, and aftre the said psonne or psones doth dye, [than4] he unto whome the said rent or fee ferme was due in fourme aforesaid, his executours and administratours, shall and may have an action of dett against the tenant in demeane that ought to have paid the same whan it first was due his executours and admistratours, and also distrayne for the same arrerages uppon suche landis and tenementis out of the whiche the said

1 distress© O.

2 other O.

3 demeane O.

then O.

82 Henry YIII. c. 37, 38.

491

rentis or fee fermes were yssuyng and payeable, in snche like maner and fourme as he ought or might have doon if suche psonne or psonnes, by whose deathe the aforesaid astate in the said rentis and fee fermes was determined and expired, had ben in full lif and not deade, and the avowry for the taking of the same distres to be made in maner and founne aforesaid.

CHAPTER XXXVIII.

ConSning pcontractf and degrees of Consahguinite. JaJ

Y\l HERAS heretofore the usurped power of the bishop of Rome hathe " alwayes entangled and troubled the mere jurisdiction and legal power of this readme of England, and also unquietid muche the subjectis of the same by his usurped power in them, as by making that unlaufull whiche by Goddis wourde is laufull bothe in manages and other thinges as heraftre shall appere at more length; and till nowe of late in our souveraine lordes tyme, whiche is otherwise by laming tawght than his predecessours in tymes past of longe tyme have ben, hath so contynued the same, wherof yet some sparkis be lefte whiche heraftre might kindle a greater fyer and so remayning his power not to seme utterly extincte, therefore it is thought mooste convenient to the Kinges Highnes his lordis spuall and temporall with the comons of his realme assembled in this present Plament that twoo thinges specially for this tyme be with diligence provided for, whereby many inconveniences hath ensued and many moo els mought ensue and followe: As where heretofore divers and many psonnes after longe contynuaunces togither in matrimonye, without any allegation of either of the pties or anny other at their manage whie the same matrimony should not be good juste and laufull, and after the same matrimony solemnised and consumate by camall knowlege, and also some tyme fruite of children ensued of the same manage, have nevertheless by an unjuste lawe of the bishop of Rome, whiche is that uppon pretence of a former contracte made and not consumate bT — *^-usopulation, for profe wherof twoo witnes by

that lawe were onelv ien divorsed and separate contrarie to Goddis

lawe, and so 7 bothe solemnised in the face of the Church

and consumate'jwlege and confirmed also with the fruite of children had betw. .-em clerely frustrate and dissolved: Further also by reason of other prohibitions than Goddis lawe admitteth, for their lucre by that courte invented, the dispensation wherof they alwaies reservid to them selfis, as in kynnerede or affinitie betwene cousyn germaynes and so to fourth and fourth degree camall knowlege of anny of the same kynne or affinitie bifore in suche outwarde degrees which elys were laufull and be not prohibited by Goddis lawe, and all bicause they wolde gett monney by it and kepe a reputation to their usurped jurisdiction; whereby not onely muche discorde betwene laufull maried psonnes hath contrarie to Goddis ordenance arrisen, muche debate and sute at the lawe with the wrongefull vexation and greate damage of the innocent partie hath ben procured, and many juste mariages brought in donbte and daunger of undoyng and also many tymes undoone and laufull heires disherited, wherof there had never els but for his vayne glorious usurpation ben moved any suche question, syns fredome in them was geven

Usurped power of the see of Rome heretofore exercised

by dissolution of marriages on pretence of pre-contract;

by dispensations for marriage between cousins, &c.

Evils resulting therefrom.

492

32 Henry VIII. c. 38, 40.

A.D. 1540.

us by Goddis lawe which ought to be most sure & certein, but that notwithstanding manages have been brought into suche an uncertainty thereby that no manage could e be so surely knytt and bounden but it shulde lye in either of the parties power and arbitre, casting away the feare of God, by meanes and compasses to prove a precontracte a kynnerede an alliance or a carnall knowlege to defeate the same, and so undre the pretense of thise allegations afore rehersid to lyve all the daies of their lyves in detestable adultery to thutter destruction of their owne soules and the provocations of the terrible wrath of God uppon the places where suche abominations were suffred and used: Be it therefore enacted by the King our souveraine lorde the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this psent Plament assembled and by

Marriages, contracted by arsons not ^>ited by Jr& law, ^.fSlemnized and 'consummated, shall not be dissolved fdr any pre-contract not consummated.

No marriage without the Levitical degrees shall be impeached.

auctoritie of the same, that from the firste day of the monneth of July next [ensueyng1] in the yere of our Lorde God a thousands fyve hundred and forty, all and e9y suche manages, as within this churche of England shalbe contracted betwene lauful psonnes, as by this Acte wee declare all psonnes to be laufull that be not prohibited by Goddis lawe to mary, suche manages being contracte and solemnised in the face of the Churche and consumate with bodily knowledge or frute of childeme or childe being had therin betwene the parties so maried, shalbe by auctoritie of this present Plament aforesaid demed judged and taken to be lauful good juste and indissoluble, notwithstanding any precontracte or precontract's of matrimony, not consumate with bodily knowlege, whiche either of the psonnes so married or both shalhave made with anny other psonne or psonnes, bifore the tyme of contracting that manage which is solemnised and consumate or wherof suche frute is ensued or maye ensue as afore; and notwithstanding any dispensation prescription lawe or other thinge graunted or confirmed by Acte or otherwise: And that no reservation or prohibition, Goddis lawe, except, shall trouble or impecheanny mariage without the Leviticall degrees; and that no pson of what estate degree or condition soever he or she be shall aftre the (2) first day of the [said5] monneth of July aforesaid be admitted in any of the spuall courtis within this the Kinges realme or anyhis graces other landis and dominions to any proces plea or allegation contrarie to this foresaid Acte.

CHAPTER XL.

The fellowship of physicians in London exempted firom the office of constable, and other offices there.

ConSning Phisicians.

TN moste humble wise shewen unto your Majestie your true and faithefull subjectis and liege men the president of the corporation of the coraminaltie and felowship of the science and facultie of phisicke in your cittie of London and the cdmons and fellowes of the same; that wheras divers of them, manny tymes having in cure aswell some of the lordis of youre most honorable counsaile and divers tymes many of the nobilitie of this realme as many other of your faithfull and liege people, cannot geve their attendaunee to them and other their patientes with suche diligence as their duety were and is to doo, by reason they be many tymes compellid aswell within the citie of London and suburbes of the same as in other townes and villages to kepe watche and warde, and be chosen to thoffice of constable and other offices

1 coming O.

2 said O.

8 O. omits.

A.D. 1540.

32 Henry VIII. c. 40.

493

within the said citie and suburbes of the sam as in other places within this your realme, to their greate fatigation and unquieting and to the pill of their patientes by reason they cannot be conveniently attended; it may therefore pleas your jnoste excellent Majestie with thassent of your lordis spuall and temporall and the comons in this psent Plament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, to enacte ordeyne and stablish that the psident of the said commynaltie and felouship for the tyme being, and the comons and fellowes of the same, and e9y fellowe therof that nowe be or at any tyme herafter shalbe, their successours and the successours of e$y of them, at all tyme and tymes aftre the making of this psent Acte shalbe discharged to kepe any watche or warde in your said cittie of London or the suburbes of the same or any parte therof; and that they nor any of them shalbe chosen constable or any other officer in the said cittie or suburbes: And that if at any tyme herafter the said psident for the tyme being or any of the said comons or fellowes for the tyme being by any waies or meanes be appointed or ellectid to any watche or warde, office of constable or any other office within the said cittie or subburbes [of the same,1] the same appoinctement or ellection to be utterly voide and of none effecte: any ordre custume or lawe to the contrarie bifore this tyme used in the said cittie notwithstanding.

And that it may please your moste roiall Majestie by thauctoritie aforesaid that it may be further enacted ordeynid and established for the comon welth and suertie of your loving subjectis of this your realme in and for thadminis-tration of medecynes to suche of your said subjectis as shalhave neede of the same, that from hensfurth the said president for the tyme being comons and fellowes and their successours may yerely, at suche tyme as they shall thincke moste mete and convenient for the same, electe and chuse foure psons of the said comons and fellowes of the best larned wisest and mooste discrete suche as they shall thincke convenient and have experience in the said facultie of s fisicke; and that the saide foure psonnes so elected and chosen, aftre a corporall othe to them ministred by the said psident or his deputie, shall and may by vertue of this psent Acte have full auctoritie and power, as often as they shall thinke mete and convenient, to entre into the house or houses of all and e9y poticary nowe or any tyme herafter using the mysterie or crafte of a poticary within the said cittie onely to serche viewe and see suche poticary wares druggf and stuffes as the said poticaries or any of them have or at any tyme heraftre shalhave in their house or houses; and all suche wares drugges and stuffes as the said foure psonnes shall then fynde defective corruptid and not mete nor convenient to be mstrid in any medicynes for the helth of mens body the same iiij psonnes, calling to them the warden of the said mystery of poticaries within the said cittie for that tyme being or one of them, shall cause to be brent or otherwise destroye the same as they shall thincke mete by their discretion: And if the said potycaries or anny of them at any tyme heraftre doo obstinately or willinglye refuse or denye the said foure psonnes, yerely elected and chosen as is biforesaid, to entre into their said house or houses for the causes intent and purpose bifore rehersid, that then they and e9y of them so offending contrarie to this Acte for e9y tyme that he or they doo so offende to forfaict an C s. thone half to your Majestie and thother half

n.

Four of the said fellowship shall be chosen to examine the drugs sold by apothecaries, &c.

Penalty on apothecaries resisting, 100s .;

1 0. omits.

on such physicians for neglect, 40 s.

HI.

Physicians may practise physic in all branches.

Statutes for maintenance of archery, viz.

to him that will sue for the same by action of dett bill playnt or information in anny of the Kinges courtis wherin no wager of la we essoyne or protection shalbe allowed: And if the saide foure psonnes or anny of them so elected and chosen as bifore is said, doo refuse to be sworne, or aftre his saide othe to him or them adminisfcred doo obstinately refuse to make the said serche and viewe ones in the yere at suche tyme as they shall thincke moste convenient by their discretions, having no laufull impedyment by secknes or otherwise to the contrarie, that then for everie suche wilfull and obstinate defaulte e$y of the said foure psonnes making defaulte to forfaicte xl s.

And forasmuche as the science of phisicke dothe comprehend include and conteyne the knowlege of surgery as a speciall membre and parte of the same, therefore be it enacted that anny of the said companny or felawiship of phisitions, being hable chosen and admitted by the said psident and feliship of phisicians, may from tyme to tyme aswell within the citie of London as elswhere within this realme practise and exercise the said science of phisick in all and e9y his membres and partes, any Acte statute or provision made to the contrarie notwithstanding.

33 HENRY VIII. A.D. 1541-2.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Sixteenth Day of Januaby, In the THIRTY-THIRD Year of K. HENRY, VIII.

<£jr Rotttlo ^arlfammtt be 3tmo rejjrn 20trgfef&mriri $rtabi, Cricegtmo tntto. Ii

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for Maynten«nce of Artyllarie and debarringe of unlauful Games. PI

H

"lyT'OSTE humbly complayninge shewe unto your Highnes your dayly JXL orators the [bowers2] fletchers stringers and arrowehedmakers of this your realme, that where for the advauncement and mayntenance of archerie the better to be maynteyned and had within the same, and for the avoydinge

f It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 3. p. 826.), that all the printed editions contain thirty-nine Acts of this session, but that only twenty-two of these are on the roll, and that the remaining seventeen are printed in the Statutes of the Realm from the original Acts preserved in the Parliament Office. It also appears that in all the printed editions the numbers of the several chapters that are on the roll, (which numbers are adopted in the Statutes of the Realm,) disagree with those on the roll, except as to chapter l.j[

P Rep. as to so much whereby any game of mere skill, such as bowling, coyting, cloyshcayls, half bowl, tennis, or the like, is declared an unlawful game, or which

enacts any penalty for playing at any such game of skill as aforesaid,.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 109. s. l.J

1 To the Kyng o* soveraigne lorde. 2 bowyers O.

33 Henry VIII. c. 9.

495

of di9se and many unlaufull games and playes occupied and practised within this realme to the great hurte and lett of shotinge and archerie, di9se good and laufull statut? have bene devised enacted and made, amongest whiche one was made in a Parliament holden at Westm in the thirde yere of your moste gracious raigne, and the same Acte made ppetuall in the Parliament there holden in the sixte yere of your saide raigne; the whiche good and laudable Acte notwithstandinge di9se and many subtill & inventatyve and craftye psons, intendinge to defraude the same estatut?, sithence the makings thereof have founde and dayly fynde many and sondrie newe and crafty games and playes, as logatinge in the feildf, slydethrifte otherwise called shovegrote, aswell within the cittie of London as els where in many other and divers part? of this realme, kepinge houses playes and allyes for the maynte-nance thereof, by reason whereof archerie ys sore decayed and dayly is lyke to be more mynished, and di9se [ bowersl] and fletchers for lacke of worke gone and inhabyte them selves in Scotlande and other places out of this realme, there workings and teachinge their science, to the puyssaunce of the same to the greats comforte of estraungers and detryment of this realme: And where also your Graces subject? bowyers fletchers and [others2] artifyeers afore named from tyme to tyme resorte repayre and come out of all plac? of this your realme unto the cittie of London for lacke of livinge, and doe inhabite nygh the same cittie or in the suburbes of the same cittie and in the street? and lanes of the same cittie, beinge no fremen of the same cittie nor bearinge nother fccott lott nor other chardg? within your saide cittie as other citizens and fremen of the same cittie doe and are bounds to doe and by their othes are swome to doe, and whiche cittizens and fremen of your saide cittie of the mysteries and craft? before rehersed whiche have bene brought upp as prentices from their youthe dwellings within the freedoms of your saide cittie of London, are alwayes in readynes to fumyshe your Graces affayres when they shalbe comaunded; by reason of the whiche resortinge and aboade of suche forrens and straungers of the mysteries and craft? before rehersed in the suburbes street? and lanes of the sam cittie, other citties townes villag? and plac? within this realme remayne and be imfurnyshed of artyficers and craft? men before rehersed, to the great decaye of the archerie of this realme; and [forasmuche ^ as it appeareth by the preamble of the saide estatute enacted in the saide thirde yere, whiche was established and made ppetuall in the foresaide syxte yere of your most gracious raigne, that your Highnes callinge to your most noble and gracious remembraunce that, by the [feare4] and excise of the subject? of this your realme in shotinge in longe bowes, there hathe contynually growen and bene within the same great nomber and multytude of good archers, whiche hathe not only defended this realme and the subject? thereof agaynste the cruell malice and daunger of their [utter5] enemyes in tyme heretofore paste, but also withe little nomber and puyssaunce in regarde have done many notable act? and discomfitures of warre agaynst the infidels and others, and furthermore subdued and reduced di9se and [many ] regions and countries to their due obeysaunce, to the great honor fame and suertie of this realme and subject?, and to the terrible dread and feare of all straunge

1 bowyers O. 2 other O. 3forsomoche O. 4feate O.

5 owtward O. 6 O. omits. — many St. 3. H. VIH. c. 3.

3 Hen. YHI. c. 3. made perpetual by 6 Hen. VIII. c. 2.

Unlawful games invented;

evils thereof, in decrease of archeiy, 8cc.

Bowyers, 8cc. not freemen of London coifte to reside there;

recital of the preamble of Stat 3 Hen. VIH. o. 3.

496

33 Henry VIII. c. 9.

A.D. 1541-2.

vrn.

None shall keep houses fop unlawful games; penalty 40 s. per day;

for frequenting them 6 8. 8 d.

Licences for such houses, and security by the party licensed.

IX. Magistrates may enter gaming houses, and arrest the keepers and parties playings and take security for their good behaviour.

nacyons any thinge to attempte or do© to the hurte or damage of them, (l) yet nevertheles archerie and shotinge in longe bowes was little used, but dayly did mynishe decaye and abate more and more, for that mnche parte of the coialtye and poore people of this realme, wherby of olde tyme the great nomber and substaunce of archers hathe growen and multiplyed, were not of .power or abylitie to buy them longe bowes of ewe to excise shotinge in the same and to susteyne the contynuall chardge thereof, and also by meanee and occacon of customable usage of tennys playe bowles cloyshe and other unlau-full games, ghibited by manye good and beneficiall estatut? by auctoritie of Parliament in that behalfe gvided and made, great ympoverishment hathe ensued, and manye haynous murders robberies and fellonyes were comytted and done, and also the devyne service [of God2] by suche misdoera [&8] holye and festyvall dayes [nor4] heard or solempnized, to the highe displeasure of Almyghtie God; as by the foresayde preamble more playnely

maye appear©:.....

Be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that noe manner of pson of what degree qualy tie or condiam soever he or they be, from the feast of the Nativitye of S* John Baptist now next comynge, by himselfe factor deputye servaunte or other pson, shall for his or their gayne lucre or lyvinge, kepe have houlde occupie excise or maynteyne any comon house alley or place of bowlinge coy tinge cloyshe cayles half© bowle tennys dyeing table or cardinge, or any other manner of game ghibite by anye estatute heretofore made, or any unlaufull newe game no we invented or made, or any other unlaufull newe game hereafter to be invented founde had or made, upon payne to forfeyt and paye for everie daye kepinge havinge or mayntayninge, or sufferinge any suche game to be had kepte executed playde or maynteyned, within anye suche house garden alley or other place contone to the fourme and effect© of this estatute fourtie shilling?; and also everie pson usinge and hauntinge any of the saide houses and places and there playenge, to forfeyt for everie tyme so doinge vj s. viij d. And yf any pson hereafter sue for any placarde to have cdmon gamynge in his house contPrie to this estatute, that then it shalbe conteyned in the same placarde what game shalbe used in the same house and what psons shall playe thereat, and everie placarde graunted to the cont*rie to be voyde, and also that the partye obteyninge any suche placarde before he put the same in execucon shalbe bounde withe sufficient suertyes withe him by recognizaunce in the Chauncerie in a Sten some to be appoynted by the discrecon of the lorde chauncelor of Englande that he shall not use the saide placarde contrie to the fourme thereof.

Be it farther enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shalbe lawfull to all and everie the justices of peace in everie shier, maiors sheriff? bayliff? and other head officers within everie dttie towne and boroughe within this realme, from tyme to tyme aswell within lifttyes as without as nede and case shall requyre, to come enter and resort© into all and everie houses places and allies where suche games shalbe suspected to be houlden used excised or occupied contarie to the fourme of this estatute, and as well the kepers of the same as also the psons there hauntinge resorting© and playinge to take arrest and

A.D. 1541-2.

33 Henry VIII. c. 9.

497

I

yinprison, and them so taken and arrested to keep in prison, unto such tyme as the kepers and maynteyners of the saide playes and games have founde suerties to the Kinges use to be bounde by recognizaunce or otherwise no longer to use kepe or occupye any suche house playe game alley or place: .And also that psons there so founde be in like case bounden, by themselfes or els withe suerties by the discrec5ns of the justices mayors sheriefff baylifff or other head officers, no more to playe haunte or excise from thenceforthe in at or to anye of the saide places or at anye of the saide games.


Be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that noe manner of artyficer e XI. or craflf man of any handy crafte or occupation, husbandman apprentice seivantaghall laborer £vante at husbandrye jorneyman or § vaunt e of artyficer marriners not play at fysshermen watermen* or any Ivyngman, shall from the saide feast of the out of arrisT' Natyvitie of Sainte John Baptiste playe at the tables tennys dyce cardes &c-bowles clashe coy tinge logatinge, or any other unlawfull game, out of ^dens" Christmas, under (1) peyne of twentye shillingf to be forfeyt for everie tyme, and in Christmas to playe at anye of the saide games in their maisters houses or in their maisters psence: And also that noe manner of pson shall at any tyme playe at any bowle or bowles in open placf out of his garden or orcharde, under the peyne for eyerie tyme so offendinge to forfeyt vj s. viij d: And that justices of all justice of peace mayors baylifff sheriefff and all other hed officers and ^ommit everie of them, fyndinge or knowinge any manner pson or psons usinge or offenders, excisinge any unlaufull games contone to this psent estatute, shall have full power and auctoritie to cdmytt everie such offendor to warde, there to remayne without bayle or mayneprise untill suche tyme that they so offendinge be bounden by obligation to the Kingf use, in such somes of money as by the discrecons of the saide [maior justice2] baylifff or other head offycers shalbe thought reasonable, that they or any of them shall not from henceforthe use suche unlaufull games.

Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all other statute made xn. for the restraynt of unlaufull games or for the mayntenance of artillerie, as touchinge the penaltyes or forfeytures of the same, shalbe from hensforthe repealed: utterlye voyde; and [for *] all informations pleynte actions or suyte that shalbe Limitation of taken or sued uppon anye parte of this estatute shalbe comenced within the Bmt*> one year* yere after the offence comytted and done, or otherwise no advantage or suyte thereof to be taken; and where any suche forfeytures shall happen to be founde within the pcincte of anye fraunchise leete or lawe daye, then the lorde Application of of the same fraunchese leete or lawedaye to have the one moytie thereof, and penaltie8* thother moytie thereof to anye of the Kingf subjectf that will sue for the same in anye of the Kingf courtf by accon information bill or otherwise, in whiche accon or suyte the defendaunte shall not be admitted to wage his lawe nor any pteccon nor essoyne shalbe allowed; and where suche forfeyture shalbe founden out of the precincte of any franchise leete or lawe daye, that the moytie of all suche forfeytures shalbe to the Kinge our soveraigne lorde and thother moytie thereof to any of the Kingf subjectf that will sue for the same by bill playnte accon information or otherwise in anye of the Kingf courtf, in whiche suyte or accon the defendaunte shall not be admytted to wage his lawe nor any pteccon or essoyne shalbe allowed.

3 y* O.

11

O.

1 justicf maires O.

498

33 Henby VIII. a 9, 12.

A.D. 1541-2.

YTTT. Proclamation of Act every quarter, &c.

[Commencement of Act.]

And to thintent that everie gson maye have knowledge of this Acte and avoyde the daunger and penaltyes of the same, be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that all mayors baylifff sherifff and other head officers shall fower tymes in the yere, that ys to saye once everie quarter, make open pclamacon of this psent Acte in everie markett to be houlden wtbin their se9all jurisdiccona and auctorities, and also that the justice of gaole delyverie assises and justice of peace do cause the same to bepelaymed in their se9all circuytf and sessions before them houlden: And that this estatute shall begynne to take his effecte conSnynge the penaltyes of the same from the saide feast of Sainct John Baptiste nowe next edmynge and to contynue and endure for ever.


Failure of trial of offences committed within the King's court, by removal of the court;

All treasons, murders, and malicious bloodsheds, committed in any palace or .residence of the King, shall be tried before officers of the King's household, by virtue of their offices, without any commission, &c. by a jury of the household.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for Murther and malicious Bloudshed within the Courte.

VI7 HE ARE treasons mysprisions of treasons murders manslaughters and other malicious striking^ by reason whereof bloude ys or shalbe shedd agaynste the Kinges peace, bene often and many tymes done and comytted within the lymittf of the Kinges palace or house, or other house or houses where and when his Majestie is there demurrant and abidinge in his owne moste royall pson, whiche offences when they be done be best knowne by his Highnes officers and ministers of his most honorable householde and by his Majesties 8v«ntes of the chequer rolle; and yf his Majestie shall happen to remove from suche his pallace or house or other house or houses where suche offences were done, before the triall [or* l] determynacon thereof, then suche offences mought not laufullye be tried heard and determyned by and before the saide officers, but be remytted to be tried and determyned by the ordre of the c5mon lawes of this realme; by reason whereof the punyshment of the said offendors in suche cases hathe bene longe delayed and somtyme their offences forgotten and not remembred and soe escape unpunyshed: Be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our soveraigne lorde withe thassent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that all treasons mysprisions of treasons murders manslaughters bloudsheddf and (2) malicious striking^ by reason whereof bloude ys or shalbe shedd agaynste the Kingf peace, whiche hathe byne done since the feast of All Sainctf laste paste or hereafter shalbe done within anye the pallaces or houses of his Highnes or his heires, or any other house or houses at such tyme as his Majestie hathe bene since the saide feast of All Sainctf or hereafter shall happen to be then demurrant or abydinge in his royall pson, shalbe from henceforthe enquired of tryed heard and determyned within any the Kingf pallaces or houses or other house or houses [whereof8] his Majestie or his heires shall hereafter repayre unto or be abydinge, in manner and fourme followinge; that is to saye, before the lorde greate maister or lorde stewards for the tyme beinge of the Kinges moste honorable householde and of his heires and successors, and in the absence

|a Rep. as to so much as relates to the punishment of manslaughter and of malicious striking, by reason whereof blood shall be shed, 9 Geo. 4. c. 31. s. l.J

1 and O. a other O. 3 where O.

t

A.D. 1541-2.

33 Henry VIII. c. 12.

499

of the saide lorde great maister or lorde steward© of the householde before the treasorei and comptroller for the tyme beinge of the King? most honorable householde and of his heires and successors, and stewarde of the Marshalsey for the tyme beinge, or twoe of them wherof the stewarde of the Marshalsey for the tyme beinge to be one, by vertue of their offices without any comission or other aucthoritie or power other then by thauctoritie of this psent Acte to be geven unto them or anye of them; whiche stewarde of the Marshalsey shalbe forever from tyme to tyme assigned and appoynted bye writinge under the seale of the saide lorde great maister or lorde stewarde for the tyme beinge; and whether the Kinges Majestie or his heires hathe or at any tyme hereafter shalbe removed from the pallace house or houses where suche offences were or shalbe done or not removed, before they be enquired of tried heard and determyned, yet suche offences shall by thauctoritie of this Acte alwayes from hensforth be enquired of tried heard and determyned before the King? Majesties and his heires officers & ministers of householde before named, or two of them as ys abovesaide, [be1] the inquisicon and verdicte of his Highnes and his heires householde 8vantes in his and their chequer rolle, in manner and fourme as before & hereafter ys expssed in this psent Acte, and at suche pallace house and houses where his Majestie or his heires shalbe at anye tyme hereafter demurrant or abydinge; and that all suche retornes of pees, and all execucons and judgment? conSninge the pmisses shalbe had and done by the officers before & hereafter expssed and in manner and fourme as before and hereafter in this psent Acte ys conteyned: And that All inquests on all inquisicons upon the viewe of psons slayne or hereafter to be slayne within any the King? saide pallaces or houses or other house or houses aforesaide, coart shall be shalbe by auctoritie of this Acte had and taken hereafter for ever by the ^oHhe coroner for the tyme beinge of the householde of our soveraigne lorde the household. Kinge or his heires, without any adjoyninge or assisting of an other coroner of any shire within this realme, by the othe of twelve or more of the yeomen officers of the Kinges and his heires most honorable houshold, retomed by the two derkes comptrollers the clerkes of the cheque and the dark? marshall? or one of them for the tyme beinge of the saide housholde, to whom the saide coroner of the same houshoulde shall directe his pcepte; whiche coroner of our saide soveraigne lorde the King? houshoulde shalbe from tyme to tyme named appoynted and assigned by the saide lorde greate maister or lorde stewarde for the tyme beinge; and that the'saide coroner of the saide housholde shall from tyme to tyme for ever without delaye Styfie, under his seale and the seales of suche psons as shalbe swome before him, all suche inquisicons indictment? and offices uppon the viewe of all dead bodyes beinge slayne at any tyme syth the feast of All Sainet? aforesaide or whiche hereafter shalbe slayne within any the Kinges saide pallaces or houses or other house or houses aforesaide, before the saide lorde greate maister or lorde stewarde, and in his absence before the treasorer comptroller and stewarde of the Marshalsey aforesaide or before two of them whereof the saide stewarde of the Marshalsey to be one; and that suche inquisicons and offices soe Styfied shalbe demed judged & taken forever as good and effectuall in the lawe to all intent? construccons and purposes, as any inquisicon taken upon the viewe of the

1 by O.

II 2

500

33 Henry VIII. c. 12.

A.D. 1541-2.

n.

How juries of the King's household shall be summoned, for finding and trial of indictments for offences committed within the court

body of any pson beinge dead by any coroner of anye countye of this realme hathe bene or shalbe adjudged or taken.

And be it farther enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the saide two clarkes comptrollers clarkf of the checque and darkes marshalles for the tyme beinge of the Kinges saide houshoulde and of his heires, or one of them forever, upon a pcepte to them or to any of them hereafter to be made by the saide lorde great maister or lorde stewarde, or in the absence of the saide lorde great maister or lorde stewarde, by the said treasorer and comptroller of the Kinges most honorable houshoulde and the saide stewarde of the Marshalsey, or by two of them whereof the saide stewarde of the Mershalsey to be one, shall have full power to sumon wame and retome the names of xxiiij psons being yeomen officers of the Kingf saide households and of his heires, [and*] in the saide chequer rolle, to enquyre of suche treasons mysprisions of treasons murders manslaughters and other malicious strikinges by reason whereof bloude ys or shalbe shed against the Kinges peace, before the saide lorde great maister or lorde stewarde, and in his absence before the saide treasorer comptroller and stewarde of the Marshalsey, or before two of them at the least whereof the stewarde to be one; and that it shalbe laufull to the saide lorde great maister or lorde stewarde, and in his absence to the saide treasorer comptroller and the saide stewarde aforesaide or two of them wherof the saide stewarde to be one, before whom suche retomes shalbe soe made as ys aforesaide, to cause suche nomber of the saide xxiiij psons soe retomed, [uppon * 8] the nomber of twelve psons as to him or them shall seme expedient, to enquyre of suche treasons mysprisions of treasons murders manslaughters and other malicious striking^ by reason whereof bloude ys or shalbe shed againste the Kingf peace, within the saide pallaces or houses or other the saide house or houses, ( 8 ) sithe the saide feast of All Sainctes or at any tyme hereafter shalbe comytted or done within the saide [pallaces or house4] or other the saide house or houses: And yf anye pson or psons be indicted by the saide jurie so swome before them as ys aforesaide, or by inquisicon before the said coroner of the saide housholde, and Styfied before the saide lorde great maister or lorde stewarde or in the absence of the saide lorde great maister or lorde stewarde before the saide treasorer comptroller and stewarde or before two of them wherof the saide stewarde to be one as ys aforesaide, that then ymediatlye without delaye the saide lorde great maister or lorde stewarde, and in his absence the saide treasorer comptroller and stewarde or two of them whereof the saide stewarde to be one, before whom the saide psentment inquisicon or indictment shall be so founde or Stifled by the said coroner of the same houshoulde, shall arrayne before them all and everie suche pson and psons so indicted accordinge to the course of the comon lawe of this realme, and forthwithe after yssue joyned betwene the Kinge our soveraigne lorde his heires [and ] successors and the prisoner so arraigned the same daye and place, or any other daye and place at the pleasure of the saide lorde great maister ( 5 ) lorde stewarde and in his absence at the pleasure of the saide treasorer comptroller & stewarde of the Mershalsey or two of them as ys aforesaide, shall make another pcepte to the said dark?

lO. omits. 2 above O.

8 * which9 appears wanting in the original, and on the inrollment

4 palace or houses O.» 6 or O.

A.D. 1541-2.

33 Henry VIII. c. 12.

501

comptrollers clarkf of the cheke and darkes marshalles for the tyme beinge

of the saide housholde or to one of them, to sumon and retome one other

jurye of xxiiij psons to appeare before the saide lorde great maister or lorde

stewarde, and in his absence before the saide treasorer comptroller and

stewarde of the Marshalsey or before two of them whereof the same stewards

to be one, at suche daye tyme and place and upon suche payne as shalbe

then lymitted and appoynted, of the §vantes and gentlemen officers of the

Kingf chamber his heires and successors and of the saide houshoulde whiche

nowe take or hereafter shall take wages by the Kingf cheker rolle; and that

the saide lorde graunde maister or lorde stewarde yf he be there psent, or in

his absence the saide treasorer comptroller and stewarde of the saide Marshalsey

or two of them whereof the same stewarde to be one, before whom suche jurie

shalbe so retomed, shall cause twelve of the same jurie to be sworne, without

any manner of chalenge to be had or allowed for any manner of cause to any

of the saide jurie (mallice onely excepted), trulye [to be tried2] betwene our

saide soveraigne lorde the Kinge and his heires, and suche pson and psons as

shalbe so indicted and arrayned of suche treasons mysprisions of treasons

murders manslaughters and other malicious striking^ by reason whereof

bloude is or shalbe shedd agaynste the Kingf peace or of any of them; and if On conviction

anye suche pson so indicted or arrayned be founde giltye of any treason

mysprision of treason murders or manslaughters, that then all and everie treason or

suche pson and psons so founde giltye shall have judgment of lyef and member

and suffer suche paynes of deathe, and shall forfeyt all their mannors landes * at common

tentf goodes and cattellf, in like manner and fourme as yf the same pson and

psons had bene founde guiltie of any the saide offences by thorder of the

comon lawes of this realrae, without allowinge to anye suche pson or psons so

founde guiltie of anye of the same offence the benefitt of his or their clergie

or privilege of any sanctuarie............................................ / ....


And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf any pson or IV. psons so indicted of treason mysprision of treason murder manslaughter or other malicious strikinge by reason whereof bloude is hathe bene or shalbe or shed againste the Kingf peace as ys aforesaide, and thereof be arraigned, and SS? fc? mttte' obstinatlye refuse to answere directly to the same offences whereof he or they convicted, be so indicted, or if suche pson or psons so indicted and arraigned stande muett and will not speake, then suche pson and psons so refiisinge to answere or standinge muett shalbe eonvicte judged and demed guyltie of the thinge whereof he or they ys or shalbe so indicted [or *] arraigned, and shall have judgment to have like paynes of death, and other paynes punyshmentf' execucons forfeytures losses and seisures of landes tentf goodf and catalles for the same as he or they oughte or shoulde have had for suche like offences,

[as *] yf he or they were or sholde be founde guyltie thereof by the verdicte of twelve men.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the saide clerkes V. comptrollers clerkes of the checque and darkes marshall or one of them for the tyme beinge shall from tyme to tyme name assigne and appoynte a criar, to coart.

502

33 Henry VIII. c. 12.

A.D. 1541-2.

VL

Proviso for noblemen, &c. correcting their servants, or the King's officers, &c.

VII. Trial of peers.

vin.

Proviso for jurisdiction of the Marshalsea Court within the verge.

IX. Appointment of coroner of the household.

X.

Limits and bounds of the King's house, Ac. within which offences shall be

punished under this Act

make gclamacons and to call the juries and to doe other things as becometh a criar of a courte to doe belonginge to that office.

Provided alwaye and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that this Acte before rehersed conSninge malicious strikinges by reason whereof blonde ys hathe bene or shalbe shedd againste the King? peace, ne the peynes and forfey tures before rehersed for the punyshment of the same, shall not in anywise extende or be pjudiciall or hurtfull to any noble man, ne to any other pson or psons, that shall happen to strike his or their Svantes within the saide pallaces or house or any other house or houses aforesaide or within the lemyttf of the same, withe his or their handes or fystes or withe anye small staffe or sticke, for correction and punyshment for anye offenc? cdmytted and done or to be cdmytted and done, ne to anye of the King? officers or 3vant? that shall strike anye pson within the same pallace or house or any other house or houses aforesaide, althoughe by reason of the saide stroke or strokes there happened to be any bloudshed of suche pson as shall soe be striken, excepte the [same*] pson soe striken doe dye of the same stroke within one yere next after the same stroke gyven.

Provided also and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the triall of peeres of this realme for cdmyttinge or doinge any offences in this Acte before mencoed shalbe as it hath bene used in tymes past; any thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contarie notwithstandinge.

Provided also that the libertie and jurisdiction of the Marshalsey Courte and circuyte of the virge shalbe in all poynt? privileges and authorities used, by the ministers and officers of the same, in as full and ample manner as it hathe bene heretofore laufullye used, for murders felonies offences and all trespasses contract? and other suytes whatsoever they be; any thinge in this Acte to the contorie notwithstandinge.

And for asmuche as before this tyme one Richarde Staverton of Lincolnes Inn gentleman was cdmaunded and appoynted by the King? Majestic to occupie the office of the coroner of his saide house, by force whereof he hathe contynued officer in the same by the space of sixtene yeres or more; be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the saide Richarde Staverton shall have occupie and enjoye the saide office of coroner during his lief, together withe all suche pfittf and comodi ties as before this tyme hathe bene due and apperteyning in anywise to the same: And after his deceasse the saide coroner alwayes to be made assigned & appoynted by the saide lorde great maister or lorde stewarde for the tyme beinge.

And for that hereafter it myght be doubted howe farre the lymitt? and boundes of the saide house or houses shold extende or be taken, within whiche lymitt? or bound? any the saide offences whiche have bene cdmytted or done sithe the feast of All Saint? or hereafter shalbe cdmytted or done, for the whiche all and everie pson and psons so offendinge shoulde have and suffer the peynes penaltyes and forfeytures as ys aforesaide; for playne declaration thereof and for the avoydinge all doubtes and questions whiche may hereafter happen to arise of for or uppon the same, be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the lymitt? and bound? of the saide house and houses, w*in whiche anye thoffenc? aforesaide nowe cdmytted or done sith the saide feast

A.D. 1541-2.

33 Henby VIII. c. 12.

503

of All Sainctf or hereafter to be comytted or done shall be punyshed as ys aforesaide, shall extende and be taken within these places ensuynge and in none other; that ys to saye, (x) within any edifices courtf places gardens [or *] orchardes or houses within the [portess] warde of any of the house or houses above rehersed, or within any gardens privie walkes orchardf tilt-yardes woodyardf tenys playes cockfight^ bowlinge alleyes nere adjoyninge to any of the houses above rehersed, and beinge parte of the same or within two hundred footes of the standard of any outwarde gate or gates of anye of the houses above rehersed, comonly used for passage out or from any the house or houses above rehersed.

Provided always that this Acte shall not take effects or be putt in execucon till from and after the firste daye of Male next ensuinge, excepte onlie for murders and manslaughters, for the whiche offences of murder & manslaughter the same to take effecte from the feast of All Saincfcf lasts paste, accordinge to the tenor and effecte of the saide Acte.

(1 4) Provided alwaye and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte before rehersed conSninge malicious strikinges by reason whereof bloude ys hathe bene or shalbe shed againste the Kingf peace, ne the peynes & forfeytures before rehersed for the punyshment of the same, shall not in any wise extende or be pjudiciall or hurtfull to any noble man, ne to any other pson or psons, that shall happen to strike his or their §v*nt£, within the saide pallaces or house or anye other house or houses place or places aforesaide or within the lymittf of the same, withe his or their handes or fistes or withe anye small staffe or sticke, for correction and punyshment for anye offences comytted and done or to be comytted and done; ne to anye of the Kingf officer or officers that in executinge of his or their office shall strike any pson or psons withe his or their handf or fistes, or withe anye small staffe or sticke or withe anye staffe comonlye called a tipp staffe within the same pallace or house or any other pallaces or houses or places aforesaide; ne to any other pson or psons that in doinge §vice, at any triumphe or any other tyme of §vice by the Kingf cdmaundment or of anye his Graces counsell or other his Graces head officers, shall happen for their executinge of their saide service to strike anye pson or psons, withe his or their handes or fistes or withe any small staffe or sticke or withe any staffe comonly called a typ staffe, within the same pallace or house or anye other pallaces or houses or place or places aforesaide; although by reason of the same stroke or stroke there happen to be anye bloudshed of suche pson as shalbe so striken; excepte the pson so striken doe dye of the same stroke within one yere next after the stroke so given.

And also be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye pson or psons shall, from the firste daye of Aprill next comynge, steale or felonyously take awaye any plate jewellf or other goods of our saide soveraigne lords the Kings his heires or successors Kingf, of the value of twelve pence

1 Three lines and a half of the description of the apartments within the King's

house are here struck through in the original Act.

1 O. omits. 3 porters O.

4 The two following provisoes are annexed to the original Act in two separate schedules.

33. Commencement of this Act.

XIL Proviso for noblemen, &c. correcting their servants, and for the King's officers in execution of their duty.

[See ante §VI.]

XIIL Stealing the King's goods above 12 d. or entering his house to steal,

504

33 Henry YIII. c. 12, 20.

A.D. 1541-2.

declared felony; triable by a jury of the country before the steward of the Marshalsea,

III. Persons attainted becoming lunatic shall suffer execution.

Attainders at common law declared of equal force as attainders by Parliament, and the King shall have all forfeitures thereon, without office found.

IV.

General saying for title of strangers.

or above, or breake or enter into any the Kinges houses to thintent to steale any the King? goodes his heires or successors King?, thoughe his Majestie be absent, or any other house while it shall fortune the same his Majestie to be lodged or abydinge therein, e9y suche offence to be demed felonye, and the pson or psons so offendinge their abbettours pcurors counsellors and receptors thereof laufully convicted to suffer like penaltyes forfeitures (*) paynes of death as apperteyneth to felons, without havinge the benefytt of their deigie or sanctuarie; and everie suche offendor, beinge apphended w^in the verge of the Kinges house, to be arraigned and tried by men of the countrie, as other offendours, for offences done within the verge before the stewards of the saide Marshalsey and other unto him associated, are to be arraigned and tried within the same precyncte.

CHAPTER XX.(»)

An Acte for due Pees to be had in Highe Treason in Cases of Lunacye or

Madnes.

And be it further enacted by auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that yf any pson or psons shall happen to be attainted and convicted of highe treason, by auctoritie of Parliament or by the due course of the c5mon lawes or statut? of this realme, and afterward? fall to madness or lunacye, that yet nevertheless they shall have and suffer execucon, their madnes or lunacye notwithstandinge: {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.J And that yf any pson or psons shalbe attaynted of highe treason by the course of the edmon lawes or statute of this realme, that in everie suche case everie suche attaynder by the comon lawe shalbe of as good strenghe value force and effecte as yf it had bene done by auctoritie of Parliament; and that the Kinges Majestie his heires and successours shall have as muche benefitt and advantage by suche ataynder, aswell of uses right? entries condicons as possessions reVsions remaynders and all other thing?, as if it had bene done and declared by auctoritie of Parliament, and shalbe demed and adjudged in actuall and reall possessions of the landes tent? hereditament? uses good? cattell? and all other thing? of the offendor? so attaynted, whiche his Highnes ought laufully to have, and whiche they so beinge attaynted ought or mought laufully lose and forfeyte, if the attaynder had bene done by auctoritie of Parliament, without any office or inquisicon to be founde of the same; anye lawe statute or use of this realme to the cont*rie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Savings to all and everie pson and psons and bodyes polityke and their heires assignes and successours and e9y of them, other then suche pson and psons whiche hereafter shalbe attaynted of highe treason and their heires & assignes and everie of them, and all and everie other pson and psons claymynge by them or any of them or to their uses or to the uses of any of them after the saide treasons comytted, all suche right title use possession entree regions remaynders interest? condicons fees offices rent? annuyties * 1

1 and O.

1 The original of this Act is preserved at the Parliament Office in the bundle of the 37th year of this reign, and entered in the Calendar of that year; together with the Act for the attainder of Catharine Howard, chap. XXI. of this year; and the commission for passing both these Acts; to all which the great seal is affixed.

A.D. 1541-2.

33 Henry VIII. c. 20, 21.

505

comons leases, and all other comodities pfittf and hereditamentf whatsoever they or any of theym shoulde myght or ought to have had, yf this Acte had never bene had ne made.

CHAPTER XXL (*)

The Bill of Atteynder of Mestres Katherin Hawarde late Quene of England, and divers other psonnes her complices.

TN theyre moste humble wyse besechen your most royall Mate the lordes spual and temporal and all other your moste loving and obedient subjiectf the comons of this your moste Highe Courte of Parliament assembled;

And fourthlie, forasmuche as thies forsaide most abhomynable and detestable III.

high treasons have so muche touched the pill of your moste royall psone, the be

daungier and trouble of this your hole realme, and in respect thereof it were given to this requysite that condigne punysshement shulde be had and spedelie provyded for the rest of theym whiche yet have not sufferyd, and not to be delayed nor [ And see $V.] protracted to thende or prorogachn of this pnt Parliament, whiche is most chieflie called and somdned for other general causes and matieres for the wealthe of this realme, therfore youre moste humble and obedient subjectf the lordf spuall and tempal and comons in this pnt Parliament assembled moste humblie beseche your most royall Mate, that when they with oon assent be agreed and accordyd uppon this Acte, for that it shulde not be requysite to trouble your Ma* for accesse in yc^ most royall psone to thuppre House to assent to the same, nor convenient that your Ma4 royall assent shulde be protracted to thende or prorogation of this Pliament, that then it maye please your Ma*, for exemple of speadie punysshement of suche detestable and abhomynable treasons, to graunte youre moste royall assente to the saide Acte by your Ires patentf to be signed with your most gracyous hande and to be putt undre your greate seall of England, and so to be notyfied and publisshed in the higher House to the lord? spuall and temporall and your comons in this Parliament there to be assembled for that pourpose, and after that to be and stonde as a pfect Acte and to be putt in due execution accordinglie with convenyent spede.

And ensuing the forsaide peticxin concerning the King? royall assent, to be v. doon and had by the King? Ires patentes to be assigned with the Kingf hand and sealed with his greate seall as is aforesaide, and to avoyde all doutes and declared valid ambiguitees herafter towching the same; be it declared by aucthoryte of this pnt Parliament, that the Kingf royall assent by his ires patentf undre his others, greate seall, and assigned with his hande, and declared and notyfied in his absence to the lordf spual and temporall and the comons assembled together in the [high *] Hons, is and ever was of as good strength and force as though the Kingf psone had been there psonally pnt and had assentyd openlye and 1

1 From the original Act in the Parliament Office in the bundle of the thirty-seventh year of this reign. See the note at the beginning of this year; and note to chapter XX. * higher § ILL ante.

506

33 Henry VIII. c. 21, 24, 27.

A.D. 1541-2.

v.

Clerk of assise shall not be counsel for any person in his circuit.

Penalty, £10.

VI. Proviso for justices, justice clerks, and clerks in Lancaster.

Assent by the minority of corporations to grants, &c. sufficient at common law.

publykely to the same: And be it allso enacted that this royall assent and all other royall assent f herafter to be so gyven by the King? of this realm© and notyfied as is aforsaide, shalbe taken and reputyd good and effectuall to all intentf and [and1] pourposes, without doubte or ambiguite; any custome or use to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte that noe Man shalbe Justice of Assise in his owne Countrie.

( 1 2 3) Provided alwaye and be it enacted that anye darke of assise, during© the onlye tyme of the session of or for any assise or assises or of or for any nisi prius, shall not be of counsell withe anye pson or psons, within any circuyte whereof he shalbe clerke of assise, otherwise [then 8] to that office only apperteyneth; upon payne to forfeyt for everie tyme offendinge cont*rie to this estatute tenne poundthe one moytie thereof to be to the Kinge our soveraigne lorde and thother moytie (4) the partie greived, to be sued in any of the Kingf courtf of recorde by accon of debte bill playnte informaoon or otherwise in whiche suyte noe essoyne gteccon wager of lawe or other delatorie plea shalbe admyted or allowed.

Provided also and be it enacted by the auctoritie abovesaide that this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned extend not to the justices [justice clarke 5] or clarkf of assise within our soveraigne lorde the Kingf duchye & countie palantyne of Lancaster, nor to any of them that now be or hereafter shalbe; but that the same justice justice clarkf and clarke and everie of them shall and maye execute their office and everie of them in suche manner and forme as they or any of them have used to doe before the makinge of this psent Acte; this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned to the cont*rie thereof notwithstandinga

CHAPTER XXVII.

An Acte for Leases of Hospitales Colledges and other Corporacons to be good and effectuall withe the Consent of the more partie.

A LBEIT that, by the comon lawes of this realme of Englande, all assentf elections grauntf and leases had made and graunted by the deane warden provost maister president or other governor of any cathedrall churche hospitall college or other corporacon, by whatsoever name they be incorporate or founded, with thassent & consent of the more or greater parte of their chapiter fellowes or bretheme of suche corporacon, havinge voyces of assent therunto, be as good & effectuall in the lawe to the grauntees and leassees of the same, as if the residue or the whole nomber of suche chapiter fellowes and bretheme of suche corporacon havinge voices of assent had therunto consented and agreed;

1 An erroneous repetition.

2 The following provisoes Jand three others omitted heref are annexed to the original Act in three separate schedules.

3 than O. 4 to O.

6 justice clerkf.

A.D. 1541-2.

33 Henry VIII. c. 27, 39.

507

yet, the saide comon lawes notwithstanding©, di9se founders of suche deaneries hospytals colleges and corporacons within this saide realme, have, upon the foundacon and establishment of the same deaneries hospitals college and other corporacons, established and made, amongf other their peculier actf locall statutf and ordinauncf that yf any one of suche corporation havinge power or auctoritie to assent or disassent shoulde and woulde denye anye suche graunte or grauntf, that then noe suche [sealeelection or graunte shoulde be had graunted or leassed; and for the pformance of the same everie pson havinge power of assent to the same have bene and be daylie thereunto sworne, and so the residue may not gceede to the pfection of suche elections grauntf and leases accordinge to the course of the comon lawes of this realme, unless© they shoulde incurre the daunger of pjurie: For the avoydinge whereof and for the due execucon of the c5mon lawe uni9sally within this realme and everie place in one conformytie of reason to be used, be it ordeyned established and enacted by thauctoritie of this psent Parliament, that all and everie peculiar acte order rule and estatute, heretofore made or hereafter to be made, by any founder or founders of any hospitall college deanerie or other corporacon at and upon the foundacSn of any suche hospitall college deanerie or corporacon, wherby the graunte lease gyfte or eleccon of the governor or ruler of suche hospitall college deanerie or other corporacon, with thassent of the more parte of suche of the same hospitall college deanerie or corporacon, as have or shall have voice of assent to the same at the tyme of suche graunte lease gyfte or eleccon hereafter to be made, sholde be in anywise hindred or lett by any one or moe beinge the lesser nomber of suche corporacon, contone to the fourme order and course of the comon lawe of this realme of Englande, shalbe from hensforth clerely frustrate voide and of none effect©: And that all othes heretofore taken by any pson or psons of suche hospitall college deanerie and other corporation, shalbe for and concerning the observaunce of any suche order estatute or rule demed voyde and of none effecte: And that from hensforth noe manner pson or psons of any such hospitall college deanrie or other corporac5n shalbe in anywise compelled to take anye othe for the observing© of anye suche order estatute or rule, upon the peyne of everie pson soe givinge suche othe to forfeyte for everie tyme soe offendinge five poundf, the one moytie thereof to be to the use of our soveraigne lorde the Kinge and thother moytie thereof to any of the Kingf subjectf w4* will sue for the same in any of the Kingf courtf of recorde by accon of debte bill playnt information or otherwise, wherein the defendaunt shall not be admytted to wage his lawe nor any gteccon nor essoyne or any other delatorie plea admytted or allowed.

CHAPTER XXXIX. (2)

The Byll for thestablishment of the Courte of Surveyors.

And where di9se and sondry obligacSns and specialties heretofore have been made to di9se psons, part of theym to the use of King Henry the vy* father of or nowe moost gracious soveraunde [lyeg ] lorde, and pte of theym to the

1 lease O.

3 From the original Act in the Parliament Office. See note at the beginning of this year. 8 Printed, copies omit.

Rules,&c. made by founders of some colleges, &c. that the dissent of one member shall prevent any grant, &c.

Oath for the observance of such rules:

All such rules, &c. whereby the effect of the assent of the majority is hindered, by a minority of negativevoices, declared void:

Oaths for their observance annulled, Ac.

Penalty on person giving such oath, £5,

XXXVI. Bonds, &c. made to certain persons to the King's use:

508

33 Henry VIII. c. 39.

A.D. 1541-2.

All bonds to the King shall be made to him in his own name, and shall be in the nature of statutes staple, and payable to the King and his heirs.

No bond to the King's use in the name of third persons;

process on existing or future bonds;

costs and damages to the King;

use and behoffe of o* said [nowel] soveraigne lord; be it enacted by the King o1 soveraigne lorde w* the assent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this present Pliament assembled, and by thauctoritie of the same, that all obligations and specialties whiche afU the first daie of Maie next comyng shalbe made for any cause or causes towelling or in any wise conSnyng the Kingf moost royall Matte or his heyres, or to his or theyr use odmodytie or behoofe, shalbe made to his Highnes and to his heires Kingf in his or their name or names by these wordes, I>no Regi, and to non other pson or psons to his use, and to be paied to his Highnes by these wordes, Solvend eidem I>no Regi, hered vel executoribj suis, wyth other wordes used and accustumed in comon obligacSns; and that all suche obligacons and specialtf so to be made, shalbe good & effectuall in the lawe to all prposes and intentf and shalbe of the same nature kinde qualitie force and effect to all intentf and purposes as the wrytingf obligatory takyn and knowleged according to the Statute of the Staple at Westm, hath at any tyme before the making of this psent Act been takyn used exeysed and.executed agenst any [laye *] pson or psons; any lawe usage or custume to the contrary therof notw^tanding. And that all suche obligacons and specialties, the dett whereof being not payed nor contented in the liflf of the King, shall come remayne and bee to the heires or executo" of the King at the free lifctie disposicon assignement and appointement of the same King to whome suche obligacons or specyalties shalbe made as is aforesaid; and if any pson or psons in his or their owne pper pson or psons after the said first daie of Maye, make or take any obligacon or obligacons to the use of the Kingf Mato or of his heyres Kingf, otherwise than is byfore expressyd, that then suche pson or psons only that shall so offende contrary to this present Acte, for his or ther so doing, shall have and suffer suche ymprisonment as shalbe assessed and adjugged by the King or his [moost1] honorable counsaile dailie attendaunte uppon his Highnes moost royall pson. And that all sutes to be made after the first daie of Apryll next cumyng for the reco9ye of or for any of the Kingf dettf in any the Kingf courts mencyoned in this Acte, of or uppon any obligacon or specyaltie dated or delyvered byfore the making of this psent Acte or which shalbe dated and dely^ed to the King or to his use afore the secunde daie of Maye next cuming, shalbe takyn sued and pursued in the name of the King and in the name of non other person or persons, to whatsoe? peon or psons the said obligacons or specialties or any of theym be have been or shalbe made to the King? use; and that all sutf pees judgement^ decrees and execucons hereafter to be takyn pursued or gyven for the King in any the Kingf courts mencyoned in this Acte of for or uppon any of the same obligacons last afore mencyoned, shalbe of the same or like strenght force effect and intente in the lawe to all proses only agenst all and all ma9 suche pson and psons as been bounden in suche obligacons or specialties as well spuall as temporall, as agenst their heyres successours executors and administrate" and e9y of theym, and agenst non other, as wrytingf obligatories taken and knowleged according to the Statute of the Staple at Westm, at any tyme before the making of this psent Acte, have been used to be takyn exeysed and executed agenst any laye pson or psons. And that the King in all sutf, hereafter to be takyn in or uppon any obligacon or specialties made or hereafter

A.D. 1541-2.

33 Henry VIII. c. 39.

509

to be made to the King, or any to his use, shall have and reco9 his just dett? cost? and damages, as other comon psons use to do in sut? and pursut? for their dett?. And that all suche sut? as nowe be depending in the name of any comon pson to his Graces use, wherof no verdyte is or byfore the feast of Ester next cumyng shalbe given or passed, or no exigent awarded, shall abate be voyed and of non effect; and neverthelesse the King by thaucrtie aforesaid, shal have his sute and remedy for the said dett so being in acdon and pees in forme as is aforesaid, in any of the courts in this Acte mencyoned; any thing in this Acte to the contrary therof notwlstonding.

And it is further enacted by thaucritie abovesaid, that all and e9y sute and sutes whiche hereafU shalbe had made or takyn of for or uppon any dett or duties whiche heretofore hath growen or be due, or that hereafter shall growe or be due to the King in the severall offices and courts of his Excheker, duchye of Lancastr, augmentacons of the revenues of his crowne, surveyo geSall of his ma&s landes and tent?, maister of the wardes and lyveryes and court of the first frut? and tenthes or in any of theym, or by reason or auc^ie of any of theym, shalbe se9ally sued in suche one of the said courts and offices, in the whiche court and office or by reason of the whiche court and office the same dett or dutye did fyrst growe or become to be due or hereaf? shall growe or'become due, or in the which office or court the recognisaunce obligacon or specialtie is or shalbe or remayne; and e9y such se9all sute and sutes shalbe made in e9y of the said se9all offices and courts under the se9all seales of the said severall courts by capias, extendi facias, subpena, attachement and proclamations of allegeaunce if neede shall require, or eny of them, or otherwise as unto the said se9all courts shalbe thought by their discrescons expedient for the spedye reco9ye of the King? debt?: And that the said courte of the Eschequyer and all and e9y of the said court? shall have hole and full auctoritie and power to here and determyn all and e9y suche sute and sutes as hereafter shalbe taken comenced and pursued for thentent above spified, and therupon to awarde make and doo execucon by & upon the body landes and goodes of the partye or parties that so shalbe condempned accordingly; and also shall have fulle power and auctoritie to heare & determyne all and almaS of dett? detynues trespasses accompt? recconyng? waast? diseeyt? necligenc? default? contempt? complaynt? riott? querrell? sut? striff? con-tro9sies forfaitures offenc? and other thing? whatsoe9 they shalbe, whiche herafter shall growe be moved stirred procured pursued or arrise, in for or uppon eny matier cause or other thing assigned c5mytted or appoynted, or herafter to be assigned comytted or appoynted to the se9all direccions orders and go9naunc? of the same cortf or any of them, or for or upon eny maS of thing or things whiche may or shall towche or in any wise concerne the same wheryn the King shalbe onelie ptie, and also alman) of stat? for terme of yeres betwene partie and ptie concernyng the pmysses; and to correcte and punysshe by their discrescons all and e9y pson and psons whiche before them shalbe convicted of eny of the pmysses according to the nature qualitie and quantitie of his or their offence or offences cause or causes matier or matiers; all and almaner of treasons murders felonyes estate right? titles and interest?, aswell of inheritaunce as of frehold other thenne joynters for terme of life, oonly excepted and alweys reserved.

suits of third persons shall abate.

XXXVII. Suits for the King's debts shall be in the courts of Exchequer, or other courts where they shall be due;

process for recovery thereof;

power of the court of Exchequer and all other courts to determine all such suits, and all matters relating to them:

Except criminal cases and estates of freehold.

510

33 Henky VIII. c. 39.

A.D. 1541-2.

XXXIX.

Courts

empowered to fine sheriffs, parties, &c.

Trial by witnesses, &c. Judgements.

XL.

For discharging bonds, &c. to the King without special warrant;

they may be cancelled by. the courts on proof of payment, &c.

XU.

Such cancelling a sufficient discharge.

XLII.

Discharging

recognizances

And it is further enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that e9y of the said courts shall have full power and auctoritie by force of this Acte to sett suche fynes penalyties and aflciamentf upon parties shireSf officers and other psons, for his & theire defautes contempt^ necligencf or mysdemeanors, as unto the said courtf or unto any of them shalbe reasonably considered and thought expedient. And that all and e9y tryall and triaUf of all and almafl sates billf pleyntf informacons declaracons compleyntf aunswers replications allegacons causes matiers and issues, or any of them, to be pursued made or tryed in the said se9all co*tf or any of them, shalbe made and tryed by due examynacon of witnes writingf proofff, or by suche other wayes or meanes as by the said se9all courts or by any of them shalbe thought expedient And that all and e9y suche jugement and judgement^ decree or decrees examynacBn and examynacons shalbe goode pfitte and in fulle strength force and effect in the lawe to all intentf construccons and purposes.

And where diverse and sundry psons stond bounden to the Kingf Highnes in di9se greate and notable somes of money by recognisaunce or other bondes in the said se9all courts for dettf due to the Kingf Highnes, aswell for the purchase of landes and woodes and performaunce of condicons, as also for di9se and sundry other causes; and albeit the same psons have well and truely satisfied contented and paide the same debttf, or pfourmed the condicons of the same recognisauncf or other bondes, yet the same recognisauncf or other bondes cannot be made voide w*oute the Kingf especiall warraunte, whiche shulde be much unquyetnes to the Kingf Majestie, and also 9ay chargeable to his Graces subject^, to sue to his Highnes from tyme to tyme for the same; in consideration wherof, and forasmoche as the said psons being so bounden by recognisaunce or in other bondes may by diverse casualties lose theire acquitauncf, wherby great daungier and perill may growe to them their heires executors and successours: Be it therfore enacted by the King our so9aigne lord, with the assent of the lordes spirituall and temporall and the commens in this psent Pliament assembled and by auctoritie of the same, that upon the sight of the acquitauncf made or to be made.for the payment of the said dett or dettf or som or sommes of money growen or to be growen, or due and sufficient proofe made or herafter to be made before the said se9all hede officers for the tyme being of the said se9all courts, as the case shall rise or growe, or if the condicon of the same recognisaunce or bonde be pformed or kept, that then e9y suche severall hede officer for that recognisaunce taken or to bee taken by hym or any of his pdecessors, or [for1] any other bonde for tyme being wHn his charge and cure, shall have fulle power and auctoritie to cancell and make voide the said recognisaunce or other bonde, calling to hym suche of the same corte as to hym or them shall seme moste convenient for the cancellacon of the same recognisaunce or bonde.

And be it enacted by the auctoritie aforsaid, that the same cancellacon so made, shalbe a sure and sufficient discharge of the same recognisaunce or other bonde, to all and e9y such pson or psons as doo or shall stande bounden in the same recognisaunce or bonde so cancelled ageynst the Kingf Highnes his heires executors and successours for ever.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforsaide, that the same se?all hedd officers for the tyme being in e9y of their said se9all co^f shall have full

1 of printed copies.

33 Henry VIII. c. 39.

511

power and auctoritie to discharge cancell or make voide by his or their for appearance

discrecon all and singler recognisaunces now made or herafter to be made in &c*

the said corte, for any apparance or other contempte; and that the same hed

officer or officers and the pties so bounden and to be bounden to be discharge i

ageinst the King or said so9aigne lord his heires executors and successours ior

the cancellacon of the same recognisaunce.

And where the Kingf Majestie sithen then the making of the same estatute XLIII. in the said xxvij411 yere of his noble reigne, of his own mere mocion lifealitie mntfbyf the and benygnytie hath freely given and graunted by his sundry Ires patentf King, since the under his greate seale of England, unto diverse and sundry of the nobles and 1^2? H?vni. lordes as well spuall as tempall of this his realme, and also unto di9se and c. 27. of lands, many other psons and bodies politike to their heires or successors, and to the tentiTofg & heires of their bodies, or for terme of life or lives, di9se and many sundry yearly value as honors castellf manors landes tentf rectories pencons porcons and other ^-ly on a hereditament^ whiche then were in the order gou^naunce and survey of the day certain; same courte of thaugmentacons of the revenues of his Graces crowne, or oute of eny other of the said se9all cortf, reiving unto his Majestie his heires and successours by the same Ires patentf one yerely rent in the name of one tenthe, or the tenth parte of the yerely value of the same pmysses, or any other rent paiable and to be paide in the same courtes, or to the officers of the same cortf deputed and assigned for the same, at one certen feast or day in the same Ires patent menconed and declared; whiche said psones so advaunced, notw*standing they have sithen and after the making of the same ires patentf peasibly enjoyed the same manors landes teritf and hereditamentf so given, and therof have quietly pceived and taken the issues revenues and pffittf therof; yet ne9thelesse di9se of the same psons have not at the dayes and feastf assigned and lymyted unto them in the same Ires pattentf, nor yet in long tyme after the same dayes and feastf of payment therof, contented and paide in the same courtf, or to the officers of the same courtf assigned and deputed for the same, the said yerely rent or rentf so reived to the Kingf Highnes, contrary to their dueties and against all reason and good conscience:

In consideracon wherof be it therfore nowe ordeyned enacted and estab- forfeitures lisshed by the assent of the Kingf Majestie the lordes spuall and tempall and fo^defaSTin the comons in this psent Pliament assembled and by the auctoritie of the pa^Qen^Jfviz same, that if any pson of what estate degree or condicon soe9 he be, or body if for 3 months politike, to whom the Kingf Majestie hath by his ires patentf under his one^quarter's greate seale of Englande, or under the greate seale of the same courte of if for six [augmentacons*] given or granted, or herafter shall give or graunte w' like refvacon of rent or rentf, any manors landes tentf rectories or other here- a year's rent ditametf whatsoe9, whiche were or herafter shalbe in the order go9naunce and "

surveye of the same courtf, or any of them, to be had to them and their heires yearly default, or successours, or for any other estate of inheritaunce, or for terme of life or lives, yelding and reiving to the same our said so9aigne lord the King his heires [and 2] successours, one yerely rent, at one certen day or feaste in the same Ires patentf expssed menconed and declared, and to bee paide into the same courtes, that if the same psons bodies politick© their heires (2) successours or assignes or any of them doo not ktruely content or pay or cause to be contented or paide unto the treasourer of the said se9all co*tf, or to the geflall

512

33 Henry VIII. c. 39.

A.D. 1541-2.

xuv.

Distress and process for such rent and forfeiture.

XLV.

On payment of rent to treasurer, &c. he shall sign a receipt, if tendered without fee * Penalty 40 s.

or pticuler receivo1 of the same se9all cortf, deputed and assigned for the same for the tyme being, to the use of the Kingf Highnes, at the day or feast lymyted by the same Ires patentf, or w*in three monethes next and imme-diatly after the same day or feast of payment therof, dll suche sommes of money whiche ben or herafter shalbe due refved to the Kingf Majestie his heires and successours, by the same ires patentf or by any of them, or make sufficient tendre thereof to the said treasourer or geSall or pticuler receivo* that then e9y of the same psons bodies politike their heires successors or assignes for lak and defaulte of payment of the same rent, to forfaite and loose to the King? Majestie his heires and successours as mouche money as the fourthe pte of the same rent so refved or herafter to be refved for one yere, doith or shall amounte unto, for and in the name of one payne o9 and above the same rent refved or herafter to be refved: And if it happen the same psons bodies politike their heires successours or assignes or any of them doo not w*in one half yere next after the day or feast expssed in the same Ires patentf, content or pay or laufully tendre unto the same treasourer or gefiall or pticuler receivo* to the use of the Kingf Majestie his heires or successours, as well the said yerely rent so refved or herafter to be reived, as also the said som of money forfaited for and in the name of a payne, that then the same psons bodies politike their heires successours or assignes so offending, shall forfaite and lose to the Kingf Majestie his heires and successours so moche money as the moytie [or*] halfe deale of the same rent refved or to be refved for one yeere doith or shall amounte unto, o? and above the said rent refved or to be refved; and [so *] to forfaite and lose for e9y half yere after, so moche monie as the hole rent refved or to be refved for one hole yere doith or shall amounte unto, until the same rent [so refved or to be refved & the arreragf of the same, and also the said sommes of money so forfaited and loste for a payne, ben unto the same treasorer or geSall or pticuler receivo* truely satisfied contented and paide to the use of the Kingf Highnes his heires & successours.

And be it also enacted by the auctoritie aforsaid, that it shalbe liefull to the same treasourer and gefiall or pticuler receivor to distreyn as well for the same rent so refved or to be refved, and for tharreragf of the same, as also for the said s5mes of money so forfaited or to be forfaited and loste, for and in the name of the peyne aforsaide; and also the hedde officer or officers of either of the same courtf for the tyme being, upon certificate to hym made or to be made of the same defaute and contempte, shall and may awarde such processe oute of the same courts ageynst the same offender for not paiyng of the said rent so refved or to be refved, and also for the same somes of money forfaited and to be forfaited by this Acte as by his or theire discrecon shall seme convenient.

And be it also enacted by the auctoritie aforsaid, that if any pson or psons herafter make laufull payment to any of the said treasourers or gefiall or pticuler receivo* of any of the same cortf, deputed and assigned for the same, of any som or s5mes of monie due to the Kingf Highnes his heires or successours for eny yerely rent or tenthe, and upon or after suche payment offer unto the same treasourer or gefiall or particuler receiver, one laufull and sufficient acquitaunce redy made to be assigned by the same treasourer

A.D. 1541-2.

33 Henry VIII. c. 39.

513

or gefiall or pticuler receivo7, witnessing the receipt of the said som or aomes of money so paide, that then the said treasonrer gefiall or pticuler received shall w* his owne hande aasigne the same acquitaunce, w^oute taking any fee or reward e for making of the same acquytaunce, upon payne to for&y te and lose for e9y tyme offending contrary to this Acte forty shilling?, one moitie wherof to be to the King? Highnes, and the other moitie to the ptie that will pursue for the same. And if the parties whiche herafler shall happen to pay to the same treasourer or gefiall or pticuler receivo7, any suche somme or sommes of money and doo not bryng an acquytaunce with hym to be signed as is beforesaid, that then if the same treasourer or gefiall or pticuler receivo1, upon request to hym made, shall make and deliver unto the same partie one sufficient acquitaunce testifiyng the same receipte, that then the same treasourer or gefiall or pticuler receivor or eny of his clerk?, shall not receive or take of the same partie for the making of the said acquitaunce not above foure pence, upon paine to forfeyte for every suche acquitance twenty shilling? for whiche he or they shall happen to take above the said som of iiij d. to be reco9ed as is beforesaide, that is to say, thone moitie therof to the use of the King? Highnes of his heires and sucoessours, and the other moytie therof to the ptie that wille pursue for the same. And be it also ennacted, that the same acquitaunce shalbe a sufficient discharge according to the tenno7 and effect of the same.

And be it also further ennacted and ordeyned by the auctoritie aforesaide, that* if any of the same gefiall or pticuler [receiver's,1] whiche nowe be or herafler shalbe wHn any of the said court?, happen to pay to any pson or peons any annuytie pencion or other rent, that then if the same pson or peons upon the receipt therof deliver unto the same gefiall or pticuler receivo7 one sufficient and lawful acquitaunce sealed and signed testifiyng the same receipte, that then the same gefiall or pticuler receivo7 shall receive the same acquitaunce w^ute taking or receiving any fee or rewarde for the making of the same: And if the same ptie to whom the said gefiall or pticuler receivo7 hath so contented and paide any suche annuytie pencion or rent, do not bryng wt hym one sufficient acquitaunce signed and sealed, testifiyng the receipte of the same money, by reason wherof the same gefiall or pticuler receivo7 by hymself or his clerke maketh one acquitaunce for the receipte of the same annuytie pencion or rent, that then the same receivo7 or his clerke shall not receive or take for the making of any suche acquitaunce whiche he shall so happen to make not above foure pence, upon payne to forfeit© for e9y suche acquitaunce whiche he shall happen to refuse, being redy made and offered to be defined to hym as is abovesaide xx s. and for e9y acquitaunce which he shall herafler happen to make for any of the payment? aforsaid, and to receive for the making of the same acquitaunce above the said soume of iiij d. to forfayt xx s. the one moytie to be to the King and thother moitie to the ptie that will sue for the same. And also that the same gefiall or pticuler receivo7s or their deputies whiche herafter shall happen to pay any suche annuyte pencon or rent, shall not reteygne or take of the partye to whome he shall happen to paye the same in the waye of rewarde or otherwise not above the sdme of iiij d. for every pounde, which the same generall or pticuler receyvo7 shall so happen to paie, upon paine [or *] forfait yj a viij d. for every pennye

1 receiver printed copies. 2 to printed copies.

K K

or if no receipt tendered shall give acquittance on a fee of 4 d. Penalty 20 s.

Such acquittance sufficient

XL VI.

On payment of annuities, Sec. by receivers, the; shall accept receipts tendered by the annuitants without fee, or on failure give a receipt on fee of 4<L Penalty 20 s.

Rewards not exceeding 4d. per pound.

514

33 Henry VIII. a 39.

A.D. 1541-2.

xlvh.

Fees to auditors, &c. for inrollments.

XLVUL Auditors shall give notice of audits;

and summon bailiffs, &c. to account.

Accounting officers making default in appearance, or accounting, or payment, shall forfeit their offices.

which he or they shall happen to receyve above the said some of iiij A for every pounde which he or thei shall so happen to paie; the oone moitie of the same forfeiture to be to the King and thother moitie to the p&rtie that will sue for the same. And that all the said sutf conSning the said forfeitures maye be cdmenced and pursued by bill information or action, in which ante non esson protection or wager of lawe to be admytted.

And be it farther enacted, that if eny person or persones herafter happen to tendre or offer unto eny of the auditors of the same severall courtf for the tyme being, any of the Kingf Ires patentf decrees of any of the same severall courtf grauntf indentures of leases as well for terme of yeres as for terme of lif or lyves, to be inrolled before the same auditor, according to his office; that then the same auditour upon the same tender or offer shall enroll the same, or as moch of the same Ires patentf decrees grauntf or indentures as shall apperteign to his said office. And if eny of the same audito*8 or eny of their clerkf, or eny other to their use, or to the use of any of them, receyee and take for the enrollement of eny of the same Ires patents decrees grauntf or indentures, or for the allowaunce of the same above the some of iij s. iiij d. that then the same auditour or his clerke so offending shall forfeit vj s. viij d. for every penny, which the same audito* or eny of them shall happen at eny tyme herafter to receive contrary to the forme aforsaid, the oon moitie of the 6ame forfeiture to be to the Kingf Highnes and the other moitie to him that will sue for the same by such maner and fourme as is aforsaid.

And be it also farther enacted by the auctoritie aforsaid, that every auditour of every of the said severall courts yerelie in every countie w^in their sayd severall lymyttf, by the space of xx daies or more before their audit, shall pclayme and declare in iiij severall markettf or other places, the place and daies where and when thei will kepe their severall audittf in the same shire, upon payne to forfeit for every tyme (1) doing the contrarie v ii. thone moitie wherof to be to the Kingf Highnes, and thother moitie to the partie that will sue for the same in fourme aforsaid: And that also every of the auditours of the said severall courtf being severallie assigned to their severall lymyttf and every of the perticular receivors of the same severall courtf, being also severallie assigned and joyned wfc the same severall auditor in their said severall lymytf, after and hetwene every of the feastf of Seint Midhdl tharchaungell and Cristmas, shall direct and award their severall warrauntf and preceptf under their seales to every of the receivors bailifff reves and other officers whatsoever accomptable before the same auditours, and by the same warraunt or precept to charge and comaunde in the name of & said soverain lord the King every of the] said receivours bailifff reves and other officers to appere before them at oon certeine daie and place in the same warrant or precept to them prescribed, there to declare and make a just and true accompt of all such receiptf wherof thei be accomptable and owe to accompt. And after if the same auditours and perticuler receivo^ doo repair* unto the same place, and there kepe their audit according to the same proda-macions precept and warraunt, that then if any receive1 baillif reve or other officer being accomptable of or for eny of the mannours landes tentf or other whatsoever hereditamentf now remayning or which herafter shall be and remayne in the order govemaunce or survei of any of the same severall oourtf,

33 Henry VIII. c. 39.

515

be laufully warned aa well by the same gdamacion or by precept or warraunt in writing and sealed, and in the name of eny of the auditonrs of the saide severall court? personal] ie to appere by himself or by his sufficient and laufull deputie before the same auditour and receivour at oon certein daie and place in the same warraunt or precept pscribed, there to make and declare a just and a true accompt of all [the*] receipt? of his said office, and (*) the same receivor reve baillif and other officer so being laufullie warned doo not appere before the same auditour and receivour at the same daie and place in the said warraunt expressed, or if the same receivour baillife reve or officer do at the same daie and place to them prescribed, appere and will not accompt before the same auditour according to the tenour and effect of the same precept or warraunt, or if the same receivour baillif reve or other officer accomptable, do by himself or by his sufficient and lawfull deputie appeare before the same audito* and receivour, and then and there enter into his or their accompt before the said auditour, and after the same account finisshed and ended, if the same receivour baillife reve or other officer doo not content and paie unto the treasourer of the same severall court? or to the generall or pticuler re -ceivour of the same countie for the* time being, as the case shall require, w<in thre week? next and immediatelie after the same accompt fully finished and ended, all such somes of money which upon the determynacion of his said accompt he shall happen to bee found in arrerages and the same defaut and contempt being dulye gved before the hed officer or officers of the said se9all court? for the tyme being, that then every such receivour baillife reve or officer so offending to forfaite and lose his said office and also his fee which he or thei had and pceived for the exercising of the same office.

And be it also farther enacted by auctoritie of this present Parliament, that if eny of the said receivors bailliff? reves or other officers, upon the declaration of their sayde accompt? doo willingly concele and wtdrawe any rente revenue fyne herryet or other casualtie whatsoever it be, of the which he ought to have made accompt, and the same duelie approved before the said hed officer or officers for the tyme being; that then every such receivour bailliff reve or Other officer so offending, to forfeit and lose his said office and fee, which he had for thexersysing of the same, and also thre tymes as moch as he hath so concealed and wtdrawen: And that the said hed officer or officers of the same seVall court? for the tyme being, immediatlie upon certificat to him made of the same defaut contempt or offence, shall awarde proces in nature of attache-ment against the same receivour baillif reve or other officer, as well for the same arrerages remayning in the handes of the same receivour baillif reve or officer, as also.for the penaltie of their recognisaunce or bonde, in which the same receivour baillif reve or officer stondeth bounden to or saide sovereign lord the King, as also for the contempt and paine lymytted and apointed by this Acte.

And be it further enacted by auctoritie aforsaide, that in all actions and sut? to be taken or pursued in eny the court? aforsaid, for the recovery of eny dett or dett? which now be or that herafter shall happen to apperteigne accrue remaine or be to the King by reason of any atteindour outlawry forfeiture gift of the partie, or by eny other collateral! waie or meanes, it shalbe


XUX. penalty on accountants concealing rent, &c. forfeiture of office; and treble amount:

Process and attachment thereon.

L.

In actions for debt accruing to the King by attainder, &c. the circumstances shall

516

33 Henry YIIL c. 39.

A.D. 1541-2.

be alleged generally.

LI.

Suits by the

Kinjg unftll

"have preference to private suits, and execution be first had thereon.

LII. Lands descending to heire in fee or tail shall be charged with debts to the King by specialty; though the heir be not named therein.

LIU.

The King may recover against

sufficient in the lawe to shew and alledge in the said sute geSally, that the partie to whom the said dett or dettf was due or did belong such yere and daie, did gyve the same det or dettf unto the King, or was atteinted outlawed or other offence forfeiture dede acte or thing commytted or [did,1] by reason wherof the saide dett or dettf did accrewe and ought to remaine come and be to the King: And that the same matter so to be shewed alleged or declared in a generalise, wtaut shewing and declaring the drcumstaunce therof, shalbe of as good force and effect in the lawe to all ententf constructions and prpofles as if the hole matter therof had ben or were alleged and declared at huge b every point, according to the due order of the comon lawes of this realme.

And be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforsaide, that if eny sute be comensed or taken, or eny pees be herafter awarded for the King for the recovery of eny the Kingf debtf, that then the same sute and prosesse shalbe preferred before the sute of any other pson or persones; and that & aside sovereign lord his heires and successours shall have [the *] first execution against any defendant or defendauntf of [and 3] for his said dettf, before eny other perso or persones; so alwaies that the Kingf saide sute be taken and comenced, or proces awarded for the said dett, at the sute of o* said sovereign lord the King his heires or successours, before judgement gyven for the said other persone or persones.

And be it enacted also by auctoritie aforsaid, that all manefts landes tefitf possessions and hereditamentf, the which nowe be or that heerafter shall come [or4] be, in or to the handes possession occupation or season of eny person or persones, to whom the same manours landes tentf or hereditamentf, have heretofore or herafter shall descende revert or remaine in fee symple or in fee taile generall or spiall, by from or after the death of eny his or their auncester or auncesters as heir, or by gift of his auncesters whose heire he is, which said auncester or auncesters was is or shalbe indetted to the King, or to eny other person or persones to his use, by judgement recognisaunce obli-gacion or other spialtie, the dett wherof is or shall not be contented and paied; that then in every such case the same manours landes tenement^ possessions and hereditamentf shalbe and stand by auctoritie of this Acte, from hen* forth charged and chargeable to and for the payment of the same dett and of every part therof: And that our said sovereign lord his heires and successours, at eny tyme herafter shall not be barred delaied fordosed or excluded to demaunde have and receyve his or their just due and laufull debtf and dueties against eny of his subjectf, as heire or heires to eny person or persones endetted to his Highnes or to other persones to his use, or which shalbe endetted to his Highnes his .heires or successours, albeit this word heir be not or shall not be comprised in such recognisaunce obligacion or spialtie, or that any such persone or persones shall saie or alledge that he or thei have not eny maners landes tentf or hereditamentf to them descended, but oonelie such maners landes tenementf or hereditamentf as be or shalbe entailled or gyven to them by eny their auncesters to whom thei be heires; any lawes uses or customes before this tyme used or had to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies, that the Kingf Majestie his heires and successor male at his or their libertie and pleasure demaunde have and recover his or their said

1 done printed copies. 3 or printed copies.

2 Printed copies omit. 4 and printed copies.

A.D. 1541-2.

33 Henry VIII. c. 39.

517

det or dett? of and against any executo* or executors admynistrator or administrator of eny such person or persones which is hath ben or shalbe indetted in maner and fourme abovesaid, if the same executour or executor administrateur or administrator shall have [asses i] in his or their bandes in dede or in lawe; eny thing before mencioned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provyded also, that if the said manours londes and hereditament? or any of them shall herafter be recovered or evicted out of or from the possession of eny such person or persones by eny just or former title, w^ut fraude or covyne whose manors landes tent? or hereditament? ben or shalbe charged or chargeable as is abovesaid, that then all and every such manours landes and hereditament? shall be clerlie acquited and discharged of and for the payment of the said dett? and every part therof; any thing before mencioned to the contrarie notw^tanding.

Provided alwei and be it enacted by auctie aforsaid that if any person or persones of whom eny Buch dett or dutie is or at eny tyme herafter shall be demaunded or required, allege plede declare or shew in eny of the said court?, good perfit sufficient cause and matter in lawe reason or good consciens in barre or discharge of the said det or dutie, or whi such person or persones ought not to be charged or chargeable to or wt the same, and the same cause or matter so alleged pleaded declared or shewed, sufficientlie proved in such oon of the said court? as he or thei shall be impleaded sued vexed or trobled for the same; that then the said court? and every of them shall have full power and auctie to accept adjudge and allowe the same prof, and holye and clierlie to acquite and discharge all and every person and persones that shall be so impleaded sued vexed or trobled for the same; any thing in this present Acte before mencioned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided also and bee it enacted by thauctie aforsaid, that if any maners landes tent? or hereditament? which be or at eny tyme herafter shalbe charged or chargeable to or wt the det of o* said sovereigns lord his heires or succes-sours, and be or at eny tyme herafter shalbe in the season and possession of divers and sundrie persones, other then the obligo* or obligo, that then all and singuler the said maners landes tent? and hereditament? and every percell of them, shall be holy and entierlie and in no wise severallie liable and chargeable to and with the payment and payment? of the said det and duetie, any thing before rehersed to the cont^ry notwithstanding.

Provyded also that this Act nor eny thing therin conteigned shall in eny wise extends to mynyshe abrogate or take awaie any realties libties privileges franchises prehemynences jurisdiccions fines issues or amerciament? aperteign-ing or belonging to the saide duchie of Lancaster and countie pallantyne of Lancaster or eny of them; but that the same libties realties privileges fraun-chises pheminenoes jurisdiccions fines issues and amerciament? and every of them shall still contynue remains and be to the saide duchie of Lancaster and countie palantyne and to every of them as fully holly and plenarly as thei were before the making of this present Acte; any thing in the same conteigned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

(*) Provyded alway and be hyt enacted by thauctoritye aforsayd, that all maner of pees [pcessus 3] & executyons for dettis only comyiig or growyng

1 assets printed copies.

executors, &c. having assets.

LIV. Proviso for lands recovered from the heir by prior title.

LV. Proviso for good cause of discharge of such debts.

LVI. Lands held severally shall he chargeable in the whole.

LVU. Proviso for liberties of the dnchy of Lancaster.

LVIIL Process for debts arising in

518

33 Henry VIIL c. 39.

A.D. 1541-2.

the Exchequer shall be made in that court

Application of the King's taxes and revenues, to the private advantage of the collectors, &c. receiving the same:

Such collectors, Ac. shall pay the said taxes

in the Conrte of Theschequer shalbe made in the same Comte of Theechequyer by souche officer & officers derke or mynyster of the same conrte as hath ben afore thys tyme used to bee made, after & with souche kinde of pees poems and execucyons as by this Acte ys lymyted & declared; any thyng in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notvithstandyng.

34 & 35 HENRY VIIL A.D. 1542-3.

STATUTES made in tee Session of Parliament, holden at Westminster by prorogation, on the Twenty-second Day of January, In the THIRTY-FOURTH Year, (»)

And continued until the Twelfth Day of May,

In the THIRTY-FIFTH Year of K. HENRY, VUI.

<&X ftotuto $larltamnttt be Stoito regm Ifcegfe intriri $ctabt, Crtcebtmo quarto "t qrnnto. h

CHAPTER II.

An Acte concerning Collectoures and Receyvoures.

VAT HERE divers and soondrie highe collectoures of the fiftenthe and subsidie due to the Kingf Hieghnes, and divers other his particulcr and generall receyvoures of the revenues and dueties, being within the sundry rule and ordre of his Majesties Courte of the Eschequier, the duchie of Lancastre, the Courte of the Augmentations of the Revenues of his Crowne, the Courte of the Generali Surveyoures, the Courte of the Wardes and Livereys, and the Courte of the Tenthe and Firste Fruites, have heretofore after the collection levying or gathering of the Kingf fiftenes subsidies rentf debtf and other his money and dueties, reteyned occupied and converted the same to theyre owne singuler proffite and commoditie, as in loning or laying out the same for gaynes, in purchasing landf of greate value, and in hying of woolles and other merchaundyse, wherby the Kingf Majestie hathe ofte tymes lost greate parte of his debtes and dueties, and soomtyme forborne the same by a long season after suche tyme as the same have been due and gathered: Fob reformacon wherof be it enacted ordeyned and establisshed by the Kingf Hieghnes with the assent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this pnt Parliament assembled and by thauctoiytie of the same, that eveiye hieghe collectoure of any fifbene subsidie or other taxe or lone, and all and every© other the Kingf saide particuler and generall receyvoures of any the saide soomes of money and other dueties belonging to the King, frome and after the firste dale of Julye next cooming, shall within the space of three monethes next after suche daies and tymes an any the saide fiftenes subsidies 1

1 See Stat. 1 Edw. VL c. 12. § 2.

J* It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 3. p. 893.), that the numbers of the several chapters as inserted in all farmer printed copies of the statutes of this year, (which numbers are adopted in the Statutes of the Realm,) disagree with those on the roll.]

A.D. 1542-3.

34 & 35 Hskrt VIII. c. 2.

510

rente soomes of money or other yerelie proffitea shalbe due and paiable to the King his heyres or successoures by any statute ordinance or other meane, and by the same collectour pticuler or generall receyvour or by any of them reteyned or gathered, truelie content deliver and paie the same to the King? use, at suche place or places and to suche psone or psones as be or shalbo named appointed and lymited for the same; upon paine to forfaicte to the King his heyres and successoures for eveiye pounds so being receyved, and after that reteyned kepte or layde out for gaine, and not paide within three monethoH to the King? use as is aforesaide, foure shilling? for everye moneth that the same money shalbe so reteyned kepte or layde out for gaine as is aforesaide; and allso shall lose and forfaicte his or theyre saide office concerning the same, and all proffites therunto belonging. And that the King shall at his pleasure, chardge the saide collectour pticuler or generall receyvor upon his or thoyre aocomptes with the penaltie and forfaictures above rehearsed, or ells at his pleasure demaunde aske and recover the same by action bill plainte or suyte of debte against the same collectoure or collectoures pticuler or generall receyvour theyre heyres executoures or admynistratoures, in whiche action bill plainte or suite no proteccon essoine or wager of laws shalbe allowed [nor1] admytted.

Provided allwaie, that if any of the saide collectoures pticuler or generall receyvctts, tendre paiement of all suche money by them receyved to the King? use, within the saide three monethes, in suche place and unto suche psone and psones as be or shalbe charged with the receipts of the same, and do asmuche as in him or them is or [than 2] shalbe for to make true paiement therof, and cannot be therunto admytted by reasone of importunate busines or other lawfull impediment or cause in him or them that shoulde accept© or receyve the same, that in everye suche cace the same collector pticuler or generall receyvo* or receyvoures, as shall so make tendre of all suche money by him or them receyved or gathered to the Kingf use as is aforesaide, and cannot be therunto admitted for any the causes abovesaide, shall not be chardged with or incurre any daunger or penaltie conteyned in this Acte: this Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrary© notwithstanding.

(*) Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauetorytie aforesaide, that the heyre or heyres of any collectour or receyvour aforesaide shall not be chardged or chargeable by reasone of this Acte, but oonelie for and in suche land? tenement? or hereditament? whiche the saide heyre or heyres have or shall have by discent, in fee simple or fee tayle or by gifte, or ells by any other assuraunce had or made to any suche heyre or heyres oonelie, by covyne from the saide collectour or receyvour or any of them or any theyre assignee And that in all and everye suche cace and cace* the King? Majestic his heyres and successor to have execution oonelie of and in suche land? tenement? or hereditament? descended given or othenry*e assured as is aforesaide untill such tyme as his Majestic his heyre* and *w*?*ot!re*, be fullye satisfied and paide of all and eveiy e suche sooiue sod w/u&* of moneye, due or to be due by any suche coOecUm or receyvour.

3 O. 1 il&u O,

3 The fife fdkrvin/ w*r to

the original Act.

and revenues to the King's line, within thro months after receipt thereof j penalty 4 s. per pound per m on 111 i

and forfeiture of their office i

recovery of penalty.

II. Tender by collector, Sc. dufficient.

III.

Hein of collector*, kc. ahaJI be charged only for lend* deeccnded, be.

Execution b muh land* until payment of mom due.

520

34 & 35 Henry VIII. c. 2, 8.

A.D. 1542-3,

iv.

Executors of collectors chargeable only as at common law.

V.

Heirs of the . King's debtors being charged shall have remedy against their executors, &c.

VL Act shall not extend to collectors of customs, &c.

vn.

Nor to payment of pensions, &c. by general or particular receivers.

Becital of Stat 3 H. VIII. c. 11. for regulation of physicians and surgeons;

persons performing cures of sores, &c. by herbs, &c. sued by the surgeons for so doing;

And it is further enacted, that the executour or executoures admynistraior or admyniatratoures of everye suche collectour or receyvour, shall not be otherwyse chardged or chargeable by this Acte, but as executoures and administratoures be or shoulde be charged and chargeable by thordre of the coen lawes of this realme, in actions of debte used and commensed ag&inste them as executoures or admynistratoures.

Provided allso and be it further enacted by thauctorytie aforesaide, that where the heyre or heyres of any the Kingf receyvoures or collectoures or debtoures, is or shalbe chardged of and for his fathers or auncestoures debtf or dueties whose heyre he is, wherby the landf discended or gyven to him by covyne to defraude the Kingf execucon of suche lande unto him or them frome the saide father or auncestoure, is put in execucon, that thanne suche heyre or heyres shall and maie have his or theyre action of debte againste the executoures or admynistratoures of his saide father or auncestour, and shall have execuc&n of the goodf and catalls of the saide father or auncestour being in thandf of the saide executoures or admynistratoures at the time of the saide action brought; in whiche saide action none essoyne proteccon or wager of lawe shalbe admytted or allowed.

Provided allwaie that this Acte shall not extende to the collectoures of the King? custome and of the subsidie of tonnage and pondage whiche be accomptable yerelie in the Kingf Majesties Eschequier.

Provided allwaies that this Acte or any thing therin conteyned, shall not extende or be prejudiciall to any the saide generall or pticuler receyvour or receyvors, to or for the paimentf of any pencons fees annuities rentf or other allowaunces by them or any of them paide or to be paide to any psone or psones, according to suche ailowaunce order or decree as be or hereafter shalbe allowed or ordered or decreed in any of the saide courtes; any tiling in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte that persones being no coen Surgeons made mynistre medicines

owtwarde.

HERE in the Parliament holden at Westm in the thirde yere of the Kingf moste gracious reigne, amongest other thinges for the advoyding of sorceryes witchecrafte and other inconveniences, it was enacted, that no psone within the dtie of London, nor within seven myles of the same, shoulde take upon him to exercyse and occupie as phisician or surgeon, except he be first examyned approved and admytted by the bisshopp of London and other, undre and upon certaine peynes and penalties in the same Acte mentioned; sithens the making of whiche saide Acte the companie and felowship of surgeons of London, mynding oonelie theyre owne lucres, and nothing the profite or ease of the diseased or patient, have sued troubled and vexed divers honest psones aswell men as woomen, whome God hathe endued with the knowledge of the nature kinde and operation of certeyne herbes rotes and waters, and the using and mynistering of them to suche as been pained with customable diseases, as womens brestes being sore, a pyn and the web in the eye, uncoomee of handf scaldingf bumingf sore mouthes the stone strangurye saucelin and morfew,

A.D. 1542-3.

34 & 35 Henbt VIII. o. 8, 9.

521

and suche other lyke diseases, and yet the saide psones have not t&kin any thing for theyre peynes and cooninng, but have mynistred the same to the poore people oonelie for neighbourhode and Qoddes sake and of pitie and charytie; and it is nowe well knowen that the surgeons admytted wooll doo no cure to any psone, but where they shall knowe to be rewarded with a greater soome or rewards than the cure extendeth unto, for in cace they wolde mynistre theyre coonning to sore people unrewarded, there shoulde not so manye rotte and perishe to deathe for lacke of helpe of surgerye as dailie doo, but the greatest parte of surgeons admytted been muche more to be blamed than those psones that they trouble, for althoughe the most parte of the psones of the saide crafte of surgeons have small cooning, yet they wooll take greats soomes of money and doo litle therfore, and by reasons therof they doo often tymes impair© and hurts theyre patient? rather thenne doo them good: In consideration whorof and for the ease oomforte socour helpe relief and healthe of the King? poore subject? inhabyt&unt? of this his realme, nowe peyned or diseased, or that hereafter shalbe peyned or diseased, be it ordeyned estab-lisshed and enacted by thauctorytie of this pnt Parliament, that at all tymes from hensforthe, it shalbe lefull to everye psone being the King? subject having knowledge and experience of the nature of herbes rotes and waters or of the operacSn of the same by speculacon or practyse, within any parte of the realme of Englande, or within any other the King? domynions, to practyse use and mynistre in and to any outwarde sore uncoom wounde appostemacons outwarde swelling or disease, any herbe or herbes oyntement? bathes pultes and emplasters, according to theyre cooning experience and knowlege in any of the diseases sores and maladies aforesaide and all other lyke to the same, or drinkes for the stone strangurye or agues, without sute vexacon trouble penaltie or losse of theyre good?. The foresaide statute in the foresaide thirde yere of the King? most gracious reigne, or any other Acte ordinance or statute to the contrary© hereof heretofore made in any wise notwithstanding.

such persons may cure outward sores by herbs, ointments, &c. or stone or ague by drinks, without being sued under recited Act.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the Preservacon of the Ryver of Severae.

Q) And be it allso enacted by auctorytie abovesaide, that no psone or psones, after the firste daie of Auguste next cooming, doo caste or unlade out of any maner of ship crayer or any other vessell, being within any haven rode chanell or ryver flowing or rooning to any porte towne or to any citie boroughe or towne within this realme or any other the King? domynions, any maner of balaste rubbishe gravell or any other wracke or filthe, but oonelie upon the lande above the full sea marke, upon peyne that everye psone and psones offending this Acte, to lose and forfaicte for everye tyme so offending fyve poundes, the oone haulf to the King our soveraigne lorde and thother haulf therof to suche psone and psones as will sue for the same by bill plainte original! writ or information, in any the King? court? of record© in whiche accon or sate no wager of la we shalbe admitted nor any essoine or proteccon allowed.

IV.

None shall unlade ballast, &c. from ships in any havens or rivers, except on land above high-water mark, penalty £5.

522

34 & 35 Henby VIII. c. 13.

A.D. 1542-8.

No knights or burgesses heretofore sent to Parliament for the county palatine of Chester:

Mischiefs resulting from such deficiency:

Two knights for the county, and two burgesses for the city of Chester, shall he elected by writ out of Chancery to the chamber-lain of Chester, &c.

Such knights and burgesses shall have like authority and privileges as other members.

CHAPTER XIII

An Acte for Knight? and Burgesses to have places in the Parliament for the Countie Palantyne and Citie of Chestre.

o

TN moste humble wise shewen unto your moste excellent Majestie, thinhaby-taunt? of your Graces countie [palantine 2] of Chestre, that where the saide countie palantyne of Chestre is and hathe been alwaie hitherto exempte excluded and seperated out and frome your Hieghe Courte of Parliament to have any knight? and burgesses within the saide courte, by reasone wherof the saide inhabytaunt? have hitherto susteyned manifolde disherysons losses and damages aswell in theyre land? good? and bodies, as in the good civile and politique gouvernaunce and maintenance of the coen wealthe of theyre saide countrey: And forasmuche as the saide inhabytaunt? have ahwaies hitherto been bounde by the Actes and statutes made and ordeyned by youre saide Hieghnes and youre moste noble progenitoures by auctory tie of the saide courte, as farforthe as other counties cities and boroughes have been that have had theyre knightes and burgesses within youre saide Courte of Pliant, and yet have had neyther knight ne burgesse there for the saide countie [palantyne,2] the saide inhabytaunt? for lacke therof have been often tymes touched and greaved with Actes and statutes made within the saide Courte aswell [derogative8] unto the moste auncient jurisdictions liberties and privileges of your saide countie [palantine,2] as prejudiciall unto the common wealthe quietnes rest and peace of your Graces moste bounden subject? inhabyting within the same: Fob kemedie wherof it maie please youre saide Hieghnes that it maye be enacted with thassent of the lord? spuall and temporall and the commons in this pnt Parliament assembled and by the auctorytie of the same, that frome thende of this pnt session, the saide countie palatine of Chestre shall have twoo knight? for the saide countie palatyne, and lykewyse twoo citizens to be burgesses for the citie of Chester, to be electe and chosen by processe to be awarded by the chauncellor of England© unto the chambre-laine of Chestre his liuetennte or deputie for the tyme being; and [allso lyke4] processe to be made by the saide chamberlaine his lieuetenante or deputie, to the shirief of the saide countie of Chestre; and the same eleccon to be made undre lyke maner and forme to all intent? constructions and purposes as is used within the countie palatyne of Lancastre or any other countie and citie within this realme of Englande; whiche saide knight? and burgesses and everye of them so elected and chosen, shalbe retoumed by the saide shirief into the Chaunceiye of Englande in due forme, and upon lyke paines as it is ordeyned that the shirief or shirief? of any other countie w^n this realme shoulde make theyre retourne in case lyke. And whiche saide knightes and burgesses and everye of them so elected and returned, shalbe knight? and burgesses of the Courte of Parliament and have lyke voyce and auctorytie to all intent? and purposes as any other the knight? and burgesses of the saide Courte of Parliament have use and enjoye; and in lykewyse shall and maie take all and everye suche lyke liberties advantag? dignities privileges wages fees and coinodities concerning this saide Courte of Parliament, to all

2 palatyne O. 4 bo a like 0.

1 To the Kyng oure soveraigne lorde. 0. 8derogatorie 0.

A.D. 1542-3. 34 & 35 Henby VIIL c. 13,20. 523

intent? construocons and purposes as any other the knight? and burgesses of the saide courte shall male or ought to have taken or enjoye.


CHAPTER XX.

An Acte to enbarre fayned recoveries of Landes wherein the Kinges Majestic

is in revercon.

117 HERE divers of the Kinges moste noble progenitoures, and speallie the King our soveraigne lorde moste liberallie above all other, hathe given and graunted or otherwyse provided to his and theyre loving and good #v«nt? and subject? aswell nobles as other, manoures meases land? tenement? rent? Svices and hereditament? to them and to theyre heyres males of theyre bodies, or to the heyres of theyre bodies lawfullye begotten, mynding at the tyme of suche giftes not oonelie to preferre and advance pntlie the donees, but allso theyre heyres in blonde of theyre bodies according to the lymitacon of the saide giftes, to thintent that the recompence for the 8 vice of suche donees shoulde not oonelie be a benefite for theyre owne psones, but a contynuall proffite and commoditie to and for theyre heyres cooming of theyre bodies, wherby suche heyre shoulde have in speall memorye and dailie remembraunce the proffite that they have and take by the service of theyre auncestoures doone to the Kinges of this realme, and thereby be the better encouraged to doo lyke fvice to theyre soveraigne lorde as to theyre dueties of alleageaunce appteyneth; and forasmuche as soondrye such donees in tayle and theyre heyres, have suffred and dailie suffre by theyre consent? untrue and feined recoveries to be had against them with common voucher or otherwyse, of manoures meases land? tenement? or hereditament? so gyven graunted or provyded in tayle by the Kinges Majestic or his noble progenitoures as is aforesaide, to thentent by fraude covyne and untrue meanes, not oonelie to bynde and defeate theyre heyres inherytable by the lymitacon of suche giftes, but allso the King of his prerogative wardeship prymer seasone and other his right?; wherby questions and diversities of opinion have rysen and yet be, whether suche feyned and untrue recouveries against suche ten*ntes in tayle by theyre owne consent? of land? tenement? or hereditament?, wherof the revercon or remaindre is in the King at the tyme of suche recoverye or recoveryes had, shoulde after the deathe of the ten«nte in tayle bynde the heyres in tayle or not: For plaine declaracon wherof and to avoyde and extincte from hensfforthe diversities of opinion in suche cases, be it ordeyned and enacted by auctorytie of this pnt [put1] Parliament, that no suche feyned recoverye hereafter to be had, by assent of parties againste anye suche tenante or tenantes in tayle, of any land? tenement? or hereditament?, wherof the revercon or remaindre at the tyme of suche recoverye had shalbe in the King, shall binde or conclude the heyres in tayle, whether any [condicon *] voucher be had in any suche feyned recoverye or not; but that after the deathe of everye suche ten^te in tayle, againste whome any suche recoveryye shalbe had, the heyres in tayle maie entre have and enjoye the land? tenement? and hereditament? so recovered according to

Special reasons for grants of the King to certain persons in tail;

feigned recoveries suffered by such tenants in tail of such lands;

feigned recoveries of lands, whereof the reversion, &c. is in the King, shall not bar the heirs in tail.

1 An erroneous repetition on the roll. — O. omits.

*comon O.

524

34 & 35 Hekby VIII. c. 20.

A.D. 1542-3.

II.

Heirs in tail shall not take recompence against youchee.

UL Saving for lessees of tenant in tail for 21 years at the usual rent under St. 32 H. VIE c. 28.

the forme of the gifte of entayle; the saide recoverye, or any other thing or thinges hereafter to be had doone or suffred by or againste any suche ten»nte in tayle, to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And be it allso further enacted by thauctorytie aforesaide, that the heyrea of everye suche tenante in tayle, againste whome any suche feyned recoverye shalbe had, shall take none advantage for any recompence in value against the [voucher*] nor his heyres.

Provided allwaie that this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned be in any wyse prejudiciall or hurtefull to the lessee or lessees of any suche tenante in tayle, made or to be made by wryting indented, of any manoures landf tenement^ or hereditamtf for terme of xxjti yeres three lieves or undre, wher-upon the accustomable rent [or2] rentes or more is or shalbe refved yerelie during the saide terme or termes; but the same lessee or lessees shall and maie have and enjoye his or theyre terme or termes therein againste the heyre and heyres of everye suche tenaunte in tayle according to the tenour purporte and effecte of the statute made in the xxxii^ yere of the reigne of our soveraigne lorde King Henrye Theight; any thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrarye therof notwithstanding.

35 HENRY VIII. A.D. 1543-4.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BY PROROGATION AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE FOURTEENTH DAY OF JANUARY,

In the THIRTY-FIFTH Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIIL

<2?jr Rottilo ^parliament! tie amto rejjnt ftegtg 3?mriet #ctairi, Cricesinno'qnmto. II

CHAPTER II.

An Acte conoerninge the triall of Treasons comytted out of the King?

Majesties Domynions.

For obviating doubts a8 to the trial of treasons and misprisions of treasons committed abroad;

such offences, committed out of England, shall be tried in

XpORASMUCHEas some doubtes and questions have bene moved, that Sten kindes of treasons mysprisions and concealment^ of treasons, done ppetrated or c5mytted out of the Kingf Majesties realme of Englande and other his Graces Anions, cannot ne maye by the comon lawes of this realme be enquired of herd & de'Jmyned within this his saide realme of Englande; for a playne remedye ordre and declaracon therein to be had and made, be it enacted by auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that all manner of offences being alredye made or declared, or hereafter to be made or declared by any the lawes and statute of this realme, to be treasons mysprisions of treasons or 1

1 vouchee O. 2 and O.

J* It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 3. p. 954.), that the printed copies of the statutes of this year contain eighteen chapters, but that only nine of these are on the roll, and that the remaining nine are printed in the Statutes of the Realm from the original Acts in the Parliament Office. It also appears that in such printed copies the numbers of the several chapters that are on the roll, (which numbers are adopted in the Statutes of the Realm,) disagree with those on the roll, except as to chapters 1, 2.J

A.D. 1543-4.

35 Henry VIII. c. 2.

525

concelementf of treasons, and done ppetrated or comytted or hereafter to be the King's done ppetrate or comitted by anye pson or psons out of this realme of England©, ^'spUiai shalbe from bensforth inquired of herd and determyned before the Kingf commissioners, justicf of his benche for plees to be holden before himselfe, by good and laufull men of the same shire where the saide benche shall sytt and be kepte, or els before suche comissioners and in suche shire of the realme as shalbe assigned by the Kinges Majesties comission, and by good and laufull men of the same shire; in like manner and forme to all entente and purposes as if suche treasons mysprisions of treasons or concelementf of treasons had bene done ppetrated and comytted within the same shire where they shalbe so inquired of harde & de?myned as is aforesaid.

Provided alwayes that if any the peers of this realme shall happen to be n. endyted of any suche treasons or other offences aforesaide by auctoritie of ^bypee^ this Acte, that then after such inditement they shall have their triall by their peers in suche like manner and forme as hath bene heretofore accustomed.

37 HENRY VIH. A.D. 1545.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT, BEGUN AND HOLDEN AT Westminster, on the Twenty-third Day of November,

In the THIRTY-SEVENTH Year of the Reign of K. HENRY, VIII.

flFjr ftotulo ^Parliament! tie 3tmo regnt Rrjjte kernin' #rtabf, Crtorfmo «#epttmo. 1*1

CHAPTER I.

An Acte for the Offyces of the Custos Rotulog.

VTtTHERE before this tyme the lorde chauncelor of Englond for the tyme beinge hath by reason of his office of the chauncelourship, the ndiacon and appointment of the custos rotulog within all and everie shire of this realme of Englonde Wales and other the Kingf dnions merches and territories of the same; and that in like manner all & e9y pson w<& hath had and enjoyed the saide office of I1) custos rotulog hath had untill nowe of late the ndiacon and appointment of the derke of the peace within such shires where he or they had & enjoyed the saide office of the custos rotulog; and where nowe of late di9se & sondrie psons within this realme beinge not learned nor yet mete ne able for lacke of knowledge & lerning to occupy and excise the saide offices of custos rotulog and of the clerkshipp of the peace, have of late yeres by labor 1

Custos rotnlo-ram in counties appointed b y the lord chancellor; and clerk of the peace by the custos}

grants of those offices obtained by insufficient

1 the O. The inrollment defaced.

{* It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 3. p. 984.), that the printed copies of the statutes of this year contain twenty-five chapters, but that only twenty-three of these are on the rdQ, and that the remaining two are printed in the Statutes of the Realm from the original Acts in the Parliament Office. It also appears that in such printed copies the numbers of the several chapters that are on the roll, (which numbers are adopted .in the Statutes of the Realm,) disagree with those on the roll except as to chapters 1-5.J

526

37 Hknky VIII. c. 1.

A.D. 1545.

custos rotulo-nm shall be appointed for each shire by bill signed by the King's hand, which shall be a warrant to the chancellor to issue the commission; daring the King's pleasure.

Custos may execute that office by himself or deputy.

n.

Clerk of the peace shall be appointed by the custos rotulorum, during good behaviour;

freindshipp and meanes atteyned and gotten for terme of their lives of the King? Majestie seVall graunt? by his Highnes ires patent? to them made of the saide clerkshippes of the peace; by reason whereof and for that the parties to whom the saide se9aU graunt? have bene so made & grannted have not bene sufficientlye lerned to excise and occnpie the same office and offices, many and sondrie indictment? aswell of felonye murder and other offences and mysdemeanors, and the pees awarded upon the same indictment?, have not only bene by reason thereof made derelie frustrate and voide, sometyme by reason of the negligent ingrossing and kepinge of the saide indictment?, and sometyme by reason of the imbeaselinge or rasnre of the same indictment?;

but also di9se and sundrie bargaynes and sales of di9se and [-----ie1] mannors

[----- -] had and made betwene partie and partie have bene

made frustrate and voyde for [la----- *] inrolment of the same

bargaynes and sales to be had and made by the clerk? of the peace

[-----] hindrance of justice & to the disinheritance of di9se of the

King? most loving subject?; For reformacon wherof and to thentent that justice may be the better hereafter pferred, and that the same [office6] maye hereafter be occupied and excised by suche psons lerned in the lawes of this realme as shalbe able to exercise and supplye the same; be it enacted by the Kinge our soveraigne lorde, withe thassent of the lordes spuaJl and temporall and of the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by auctorytie of the same, that noe pson or psons shall fromhensforth be noiated and appoynted to the saide office and offices of the custos rotulog within any shire of this realme of Englonde Wales and other the Kinges domynions merches or territories of the same, but suche as shall have a bill signed withe the Kinges hande for the same; w<& bill signed shalbe a sufficient warraunte by thauctority abovesaide to the saide lorde chauncelor of Englonde, and lorde keper of the great seale for the tyme beinge, to make from tyme to tyme comission and comissions assignynge and auctorisinge therby the same pson to be custos rotulog, untill the Kinge hath by an other bill assigned withe his ownne bands appoynted and ordeyned one other pson to have occupie and excise the same office of the custos rotulog; and that the saide pson appoynted and assigned to be custos rotulo£ as is above saide shall and maye occupie excise and enjoye the same office of the custos rotuloj by himselfe or by his sufficient deputy lerned in the lawes of this realme and mete and able to supplye the saide office accordinge to the tenor of the saide graunte or comission.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie of this psent Parliament, that everie custos rotulog for the tyme beinge shall at all tymes hereafter in e9y shire of this realme Wales and other the Kinges dnions merches and territories of the same, nolate electe appointe and assigne all and e9y peon and psons whiche hereafter shall be derkes of the peace within any of the saide shires of this realme of Englande Wales and other the King? dnions merches and territories of the same; and to give and graunte the same office and offices of the derkshipp of the peace, to suche able pson instructed in the lawes of this realme as shalbe able to excise and occupye the same, to holde and enjoye the same duringe the tyme that the saide custos rotulog shall occupye and

1 sondrie O. * lond? and tenement? O.

3 lacke of sufficient O. 4 to the greate 0.

6 offices 0.

The inrollment defaced.

A.D. 1545.

37 Henry VIII. c. 1.

527

elcise the saide office of custos rotuloji, so that the saide clerke demesne him in the saide office justly & honestly; and that it shalbe laufull to everie suche grauntees of the saide clerkshippe to occupye and enjoye the same office of the clerkshippe of the peace by himselfe or by his sufficient deputy instructed in the lawes of this realme, so that the same deputye be admitted taken & reputed by the saide custos rotulog to be sufficient and able to excise occupie kepe and enjoy the same office of the clerkshippe of the peace.

Provided alwaye and be it enacted by auctoritie abovesaide, that all suche as nowe have anye of the saide offices of custos rotulog or derkeshippe of the peace, by the Kinges ires patentf or comyssion to them made, shall and maye enjoye have and excise their saide offices by vertue of the same ires patentf or comyssion by themself or by their sufficient and able deputye instructed in

[-----lawes of this realme; any thinge in this present Acte had or made to

the cont^rie notwithstandinge.

Provided also and be it enacted by auctorytie abovesaide, that the arche-hisshoppe of Yorke, the bisshopp of Durham, the bisshoppe of Elye, and everie of their successors, and all and e9y suche pson & psons corporaams and body es corporated to whom the Kingf Majestie or any of his noble pgenitours by his or their ires patentf have gyven and graunted anye libertye and auctoritye, or otherwise have auctority by other laufull meanes or weyes, to ordeyne make and constitute any of the saide officers of custos rotulojt or clerke of the peace, within anye countie palentyne or other place, shall and may have and enjoye the same lifctye and auctority accordinge as they have had and enjoyed the same; any thinge in this psent Acte had or made to the contay notwithstonding.

STATUTES OF KING EDWARD THE SIXTH.

1 EDWARD VI. A.D. 1547.

STATUTES HADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Fourth Day of November, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of K EDWARD, VI.

<£jr ftototo ^parliament! tie Srato regm ftegtd ctJtoartri prime.

CHAPTER*!

An Acte against suche as shall unreverentlie speake against the Sacrament of the bodie and blonde of Christe comonlie called the Sacrament of the Altar, and for the receiving therof in bothe Kyndes. rTIHE Kingf moste excellent mynding the governaunce and order of his moste lovinge subgectf to be in moste pfitt unitie and concorde in all thingf and in especiall in the trewefaithe and religion of God, and wishing

and may appoint a deputy to be approved of by the said custos.

III. Proviso for existing patentees of the said offices.

IV. Proviso for archbishop of York and others entitled to appoint such officers in counties palatine, &c.

The King's anxiety for religions concord;

1 the O. The inrollment defaced.

528

1 Edwabd VI. c. 1.

A.D. 1547.

the mystery of the Sacrament of the Altar;

contempt of the said Sacrament;

persons contemptuously reviling the Sacrament shall be punished by Imprisonment and fine.

the same to be brought to passe wtk all demencye and mercye on his Highnes pte towardes them, as his moste pryncelie serenitie and Ma* hathe allredy declared by evydent prooff, to thintent that his moste lovinge subgectf provoked by clemency© and goodnes of their prynce and King shall studie rather for love then for feare to doo their dewties first to Allmightie God and then to his Highnes and the com on wealth©, nourisshing Concorde and love amonge them self?; yet considerethe and pceiveth that in a multitude all be not on that sort© that reason and the knowledge of their dewties can move them from offence, but many which had nede have some brydle of feare and that the same be men moste contentious and arrogant for the most pte or ellf most blynde and ignorant* by the meanes of which sorte of men manny thing? well and godlie instituted and to the. edificacon of manny be pverted and abused and turned to their owne and others greate. losse and hynder»unoe and sometyme to extreme destruction, the whiche dothe appeare in no thing more or soner then in matters of religion and in the great and highe misteryes therof as in the moste comfortable Sacrament of the bodye and bloude of our Savyor Jesu Christe comonlie called the Sacrament of the Altar and in Scripture the Supper and Table of the Lorde, the Comunion and ptaking of the bodie and bloude of Christe; which Sacrament was instituted of no lesse auctho* then of o* Savio* both God and man, when at his last Supper amongest his apostles he did take the breade into his hollie handes and did saye Take youe and eate this is my bodye which is given and broken for youe, and taking upp the chalice or cupp did give thanckf and saie This is my bloude of the Newe Testament which is shede for youe and for manny for the remissyon of synnes, that when so ever we shoulde do the same we shoulde do it in the remem-br*unce of him and to declare and sett fur the his deathe and moBte glorious passion [untill] his cominge, Of the which breade who so ever eateth or of the which cupp who so ever drynketh unworthelie eateth and drynketh condemnation and judgement to himself making no difference of the Lordes bodye; The institution of w^ Sacrament being ordeyned by Christe as is before saide and the saide wordes spoken of it here before rehearsed being of eternal infallible and undoubted trewthe, yet the saide Sacrament all this notw%tanding hath ben of late mervelouslie abused by such manner of men before rehearsed, who of wickydnes or ellf of ignoraunce and want of leaminge for certajpe abuses heretofore comitted of some in misusing therof have condempned in their hart? and speche the whole thing and oonthmptuouslie depraved dispised or reviled the same most holly and blessed Sacrament, and not onlie disputed and reasoned unreverentlie and ungodlie of that most high misterye, but also in their sermons preachings readings lectures comunicacons arguments talkes rymes songs playes or gests name or call it by such vile and unsemely wordes as Christian eares do abhorre to heare rehersed: Fob bbfobxacon wherof be it enacted by the Kings Highnes with thassent of the lordes spuall and temporall and of the comens in this pnt Pliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that what so ever psone or psons from and after the first daye of Maye nexte cominge shall deprave dispise or contempne the saide moste blessed Sacrament in contempte therof by any contemptuouse wordes or by anny wordes of depravinge dispisinge or reviling, or what psone or psons shall advisedlie in anny other wise contempne dispise or revile the saide moste

1 unto 0.

AJ). 1547.

1 Edward VI. c. 1.

529

blessed Sacrament oontrarie to theffect? and declaraeon aboves&ide; that then he or theie shall suffer imprisonement of his or their bodies and make fyne and rannsome at the King? will and pleasure.

And for full and effectuall execucon of the premises before devised or-deyned and enacted by this Acte, be it furthermore enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Pliament, that imediatlye after the first daie of Maie next cominge the justices of peaxe or three of them at the least wherof one of them to be of the quog in everie shiere of this realme and Wales and all other places within the King? dominions, shall have full power and auctoritie by vertue of this Act as well to take informacon and accusaron by the othes and depositions of twoo hable honnest and lefull parsones at the least, and after such accusac&n or informacon so had to enquire by the othes of xij men in everie of their foure quarter sessyons yerelie to be holden, of all and singuler such accusacons or informations to be had or made of anny of the offences aboveseid to be comitted or doon after the saide first daie of Maye within the lymitt? of their commission; and that upon everie such accusacon or informaSSn, the offendo* and offendo shall be enquired of and indited before the said justices of peaxe or three of them at the least as is aforesaid of the saide contempt? and offences by the verditt of xij honnest and indifferent men yf the matter of the saide accusacon and informacon shall seme to the saide jurie good and trewa

And it is also further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that the saide justices of peace or three of them at the least as is aforesaide before whome any such presentment information and accusacon shalbe made or taken as is aforesaide shall examyne the accuso" what other witnes were by and present at the tyme of doing and comitting of thoffence wherof the informacon accusacon and presentment shalbe made and how manny others then the accuso" have knowledge therof, and shall have [full*] power and authorise by their discretions to bynde by recognisance to be taken afore them aswell the saide accuso" as all suche other parsons whom the saide accuso" shall declare to have knowledge of the offences by them presented and informed, everye of them in five pounds to the King to appere before the saide justices of peace afore whom the offendo* or offendo" shall be tryed at the daye of the tryall and deliver*unce of suche Offendo".

n.

Justices of peace may take information of offenders, who shall be tried at quarter sessions.

m.

Examination of accusers, and binding them to appear.

And it is further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that the saide justices of IV. peaxe or three of them at the least as is aforesaide by vertewe of this Acte Sfendem^8* shall have full power and aucthoritie to make processe against everie parsone and parsons so indicted by twoo capias and an exigent and by capias utlaga aswell within the lymittf of their comissyon as into all other shieres and places of this realme Wales and other the King? dominions aswell within the liberties as withowt, and the same gcesse to be good and effectuall in the lawe to all intent? constructions and purposes; and uppon the apparaunce of any of proceeding on thoffendo" shall have full power and auctoritie by vertewe of this Acte and appe*" the remission of peaxe to determine the contempt? and offences aforesaide accordinge to the lawes of this realme and theffect? of this Acte: And that Bailing the saide justices of peaxe or three of them at the least as is aboves&ide shall offendc-have full power and auctoritie to lett anny suche psone or parsons so indicted

L L

1 0. omits.

530

1 Edward VI. c. 1.

A.D. 1547.

uppon sufficient sureties by their discretions to baill for their appar*unce to be tryed according to the tenO* forme and effecte of this Acte.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted that the saide justices of peaxe or three of them at the least, at their quarter sessions where any offendo1 or offends shalbe or stande indicted of anny of the contempt? or offences abovesaide,

v.

Writ from the justices to the bishop, to be

qu^er Prions shall directe and award one writt in the King? name to the bisshopp of the

on trial of offenders.

VL Limitation of proBecntion.

vn.

The accused may produce witnesses in defence.

VIIL Primitive mode of receiving the Sacrament;

the Sacrament shall be administered in both kinds, bread and wine, to the people:

After exhortations of the priest, the

diocesse where the saide offence or offences be supposed to be comitted or doon, willing and requiring the saide bisshopp to be in his owne parsone or by his chauncelor or other his sufficient deputie learned at the qrter sessions in the saide countie to be holden, when and where the saide offendo* shalbe-arraigned and tryed, appointing to them in the saide writt the daye and place of the saide arraignement, which writt shalbe of this fo*me: — Rex &c. Epo L. saltm Precipimus tibi qd tu cancellar tuus vel alius deputatus tuus sufficient eruditus sitis cum justiciar nris ad pacem in com nro B. confvand assignat apud D. tali die ad sessionem nram ad tunc et ibidem tenend ad dand consiliu et advisameni eisdem justiciar nris ad pacem super arranament et deliberacoem offendenc contra formam statuti concemen sacrosanctum Sacramentum Altaris.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that no parsone or psons shalbe indicted of anny the contempt? or offences abovesaide but onelie [of suche contempt? or offences as shalbe doon or ppetrated1] within three monethes next after the saide offence or offences so comitted or doon.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide that in all try all? for anny suche offendo18 before the saide justices as is aforesaide the psone or psons being compleyned on and arrayned shalbe admitted to pourge or trye his or their innocencye, by as manny or more witnesses in nombre and of as good honnestie and credence as the witnesses be which deposed against him or them or anny of them.

And forasmuche as it is more agreable bothe to the first institution of the saide Sacrament of the moste precious bodye and bloude of d* Savyo* Jesus Christe, and also more conformable to the comen use and practise bothe of thapostles and of the pimative Churche by the space of five hundred yeres and more after Christ? assention that the saide blessed Sacrament shoulde be ministred to all Christen people under bothe the kyndes of breade and wyne, [then2] under the forme of breade onelie; and also it is more agreable to the first institution of Christe and to thusage of thapostell? and the prim&tive Churche that the people being pnt shoulde receive the same wto the preist [then 2] that the priest should receive it alone; therfore be it enacted by our saide souvarigne lorde the King with the consent of the lordes spuall and temporal! and the comons in this pnt Plament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that the saide moste blessed Sacrament be hereafter comenlie delivered and ministred unto the people, within this Churche of Englande and Irelande and other the King? dominions, under bothe the kyndes, that is to saie of breade and wyne, excepte necessitie otherwise require: And allso that the preist which shall ministre the same shall at the least one day before exhorte all psons which shalbe present likewise to resorte and prepare themself? to receive the same, and when the daie prefixed comethe after a godlie

1 So in original Act: but these words seem superfluous.

than 0.

1 Edward VI. c. 1, 7.

531

exhortacon by the minister made, wherin shalbe further expressed the benefitt and comforte promised to them which worthelie receive the saide hoilie Sacrament, and daunger and indignac&n of God threatened to them w°h shall presume to receive the same unworthelie, to thende that everie man mayo trye and examyn his owne conscience before he shall receive the same, the saide minister shall not withowt laufull cawse denye the same to any parsone that wool devoutelie and humblie desire it, anny lawe statute ordenftnce or custome contrarie therunto in any wise notwithstanding; not condempninge hereby the usage of anny Churche owt of the Kingf Ma*8 dominions.

Sacrament shall not be denied.

Not condemn* mg the usage of other Churches.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte for the contynuaunce of Actions after the deathe of anny King of

this Realme.

V\J HERE the Kingf subgectf heretofore have to their greate costes charges and expences prosecuted and sued divers and sondrie actions aswell reail & psonall as all other actions mixte or otherwise in the Kingf Mato8 courtes and other courtes of recorde not onelie by writtf but allso by playnte or billf, which actions suitf billf and playntf by the deathe or demise of the Kingf of this realme have been discontynued and the pties in everie suche actions suite bill? and playnte therby have byn put withowt daye; wherby the demaundaunte playntife and acto in everie suche action and suite were compelled and driven by thordre of the lawes of this realme for their further remedye to comence and begynne againe his or their saide actions suite or playnte or elle to prosecute and sewe resomons attachemente scire facias or suche other like processe to revive his or theire saide actions suite or playnte, which was not onelie to their greate costes charges expences hynder*unce and delaye of their cawses and suite but allso a great lett and hynderaunce of justice: For reformation wherof be it ordeyned established and enacted by the Bang o' soveraigne lorde and the lordes and comons in this pnt Plament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that from hensfo'the by the deathe or demise of the Kinge Mate that now is (whose life Allmightie God longe preserve kepe and mayntayne in his moste royall estate) nor by the deathe or demise of anny that hereafter shalbe King of this realme, anny action suite bill or playnte now or that hereafter shall depends bitwene ptie and ptie in anny of the courtes aforesaid shall not in anny wise be discontynued or putt without daie; but that the processe plees demurrers and contynuances in everie action actions suite billf or pleyntf which now or that hereafter shall depende, shall stande good and effectuall and be prosecuted and sued fo'the in suche manner and fo'me and in the same estate condicion and order as yf the same King had lyved or continued in full life; the deathe or demyse hereafter of anny King of this realme notw^standing: And that all and all manner of judiciall processe that hereafter shalbe had or pursued, in the tyme of the reigne of anny other King [then1] reigned at the tyme of the p'suite of the originall or former processe, shalbe made in the name of the King that for the tyme shall reigne and be King of this realme, and that varyaunce touching

Evil of the discontinuance of actions by demise of the Crown t

Baits of parties shall not be discontinued by demise of the Crown.

Variance of the King's names, in process subsequent to the writ, shall not prejudice.

1 So in original Act* — than old printed copies*

L L 2

532

1 Edward VI. c. 7, 12.

A.D. 1547.

the same processe bitwene the names of the Kingf shall not be in anny wise materiall as conceminge anny defalte to be alledged or objected therfore.

i

III. And over that be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that

ablte n<>t anny demaundaunt or playntife in anny manner of action bill or suite

plaintiff's shall fortune to be made or created duke archebusshopp marques earie

icStyor viscount baron busshopp knight justice of the one benche or of thother or

titles. sergdhunt at lawe, depending the same action, bill or suite, yet that not-

wthstanding that no writt action or suite shall for suche cawse in anny wise be abatable or abated but shall remayne in lyke force goodnes and strengthe as the same was before; anny lawe or usage to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

jy And allso be it ordeynid and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that albeit

Preferment of anny parsone or parsons being justice of assise justice of gaole deliverey or raise? &c! shall justice of peace within anny of the Kingf dominions, or being in anny other not&tatetheir of the Kingf comissions what so ever, shall fortune to be made or created duke archebusshop marques earie viscounte baron busshopp knight justice of the one bench or of thother sergeaunt at lawe or shrief) yet that notwithstanding he and theie shall remayne justice and comissioner, and have full power and aucthoritie to execute the same in lyke manner and fo^e as he or theie might or ought to have doon before the same.

And be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that in all cases where anny parsone or parsons heretofore have byn or hereafter shalbe founde wise, &c. may giltye of anny manier of treasone murder manslaughter rape or other fellony ^gaim^feloM11 what so ever, for the which judgement of deathe shoulde or maye ensue, and reprieved by shalbe repryed to prysone withowt judgement at that tyme given against former justices. ^er or them so founde giltye, that those parsons that anny tyme hereafter shall by the Kingf ires patent^ be assigned justices to deliver the gaole where anny suche parsone or parsons founde giltie shall remayne, shall have foil power and aucthoritie to give judgement of deathe against suche parsone so founde giltye and repryed, as the same justices before whome suche parson or parsons was or were founde giltye might have doon yf their comission of gaole deliverye had remayned and contynued in full force and strengthe. New commis- And over that, that no manner of processe or suite made sued or had before EMfir any justices of assise gaole deliverye oyer and terminer justice of peace or discontinue any other of the Kingf comissioners shall ne in anny wise be discontynued by the smt, c. making and publishing of anny new comission or assosiacon, or by alteryng of the names of the justices of assise gaole deliverye oyer and terminer justices of peace or other the Kingf comissioners, but that the newe justices of assise gaole deliverye and of the peace and other comissioners maye procede in everie bihalfe as yf the old comissions and justices and comissioners had still remayned and contynued not altered.

COUmiBBlOO.

V.

Succeeding justices of

CHAPTER XII.

Principles of government and obedience in the prince and subjects:

An Acte for the Repeale of certaine Statutes conoeminge Treasons,

Felonyes, &c.

-VT O thinge being more godlie more sure more to be wisshed and desired ' betwixte a prynce the supreame hed and ruler and the suhgectf whose gouveraor and hed he is, then on the prynces pte great demencye and

A.D. 1547.

1 Edward VI. c. 12.

533

indulgencye, and rather to muche forgivenes and remission of his royall power and jost punishment, then exacte severitie and justice to be shewed, and on the subject? behalfe that theye shoulde obeye rather for love and for the necessitie and love of a kinge and prynce, then for feare of his streight and severe lawes; yet suche tymes at some tyme comethe in the comonwealthe that it is necessarie and expedient for the repressinge of the insolencye and unrulynes of men, and for the foreseing and provyding of remedyes against rebellyon insurrection, or suche mischief? as God sometyme with us displeased for 6* punishment dothe inflicte and laye uppon us, or the devill at Godds pmission to assaye the good and God? electe dothe sowe and sett among? us the which Allmightie God w^ his helpe and mans pollicye hath allwaies bene content and pleased to have stayed that sharper lawes as a harder brydle shoulde be made to staye those men and fact? that might ell? be occacon cause and aucthors of further inconvenyence; the which thing cawsed the prynce of most famous memorie Kinge Henry Theight father to o* saide soveraigne lorde the King, and other his Highnes progenitor, with thassent of the nobles and coraons at divers Plement? in theire severall tymes [holden*] to make and enacte certaine lawes and statutes which might seme and appere to men of exterior realmes and manny of the King? Mate subgect? verie streighte sore extreme and terrible, allthoughe theie were then when theye were made not w^Vwt greate consideration and pollicye moved and established and for the tyme to thadvoydaunce of further inconvenyence verie expedyent and necessarie; but as in tempest or winter one course and garment is convenyent, in cawlme or warme weather a more liberall rase or lighter garment bothe maye and ought to be followed arid used, so we have seen divers streight and sore lawes, made in one Plament the tyme so requiringe, in a more cawlme and quiet reigne of a nother prynce by like aucthoritie and Pliament repealed and taken awaie; the which moste highe demencye and royall example of his Mate moste noble progenitor, the King? Highnes, of his tender and godlie nature moste given to mercye and love of his subgect? willing to followe, and pceiving the hartie and syncere love that his moste lovinge subject? bothe the lordes and comons dothe beare unto his Highnes now in this his Majesties tendre age, willing allso to gratefie the same therfore, and myndinge further to provoke his saide subgect? with greate indulgencye and clemency© shewed on his Highnes bihalfe to more love and kyndnes towardes his Majestie (yf it maye be), and uppon trust that theie will not abuse the same, but rather be encouraged thereby more faithefullie and with more diligence (yf it maye be) and care for his Mate to serve his Highnes now in this his tender age, is contented and pleased that the severitie of certaine lawes here followinge be mitigated and remitted:...........

And allso be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all Actes of Plament and estatutes towchinge raencyoninge or in anny wise concemynge religion or opinyons, that is to saie aswell the Statute made in the [first1 2] yere of the reigne of the King? noble progenitor Kinge Richarde the Second, and the Statute made in the seconde yere of the reigne of King Henry the Fifthe, and

1 helde O.

2 fyrsfc 0. — fifth some modern printed copies. The Act 5 Ric. II. stat. 2. c. 5. was doubtless intended to be referred to: See Stat. 25 Hen. VIII, c, 14. § 2.

Occasional necessity of seyere laws;

and of their subsequent relaxation;

IL

All Acta respecting doctrine and matter of religion repealed; namely.

1 Edward VI. c. 12.

AJ). 1547.

5 R. n. st. 2. C.5;

2 h. y. st i.

c. 7;

25 H. vih. c. 14.

31 H. VHL c. 14.

34,35 n.vm.

C.1;

35 H. VHL c.5.

XVI.

Wife of person attainted, &c. of treason or felony shall have her dower.

xvn.

Saving of titles on attainders, &c.

the Statute allso made in the XXVth yere of the reigne of Kinge Henry Theight conceminge punishment and reformation of heretykes and lolardes, and everie provision therein conteyned, and the Statute made for the abolishment of diversitie of opinions in certaine artycles conceminge Christian religion comonlie called the Sixe Articles, made in the Plament begonne at Westmestre the xxvirp daie of Apryll in the xxxjth yere of the reigne of the moste noble and victorious prynce of moste famous memorie Kinge Henry Theight father to our saide moste drad soveraigne lorde the Kinge that now is, and allso the Acte of Ply ament and Statute made at the Plament begoonne at Westmestre the xvjth daye of Januarye in the xxxiijtb yere of the reigne of the saide late King Henry Theight and after that proroged unto the xxijtb daye of January© in the xxxiiij yere of the reigne of the saide late King Henry Theight, touchinge mentioninge or in anny wise conceminge bookes of the Old and Newe Testament in Englishe, and the pryntinge utteringe selling giving or delivering of bookes or writing^ and reteyninge of Englishe bookes or writings, and reading preaching teaching or expownding of Scripture or in anny wise touching mentionynge or conceminge anny of the same matters, and allso one other Statute made in the Plament holden at Westmestre in the XXXVth yere of the reigne of the saide late King Henry Theight, conceminge the qualification of the Statute of Sixe Articles, and all and everie other Acte or Actf of Plament conceminge doctryne [and*] matters of religion, and all and everie br'mnche artycle sentence and matter paynes and forfaitnres conteyned mentioned or in anny wise declared in anny of the same Actf of Pliament or estatutes, shall fromhensfurthe be repealed and utterlie voyde and of none effecte.


(*) And over that it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that albeit anny parsone or psons, of what estate condition or degree he or theye be, shall hereafter fortune to be attaynted convicted or owtlawed of anny treasone petite treasone misprision of treasone murder or fellonye what so ever, yet that notwithstanding everie woman that is or shall fortune to be wife of the parsone so attaynted convicted or owtlawed shall be endowable and inhabyled to demaunde have and enjoye her dower, in lyke manner and fo*me as thoughe her husbande had not byn attaynted convicted or owtlawed; anny statute lawe usage or custome to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

Savinge to all and everye other parsone and parsons bodies politike and corporate their heires and successor and to everie of them, other then to suche offendor or offendora as shalbe attaynted convicted or owtlawed, all suche right tytle interest entree leasses possession condition profitt comoditie and heredytamentf as theie or anny of them had, or shoulde or of right ought to have, before or at the tyme of the saide attayndo* conviction or utlagarye. * *

1 or O.

2 The following provisoes Jand others omitted herej are annexed to the origiuai Act in a separate schedule.

2 & 3 EDWARD VI. A.D. 1548.

A.D. 1548.

535

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BY Prorogation at Westminster, on the Fourth Day of November,

In the SECOND and THIRD Year of the Reign of K EDWARD, YI.

Kotuto ^parliament! He Stono regttf ftegte <£Htoartit Jfcjrtt, tfmmtJo et terrio. n

CHAPTER I.

An Acte for the Unyformytie of Service and Admymstracon of the Sacramentf throughout the Realme.

J HERE of longe tyme there hathe bene hadd, in this realme of England e and in Wales, di9se formes of coen prayer c5monlie called the §vice of the Churche, that is to saye, the use of Sa£, of Yorke, of Bangor and of Lyncolne; and besides the same nowe of late muche more di9se and sondrie fourmes & facions have bene used in the cathedrall and parishe churches of Englande and Wales, aswell concernynge the mattens or mornynge prayer and the evensong, as also conceminge the hollie Comunyon comonlie called the Masse, withe di9se and sondre rytes and ceremonyes conceminge the same, and in the admynistracon of other sacramentf of the Churche; and as the doers and executors of the saide rytes and ceremonyes, in other fourme then of late yeres they have bene used, were pleased therwithe, so other not usinge the same rytes and ceremonyes were therby greatlie offended; and albeit the Kingf Majestie, withe thadvise of his moste entirely beloved uncle the Lorde Protector and other of his Highnes counsell, hathe heretofore di9se tymes assayed to staye innovacons or newe rites conceminge the premisses, yet the same hathe not hadd suche good successe as his Highnes required in that behalfe; whereupon his Highnes by the most prudent advise aforesaide, beinge pleased to beare withe the frayltie and weknes of his subjectes in that behalfe, of his greate clemencye hath not bene onelie content to abstayne from punyshment of those that have offended in that behalf, for that his Highnes taketh that they did it of a good zeale, but also to the intent a unyforme quyett and godlie order shoulde be had conceminge the pmisses, hath ap-poynted tharchebisshopp of Canterburie, and certayne of the most learned and discrete bisshopps and other learned men of this realme, to consider and ponder the pmisses, and thereupon havinge aswell eye and respecte to the moste syncere and pure Christian religion taught by the Scripture, as to the usage bn the primatyve Churche, shoulde drawe and make one convenient and

p It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 4. p. 36.), that all the printed editions contain thirty-nine Acts of this session, but that only twenty-seven of these are on the roll, and that the remaining twelve are printed in the Statutes of the Realm from the original Acts preserved in the Parliament Office. It also appears that in all the printed editions the numbers of the several chapters that are on the roll, (which numbers are adopted in the Statutes of the Realm,) disagree with thu»c on the roll except as to chapters 1-4.1

Various forms of common prayer used in England and Wales:

The Book of Common Prayer after the use of the Church of England, prepared by the archbishop of Canterbury, bishops, &c. under the King's appointment:

536

2 & 3 Edwabd VI. c. 1.

A.D. 1548.

Approbation thereof by the lords and commons in Parliament;

former offences in using various forms of prayer pardoned.

All ministers shall celebrate divine service, &c. according to the said Book of Common Prayer.

II.

Penalty on ministers refusing to use the said Book of Common Prayer;

or wilfully using any other form of open prayer;

or preaching, &c. in derogation of the said

book;

mete order ryte and facyon of comen and open praier and admynistracon of the sacramentf, to be had and used in his Majesties realme of Englande and in Wales; the whiche at this tyme, by the ayde of the Holie Ghooste, with one uniforme agrement is of them concluded set for the and deli9ed to his Highnes, to his greate comforte and quietnes of mynde, in a booke entituled The Booke of the C5mon Prayer and admynistracon of the Sacramentf and other rightes and ceremonyes of the Churche after the use of the Chorche of Englande: Wherefore the lordes spuall and temporall and the oomons in this psent Parliament assembled, consideringe aswell the moste godlye travell of the Kinges Highnes of the Lorde Protector and other of his Highnes counsel], in gatheringe & collectinge the saide archebishopp bisshoppes and learned men togither, as the godlie prayers orders rites and ceremonyes in the saide booke mentioned, and the consideracons of olteringe those thinges whiche be altered, and reteyninge those thinges which be reteyned in the saide booke, but allso the honor of God and greate quietnes, by the grace of God shall ensue upon the one and uniforme ryte and order in suche comon prayer and rytes and extern ceremonies, to be used throughout England and in Wales at Callice and the marches of the same, doe give to his Highnes most hartie and lowly thanckes for the same, and humbly prayen that it maye be ordeyned and enacted by his Majestie withe the assent of the lordes and comons in this pnt Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that all and singuler pson and psons that have offended conceminge the pmisses, other then suche pson and psons as nowe be and remayne in wards in the Towre of London or in the Flete, maye be pardoned therof: And that all and singuler ministers in any cathedrall or parishe churche, or other place within this realme of Englande Wales Calyce and marches of the same or other the Kinges dnions, shall from and after the feast of Pentecoste next comynge be bounden to saye and use the matens evensonge celebracon of the Lordes Supper comonlye called the Masse and adminystracon of eche of the sacramentf, and all their coen and open prayer, in suche order and fourme as ys mentioned in the saide booke and none other or otherwise.

And albeit that the same be soe godlie and good that they give occacon to ev*y honeste and conformable man moste willinglie to enbrace them, yet lest anye obstinate pson, who willinglie woulde disturbs soe godlie order and quiett in this realme, shold not goe unpunyshed, that it maye also be ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that if any manner of pson vicar or other whatsoever minister, that ought or shoulde synge or saye comon prayer menconed in the saide booke, or mynister the sacramentf, shall after the saide feast of Pentecoste next comynge refuse to use the saide comon prayers, or to mynister the sacramentf, in suche cathedral! or parishe churche or other places as he shoulde use or mynister the same, in suche order and fourme as they be mencioned and sett for the in the saide booke, or shall use, wilfully and obstinatlie standinge in the same, any other ryte ceremonye order fourme or manner of masse openly or privilye, or mattens evensonge admynistracon of the sacramentf or other open prayer then ys mencioned and sett for the in the saide booke; open prayer in and throughout this Acte is ment that prayer whiche is for other to come unto or heare, either in c5men churches or private chappellf or oratories, comonlie called the Service of the Churche; or shall preache declare or speake any thinge in the derogation or depravinge of the

2 & 3 Edward VI. c 1.

537

saide booke or any thing therin conteyned, or of any parte thereof, and shalbe thereof laufullie convicted accordinge to the lawes of this realme, by verdite of twelve men or by his owne confession or by the notorious evidence of the facte, shall lose and forfeyte to the King? Highnes his heires and successors, for his firste offence, the pfytt of suche one of his spuall benefices or pmocons as it shall please the Kinges Highnes to assigne or appoynte comynge and arysinge in one hole yere next after his conviction; and also that the same pson soe convicted shall for the same offence suffer emprisonement by the space of sixe monethes without bayle or maynprise; and if any suche pson, ones convict of any offence conceminge the pmisses, shall after bis firste conviction eftsones offende and be therof in fourme aforesaide laufully con-victe, that then the same pson shall for his seconde offence suffer emprisonement by the space of one hole yere, and also shall therefore be deprived ipo facto of all his spuall pmocons; and that it shalbe laufull to all patrons donors and grauntees of all and singuler the same spuall pmocons to psent to the same any other hable clerke, in like manner and fourme as thoughe the partie so offendinge were dead: And that if anye suche pson or psons, after he shalbe twise convicted in fourme aforesaide, shall offende against anye of the pmisses the thirde tyme and shalbe thereof in fourme aforesaide laufullie convicted, that then the pson soe offendinge & convicted the thirde tyme shall suffer imprisone-inent duringe his lief: And if the pson that shall offende or be convicte in fourme aforesaide, conceminge anye of the pmisses, shall not be beneficed nor have anye spuall promocon, that then the same pson so offendinge & convicte shall for the firste offence suffer emprisonement duringe sixe monethes without bayle or maynprise; and if any suche pson not havinge anye spuall pmocon after his first conviction shall eftsones offende in any thinge conceminge the pmisses, and shall in fourme aforesaide be therof lawfullie convicted, that then the same psone shall for his seconde offence suffer emprisonement duringe his lief.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie above saide, that yf any pson or psons whatsoeV after the saide feaste of Penthecoste next cdmynge* shall in anye enterludes playes songes rymes, or by other open wordes, declare or speake anye thinge in the derogacon depravinge or dyspisinge of the same booke or of anye thinge therin conteyned or anye parte thereof, or shall by open facte deede or by open thretnyng? compeli or cause or otherwise pcure or mayntayne any pson vicar or other minister, in any cathedrall or parishe churche or in anye chappell or other place, to synge or saye any coen and open prayer, or to mynister any sacrament, otherwise or in any other manner or fourme then is mencioned in the saide booke, or that by any of the saide meanes shall unlaufullye interrupte or lett any pson vicar or other ministers in any cathedrall or parishe churche chappell or any other place to singe or saye coen and open prayer or to mynister the sacrament? or any of them in any suche manner and fourme as is mencioned in the saide booke, that then everie pson beinge thereof laufullie convicted in fourme abovesaide shall forfeyte to the Kinge our soveraigne lorde his heires and successors for the firste offence tenne pounds; and if any pson or psons, being ons convicte of any suche offence, eftsones offende againste any of the pmisses and shall in fourme aforesaide be thereof laufully convict, that then the same pson so offending and convict shall for the seconde offence forfeyt to the King our soveraigne lorde his heires and successors twentie pound?; and if anye

first offence, loss of profits of one benefice for a year, and imprisonment for six months; second offence, one year's imprisonment, and deprivation of all benefices;

third offence, imprisonment for life.

Penalty on persons not beneficed, imprisonment

III. Penalty on. other persons, by plays songs or words depraving or despising the said common prayer, or compelling or procuring the use of any other form, or interrupting any minister using the same;

first offence, £10;

second offence, £20;

538

2 & 3 Edward VL, c. 1.

A.D. 1548.

forfeiture of

goods, and imprisonment for life:

In default of payment of penalty on first offence, three months* imprisonment;

second offence, six months.

IV. Justices of assise may hear and determine offences.

V.

Bishops, &c. may join such justices of assise.

VI. Prayers in Latin, &c. may be read by learned

persons, and in the universities.

vn.

Psalms or prayers from

parsones, after he in fourme aforesaide shall have bene twise eonvicte of any offence conSnynge any of the pmisses, shall offende the thirde tyme and be thereof in fourme aforesaid laufullye eonvicte, that then eveiye pson soe offendinge and eonvicte shall for his thirde offence forfeit to our soveraigne lorde the Kinge all his goodes and cattails and shall suffer ymprisonement duringe his lief: And yf any pson or psons, that for his firste offence con-cerninge the pmisses shalbe eonvicte in fourme aforesaide, doe not paye the some to be payde by vertewe of his conviccon in suche manner and founne as the same ought to be payed, within sixe wekes next after his conviccon, that then everye pson so eonvicte and soe not payinge the same shall for the same firste offence, in stede of the saide tenne poundes, suffer ymprisonement by the space of three monethes, without bayle or mayneprise; and yf any pson or psons that for his seconde offence concemynge the pmisses shalbe eonvicte in fourme aforesaide doe not paye the some to be payde by vertue of his conviron in suche manner and fourme as the same ought to be payde, within sixe wekes next after his saide seconde convi con, that then everie pson soe eonvicte and not soe payinge the same shall for the same seconde offence, in stede of the saide twentie pound?, suffer ymprisonement duringe sixe monethes without bayle or mayne prise.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and everie jus tic? of oyer and determyner or justices of assise shall have full power and auctoritie, in everie of their open and geSall sessions, to enquire heare and determyne all and all manner of offences that shalbe comytted or done con-trarie to anye article conteyned in this psent Acte, within the lymit of the edmission to them directed, and to make pees for thexecucon of the same as they doe againste anye pson beinge endited before them of trespasse, or lawfullie convicted therof.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, that all ^tnd e9ye archebisshop and bisshopp shall or maye, at all tyme and tymes at his lifttie and pleasure, joyne and associate him selfe by vertue of this Acte to the saide justices of oyer and determyner or (*) the saide justic? of assise, at everie of the saide open and genfall sessions to be holden in any place within his dioces, for & to the inquirie hearing & de?myning of thoffencf aforesaide.

Provided alwaies that it shalbe laufull to anye man that understandeth the Greke Latten and Hebrewe tongue, or other straunge tongue, to saye and have the saide prayers heretofore spiffed of mattens and evensonge in Latten or anye suche other tongue, sayinge the same privatlie as they doe under-stande: And for the further encouraging of leamynge in the tongues in the Uni9sities of Cambridge and Oxforde to use and excise in their coen and open prayer in their chappells, beinge noe [parishes churches or other places of prayer, the mattens evensonge letanye and all other prayers, the holie CSmunyon coenlye called the Masse excepted, pscribed in the saide booke pscribed in Greke Latten or Hebrewe; anye thinge in this psent Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided also that it shalbe laufull for all men, aswell in churches chappells oratories or other places, to use openlye any psalme or prayer taken

1 to 0. 2 parishe O.

2 & 3 Edward VI. c. 1.

539

out of the Bible at anye due tyme, not lettinge or omyttinge therby the service or anye parte therof menconed in the saide booke.

Pbovided also and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the bookf conceminge the saide service shall, at the costf and charges of the parishoners of everie parishe & cathedrall churche, be attayned and gotten before the feaste of Penthecoste next followinge or before; and that all suche parishe and cathedrall churche or other placf, where the saide bookf shalbe attayned and gotten before the saide feast of Penthecoste, shall within thre wekf next after the saide book so attayned and gotten use the saide service and putt the same in ure accordinge to this Acte.

And be it further enacted by auctoritie aforesaide, that noe pson or psons shalbe at any tyme hereafter empeached or otherwise molested of or for anye of thoffences above mencioned hereafter to bee corny tted or done contrarie to this Acte, unlesse he or they soe offendinge be therof endyted at the nexte gefiall sessions to be holden before anye suche justices of oyer and determyner or justices of assise next after anye offence corny tted or done contrarie to the tenor of this Acte.

Pbovided alwaies and be it ordeyned and enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, that all & singuler lordes in the Parliament for the thirde offence above mencioned shalbe tried by their peeres. (x)

Provided also and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the mayor of London, and all other mayors baylifff and other hedd officers, of all and singuler citties borougbes and townes corporate within this realme Wales Calice and the marches of the same to the whiche justices of assise doe not comenlie repayre, shall have full power and auctoritie by vertue of this Acte to enquyre heare and determyne the offences above saide and everie of them, yerely within fyftene dayes after the feastf of Easter and S* Michaell Tharchangell, in like manner and fourme as justices of assise and oyer and determyner maye doe.

Provided alwaies and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie afore-sajde, that all & singuler archebisshoppes and bisshoppes, and everie of their chauncelors comissaries archedeacons and other ordinaries, havinge anye peculier eoctiasticall jurisdicon shall have full power and auctoritie by vertue of this Acte as well to enquire in their vysitacons and synodf, and els where within their jurisdicon at any other tyme or place to take accusaa3ns and informacons, of all and everie the thinges above mencioned, done comytted or ppetrate within the lymittf of their jurisdictions and auctoritie, and to punyshe the same by admonycion excomynicacon sequestracon or deprivacon and other censures and gcesse, in like forme as heretofore hathe bene used in like cases by the Kingf ecctiasticall lawes.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, that whatsoever parsone offendinge in the pmisses shall for the firste offence receyve punyshment of the ordinarie, havinge a testymoniall thereof under the saide ordynaries seale, shall not for the same offence eftsones be convented before the justices; and likewise receyvinge for the saide firste offence punyshment by the justice he shall not for the same offence eftsones receyve punyshment of the ordinarie; any thinge conteyned in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

1 as in cases of high*' treacone O. * truck throuyh with a pen.

the Bible allowed.

VIII. Prayer books shall be provided in parish and cathedral churches.

IX. Limitation of prosecution$ the first session after offence committed.

X.

Peers shall be tried by peers.

XL

Mayors, &c. of corporations may hear and determine offences.

xn.

Offences may be punished by ecclesiastical jurisdiction.

xra.

First offence punishable only once, either by spiritual or temporal courts, and not by both.

i

540

2 & 3 Edward VI. c. 8.

A.D. 1548.

CHAPTER YIIL

An Acte towchinge the findinge of Offices before the Escheator.

Mischief to lessees and copyholders, by inquisitions of escheators which they cannot traverse;

TTTHEARE manye and dy vers psons, holding© or that have holden landes " * tentes or hereditament? some for terme of yeres and some by copye of court© role, have bene expulsed and putt out of their termes and holdes, by reason of inquisicons or offices founden before exchetora comyssionere and other, conteyninge tenures of the Kinge in capite, entitling© the Kinge to the wardshippe or custodye of suche landes or tentes, and sometyme entytlinge the Kinge to the same uppon attayndors of treason fellonye or otherwyse,by reason that suche leases for terme of yeres or interest by copie of courte rolle of suche psons have not bene founde in suche inquisicons or offices; after whiche expulsion or puttinge out the saide psons have bene without remedye for the obteyninge of the saide fermes and holdes duringe the Kinges possession therin, and can have noe travers monstraunce de droit ne other remedye for the same, because their saide interest? is but a chattell in the lawe, or a

and to persons custumarie hold© and noe state of freeholde; and also where any pson or commons^&c. psons hath© anye rent coen office fee or other pfytt apprendre of an estate of freeholde or for yeres or otherwise out of suche landes or tent? specified in suche offices or inquisiams, the saide rente coen office fee or pfytte apprendre not founde in the same office or offices, suche psons are in lyke manner without remedye, to obteyne or have the saide rente coen oflyoe fee or pfytt apprendre by any travers or other speedy meane, without great and excesse charges On inquisitions, during© the King? in?est therin by force of suche inquisicon or offyce: For Xessees^copy- remedye whereof be it enacted by auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that holders or where anye suche offyce or inquisicon is or shalbe founden, omyttinge suche re^or com-Dg titles interest? or matters as is aforesaide, that in all suche cases everie lessee mon, &c. such tenante for terme of yeres or coppiholder, and everie suche pson or psons that shall enjoy have or shall have any interest to anye rente c6en pfytt apprendre for terme inter^I^t- yeres or otherwise out of any of the land? tent? or hereditament? withstanding conteyned in suche oflyoe or inquisicon, where the Kinge his heires or succes-such omission; BOrs yg or shalbe entitled as ys aforesaide to anye suche landes tent? or hereditament?, shall have houlde enjoye and pceyve all and everie their leases and interest? for terme of yeres or by copye of courte roll, rent? comons offices fees and pfytt apprendre, in suche manner forme state and condicon as they and everie of them shoulde or myghte have done, in case there had bene noe suche office or inquisicon founden; and as they shoulde or laufullye myght or ought to have done, in case suche lease interest by copye of courte role rente coen offyce fee or pfytt apprendre had bene founden in suche office or inquisicon; anye lawe custome or usage to the cont*rye heretofore used in suche cases in anywise notwithstanding©.


III. Traverse of office given on untrue finding of heirship, lunacy, death.

Also where one pson or more is or shalbe founden heire to the King? tenante, by office or inquisicon, where anye other pson is or shalbe heire; or yf one pson or moe be or shalbe founden heire by offyce or inquisicon in one countie, and an other pson or psons ys or shalbe founde heire to the same pson in an other countie; or yf any pson be or shall be untrulye founden lunatyke ideott or dead; be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, that everie pson and psons greved or to be greved by anye suche office or inquisicon

A.D. 1548.

2 & 3 Edwaed VI. c. 8.

541

shall and maye have his or their travers to the same, ymediatlye or after at his or their pleasure, and pceede to triall therin and have lyke remedye & advantage as in other cases of travers upon untrue inquisicons or offices founden; anye lawe usage or custome to the contrarie in anye wise not-withstandinge.

Also where it ys or shalbe hereafter untrulye founde by offyce or inqui-sicbn that any pson or psons, attaynted or that shalbe attaynted of treason fellonye or pmunire, ys or shalbe seised of any landes tent? or hereditament? at the tyme of suche treasone fellonye or offence comytted or done, or any tyme after, wherunto any other p3on or psons hathe or shall have any just title or interest of anye estate of freeholde, that then in everie suche case everie pson and psons greved therby shall have his or their travers or monstraunce de droit to the same, without being driven to anye petycon of righte; and like remedye and restitucon uppon his or their title founde or judged for him or them therin, as hathe bene accustomed and used in other cases of travers, althoughe the King? Majestie his heires or successors be or shalbe in suche case entytled to any suche landes tent? or hereditament? by double matter of recorde; anye lawe custome or usage to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

And ftirther be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that where anye inquisicon or office ys or shalbe founden by these wordes or lyke, qd de quo vel de quibj ten pdca tenent* juratores pdci ignorant, or els founden holden of the Kinge, p que ivicia ignorant, or suche lyke, that in suche case suche tenure so uncertenly founden, de quo vel de quibj pdicl tenentr ignorant shall not be taken for any ymediate tenure of the King, nor suche tenure soe founden of the Kinge p que Svicia ignorant, shall not be taken any tenure in capite; but in suche cases a melius inquirend to be awarded, as hath bene accustomed in olde tyme; any usage of latter tyme to the contPrie nofc-w^tandyng.

0) Provtded also and it is enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaide, that in all suche cases as any pson or psons shalbe enabled by this Acte to have anye travers, and shall pursue his or their travers, that then he or they that shall pursue suche travers shall sue one writt or severall writt? of scire facias as the case shall require againste all and singuler suche psons and pson as shall have interest by the Kinge or by his patentee or patentees, in like manner and fourme as ys requisite upon traverses or petycons heretofore pursued; and that in everie suche scire facias the patentees or other defendaunt? shall have like plees and advantage as they had in any scire facias before this tyme awarded againste anye patentee in any case of petycon: And also that upon everie travers that shalbe pursued by vertue or meane of this Acte, in suche case as the partie or parties that shall pursue any suche travers shoulde by thordre of the comen lawes of this realme have byne putt to sue by petyran to the Kinge, there shalbe two writt? of serche graunted, in manner and fourme as like writt? have bene graunted upon peticons made to the Kinge. 1

1 The following provisoes {and another omitted here] are annexed to the original Act in three separate schedules.

IV.

Traverse given on offices found on attainder, without petition of right; although the King be entitled by doable matter of record.

V.

Melius inquirendum, on offices where the tenure is uncertainly found.

IX.

On traverses under this Act, scire facias shall be sued against the parties interested;

two writs of search, on traverses,where at common law petition to the King is required.

542

2 & 3 Edwabd VI. c. 8, 13.

A.D. 154a

x.

Former rights saved to the King, after traverse and judgment thereon.

Provided also and it is enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that yf after anye judgment shalbe given upon any travers that shalbe tendyd or sued by vertue or meane of this Acte, it shall appear© by any mater of recorde that the Kinge hath any other former tytle right or invest to the mannors landes tent? or other heredytament? menconed * in the same travers, that then the same title right and interest shalbe saved to the Kinge; the saide travers and judgment thereupon given in anywise notwithstanding©.

Recital of Stats. 27 H. VIIL c. 20.

32 H. YIIL c. 7. respecting' tithes;

requiring amendment;

recited Acts confirmed.

Predial tithes shall be set out and paid according to the custom of forty years preceding.

Penalty on neglect to set out such tithes, treble value.

n.

Parson, &c. shall be allowed to view and take such tithes.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for the true payment of Tithes.

\\l HEARE in the Parliament holden at Westm the fourth daye of Februarye in the xxvijth yere of the raigne of the late Kinge of most famous memorie Kinge Henrie Theight, there was one Acte made conceminge payment of tythes pdiall and psonall; and allso in an other Parliament holden at Westm the xxiiijth daye of Julie in the two and thirtieth yere of the raigne of the saide late Kinge Henrie Theight, an other Acte was made conceminge true payment of tythes and offering?; in whiche se9all Act? manye and di?se thinges be omytted and lefte out, whiche were convenient and verie necessarie to be added to the same: In consideracon whereof and to thintent the sayde tythes maye be hereafter trulye payde according to the mynde of the makers of the saide Actes, be it ordeyned and enacted by the Kinge our soveraigne lorde withe thassent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that not onlye the saide Act? made in the saide xxvijth and xxxij01 yeres of the raigne of the saide late Kinge Henrye Theight, conceminge true payment of tithes, and everie article and braunche therin conteyned, shall abyde and stande in their full strenghe and vertue; but also be it further enacted by thauctoritie of this psent Parliament, that e9ye of the Kinges subject? shall from henceforth . trulye and justlye without fraud© or gyle devide sett out yelde and paye all manner of their pdiall tythes in their pper kynde as they rise and happen, in suche manner and forme as bene of right yelded and payde, within fowertye yeres next before the makinge of this Acte, as of righte or custom© ought to have bene payde; and that noe pson shall from henceforthe take or canrye awaye any suche or lyke tythes, wch have bene yelded or payde within the saide fourty yeres, or of right ought© to have bene payde in the place or placf tytheable of the same, before he hathe justly devided or sett for the for the tythe thereof the tenth parte of the same, or otherwise agreed for the same tythes withe the pson vicar or other owner pprietorie or fermor of the same tythes, under the payne of forfeyture of treble value of the tythes so taken or caryed awaye.

And be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that at (*) tymes whensoever and as often as the saide pdyall tythes shalbe due, and at the tythinge tyme of the same, yt to be laufull to everie partye to whome any of the saide tythes ought to be payde or his deputye or servaunte, to viewe and see their sayde tythes to be justly and trulye sett for the and severed from tljie nyne part?, and

A.D. 1548.

2 & 3 Edward YI. c. 13.

543

the same quietlye to take and carrye awaye; and yf any pson carrye awaye his corne or haye or his other pdiall tythes before the tythe thereof be sett for the, or willinglye withdrawe his tythes of the same or of suche other thingf whereof pdiall tythes ought to be payde, or doe stoppe or lett the parsonne vicar gprietorie owner or other their deputyes or fermors, to viewe take aod carrye awaye their tythes as ys abovesaide, by reason whereof the saide tythe or tenthe is lost impayred or hurte, that then upon due proofe thereof made before the spuall judge or any other judge to whome heretofore he myght have made complaynte, the partye so camenge awaye withdrawinge lettinge or stoppinge, shall paye the doble value of the tenthe or tythe soe taken loste withedrawen or carried awaye, over and besydes the costf charges and expences of the suyte in the same; the same to be recovered before the ecctiasticall judge accordinge to the Kinges ecctiasticall lawes.

And be it farther enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and everie pson whiche hathe or shall have any beastf or other cattell tytheable, goinge feadinge or depasturinge in any waste or comon grounde wherof the parishe ys not certenly knowen, shall paye their tythes for thincrease of the saide cattell so goinge in the saide waste or comon, to the pson vicar pprietorie porcyonarie owner or other their fermors or deputyes of the parishe hamlett towne or other place where the owner of the saide cattell inhabiteth or dwellethe.

Provided alwayes and be yt enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that noe pson shalbe sued or otherwise compelled to yelde give or paye any manner of tithes, for any mannors landes tentes or lieredytamentf w°h by the lawes and statutes of this realme, or by anye privyledge or pscripcon, are not chargeable withe the payment of any suche tithes, or that be discharged by any composicon reall.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all suche barren heathe and waste grounde, other then suche as be discharged for the payout of tythes by Acte of Parliament, whiche before this tyme have layen barren and payde noe tythes by reason of the same barrennes, and nowe be or hereafter shalbe emproved and converted into errable grounde or medowe shall from henceforthe after the ende and terme of seven yeres next after suche emprovement fullye ended and determyned, paye tythe for the come and haye growings upon the same; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye suche barren waste or heath grounde hathe before this tyme byne charged withe the payment of any tithes, and the same be hereafter emproved and converted into errable grounde or medowe, that then the owner or owners thereof shall duringe seven yeres nexte followinge from and after the same emprovement, paye suche kynde of tithe as was payde for the same before the saide ymprovementf; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

And be yt also further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that everie pson excisinge Schandizes fegayninge and sellinge clothinge handycrafte or other arte or facultye, beinge suche kynde of pson and in suche places as heretofore within this fourtye yeres have accustomablye used to paye suche psonall tithes, or of righte ought to paye, other then suche as bene c5mon daye laborers,

Penalty on carrying com, &c. before tithe set forth, or withdrawing tithe, &c. double value, recoverable, with costs, in spiritual courts.

m.

Owner of cattle, agisted on wastes in unknown parishes, shall pay tithe where he dwells.

IV. Proviso for lands exempt * from tithes, or discharged by composition real.

V.

Barren land improved shall not pay tithe for seven years.

VI.

Any tithe formerly paid for such barren land shall continue for the seven years.

vn.

Personal tithes shall be paid by merchants, &c. as within forty years preceding.

544*

2*& 3 Edward VI. c. 13.

A.D. 1548.

VI1L And also by handycraftmen.

IX.

Ordinary may examine cases of refusal to pay personal tithes;

except by the party's oath.

X.

Offerings shall be paid yearly at Easter, &c. where the party dwells.

XI. Towns on the sea coast shall pay tithes by fish as heretofore.

xir.

Proviso for customary payment of tithes by houses in London, &c.

xm.

Suits for subtraction of tithes shall be in spiritual courts only.

shall yerely at or before the feaste of Easter, paye for his psonall tithes the tenthe parte of his clere gaynes, his charges and expenses accordinge to his estate condiom or degree to be therein abated allowed and deducted.

Provyded alwayes and be it enacted, that in all suche placf where handy-crafte men have used to paye their tythes within theis fourtie yeres, the same custome or payment of tithes to be observed and to contynue; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that if any pson refuse to paye his psonall tythes in forme aforesaide, that then it shalbe laufull to the ordinarie of the same dioces where the partie that soe oughte to paye the sayde tythes ys dwellinge, to call the same partie before him and by his discrecon to examyne him by all laufull and reasonable meanes, other then by the parties owne corporall othe, concerninge the true payment of the saide psonall tithes.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctorytie aforesaide, that all and e$ye pson and psons whiche by the lawes or customes of this realme ought to make or paye their offering?, shall yerely from henceforthe well and trulye content and paye his or their offering? to the pson vicar pprietorie or their deputyes or fermors of the parishe or parishes where yt shall fortune or happen [hem*] or them to dwell or abyde; and that at suche fower offeringe dayes as at any tyme heretofore within the space of fower yeres laste past bathe byne used and accustomed for the payment of the same; and in de-faulte thereof to paye for their saide offering? at Easter then nexte followinge.

Provided also and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned shall not extende to anye parishe whiche standee uppon and towardes the sea cost?, the comodities and occupyinge whereof consisteth chieflye in fysshinge, and have by reason thereof used to satisfie their tithes by fyshe; but that all and everie suche parishe and parishes shall hereafter paye their tythes accordinge to the laudable customes as they have heretofore of auncyent tyme within theis fourtie yeres used and accustomed, and shall paye their offering? as is aforesaide.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned shall not extende in any wise to the inha-bitaunt? of the cittie of London & Canterburie and the suburbes of the same, ne to anye other towne or place that hathe used to paye their tithes by their houses, otherwise then they oughte or shoulde have done before the makinge of this Acte; any thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrarie in anywise notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, that yf anye pson doe subtracts or witbdrawe any manner of tithes obvencons pfytt? comodotiea or other dutyes before mencioned or any parte of them, contrarie to the true meanings of this Acte or of any other Acte heretofore made, that then the partie so subtractinge or withdrawinge the same, maye or shalbe oonvented and sued in the King? ecctiasticall corte by the partie from whom the same shalbe substracted or withdrawen, to tbintent the Kinges judge ecctiasticall shall and maye then and there heare and determyne the same accordinge to the King? ecctiasticall lawes: And that yt shall not be laufull unto the parsone vicar pprietorie owner or other their fermors or deputyes, contrarie to this Acte to convent or sue suche witholder of tithes obvencons or other

A.D. 1548. 2 & 3 Edward VI. c. 13, *20. 545

duetyes aforesaide before any other jadge then ecciiasticall: And yf anye archebisshopp bisshoppe channcelor or other judge ecciiasticall gyve anye sentence in the foresaide causes of tithes obvencons pfittf emolument? and other dutyes aforesaide or in anye of them, and noe appeale ne phibicon hanginge the partie condempned doe not obey the saide sentence, that then it shalbe lefull to e9ye suche judge ecciiasticall to excomunycate the saide partie so as afore condempned and dysobeyinge, in the which sentence of excoic&con, yf the sayde partie excoicate willfullye stande and endure still excoicate by the space of fourtie dayes nexte after, upon denunciacSn and publicacon thereof in the parishe churche of the place or parishe where the partie soe excoicate is dwellinge or most abydinge, the saide judge ecciiasticall maye then at his pleasure signifye to the Kinge into his Corte of Chauncerie of the estate and condicon of the saide partie so excoicate, and thereuppon to require pcesse de excoicato capiend to be awarded agaynste everie suche pson as hathe bene so excoicate.

a

Provtded alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this

Acte or any thinge therin conteyned shall not extends to giye anye minister or judge ecciiasticall anye jurisdicon to holde plee of anye matter cause or thinge, being contrarie or repugnaunte to or againste the effects intent or meanynge of the Statute of Westm seconde, the fyfte chapter; the Estatut? of Articuli deri; Circumspecte agatis; Silva sedua; the Treatise de regia phibicoe; ne againste Thestatute of anno primo Edwardi ?cii the tenthe chapiter or any of them; ne yet to holde plee in any matter whereof the Kinges corte of righte oughte to have jurisdicon; any thinge herein conteyned to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding

# e * « #

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte for the qualyfienge of the Statute of Recusantes.

"YYTHEARE in the Parliament holden upon progacon at Westm * daye of November in the xxvjtk yere of the raigne of

the thirde the moste

excellent prince Kinge Henrye Theight father to our soveraigne lorde the King? Majestie that nowe ys, among? other thing? concernynge the payment of one annuall pencon of the tenth parte of all possessions of the Churche spuall and temporall graunted to the Kinges Highnes and his heires, yt was enacted ordeyned and established that everie ecciiasticall pson and other havinge any ecctiasticall pmocion or dignytie specified in the saide Acte, whiche did not dulye paye the saide tenthe parte, and by reason thereof were certyfied by the archebisshopp bysshopp or other auctorized in the saide Acte, shoulde upon suche certyficate made accordinge to the tenor of the saide Acte, be judged deprived ipo fco of all suche dignyties and pmoaSns spuall that anye suche incumbent making suche defaulte had at the tyme of any suche certyficate made or at anye tyme after; as by the saide Acte more playnely may appeare: Farasmuche as the payne lymited in the saide statute in Buche fourme and manner as in the same is expssed, ys verie sore and dangerous unto all the

M M

Excommunication of party condemned;

and significant thereon into Chancery after forty days contumacy.

XV. Spiritual judges shall not hold plea contrary to Stats.

13 Ed. I. st. 1. c. 5.

9 Ed. II. st 1. c. 1,2, 5.

Circ. Agatis 13 E. I.

Sylva cffidua 45 E. III. c. 3. &c.

1 Ed. ID. c. 10.

Recital of Stat. 26 H. VUL c.3. §15. imposing deprivation of all dignities on failure of the payment of the tenth to the King of any one;

such penalty excessive;

546

2 & 3 Edwabd YL c. 20.

AJX'1548.

penalty for default of payment of tenths shall he forfeiture of the benefice out of which the same is due, and nothing further.

Recited Act 26 H. VIII. c. 3. confirmed in all other particulars.

King? faythfull and obedient subject? of the clergie; whereof di$se sythe the makinge of the saide statute entendinge none otherwise then moste willingly and withe good harte, that payment shoulde be made of the saide tenthes by them due without fraude or delaye, to suche officers and at suche tyme as by the saide statute ys appoynted and declared, by the defaulte and nedigenoe of their farmors and other whom they have trusted to make payment thereof and by di9se other synistre meanes beinge certyfyed or makinge defaulte of payment, have incurred the payne and daunger of the saide statute, withe the losse & deprivations of all spuall gmocons whereof they were then incumbent?, beinge also made unable to take any other, to the utter undoinge of suche psons, and the like pill and daunger of many other the King? most humble and faythfull subject? of the clergie, against whom the lyke thing? may be practysed and attempted hereafter: For the moderation of whiche payne, and to thend that the King? Majestie our soveraigne lord that nowe is and his heires and successors maye be trulye answeared and satissfyed of the saide yerelye pencon or annual rent of the tenthe parte, unyted and knytt to his imperiall crowne in manner and fourme as in the saide Acte is conteyned, the King? saide faithful! and most obedient subject? the cleigie of this his realme doe moste humblie beseech his Majestie that yt maye be enacted and established by his Highnes the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by th&uctoritie of the same, that yf any sdme of the saide anuall pencon, beinge once due and demaunded aocordinge to the manner and fourme specified in the saide Acte, be not trulye contented and payde unto suche archebisshoppe or bisshopp or their ministers and officers or to suche other pson or psons or their ministers or fvantes as shall have the chardge of collection thereof, everie yere yerely at the tyme in the saide Acte expssed, and thereupon certificate made into the King? Majesties Courte of Fyrste Fruytes and Tenthes in writinge under the seales of anye archebys-shopp or bisshopp, of suche as be lymitted and cbardged to the collection of the saide pencon by the saide former Acte, then everie incumbent so makinge defaulte and Styfied shalbe adjudged deprived ipo fco of that onelye dignity© benefice or other ecctiasticall gmocon, by what name soever it be called, wherof suche Styficate shalbe made: So that suche dignitie benefice or other ecctiasticall gmocon, wherof any incumbent makinge suche defaulte of payment shall be adjudged deprived as ys before saide, shalbe clerely voyde distitute of incumbent in the lawe to all intent? and purposes as yf suche incumbent makinge suche defaulte (*) were deade in dede. And that noe incumbent makinge suche defaulte of payment shalbe therefore made unhable to take or enjoye any other benefice or gmoSSn spirituall, or incurre anye penaltye forfeyture or losse to be payed by them their executors or assignes for the same defaulte, other then in this psent Acte ys herebefore expsed: Any thing© in the said former Acte or any other statut? or Act? conteyned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes that the saide former Acte concernynge the payment of the saide yerely rent and pension, amountinge to the tenthe parte of everie suche dignitye benefice or gmocon spuall, and everie other Acte touchinge the same, and all artycles clauses and sentenc? in them or any of them mencyoned

AJ>. 1548.

2 & 3 Edwabd VI. c. 20, 23.

547

exposed or conteyned, nowe beinge in his or their force and effecte, other then gache as by this psent Acte be alreadye qualyfied or moderated, shall stands and abyde in all his or their full strenghe effecte and vertue: Any thinge in this psent Acte conteyned notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for the repeale of a Statute towchinge pcontractf.

WHEREAS in the xxxijti1 yere of the raigne of the late Kinge of famous Becital ofSut. memorie Kinge Henrie Theight, because that many inconvenience had £f88. chaunced in this realme by breakinge and dissolvinge of good and laufull *e diwoiution marriage, yea whereupon also sometyme yssue and children had followed, under the colour and ptence of a former contract* made withe an other, the n"der P1*.

_ r of pre-contract

whiche contract© diva© tymes was but verie slenderli© pved, and often but not consum-

surmysed by th© malice of the parti© who disired to be dissolved from the mated5 marriage whiche Q) lyked not and to be copuled withe an other, there was an Acte made that all and everie suche marriage as within the Churche of Englonde shoulde be contracted and solempnized in the face of the Churche and consumate withe bodilye knowledge or fruyte of children or childe beinge had betwene the parties so married, shoulde be by the auctoritye of the saide Parliament demed judged and taken to be laufull good juste and indissoluble, notwithstandinge any ^contract© or pcontractf of matrymonye, not consumate withe bodylie knowledge, whiche either of the psons so married or bothe had made withe any other pson or psons before the time of contracting© that marriage whiche ys solempnized or consumated or whereof auche fruite ys ensued or maye ensue, as by the same Acte more playnly m&ye appeare: Sithe the tyme of the whiche Acte, althoughe the same was godly meat, the unrulynes of men hathe ungodlye abused the same and 9

di9se inconvenience intollerable in manner to Christian eares and eyes followed thereupon, women and men breaking their own© pmyses and faythes made by the one unto the other, so sett upon sensualitie and pleasure, that yf after the contract© of matrymonye they might have whom they more favored and desyred they coulde be contented by lightnes of their nature to overturn© all that they had done afore, and not afearde in manner even from the verie churche doore and marriage feaste, the man to take an other spowse and the espowse to take an other husb&nde, more for bodylie lust? and camall knowledge then for suertye of faythe and truethe, or havinge Qod in their good remembrance contempnynge manye tymes also the comaundment of the eoctiasticall judge forbyddinge the parties havinge made the contract© to attempt© or doe any thing in pjudyce of the same; be it therefore enacted recited Act by the Kinges Highnes the lordes spuall and temporall and the c5mons in this psent Parliament assembled, that as concerninge pcontractf the said© former the

Estatute shall from the fyrste daye of Male next odmynge ceasse be repealed ^ decide, and of noe force or effecte, and be reduced to the state and ordre of the Kinges &c* ecctiastic&ll lawes of this realme, whiche ymediatlye before the making of the said Estatute in this case were used in this realme; so that from the

1they 0.

MX 2

548

2 & 3 Edwabd VI. c. 23, 25.

A.D. 1548.

ii.

Proviso for marriages had before this Act.

m.

Recited Act 32 H. VHJ. c.38. confirmed in all other respects.

Custom in some counties to keep county courts only from six weeks to six weeks:

All county courts shall be held every month in every shire.

saide firsfce daye of Maie, when any cause or .contracte of marriage is ptended to have bene made, it shalbe laufull to the King? ecctiasticall judge of that place to heare and exarnyne the saide cause, and having the saide contracte sufficiently and laufully gved before him, to give sentence for matrymonye comanding solempnizacon cohabitacon consumacon and tractacon as becometh man and wyef to have; withe inflictinge all suche paynes upon the disobedient? and disturbers thereof, as in tymes past before the saide statute, the King? ecctiasticall judge by the King? ecctiasticall lawes ought and might have done yf the saide statute had never bene made; any clause article or sentence in the said statute to the contrarie in any wise notwith-standinge.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, that this Acte doe not extende to disanull dissolve or breake any marriage, that hathe or shalbe solempnizated and consumated before the saide firste daie of Maie next ensuynge, by title or color of any pcontracte; but that they be and be demed of lyke force and effecte to all intent? construccons and purposes as yf this Acte had never bene had ne made; any thinge in this psent Acte notwithstandinge.

Provided also that this Acte doe not extende to make good any of the other causes to the dissolucon or disanullinge of matrimony© whiche be in the saide Acte spoken of and disanulled, but that in all other # causes and other thingf there mencioned, the saide former Acte of the xxxii^ yere of the late Kinge of famous memorie doe stande and remayne in his full strenghe and power; any thinge in this Acte notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Acte for the kepinge of Countie Dayes.

YjLT HEARE heretofore the most parte in all the shiers and counties within this realme, the countye courte ys and hathe be usuallye kepte and holden from monetbe to moneth, and so at everie monethes ende one countye; yet albeit in some countries though not many, the saide countye court? are holden from sixe wekes to sixe wekes, by force whereof the officers awarde out pcesse aswell for the Einge as gcesse of the peace out of the King? Benche, as also other comon pcesse betwixte partie and partie; and the attornes and solicitors whoe sue the same (not knowinge the private custome of these pticuler shires whiche have and use their counties to be holden everie sixe wekes,) give their gcesse lyke retome as in those shires whiche have comon custome to holde and kepe countye cortes everie monethe; whereby the Kinges suytes be not only deferred, the playntifff and demaundantf delayed of their laufull action and demaundf, but also the saide playntifff and de-maundauntf therby put to doble costa and charge, to the greate ignomynye and slaunder of the lawe, encorraginge of the offendors and transgressors, and to the contynuall ympoverishinge of all those who have cause of sute: In consideracon whereof be it enacted by the Kinge our soveraigne lorde, the lordes spuall and temporall and the c5mons of this psent Parliament assembled and by tbauctoritie of the same, that from and after the fyrste daye of October next ensuynge this psent session of Parliament, noe countie oorte or cortes hereafter to be kepte within this realme shalbe longer deferred but

A.D. 1548.

2 & 3 Edward VI. & 25.

549

one monethe from courts to oourte, and so the saide courtf from tbensforthe ghalbe kepte e9ye monethe and none otherwise: Any usage custome statute or lawe heretofore had or made to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

3 & 4. EDWARD VI. A.D. 154.9-50.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BY PROROGATION AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE FOURTH DAY OF NOVEMBER, (*)

In the THIRD and FOURTH Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD, VI.

ftottito tie 3fraio refliit ftegtg ctmrartit

«#fjrtt, Cfrtto "t <&oarto. 1*1

CHAPTER III.

An Acte concern inge the ymprovement of Comons and Waste Groundes.

"WHERE in the Parliament holden at Marton in the twentith yere of Recital of the raigne of Einge Henrie the Thirde, it ys conteyned, that for because many greate men of Englande whiche had enfeoffed knyghtf and as to improving other their free tenmtes of [smale *] tentes in their great mannors, did complayne that they might not make their gfyttf of the residue of their common of mannors, as of waste woodf and pastures, where the same feoffees had pasture' sufficient pasture as muche as belonged unto their tentf; it was gvyded and graunted that whatsoever psons soe enfeoffed, brought assise of novell disseison of their cdmon of pasture, and before the justice it were recognized that they had asmuche pasture as did suffice unto their tentf, and that they had free ingresse and egresse into and from their tentes unto their pasture, that then they sholde therwithe be contented, and that they upon whom they had complayned shoulde departe quyte, withe that that they might make their pfytt of their Jandf wastf woodes and pastures; and yf it were saide that they had not sufficient pasture or suffyeient ingresse and egresse, as muche as dothe belonge unto their teiitf, as ys abovesaide, that then the trueth thereof shoulde be enquired by assise, and yf it were recognized by thassise that their ingresse and egresse were in any thinge letted by the same deforciators, or that they had not sufficient pasture and sufficient ingresse and egresse as is abovesaide, that then they shoulde recover their seison by vewe of the jurors, so that by the discrecon and othe of them the complaynantf sholde have sufficient pasture and sufficient ingresse and

1 and continued until the first day of February next after printed copies.

Ja It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (rolume 4. p. 99.), that all the printed collections contain twenty-four chapters, but that only fourteen of these are on the roll, and that the remaining ten are printed in the Statutes of the Realm from the originals in the Parliament Office. It also appears that in the printed collections the numbers of the several chapters that are on the roll, (which numbers are adopted in the Statutes of the Realm,) disagree, after chapter 10., with those on the roll.]

2 small 0.

550

3 & 4 Edward VI. c. 3.

AJ>. 1549-50.

recital of St We8tm. 2. 13 £. I. st. 1. c. 46. extending the power of approvement by lords of manors, &c.

The said recited Acts confirmed.

n.

Treble damages given to

egresse in fourme aforesaide, and that the disseisors sholde be in amercya-ment of the Kinge, and sholde yelde damages as they were wonte to doc before the same gvysion; and yf it were recognized by the assise that the complaynantf had suffycient pasture, withe free ingresse and egresse as ys abovemencioned, that then the other might laufullye doe their gfytt of the residue, and sholde goe quyte from the same assise; as in the saide estatute more playnelie appeareth: And where also in the Parliament holden at Westm after Easter the thirtenthe yere of the raigne of Kinge Edwarde the Fyrste, it was ordeyned, that where in the Statute made at Merton, yt was agreed that lordes of wastf woodf and pastures might approve them selfes of their wastf woodf and pastures, notwithstandinge the gaynesayinge and contradiction of their tenantes, whiles the same tenantf had sufficient pasture to their tentf, withe fre ingresse and egresse into and from the same, and for that noe mention was made betwene neighbor and neighbor manye lorda of wastf woodf and pastures unto that tyme were lett by cont^diccon or gaynsayinge of neighbors havinge sufficient pasture: And forasmucbe as forren tenantes have noe greater righte of comonynge in the wood waste or pasture of any lorde then the gper tenantes of the same lorde, it was from thensforthe ordeyned that the saide statute gvyded at Merton betwene the lorde and his tenantf sholde have place from thensforthe betwene the lordes of wastf woodf and pasture and neighbors, savinge sufficient pasture to their men and neighbors; so that the lordes of the same waste wastf woodf and pastures maye approve them selfes of the residue; and that the same sholde be observed of them that clayme pasture as pteyninge to their tenantes; but yf anye man clayme comon of pasture by spiall feoffament or graunte, to & certen nombre of beastf, or otherwise then of c5mon of right he ought to have it, where covenante doth abrogate the lawe, he shall have suche reooverie as he oughte to have by fourme of the graunte to him made; and that by occacon of a winde mill shepe house dairy augmentation or increase of anye courtf necessarie or curtilage, fromthensforth noe man sholde be greived by assise of novell dysseison of comon of pasture; and forasmuche as it happenethe some-tyme that some men havinge right to approve to him selfe hathe made or levyed a ditche or a hedge, and other, by nyghte or suche other tyme when they beleve their dede sholde not be too wen, doe or will cast downe the same ditche or hedge, and that it cannot be knowen by verdicte of assise or jurie who did caste downe the same dytche or hedge, nor the men of the nexte townes will endyte them that be gyltye of the same deedes, then the nexte towneshippes adjoyninge aboute the same sbalbe distreyned to levye or make upp the same dytche or hedge at their gper costes, and to yelde damagf: as in the saide estatute amongest other thinges more playnelye appeareth: And forasmuche as the aforesaide estatutf byne thought beneficiall for the comon wealth of this readme of Englande; be it enacted by the Kinge our soveraigne lorde with thassent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the auctoritye of the same, that all and everie the saide statutf and all braunches clauses artycles sentencf matters and poyntf conteyned and specyfied in them and everie of them nowe not repealed, shall from hensforthe be good and effectuall; and also to stande and be in their full strenghe force and effecte.

And because that suche psons as shall bringe assise of novell disseison upon the saide estatutes, or uppon anye of them, shall by force of the same estatutf

551

3 & 4 Edward VI. c. 3, 4.

recover but onelye single damage, whiche ys thought to be a [smale *] recom- persons reco-pence for the same; therefore be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all suche pson and psons as shall at any tyme hereafter bringe assise upon recited Acts, anye braunche or artycle of the saide estatutf, or anye of them, and have judgment to recover, shall have his or their damage trebyled by the judgement of the cort where suche assise and judgment shalbe had.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte concerning© graunte and gyfte made by Patentees out of Letters

Patente.

\\f JtLEARE the right noble and famous Kinge of full worthie memorie

"' Kinge Henrie Theight, father to our most dread and nowe naturall soveraigne leege lorde, sithence the fourthe daye of Februarie in the seaven and twentith yere of his late raigne, and also the Kinges most excellent Majestie, by their se^all Ires patentf have given graunted bargayned solde and eschaunged, *to and withe di9se and sondrie the subject^ of this realme bodyes politique and corporate, in fee simple fee tayle for terme of lyef or yeres, divers honors castells mannors landf tefitf and other heredytamentf and offices; after and synce whiche grauntes bargaynes sales and exchaungf d$se of the saide patentees, their heires successors or assignes, have bargayned solde gyven exchaunged or demysed di9se pticuler partf parcellf or porcons of the saide honnors castellf mannors landes tentf heredytamentf and offices or other thingf thereunto apperteyninge or belonginge to other pson or psons bodies politiq, and corporate, that ys to saye, to some of them in fee symple, to some others in fee taile for terme of lyef or yeres or otherwise; and after, the same patentees for consideracons them movinge have surrendred and given up their saide Ires patentf into the Cbauncerie, or otherwise the same Ires patentf have bene forfeyted by attainder, lost cancelled ymbesiled, or by other wayes or meanes have comen to the handes of the Kingf Majestie his late father, and thereuppon oftetymes thenrolment of the same hathe bene made voyde and frustrate sometyme in parte and some tyme in the hole; by reason wherof suche psons bodyes politique or corporate as have had interest or tytle in or' to the same castellf mannors or pticuler porcons or parcellf of the same, so to them given and gr*unted, have byne in tyme past and in tyme to come are lyke to be disherited or in danger of losse of their interest in or to the same, to their noe little hyndraunce and pill: For remedy© whereof be it ordeyned established and enacted by thauctoritie of this psent Parliament, that all and everie pson or psons bodyes politique or corporate, whiche laufully shall or maye clayme by force of anye patent or patentf made sithence the saide fourth daye of Februarie, or hereafter to be made by the Kinges Majestie his heires or successors Kinges of this realme or by anye of them, and all other that nowe have or hereafter shall happen to have any good or laufull estate right title rente pfytt interest or possession of in to or out of anye honors mannors landf tentf hereditament^ or offyces, or of other thingf to anye of the pmisses apperteyninge or belonginge, or to anye parte parcell or membre of them or

1 small 0,

Grants of lands, &c. by letters patent of H. VIII. and Edw. VI. since 4 February

27 Hen. VIII.

Sales of parts of such lands by the patentees;

surrender or forfeiture, Ac. of the original letters patents, endangering the estate of the parties under such sales;

persons claiming lands, Ac. by force of the King's letters patents, or under the patentees, may make title by exemplification or constat of the inrollment of such letters patent, which shall be as valid as the original patents.

552

§ & 4 Edward VI. c. 4, 8.

A.D. 1549-50.

anye of them, by from or under anye suche patentee or patentees or anye of them, or by from or under the heires successors or assignes of them or of anye of them, or by from or under the estate of any others whiche hadd have or hereafter shall have thestate tytle or interest of anye suche patentee or patentees, or by. any other meanes under the date of suche Ires patent?, shall and maye at all tymes hereafter, in anye the King? court? his heires or successors and ell? where by vertue of this psent Acte, make and convey unto him selfe tytle, by waye of declaracon playnte avowiye title barre or otherwise, aswell againste the Kinges Highnes his heires and successors and everie of them, as againste anye other pson or psons, unto the saide honors castellf mannors landes tent? offices and other the pmisses or any parte or parcell of the same, unto them or any of their predecessors or auncestors or other whose estate they have in the same, by from or under the saide patentees or any of them or theires auncestors or assignees of any of them, or otherwise under the date of the saide ires patent?, comprised and conteyned in anye exemplificaain or constat thereof, made or to be made, by the shewing forth of the saide exemplificacon or constat of the rolle, or of so muche thereof as shall serve for the matter in v&riaunce, under the greate seale of Englande, and the same, exemplification or constat of the saide enrolment, so as ys aforesaid© pleaded and showed, shalbe of lyke and the same force and effecte to all intent? and constructions in the lawe as the saide firste Ires patent? were and sholde be c£ yf the same were or sholde be pleaded or shewed.

Statute of Sewers

23 Hen. VIII. c. 5. made perpetual, as amended by this Act

II.

Hates on the King's lands may be levied by distress, &c. as in other cases.

Receipt of collector a sufficient acquittance, &c.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte for the contynuance of the Statute of Sewers.

WI HEARE in the Parliament holden at Wes tin by progacon the fyftenth daye of Januarie in the thre and twentieth yere of the most victorious raigne of our late soveraigne lorde Kinge Henrie Theight, amonge other thing? one gefiall Acte concerninge comyssions of sewers to be directed into all part? within this realme was enacted, and made to contynue and endure for twenty yeres then next followinge, as by the same Acte more at large it dothe and maye appere; and for asmuche as the same Acte ys thoughte good and

beneficiall for the comon wealthe of this realme,......

And be it furder enacted and established by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all skott? lott? and somes of money hereafter to be rated and taxed by vertue of suche comyssion of sewers, upon anye of the land? tent? or hereditament? of our soveraigne lorde the Kinge his heires or successors, for anye manner of thinge or thing? concerninge the articles of the saide comyssion of sewers, shalbe gathered and levyed by distresse or otherwise, in like maimer and fourme as shall or maye be done in the lond? tent? and hereditament? of any other pson or psons: And that all billes of acquytance signed withe the hande or hand? of suche collector or receyvor as shall have the collection thereof, by the appoyntment of the saide comyssioners or sixe of them, shalbe aswell a sufficient dischardge to the tenantes fermors and occupyers of the same groundes so to be chardged for the saide some where withe their ground? shalbe so chardged, as also a sufficient warraunte to all and everie the recey vors auditors and other whatsoever officer or officers of our saide soveraigne lorde the Kinge

AJ>. 1549-60.

3 & 4 Edward VI. c. 8.

553

his heiree and successors for the allowance to suche tenants fermer or occupier for the same.

Adduce moreover to this Acte by auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that suche and like fees and none other nor more shalbe at anye tyme paide or demaunded for any comyssion or comyssions or writtC of dedim9 potestatem hereafter to be sued out or obteyned under the seale of the dutchie, but onlye suche and lyke fees as bene mencioned in the saide former Acte to be paied in the Chauncerie for comyssions and writtf of dedim9 potestatem to be obteyned from the same Corte of Chauncerie.

m.

Like fee* on commiaeiona under the dochy teal u in other eases*

6 & 6 EDWARD VI. A.D. 1551-2.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT, HOLDEN BT Prorogation at Westminster, on the [Thirtieth1] Day of January, In the FIFTH and SIXTH Years of the Reign of K. EDWARD, VI.

0; ttotulo fJarltamnttt he 8tono regitt augfsi G?htoarht

umto et 4»ejrto. i*i

CHAPTER I.

An Acte for the XJnyformytie of Comon Prayer and admynistracon of the

Sacramentf.

y\IHEARE there hathe bene a verie godlye ordre setforthe by auctoritie of Parliament for comon prayer and admynistracon of the sacramentf, to be used in the mother tongue within the Churche of Englande, agreable to the worde of Ood and the primaty ve Churche, verie comfortable to all good people desyringe to lyve in Christian con$sac5n, and moste pfytable to

the estate of this realme, [-----2] the whiche the mercie favor and blessinge

of Almyghtie God ys in noe wise so redylye and plenteouslye powred as by coipon prayers due usinge of the sacramentf and often preachinge of goepell, withe the devocon of the hearers; and yet thys notwithstanding©, a greate nombre of people in di9se partf of this realme followinge their owne sensuality e and lyvinge, either without knowledge or due feare of God, doe wilfullye and dampnablye before Almyghtie God abstayne and refuse to come to their

Form of common prayer, &c. established!

negligence in attendance at church;

1 * Twenty-third9 old printed copies; which accounts for this session being cited as of the 5th and 6th years of the King's reign, the latter beginning on the twenty-

eighth day of January..........

It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 4. p. 129.), that all the printed collections contain twenty-six chapters, but that only twenty-two of these are on the roll, and that the remaining four are printed in the Statutes of the Realm from the originals in the Parliament Office. It also appears that in the printed collections the numbers of the several chapters that are on the roll, (which numbers are adopted in the Statutes of the Realm,) disagree with those on the roll, except as to chapter l.J

2 upon O.

554

5 & 6 Edward'VI. c. 1.

A.D. 1551-1

all persons shall attend public worship on Sundays and holidays, on pain of spiritual censures.

n.

The clergy charged to promote the execution of this law.

in.

Archbishops, &c. authorized to punish offenders by censures of the Church.

IV.

The Book of Common Prayer, &c. perused and perfected, established under the sanctions of St 2, 3 B. VI. c. 1.

parishe churches and other places where comon prayer admynistracon of the

sacrament? & preachinge of the worde of God ys used, upon the Sondayes

and other dayes ordeyned to be holye dayes: For Refobmacon hereof be it

enacted by the Kinge our soveraigne lorde withe the assent of the lordes and

comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same,

that from and after the feaste of All Sainct? next comynge, all and everie

psori and psons inhabitinge within this realme or anye other the Kinges

Majesties dnyons, shall diligentlye and faithfullie, havinge noe laufull or

reasonable excuse to be absent, endevor them selfes to resorte to their parishe

churche or chappell accustomed, or upon reasonable lett thereof to some nsuall

place where comon prayer and suche service of God shalbe used in suche

tyme of lett upon everie Sondaye and other dayes ordeyned and used to be

kepte as holydayes, and then and there to abyde orderlye and soberlye duringe

the tyme of the comon prayer preaching? or other ivice of God there to be

used and mynistred; upon payne of punyshement bye the censures of the

Churche. {Sect. 1., so far as the same affects persons dissenting from the worship or doctrines of the United Church of England and Ireland, and usually attending some place of worship other than the Established Church, rep., the following proviso bring added to the repeal, — Provided always, that no pecuniary penalty shall be imposed npon any person by reason of his so absenting himself as aforesaid, 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. & l.J

And for the due execucon hereof the King? moste excellent Majestie the lordes temporall and all the comons in this psent assembled, doeth in Gods name [eameslye1] requyre and chardge all the archebisshoppes bisshoppes and other ordynaries, that they shall endevor them selfes to the uttermoste of their knowledge that the due and true execucon hereof maye be had thorough-out their dioces and chardg?, as they will answere before God for suche evillf and plagues where withe Almyghtie God maye justlye punyshe his people for neglecting© this good and holesome lawe.

And for their auctoritye in this behalfe, be it further likewise enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that all and singuler the same archebyshoppes bisshoppes and all other their officers eXcisinge eccliasticall jurisdicon, aswell in place exempte as not exempte within their diocesse, shall have full power and auctoritie by this Acte to refourme correcte and punyshe by censures of the Churche, all and singuler psons whiche shall offende within anye their jurisdictions or dioceses after the saide feaste of All Sainct? next comynge against© this Acte and statute'; any other lawe statute privilege liberty© or pvysion heretofore made bad or suffred to the cont*rye notwithstanding©.

And because their bathe arrisen in the use and excise of the foresaide comon Svice in the Churche heretofore setforthe, di^se doubt? for the fasshion and manner of the mynistracon of the same, rather by the curiositie of the mynistre and mystakers, then of anye other worthie cause; therefore aswell for the more playne and manyfeste explanacon berof as for the more pfecSn of the saide ordre of comon §vice, in some places where it is necessarie to make the same prayers and fasshion of §vice more earnest and fytte to stirre Christian people to the true honoring© of Almightie God; the King? moste excellent Majestie, withe the assent of the lordes and comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, hath caused the foresaide ordre of comon 3vice, entytuled The Booke of Comon Prayer, to be

1 earnestlie O.

A.D. 1551-2.

5 & 6 Edward VI. c. 1, 3.

555

feithfullye and godlye pused explaned and made fullye pfecte, and by the fore-saide anctoritie hathe annexed and joyned it so explaned and pfected to this psent Estatnte (* *), addinge also a fourme and manner of makinge and conse-cratinge archebisshoppes bisshoppes priestf and decons, to be of lyke force anctoritie and valne as the same lyke foresaide booke, entituled The Booke of Comon Prayer was before, and to be accepted receyved used and estemed in lyke sorte and manner, and withe the same clauses of pvysions and excepcons to all intentf construccons and purposes, as by the Acte of Parliament made in the seconde yere of the King? Majesties raigne, was ordeyned and lymitted expressed and appoynted for the unyformytie of 8vice and admynistracon of the sacramentf thoroughe out the realme, upon suche se9all paynes as in the n said© Acte of Parliament ys expressed: And the saide former Acte to stande in full force and strengthe to all intentf and construcrons, and to be applyed practyBed and put in ure to and for thestablishinge of the Booke of Comon Prayer nowe explaned and hereunto annexed, and also the saide fourme of makinge of archebisshoppes bisshoppes priestf and deacons hereunto annexed, as yt was for the former booke.

CHAPTER 111.(2)

An Acte for the keping of Hollie dales and Fastinge dayes.

T^ORASMUCHE as at all tymes men be not so myndefull to lawde and

prayse God, so readie to resorte and heare Goddf hollie worde, and to fitting day*: come to the hollie comunion and other lawdable rites w^ ar to be obeyed in every Christen congregaoon, as their bownden dewtie doth require; therfore to call men to remembraunce of their dewtie and to helpp their infirmytie, it hath ben holsomelye provyded that there sholde be some certaine tymes and dayes appointed, wherin the Christians shoulde cease from all other kynde of labours, and shoulde applie themselff onelye and holie unto the aforesaid hollie workes proprely perteyning unto trewe religion, that is to heare to learne and to remembre Almightie Goddf greate benefittf, his manifolde mercies, his inestimable gracious goodnes so plenteously poured uppon allAhis creatures, and that of his infinite and unspeakeable goodnes withowt anny mans desert; and in remembraunce hereof to rendre unto him most highe and hartie thankf, w^ prayers and supplicacons for the relief of all o' dailye necessities; and becawse thes be the chief and principall wourkes wherin man is comaunded to wo'shipp God, and doo properlie partaine unto the first Table, therefore as thes wourkes are bothe moste comonlie and allso maye well be called Goddf service, so the tymes appointed spiallie for the same ar called hollie dayes, not for the matter and nature either of the tyme or daye, nor for anny of the sainctf sake whose memories ar had on thoso dayes, for so all dayes and tymes consydered air Goddf creatures and all of lyke holiness, but for the nature and condicon of those godlie and holie wourckes wherew* onelye Godde is to be honoured, and the congregation to be edefyed, where-unto such tymes and daies arr sanctified and hallowed, that is to saye, seperated from all prophane uses, and dedicated and appointed not unto

1 The book does not appear on the roll, or In the Parliament Office.

From the original Act. Hoe note at the beginning of this year.

556

5 & 6 Edward VL c. 3.

A.D. 1551-2.

Holidays to be

observed,

enumerated.

II.

Fasting days enumerated.

III. Offenders punishable by censnres of the Church,

IV. Proviso for Lent, &c. as under Stat. 2, 3 Ed. VI. c, 19.

V.

Saturday to be the even of feasts falling on Mondays.

anny saincte or creature, but onely unto God and his trewe wourshippe; neither it is to be thought that there is anny certain© tyme or definite nombre of dayes prescribed in Hollie Scripture, but that the appointment botbe of the tyme, and allso of the nombre of the dales, is left by thauctoritie of Goddf Worde to the libertie of Christes Churche, to be determyned and assigned ordrelye in every countree by the discretion of the rulers and ministers therof, as they shall judge moste expedyent, to the trewe setting forth of Goddf glorie and the edification of their people: Be it therefore enacted by the King our soveraigne lorde w*1 the assent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the cdmons in this psent Parlament assembled and by thauc-toritie of the same, that all the dales hereafter mentyoned shalbe kepte and comaunded to be kepte hollie dales and none other, that is to saye; all Sondaies in the yere, the dayes of the feastf of the Circumcisyon of our Lorde Jhesus Christe, of Tbepiphanie, of the Purificacon of the Blessed Virgin, of S4 Mathie Thapostle, of the Anucacon of the Blessed Virgyn, of S4 Marcke Thevangelist, of S4 Philipp and Jacobe Thapostles, of Thascentyon of our Lorde Jhesus Christe, of the Nativitye of S4 Jhon Baptist, of S4 Peter Thapostle, of S4 James Thapostle, of S4 Barthilmewe Thapostle, of S4 Mathewe Thapostle, of S4 Michaell Tharch*ungell, of S4 Luke Thevangelist, of S4 Symon and Jude Thapostles, of All Sainctes, of S4 Andrewe Thapostle, of S4 Thomas Thapostle, of the Nativitie of o* Lorde, of S4 Stephen the Martyr, of S4 John Thevangelist, of the Hollie Innocent^, Moondaye and Tewisdaye in Easter weke, and Monday and Tewisdaye in Witteson weike; and that none other daie shalbe kept and comaunded to be kept hollie daie, or to abstains from lawfull bodilie labour.

And it is allso enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that every even or daie next going before anny of the aforesaide dales of the feastf of the Nativitie of our Lorde, [of Easter, of Thascentyon of our Lorde, Penthecoste, of the Purificacon, and Thannunciacon of the aforesaide Blessed Virgyn, of All Sainctes, and of all of the saide feastf of thapostles, other then of S4 John Thevangelist, and Phillipp and Jacob, shalbe fasted and comaunded so to be kepte and observed, and that none other even or daye shalbe cdmaunded to be fasted.

And it is enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that it shalbe lawfull to all archebusshoppf and busshoppf in their diocesses, and to all other having ecctiasticall or spuall jurisdictyon, to enquire of every parsone that shall offend in the premisses, and to punishe every such offendor by the censures of the Churche, and to enjoyne him or them such penaunce as shalbe to the spuall judge by his discretyon thought mete and convenyent.

Provided allwaies, that this Acte or anny thing therin conteyned, shall not extend to abrogate or take awaye the abstinence from fleshe in Lente, or on Fridaies and Saturdayes, or anny other daye is allredie appointed so to be kepte, by vertue of an Acte made and provided in the thirde yere of the reigne of our soveraigne lorde the Kingf Ma4 that now is: Saving onelie of those evens or daies whereof the hollie daye next following is abrogated by this statute; anny thing above mentyoned to the contrarie in anny wise notw^standing.

Provided also and it is enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that when and so often as it shall chaunce anny of the saide feastf, the evens wherof be by this statute comaunded to be observed and kepte fasting daye, doo fall uppon

A.D. 1551-2.

5 b 6 Edward Vi s. 8, 4.

557

the Mond&ye, that then as it hath ailwaies byn heretofore acooustumablie used, so hereafter, the S&tturdaie then next going before anny such feasfce or hollio daye, and not the Sondaie, shalbe com&unded to be fasted for the even of anny such feaste or hollie day; anny thing in this statute before mentyoned or declared to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided ailwaies and it is enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shall be lawfull to everie husbondeman labourer fissherman and to all and evorie other parsone and parsones, of what estate degree or condicon he or they be, uppon the hollie daies aforesaide, in harvest or at anny other tymes in the yere when necessitie shall require, to labour ryde fyshe or wourke anny kinde of wourke at their free will? and pleasure; anny thing in this Acte to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided ailwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shalbe lawfull to the knight? of the right honorable Order of the Garter, and to every of them, to kepe and to celebrate sollemplie, the feast of their ordre, comonlie called St Georges Feast, yerelie from hensfoorth the xxijth xxiijtfc and xxiiij^ daies of Aprill, and at Audi other tyme and tymes as yerely shalbe thought convenyent by the King? Highnes his heyres and Buccesso18, and the saide knight? of the said honorable ordre, or anny of them now being or hereafter to be; anny thing in this Acte heretoforo mentioned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

VI.

Labourtn, As. may work on holidays In harvsst, Ao.

VII. Knights of tht Garter may sotemnis#

Ht. Osorgo's VtMt on April 99, 93, and 94.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte agaynste fightinge and quarelinge in Churches and Churcheyard?. {ftJ

T70RASMUCHE as of late di9se and manye ontragious and barbarous behavors and act? have bene used and comytted by di9se ungodlie and irreligious psones by quarrellinge br&wlinge frayinge and fightinge openly in churches and churchyardes; therefore it is enacted by the King our soveraigne lorde withe thassent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the auctoritie of the same, that yf anye peon whatsoever shall at any tyme after the finite daye of Maye next comynge by wordes onelye, quarrell cbyde or brawle in any chnrche or chnrcheyarde, that then it shalbe lanfull to the ordynarie of the place where the same offence shalbe done, and gved by two laufall witnesses, to sospende everie peon soe offendinge, that ys to saye, yf he be a laye man, mb ingressn Beetle, and yf be be a clarke, from the mynistracon of his office, for so longe tyme as the saide ordinarie shall by his discream thincke mete and convenient acoordinge to the faolte.

And farther it ys enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye peon or peons, after the saide finte day of Maye, shall smyte or laye violent band? upon anye other, either in anye churehe or chnrcheyarde, that then ipo teo everie peon soe offendinge shalbe demed excficate and be excluded fronf tfm fellowshipp and oompanye of Christes congregate a,

J* Rep. so far as relates to persons act in holy orders, 28 k 24 Vict. e. 82. a 5.]

Ftnoof brsvU lag, At. la ebureb or burebjrard mft/ te mub prod*! by tbs ordinary j If liymro, ab ingrtHU EccUr tia, If eterkf, from mloisra* tloo of tbsk offer.

lb

mdfmg, *e.fe aefcamA, As,

568

5 & 6 Edwabd VI. c. 11.

A.D. 15ol-2.

Slanders

against the King ought to be restrained;

IV.

Any treasons, committed oat of the realm, may be tried by commissioners in any shire of the realm:

Process

thereon.

Process of outlawry against traitors in foreign parts.

V.

Persons so outlawed may surrender to the chief justice of K.B. within one year, and traverse the indictment

CHAPTER XL An Acte for the punyshment of di9se Treasons.

T?ORASMTJCHE as it is most necesserie for comon pollicie and dutye of subject?, above all thing?, to phibite restrayne and extyncte all manner of shamefull slaunders whiche myght growe happen or arise to their soveraigne lorde the King? Majestie, whiche when they be harde sene or understand cannot be but odible and also abhorred of all those sort? that be true and lovinge subject?, yf in any poynte they may doe or shall tuche his Majestie, upon whom dependeth the whole unytie and uni9sall weale of this realme; without pvidinge wherefore to great a scope of unreasonable libtye sholde be given to all cankard and traytorous hart?, and the King? lovinge subject? shold not declare unto their soveraigne lorde nowe beinge, whiche unto them hathe byne and ys most entirely bothe beloved & estemed, thire undoubted sinceritie and truthe:........

And over that be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye of the King? subject?, denizens or other, doe comytt or practise out of the lymitt? of this realme in anye outwarde part?, any thoffenc? whiche by this Acte are made or heretofore nowe standinge in force have bene made treason, that then suche treasons whatsoever they be or wheresoever they shall happen so to he done or comytted, shalbe enquyred & psented by the othes of twelve good and laufull men, upon good and pbable evidence and witnes, in suche [shires1] and countye of this realme and before suche psons as it shall please the Kinge his saide heires or successors to appoynt by cdmyssion under his great seale; in lyke manner and forme as treasons comytted within this realme have byne used to be enquired and psented; and that upon everie endytement and psentment founden and made of anye suche treasons, and 8tyfied into the King? Benche, like pcesse and other circumstance shalbe there malde and had agaynst thoffenders, as yf the same treason so psented had bene laufollye founde to be done and cdmytted within the lymytt? of this realme: And that all pees of outlawrie hereafter to be made and had within this realme, agaynst any offendors in treason, beinge resiant or inhabitaunt out of the lymitt? of this realme or in any the part? beyond© the sea, at the tyme of the outlawrie pnounced agaynste them, shalbe as good and effectuall in the lawe to all intent? and purposes as yf any suche offendors had bene resident and dwelling© within this realme, at the tyme of suche pees awarded and outlaurie pnounced.

Provyded alwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf the partie so hereafter to be outlawed shall, within one yere next after the saide outlawrie pnounced or judgment given upon the saide outlawrie, yelde him selfe unto the chief justice of Englande for the tyme beinge, and offer to traverse thendytement or appeall whereupon the saide outlawrie shalbe pnounced as ys aforesaide, that then he shalbe recey ved to the saide traverse, and beinge thereupon founde not giltye by the verdyte of twelve men, he shalbe derely acquyted and dischardged of the saide outlawrie and of all penaltyes and forfeytures by reason of the same, in as large and ample manner and forme as thoughe noe suche outlawrie had byne made; any thinge herein conteyned to the cont*rye in anywise notwithstanding©.

A.D. 1551-2.

5 & 6 Edward VI. c. 11, 16.

559

And be yt further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that eyerie offendor and offenders beinge hereafter laufullye convicte of anye manner of highe treason, by peentment confession yerdit or gees of outlawrie accordinge to the due corse and enstome of the lawes of this realme, shall lose and forfeyt to the King? Highnes his beires and successors aforesaide, all suche landes tent? and heredytament? whiche anye suche offendor or offendors shall have of anye estate of inheritaunce in his owne right in use or possession, within this realme of Englande or els where within anye the King? dnions, at the tyme of any suche treasons comytted or at any tyme after.

Savtnge to eyerie pson and psons their heires and successors, other then the offenders and their heires and suche pson and psons as dayme to anye their uses, all suche right? titles interest possessions leases rent? pensions offices and other pfitt? whiche they or any of them shall haye, at the daye of comyttinge suche treasons or at anye tyme after, in as large and ample manner as yf this Acte had neyer byne had nor made.

0) Provided also and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the wief or wyves whose husbonde or husbond? hereafter shalbe attaynted of treasons spified in this Acte, or of anye other treasons whatsoever they be, shall in noe wise be receyved to aske challenge demaunde or have dower of anye the londes tent? or hereditament? of anye the pson or psons to be attaynted of treason as ys aforesaide, duringe the saide attaynder in his force; any thinge before menconed to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte againste buyinge and sellinge of Offices.

"T?OR the avoydinge of corrupcon whiche maye hereafter happen to be in the officers and ministers in those court? places or romes wherein there is requisite to be had the true admynistracon of justice or 8vic? of trusts, and to thintent that psons worthye and mete to be advaunced to the place where justice is to be mynistered or any 8vice of truste executed sholde hereafter be pferred to the same and none other; be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our soveraigne lorde the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the auctoritie of the same, that yf any pson or psons at any tyme hereafter bargayne or sell any office or offic?, or deputacon of any office or offices, or any parte or parcell of any of them, or receyve have or take any money fee rewarde or any other gfytt directly or indirectly, or take any gmyse agrement covenant© bonde or any assuraunce to receyve or have any money fee rewarde or other gfytt directly or indirectly, for any office or offic? or for the deputacon of anye office or offic? or any parte of any of them, or to thintent that any pson sholde have excise or enjoye any office or offic?, or the deputa65n of any office or offices or any parte of any of them, whiche office or offic? or any parte or parcell of them 1

VI.

On oonvfctioa far treason, the offender shall forfeit all estates of inheritance.

X.

General saving of rights of stranger!.

XL

The wife shall lose her dower on attainder of the husband for treason.

For avoiding corruption in offioes of justice or places of trust |

penalty on selling any office, or receiving or agreeing to receive money, Ac. for any office concerning the administration of justice, or the receipt or confront of the King's revenue, or the keeping, Ac. of any town, castle, or fortress, or any

1 This proviso is annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule, f * Rep. so far as regards the revenue of Customs or offices in the service of the Customs, 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.}

660

5 & 6 Edward VI. c. 16.

A.D. 1551-2.

clerkship in any court of record;

on the seller, forfeiture of all title to the office sold;

on the buyer, disability to hold such office bought, &c.

II.

All such sales and agreements, &c. declared void.

m.

Proviso for offices of inheritance, parker-shipe, &c.

shall in anywise touche or conceme the admynistraeon or execucon of justice, or the receipte controlment or payment of any the King? Highnes treasure money rent revenewe accompte alneage auditorshipp or survaying of anye the King? Majesties honors castell? mannors land? tent? wood or hereditament?, or any*the King? Majesties customes, or any [other1] admynistraeon or necessarie attendaunce to be had done or executed in any the King? Majesties custome house or houses, or the kepinge of any the King? Majesties townes castells or fortresses beinge used occupied or appoynted for a place of strenghe and defence, or whiche shall concerne or touche any clarkeshippe to be occupied in any manner of courte of recorde wherein justice ys to be mynistred, that then all and everie suche pson and psons that shall so bargayne or sell any of the saide office or offic? deputacon or deputacons or that shall take anye money fee rewarde or pfitt for any of the saide office or offic? deputacon or deputacons of any of the said offic? or any parte of them, or that shall take anye pmyse covenante bonde or assuraunce for any money rewarde or pfitt to be given, for any of the saide office or offic? deputacon or deputacons of any of the saide office or offic? or any parte of any of them, shall not onlye lose and forfayte all his and their right interest and estate whiche suche pson or psons shall then have of in or to anye of the saide office or offices depu-tacSn or deputacons, or any parte of any of them, or of in or to the gyfte or nolacon of any of the saide office or offic? deputacon or deputacons, for the whiche office or offices or for the deputacon or deputacons of whiche office or offic?, or for anye parte of anye of them, anye suche pson or psons shall so make any bargayne or sale, or take or receive any some of money fee reward or pfitt, or any pmyse covenante or assuraunce to have or receyve any fee rewarde money or pfitt; but also that all and everie suche peon and parsons that shall geve or paye any some of money rewarde or fee, or shall make any pmyse agrement bonde or assuraunce for anye of the saide offic?, or for the deputacon or deputacons of any of the saide office or offic? or any parte of any of them, shall ymediatlye by and upon the same fee money or rewarde given or payde, or upon any suche pmyse covenante bonde or agrement had or made for any fee some of money or rewarde to he payde as is aforesaide, be adjudged a disabled pson in the lawe, to all intent? and purposes, to have occupye or enjoye the saide office or offices deputacon or deputacons or any parte of any of them, for the w011 suche pson or psons shall so give or paye any some of money fee or rewarde or make any pmyse covenante bonde or other assuraunce to give or paye any some of money fee or rewarde.

And be it also enacted by thauctoiitie aforesaide, that all and everie suche bargaynes sales pmyses bondes agrement? covenant? and assuraunc?, as be before spified, sbalbe voide to and againste him and them by whom any suche bargayne sale bonde pmyse covenante or assuraunce shalbe had or made.

Provtded alwaye that this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not in anywise extende to any office or offic? whereof any pson or psons ys or shalbe seised of any estate of inheritaunce, nor to any office of parkershipp or of the kepinge of any parke house mannor garden chace or forest, or to anye of them; any thinge in this Acte heretofore to mencioned to the conttoie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

1 0. omits.

A.D. 1551-2.

5 & 6 Edward VI. c. 16.

561

Provided also that yf any pson or peons doe hereafter offende in anye IV. thinge cont*rie to the tenor and effecte of this Acte, yet that notwithstanding©, by

all judgement? given and all other acte and act? executed or done by any ofifcndin*, suche peon or peons so offendinge, by anctoritie or colour of the office or deputacon whiche ought to be forfeited or not occupied or not enjoyed by the declared valid, peon so offendinge as ys aforesaide, after the saide offence so by suche pson comytted or done and before suche pson so offendinge for the same offence be removed from the excise admynistracon and occupacon of the saide office or deputacon, shalbe and remayne good & sufficient in lawe to all intent? construcc&n and purposes, in suche like manner and fourme as the same sholde and ought to have remayned and bene yf this Acte had never bene hadd or made.

7 EDWARD VI. A.D. 1562-3.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begum to be holder at Westminster, on the First Pat of March, In the SEVENTH Year of the Reion of K. EDWARD, VI.

<£j: fcotulo ^arliamentt He Sitmo rejpi Bejg[tectJtoarHt

fjrtt, «#eptimo.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte that all Patentees of Collectonrshippes of Tenthes shalbe bounde for

their Collections.

TTTTHER the archebyslioppes and byshoppes of this realme of Englande are

bounde to the King Ma^ for the collecting and true paiment of the

disines and tenthes due to his Highnes for all and singulars benefices and

other ecclesiasticall promocons whatsoever being within their severall diocese;

for the colleccon wherof dyvers of the predecessours of the said arohebishoppes

and bishoppes have by their ires patentee, confirmed withe chapitre scale,

gyven and graunted to sundrye persons without provision of sufficient bondes

for the true collection and paiment of the sayd dismes or tenthes to our

sovereyn lorde, or otherwise to discharge the grauntoures of the sayd patentee

and their successours, wherby the Kingf Majestic hathe been greatly defrauded

of his sayde duties and many of the sayd bysshoppes sore troubled to their

great hindraunce and utter undoyng; be it therefore enacted by our soverein lorde the King withe ihassent of the lordes spyrytuall and temporall and the comons in * 1

Bishops, 8ce. being bound to collect and pay tenths of benefices to the King, have appointed collectors without sureties, &o. c.

* It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 4. p. 160.), that all the printed collections contain fourteen chapters, but that only eleven of these are on the roll, and that the remaining three are printed in the Statutes of the Realm from the original Acts in the Parliament Office. It also appears that chapters 3, 2, 1. in the printed collections, (which bear the same numbers in the Statutes of the Realm), are respectively chapters

1, 2, 3. on the rolLJ

V V

562

7 Edward VI. c. 4.

A.D. 1552-3.

Such existing collectors shall enter into recognizance to indemnify the bishops, &c.

n.

Parsons not able to pay their tenths till after Easter;

time for yearly payment of tenths extended to the last day of May, instead of 1 April, as under Stat.

26 Hen. Vm, c. 3.

in.

In case of benefices vacant, on certificate of the bishop, the glebe, &c. may be seized for the King till payment duely made of the tenths, &c.

this pnte Parliament assembled and by thaucthorite of the same, that all collectoures of the sayd tenthes under any archebishoppe or byshoppe within this realme of England© or other the Kingf dominions, having tres patentes or other writingf of their said office of collectourshippe of the said tenthes, shall before the feast of the Nativite of Sl John Baptist next cdming be boQde by their sufficent writing oblygatorie or recog-nisaimce, in the Courte of the First Fruictes and Tenthe or in any other courte wher the Kingf revenues of the tenthes shalbe aunswerable, in suche some or somes of money as shalbe due and growing yerely to our sovereine lorde the Kinge within their sayd collection or office, to save and kepe the sayd archbishoppes or bishoppes and every of them harmles and without hurte or damage against the Kingf Majestie his heires and successoures, of and for all maner of acconptes and paimentes of money whiche they or any of them shall or may conveniently receive during the tyme of their severall collections, and that lawfully may bee demaunded or required of the said archebisshoppes or bishoppes'or any of them for or concerninge the said tenthes, by reason of the Statute of the First Fruictes and Tenthe, or elles their said tres patentee and other writinges to be uttrely voide and of none effect. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act,

1863. J

And for that the persons vicars and curates within this realme for the most parte bee not hable to paye their tenthes before that they shall have receyved the profites of their benefices whiche yerely growethe and rennethe to them at the feast of Easter, whiche feast in many yeres fallethe after the first daye of April], whiche said first daye of Aprill ys now the day that ys stalled and appoincted to the sayd archebisshoppes and bisshoppes to make paiment to the Kinges Majestie of the said tenthes; be yt therefor enacted by aucthorite aforesayd, that the sayd archebisshoppes and bisshoppes and every of them shall from hensforthe make yerelye. payment of the said tenthes unto our sayd soverayn lorde his heires and successoures in the Courte of the First Fruictes and Tenthe, orelles wher yt shall please the Kinges Majestie [tappointe1] the paiment of the same, before or at the last daye of Maye and not otherwise; and that the certificate of recusauntes made by any of the said archebyshoppes and bisshoppes or any of them, before or at the sayd last daye of Maye yerely, shalbe as good and effectuall in the la we to all intentes construccons and purposes as thoughe yt had been made at the days and tymes heretofore lymyted and appoincted by the Statute made in the xxvjth yere of the reigne of his most noble father of famouse memorye King Henrye the Eight for paymentes of tenthes and first fruictes; any lawe or statute heretofore hadd or made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that yf any promotion spirituall be nowe or shall chaunce hereafter to be or remayn in suche sorte voide that no incumbent ys or can be conveniently provided for the same, that then the said arch bisshoppes and bisshoppes and every of them shall and maye certefie yerely before the last daye of May the same vacaaSns specially and according to the trouthe of the mater into the saide Courte of First Fruictes and Tenthe, or in any other courte wher the Kingf revenues of tenthes shall bee aunswerable; upon whiche certificate the sayd archbyshoppes and byshoppes and every of them shalbe discharged towardes and ageinst the Kinges Majestie his heires and successoures, in lyke sorte as they now bee upon their certificate of the recusauntes: And that then and from thensforthe yt shalbe lawfull to the Kingf Majestie his heires and successoures to levie and take all the glebe landes tithes yssues or profittes of the sayd benefice or spirituall promoffin so specially certefied as ys aforesayd, untill his Grace his

1 to appointe O.

A.D. 1552-3.

7 Edward VI. c. 4.

563

heires or successoures made be ftillye aunswered satisfied and payed of the whole arrerages of the sayd tenthes then due to his Majestie: And the sayd archbisshoppes and bisshoppes and every of them to bee from the time of the sayd spedall certificate clerely exonerated and discharged ageinst the Kinge his heires and successoures of the same arrerages; any lawe or statute heretofore hadd or made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.



STATUTES OF QUEEN MAEY.

1 MART; Sess. 1. A.D. 1553.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Fifth Day of October,

In the FIRST Teas of the Reign of Q. MARY.

<2?jr ftotttlo flarltammtt to anno rtgm Regtnc iHarie,

$rtnuj. n

CHAPTER I.

An Acte repealing certayne Treasons Felonies and Premunire.

TT^ORASMUCHE as the state of every king ruler and govemour of any The state of a readme domynyon or comynaltie standith and consistethe more assured the

by the love and &vor of the subjecte towarde their sovereine ruler and love of his govemour, then in the dreade and feare of lawes made withe rygorous paynes S fear of and extreame punishement for not obeyeng of their sovereine ruler and rigorous laws; govemour; and lawes also justly made for the preservaam of the comune weale, without extreame pimishment or greate penaltie, arre more often for the most parte obeied and kept©, then lawes and statutes made with greate and extreame punishementes, and in especiall suche lawes and statutes so made, wherby not onelye the ignoraunte and rude unlearned people, but also learned and expert people myndyng honestye, are often and many tymes trapped and snared, yea many times for woordes onelye without other facte or dede doone or perpetrated: The Quenes most excellent Majestye calling to unusualpunish-remembraunce that many, aswell honorable and noble persones as other of

good reputaam within this her Graces realme of England, have of late, for woordes onelye without other [opinion1] facte or dede, suffredd shamefull

J * It appears by extracts from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and foot notes (volume 4. pp. 197, 199, 221.), that the Acts of the three sessions holden in this first year are entered on one roll in Chancery and numbered consecutively, but th at this is not the case in the printed collections. The numbering of the Acts in the printed collections is followed in the Statutes of the Realm.]

1 opyn O.

N H 2

5(j4

1 Mary, St. 1. c. 1.

A.D. 1533.

no act or offence shall be treason, petty treason, or misprision of treason, but such as be so declared by

stat 25 e. nr.

st. 5. c. 2.

in.

All offences made felony, or within thecase of premunire, since beginning of K. Henry Vm's reign, repealed.

deathe not accustomed to nobles; her Highnes therfore of her accustomed clemencye and mercye, myndinge to avoyde and put awaye thoccasion and cause of lyke chaunces hereafter to ensue, trusting her loving subjectes will for her clemencye to them shewed, love serve and obeye her Grace the more hartely and faithefully then for dread or feare of paynes of bodye, ys contented and pleased that the severetye of suche lyke extreame daungerous and payn-full lawes shalbe abolished adnulled and made frustrate and voide: Be it therfore ordeined and enacted by the Quene our sovereine ladye with the assent of the lordes spirituall and temporall and of the comons in this pnte Parliamente assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, that from hensforthe none acte dede or offence, being by Acte of Plyament or statute made treasone petite treasone or misprision of treason, by woordes writing ciphering dedes or otherwise whatsoever, shalbee taken hadd domed or adjudged to be highe treason petite treason or misprision of treason, but onely suche as bee declared and expressed to bee treason petite treason or mysprision of treason in or by Thacte of Plyament or Statute made in the fyve and twentye yere of the reigne of the most noble King of famous memorye King Edwarde Q) Thirde, touching or concerning treason or the declarations of treasons, and none other; nor that any peines of deathe penaltye or forfeyture in eny wise ensue or bee to any offendour or offendoures for the doing or comitting any treason petite treason or misprision of treasone, other then suche as be in the said estatute, made in the said XXVth yere of the reigne of the sayd King Edwarde the Third, ordeyned and provided; any Acte or Actes of Plyament statute or statutes hadd or made at any tyme heretofore, or after the said XXVth yere of the reigne of the sayd late King Edwarde the Thirde, or any other declaracon or matter to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.



And be y t further ordeined and enacted by thauctoritee aforesayd, that all offences made felonye, or lymited or appointed to be within the caee of premunire, by any Acte or Actes of Pleament, statute or statutes made sithens the first daye of the first yere of the reigne of the late King of famous memorye King Henrye Theight, not being felony before, nor within the cace of premunire, and also all and every braunche article and clause mentioned or in any wise declared in any of the same estatutes concerning the making of any offence or offences to be felonye, or within the cace of premunire, not being felonye nor within the cace of premunire before, and all peines and forfeitures concerning the same or any of them, shall from hensforthe bee repealed and utterlye voide and of none effect.

1 the O.

1 MART; Sess. 2. A.D. 1553.

A.D. 1553.

565

STATUTES made in the PARLIAMENT, holden by Prorogation at Westminster, on the Twenty-fourth Day of October,

In the FIRST Year of the Reign of Q. MARY.

<£jr ftotulo parliament! tie anno rejjni &egmt iHam,

piuno. o

CHAPTER III.

Ax Acte against Offenders of Preachers and other Ministers in the Churche.

T^ORASMUCHE as it is most necessary in every Christian comonwelthe, to provide that tranquilite and peace maye bee preserved and continued amonges the people, and specially in Holye Churche in the tyme of divine service and administration of sacramentes and sacramentalles, as before this time it bathe been accustomed in Holy Churche within this realme, and that all thingf being contrarye theronto, or that are or jnaye bee in disturbance therof, raaye by foresight be eschewed and avoided, and remedie therfore in due tyme provided, aswell for the preservation of the Quenes Highnes peace, as for an universall quietnes and order to be used within this realme: Be it therfore enacted by the Quene our soveraigne ladye the lordf spuall and temporall and comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by the aucthoritee of the same, that yf any pson or psons of their own power and aucthorite, at any time or times after the xx^ daye of December nexte coming, doo or shall willinglye and of purpose by open and overt woorde facte acte or dede, maliciouslye or contemptuouslye molest let disturbe vexe or troble, or by any other unlawfull waies or meanes disquiet or misuse, any preachour or preachours that nowe ys or that at any time or times hereafter shall be lycensed allowed or aucthorised to preache, by the Quenes Highnes, or by any archebiBhoppe or bishoppe of this realme, or by any other lawfull ordinarie, or by any of the universities of Oxforde and Cambridge, or otherwise lawfully aucthorised or chardged by reason of his or their cure benefice or other spuall promotion or charge, in any of his or their open sermon preaching or collation that he or they shall make declare preache or pronounce in any churche chapell churcbyarde or in any other place or places used frequented or appointed, or that hereafter shalbee used or appointed to be preached in; or if anie person or persons after the sayd XXth day of December next coming, shall maliciouslye willinglie or of purpose molest lett disturbe vexe disquiete or otherwise troble any person vicar parishe preist or curate, or any lawfull preist, preparing saieng doing singing ministring or celebrating the Masse or other such divine service sacramentes or sacramentalles as was most comonly frequented and used in the last yere of the raigne of the late sovereine lorde King Henrye Theight, or that at anye time hereafter shalbe allowedd sett for the or aucthorised by the Quenes Majestie; or if anye person or persones, at any time or times after the said XXth daye of December, shall 1

For preserving peace during divine service,

any persons disturbing licensed preachers in their sermons,

or disturbing priests while performing Mass, &c.,

or abusing the Host or Sacra* ment,

1 See uote at the beginning of the first session of this year, pa. J563J.

566

1 Mary, St. 2. c. 3.

AJ). 1553.

or defacing, &c. crucifixes, &c..

may be arrested by constables, churchwardens, &c.,

and imprisoned by one justice, who within six days shall, with another justice, try the offender and imprison him if guilty for three months, and* until he repent and give surety at the quarter sessions for good behaviour, &c.

contemptuously© unlawfully© or maliciouslie of their owne power or aucthoritie, pull downe deface spoile abuse breake or otherwise unreverentlye handle or order the most blessed comfortable and holy sacrament of the body and bloude of our Saviour Jesus Christ, comonly called the Sacrament of the Aulter, being or that shall bee in anve churche or chappell or in any other decent place, or the pixe or canapie wherin the same sacrament is or shalbee; or unlawfully contemptuously or maliciouslye of their own power and aucthoritie pull down deface spoile or otherwise breake any aulter or aulters or any crucifixe or crosse that nowe or hereafter shalbee in any churche chappell or churchyarde; that then every suche offendour and offenders in any the premisses, his or their aydour procurour or abettour, aidours pro-curours or abettours, immediately© and forthwith© after any of the said acte or actes or other the said misdemeanours so comitted doone or made or (x) any time or times after, shalbe apprehended arrested and taken by anye constable or constables churchwardein or churchwardeines of the sayd parish© town© or place where the said offence or offences shalbe so comitted made or doone, or by any other officer or officers, or by any other person or persons then being present at the time of the said offence or offences so unlaufully comitted made or doone; which© person or persons so apprehended taken or arrestedd, withe convenient spede shall bee brought and caried to any justice of peace within the sayd shire, or within any citie boro we libertie or towne corporate wherin justices of peace bee, wher the said offence or offences shall bee so comitted done and made; and that the sayd justice of peace, upon due accusation therupon hadd and made, by the apprehendour or apprehendours or other person or persons, of any of the said person or persons so offending, forthwithe shall comitt the said person or persons so apprehended arrested and taken, to safe keping and custodie, as by the discretion of the said justice shall be thought most meete and convenient; and that within sixe dayes next© and immediately© after the said accusation so hadd and made to the said justice, the said justice withe one other justice of peace in the said shire citie burghe libertie or towne corporate, shall diligentlye examine the acte or actes offence or offences aforesaid; and if they the said twoo justices of peace shall upon their said examination, finde or perceyve the said person or persons so accused, giltie of any of the said offence or offences wherof he or thei shall be so accused, and that by twoo sufficient witnesses, or by his or their owne confession or confessions, that then and immediatlye withe convenient spede, the said twoo justices shall eomit and award the said person or persons so accused as is aforesaid, to the gayle of or for the said shire citie borowe libertie or towne corporate wher the said offence or offences was so comitted made or doon, there to remaine without baile or maineprise by the space of three monethes then next ensueng, and further to the next quarter sessions to be holden within the said shire citie bourghe libertye or towne corporate nexte after the ende of the said three monethes; at whiche said quarter sessions the said pson or persones so comitted to the gaile as is aforesayd, upon his or their reconsilyacon and repentance in thatbehalfe, before the sayd justices of peace at the said sessions, shalbe delyvered and dischardged out of prison and gayle, uppon sufficient suertie of his good abearing and behavour, to be then and ther taken by the

*at O.

j

A.D. 1553,

1 Mary, St, 2. c. 3.

567

said justices for one hole yere then next ensuing, as by the discretion or discretions of the sayd justices then and ther being, or of the more parte of them, shalbe thought mete and convenient; and if the sayd person or persons so in gaile as ys aforesaid, will not be reconciled and repent at the said quarter sessions, that then the said person or persons immediatly in time convenient, shalbe further awarded and cdmitted to the said gaile by the said justices or by the more part of them, there to remayne without baile or maineprise, untill he or thei so comitted and awarded to gaile as is aforesaid, shalbe reconciled and be penitent for his or their sayd offence or offences.

And be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that yf any person or persons at any tyme or tymes after the said xx& daye of December, of their owne aucthoritee and power willingly and unlawfully doo reskewe any offender or offenders so apprehended taken or arrested as is aforesaid, or will disturbs hinder or lett the said offender or offenders so offending as is aforesaid to be apprehended taken or arrested, that then everye one of the said reskewers or disturbours shall suffer like imprisonement as is aforesaid, and further shall paye forfeite and lose, for a fine for every of his or their said offences, fyve powndes to the Quenes Majestie her lieires and successourea.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that yf any of thoffenders aforesaid be not taken apprehended or arrested immediatelye in time convenient as is aforesayd, but doo eskape or go awaye, that then the said escape shalbe lawfully presented before the justices of peace in the sayd shire citie bourghe libertie or towne corporate, at the next quarter sessions to be holden where the said escape was made and suffered; and that then thinhabitantes of the parishe wher the said eskape was so suffredd, shall lose and forfeit to the Quenes Majestie her heires and successoures for every suche escape five powndes; to be levied and taken as other lyke amerciamentes and fines before this time bathe and bene levied and taken upon any village hundrede or towne for the escape of any murderer or other felon for not making pursute upon hue and crye, according to the Estatute of Winchester, and the Statute made and provided in the thirde yere of the worthye King Henry the Seventhe.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, that all and singler justices of peace, justices of assise, justices of oyer and determyner, and all and singuler maioures bailiefes and justices of peace within any citie borowe or towne corporate in any partes within this realme, within the limites of their comission or comissions, shall have full power and aucthorite by vertue of this Acte after the said xxth day of December, tenquire of all and singler thoffences and misdemeanours aforesaid and to heare and determine the same, and to set the fines and amertiamentes of the said offender or offenders as is aforesaid.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that this Acte or any thing therin contained shall not in any wise extende to abrogate and take away thaucthoritie jurisdiccon power and punishmentes of the ecclesiastical! lawes now standing and remayning in their force, of or for the punishment of any thoffences and misdemeanours aforesaid, but that thaucthoritee power jurisdicSms and punishmentes of the said ecclesiasticall lawes of and for any of the offences and misdemeanours aforesaid, ,shall stande

n.

Penalty on rescuing offenders, imprisonment and £5 fine.

m.

If offenders escape the parish they shall be fined £5. leviable under Stat. Winton,13E.I. c. 1 .; and St. 3 H. VIL c. 2.

IV. Justices of peace may determine offences.

V.

Proviso for punishment by the spiritual courts.

568

1 Maby, St. 2. c. 3, 8.

A.D. 1553

VI.

None shall be punished twice.

Recital of Statute 1 E. VI. c. 7. $ 4. as to justices, &c. made sheriffs, &c.

No sheriff shall act as justice of peace during his shrievalty.

in full power and strengthe, and to bee used and exercised in all and in everye thinges as thoughe this Acte had never been hadd and made; this present Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrarye hereof in any wise notwithestanding.

(*) Provided alwaies and be yfc enacted, that whatsoever person offending in the premisses shall for any of the offences afore recited receive punishement of the ordinarie, having a testimoniall therof under the said ordinaries seale, shall not for the same offence eftesones be convicted before the justice; and in lykewise receiving for the said offences punishement by the justice, he shall nob for the same offence eftesones receive punishement of thordinarie; any thing in this Acte to the contrary notwithestanding.

CHAPTER VIII.

An iSrrE that Shiriffes shall not be Justices of Peace during that Office.

\Al HERE in one Acte of Pliament, intituled, An Acte for the continuance of Actions after the deathe of any King, made in the first yere of our late sovereigne lorde King Edwarde the Syxthe, amongest other thingf it is ordeined and enacted, that albeit any persone or persons being justice of assise justice of gaole delyverye or justice of peace within any of the King? dominions, or being in any other of the Kingf comissions whatsoever, shall fortune to be made duke archebysboppe marques erle viscounte baron bishoppe knight justice of thone benche or of the other, or sargeaunte at the lawe or shreiff, yet that notwithstanding, he and they shoulde remayne justice and comissioner, and have full power and aucthorite texecute the same, in like maner and fourme as he or they might or ought to have doone before the same; as in the saide Acte more playnly appearethe: Sythens the making of the whiche Acte divers persons being in the comission of the peace in one countie have beene made sheriffes of the same countie, and have exercised either of the sayd offices whiche semethe not to bee convenient: Wherfore be it enacted by thauctborite of this pnte Pliament, that no maner of pson or psons, having using or exercising the office of the sheriffe of any cowntye or counties, shall use or exercise the office of the justice of the peace by force of any comission or otherwise, in any countie or counties where he or they shaJbe sheriffe, during the time onely that he or they shall use or exercise the sayd office [or*] sheriffwike; any thing in the said former Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding: And that all and every acte and actes to be doon by any suche sheriff or sheriffes by aucthorite of any comission of the peace during the time abovesaid, shall be voide and of none effecte; the said former Acte not withstan ding.

1 The following proviso is annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

of 0.

A.D. 1533,

1 Mary, St. i c. 9.

369

CHAPTER IX An Acte touching thincorporations of the Phisitions in London,

WHERE in the Pli&ment holden at London the xv daye of Aprill in the xiiij yere of the raigne of our late soveraygne lorde King Henrie Thcight, and from thens adjourned to Westminster the last daye of Julye in the XVth yere of the raigne of the same King, and ther holden; it was enacted, that a certeyne graunte by letters patentee of incorporacon, made and graunted by our said late King to the phisitions of London, and all clauses and articles eon-teined in the same graunte shoulde be approved graunted ratified and confirmed by the same Parliament: For the consideration therof be it enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliament, that the sayd statute or Aote of Pliament, withe every article and clause therin-conteined, shall from hensforthe stande and continue still in full strengtbe force and effecto; any Acte statute lawo custome or any other thing made hadd or used to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

And for the better reformation of divers enormities happening to the comon-welthe by the evill using and undue administration of phisick, and for the enlarging of further articles for the better execucon of the thingf conteined in the said graunt enacted; be it therfore nowe enacted, that whensoever tho presidente of the Colledge or Comon&ltie of the Facultie of Physicke of London for the time being, or such as the said president and colledge shall yerely according to the tenor and meaning of the said Acte aucthoriso to searche examine correcte and puirfshe all offendours and transgressoura in the said facultie within the same citie and precincte in the said Acte expressed, shall sende or oomit any suche offendour or offendours, for his or their offences or disobedience contrarye to any article or clause conteyned in the said graunte or Acte, to any warde gayle or pryson within the same citie and precincte, (the Towre of London except,) that then from time to tyme the warden gaolour or keper, wardeines gey lours or kepers of the wardes gayles or prisons within the citie or precincte aforesayd (excepte before excepted) shall receyve into his or their prisons all and every suche persone and persons so offending, as sbalbe so sent or o5mitted to him or them as is aforesayd, and ther shall safely kepe the person or persons so comitted in any of their prisons, at the proper costes and chardges of the said person or persons so comitted, without bayle or mayneprise, untill sucbe time as such offendour or offendors or disobedientes be dischardged of the said imprisonement by the said president, and suche persons as by the said colledge shalbe therunto aucthorised; upon payn that all and every suche wardeyn gaylo* or keper doing the contrary shall lose and forfeite the doable of suche fine and amerciament, as suche offender and offenders or disobedientes shalbe assessed to paye, by suche as the said president and colledge shall aucthorise as aforesaid, so that the same fyne and amercia* ment bee not at any one tyme above the some of twentye powndes; the moitie therof to be employed to thuse of our soveraygne ladyc the Queue her heires and sucoessoures, tbother moitie uoto the said president and colledge; All whiche forfeitures to be recovered by aocon of dett bill plainte or informa* tion in any of the Queues her heire* and successoures court* of records, against any suche wardeyn gaylour or keper so offending; in whiche suite no

St U, IS

it. via* s,

incorporating nh\*ieUu# is London, confirmed.

II,

Offenders committed by president of the College of J'hyetoliinii'&o, shall be duly kept by gaoler*, Ao.

Penalty, double the Sue of «ucb offenders, Ac*

hi.

Warden of the grocers shall assist in searching apothecaries* drugs under Stat.

32 H. VIII. c. 40.

Penalty on resisting search, £10.

IV. Justices, &c. shall assist the president, &c.

By descent of the crown to the Queen all regal power vested in her;

570 1 Mary, St/2. c. 9. AD. 1553.

essoigne wager of lawe nor protection shall be allowed ne admitted for the defendant.

And further be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, for the better execution of the searche and viewe of poticarye wares drugges and compositions, according to the tenour of a Statute made in the xxxii yere of the reigne of the saide late King Henry Theight, that it shalbee lawfull for the wardeins of the grocers, or one of them, to goo withe (*) sayd physitions in their viewe and searche, that if the sayd wardein or wardeins doo refuse or delaye his or their coming therunto, furthwithe and immediatlye when the said president or foure of his colledge electe as aforesayd do call upon him or them, that then the said physitions maye and shall execute that searche and viewe, and the due punishement of the poticaries for any their evill and fawtie stuffe, according to the statute last before mentioned, without thassistance of any of the 6ayd wardeines; any clause in thaforenamed statute to the contrary hereof not-wthstanding: And every suche person or persons as will or shall resist suche searche, shall forfeit for every suche resistance tenne powndes; the same penaltie to be recovered in fourme aforesaid, without any of the delayes aforesaid to be hadd in suite therof

And furthere be it enacted, that all justices maiors shrieffes bailiefes constables and other ministers and officers within the citie and predncte above written, upon request to them made, shall helpe aide and assist the president of the said colledge, and all persons by them from time to time authorized, for the due execution of the said Actes or statutes, upon paine for not giving of suche aide helpe and assistance, to ronne in conteinpte of the Quenes Majestie her heires and successoures. v.

1 MART; Sess. 3. A.D. 1554

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Second Bay of April, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of Q. MARY.

ftotulo tot 3mto rtjprf Rtjjutt Mmt,

$nmo. o

CHAPTER I.

An Acte declaring that the Regall Power of this Readme is in the Quenes Matie as fully and absolutely as ever it was in any of her moste noble Progenitours Kingf of this Readme.

TT^ORASMUCHE as the imperiall crowne of this realme, withe all dignities honours prerogatives aucthorities jurisdictions and preheminences therunto annexed united and belonging, by the dyvine providence of Almighty God, ys most lawfully justly and rightfully discended and come unto the Quenes Highnes that now ys, being the verye true and undoubted heire and inheritrixe therof, and invested in her most royall person, according unto the 1

1 the O. 2 See note at the beginning of the first session of this year; pa. |563J.

A.D. 1554.

1 Mary, St. 3. c. 1.

571

lawes of this realme; and by force and vertue of the same, all regall power dignitie honour aucthoritie prerogative preheminence and jurisdictions dothe apperteine, and of right ought to apperteine and belong unto her Highnes, as to the sovereine supreme govemour and Quene of this realme and the dominions therof, in as full large and ample maner as it hathe done heretofore to any other her most noble progenitours Kinges of this realme: Nevertheles the most auncient statutes of this realme being made by Kinges then reigning, doo not onely attribute and referre all prerogative preheminence power and jurisdiction roiall unto the name of King, but also doo gyve assigne and appointe the correccon and punishment of all offendours agaynst the regaltie and dignitie of the crowne and the lawes of this realme unto the Kinge; by occasion wherof the malitious and ignorant persones may bee hereafter induced and perswaded unto this errour and folly, to thinck that her Highnes coulde ne shoulde have enjoye and use suche lyke royall aucthoritie power preheminence prerogative and jurisdiccon, nor doo ne execute and use all thinges concerning the sayd statutes, and take the benefitt and privilege of the same, nor correcte and punishe offendours against her most royall person and the regaltie and dignitie of the crowne of this realme and the dominions thereof, as the Kinges of this realme her most noble progenitours have heretofore doon enjoied used and exersised: For thadvoiding and clere extinguishement of whiche sayd errour or doubte, and for a playn declaracon of th« lawes of this realme in that behalf; be it declared and enacted by thauctorite of this pnte Pliament, that the lawe of this realme is and ever hathe been and ought to bee understande, that the kinglye or regall office of the realme, and all dignities prerogative royall power preheminences privilegies authorities and jurisdictions therunto annexed united or belonging, being invested either in male or female, are and bee and ought to bee as fully wholly absolutely and [enteerly1] demed judged accepted invested and taken in thone as in thother; so that what or whansoever statute or law doothe lymitte and appointe that the King of this realme may or shall have execute and doo any thing as King, or dothe geve any profitt or comodite to the King, or dothe lymitte or appointe any paines or punishement for the correction of offendours or transgressoures against the regaltie and dignitie of the King or of the crowne, the same the Quene, (being supreme govemesse possessour and enheritour to the imperiall crowne of this realme as our sayd sovereigns ladye the Quene most justly presentlye is,) may by the same aucthoritie and power likewise have exersice execute punishe correcte and doo, to all intentes construcffins and purposes without doubte ambiguitie scruple or question: any customs use or scruple or any other thing whatsoever to be made to the contrary notwithstanding.

the name of King only used in the ancient statutes of the realm;

the kingly office and prerogative declared to be eqipl, whether vested in male or female; and a Queen Regent to have all the powers of a King.

1 entierly O.

( 572 )

vi.

All trials for treasons shall be according to the common law.

vin.

Concealment of treason declared misprision only.

Cattle distrained shall not be driven out of the hundred, except to an open pound, &c.

No distress shall be impounded in several places.

STATUTES OF KING PHILIP AND QUEEN MARY.

1 & 2 PHILIP & MART. A.D. 1554. & 1554-5.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Twelfth Day of November,

In the FIRST and SECOND Years of the Reign of K. PHILIP and

Q. MARY, AND THERE CONTINUED UNTIL THE SIXTEENTH DAY OF

January following.

<&X ftotuto $arliammti be amtfe rrgnormn ^Inltppi ftegte 1 iHarfe &egme, $rimo "t &enmbo.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte wherby certayne Offences bee made Tresons; and also for the Govemement of the Kinges and Qnenes Majesties Issue.

a

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, that all trialls hereafter to be hadd awarded or made for any treasone, shalbe hadd and used onelye according to the due order and course of the common lawes of this realme and not otherwise.

Provided alwaies and be it declared and enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that conceylement or keping secrett of any highe treason be demed and taken onely misprision of treason, and the offendo therin to forfeite and suffer as in cases of misprision of treason hathe heretofore bene used; any thing above mentioned to the contrarie notwithestanding.

* i

CHAPTER XII.

An Act touching thimpounding of Distresses.

T?OR thavoiding of grevous vexations exaccons troubles and disorder in taking of distresses and impoundyng of cattayle: Be it enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliant, that from and after the first daye of Aprill next coming, no distres of cattell shall bee dryven out of the hundrede rape wapentake or lathe wher suche [distresses*] ys or shalbe taken, excepte it bee to a pownde overte within the said shyre, not above three myles distante from the place where the said distresse ys taken; and that no cattell or other gooddes, distreigned or taken by way of distresse for any maner of cause at one tyme, shalbe impounded in severall places, wherby the owner or owners of suche distres shalbe constreyned to sue severall replevin for the delyverye of the said distresse so taken at one tyme; upon payne every persone offending 1

1 dystresse O.

A.D. 1554 k 1554-5. I & 2 Pmup & Mary, c. 12. 578

oontrarye to this Acte shall forfaite to the partye graved for every suche offence, one handrethe shillinges and treble damages.

And farther he it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, that after the said first daye of Aprill, no pson or psons shall take for keping impownde impownding or pondage of any maner of distres, above the some of ii\j d. for any one hole distres that shalbe so impounded, and where les hathe bene used, ther to take les, upon the payne of fyve powndes to be payd to the partie graved, over and besides suche monye as he shall take above the some of iiij d, any usage or prescription to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

2 & 3 PHILIP & MARY. A.D. 155B.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Holden at Westminster, on the Twenty-first Day of October,

In the SECOND and THIRD Years of the Reign of K. PHILIP and

Q. MARY.

ftotuio $arltammti tie atutte rejporum |3ttltppt &tg\g et fflmt Rrginr, ft Crrtfo. li

CHAPTER TO An Acte agaynst the byeng of stolen Horses.

XpORASMUCHE as stolen horses mares k geldinges, by theves k their confederates bee for the moste pte solde exchanged gyven or put awaye in houses stables backsydes k other secrett k pry vie places of marketes k fayres, and the toll also pryvily payde for the same, wherby the true owners therof, being not hable to trye the falshode k covyn betwene the buyer k seller of suche horse mare or gelding, ys by the comon lawes of this real me wtfcout remedye: Bee yt therefore enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam1, that the owner goveraor ruler fermo* stuarde baylyef or cheyfe keper of every faire & markett overt w^in this realme k other the Queenes dominions, shall before the feast of Easter next, and so yerely, appoynt k lymit out one certayn & speciall open place w^in the towne place feylde or cyrcuite where horses mares geldings & coltes hathe been k sha bee used to bee solde in any fayre or market overt; in w* said certayn k open place as ys afo resay d, there shalbee by the said ruler or keper of the said fayre or market, put in k appoynted one sufficient pson or more to take toll & kepe the same place, from tenne of the clod: before none untill sane set of every day of thaforesaid faire k market, upon payne to lose k forfaite for every defalte xl *» And that every toll gatherer his deputie or deputies shall, during the tyme of every the said faires & markets, take their doe k lawfull tolles for every I

I *It appears by aa extract from the Parliament Boll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (rdsne A p, 255. >, that the printed eofleetiom contain twenty-three Acts of this session, hot that only the first twenty-one of these are on the roO, and that the reanuaiag two are printed in the fttatates of the Kasha from the originals preserved in the rsriitawaf Offiefe]

It.

hVr on Impounding 4d. only.

Frauds In sales of stolen horses \

a place shall be appointed In each fair, for the sale of horses hi open day, and tolls shall be taken thereon, the parties and the horse being all pgetbert and a note made thereof in the tofJ-heeper'e booh j FeaaJty 40s.

II.

Property in a hone having been stolen shall not be divested out of the owner, except on sale in open fair, under the directions of this Act; and horse otherwise sold may be seized by the owner, &c.

574 2 & 3 Philip & Maby, c. 7. A.D. 1555.

suche horse mare gelding or colte at the sayd open place to bee appoynted as ys beforesayd, and [betwenx] the houres of tenne of the clock in the morning and the sune sett of the same day, yf yt bee tendered, & not at any other tyme or place; and shall have pntly before him or them at the taking of the same tolle, the pties to the bargayn exchange gifte contract or patting awaye of every suche horse mare gelding or colte, and also the same horse mare gelding & colte so soldo exchanged or put awaye, and shall then write or cause to bee writton in a booke to bee kept for that purpose, the names surnames & dwelling places of all the said pties, and the colo*, w*1 one special marke at the least of every suche horse mare gelding or colte, in paine to forfeits at & for every defaulte contrary to the teno* hereof xl a And the sayd toll gatherer or keper of the said booke, shall w^in one day next after every suche faire or market, bring & delyver his said book to thowner govemo1 ruler stewarde bailief or cheif keper of the said faire or market, who shall then cause a note to bee made of the true nomber of all horses mares geldings & coltes solde at the sayd market or faire, and shall there subscribe hys name or set his mark therunto, upon payne to him that shall make default therin, to lose and forfeite for every defaulte fortye shilling^, and also taunswer the ptie greved, by reason of the same his negligence in eveiy behalf.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that the sale gifte exchange or putting away, after the last day of Februarye nowe next cumyng, in any faire or markett overte of any horse mare gelding (*) colte, that ys or shalbee thevishely stolen or feloniously taken awaye from any pson or psons, shall not alter take awaye nor exchange the pptie of any pson or psons to or from any suche horse mare gelding or colte, unles the same horse mare gelding or colte shalbee, in the time of the said faire or market wherin the same shalbee solde gyven exchanged or put away, openly ridden ledd walked dryven or kept standing by the space of one houre together at the least, betwext tenne of the clock in the morning & the sune setting, in thopen place of the faire or market wherin cdmonly horses arre comonly used to bee solde, & not w^in any house yarde backside or other pry vie or secrett place; and unles all the pties to the bargains contracte gifte or exchange, pnte in the said faire or market, shall also c5me together, & bring the horse mare gelding or colte, so solde exchanged given or put awaye, to thopen place appointed for the tolle taker or for the book keper where no toll ys due, and ther enter or cause to bee entred their names & dwelling places in maner as ys aforesaid, wth the collo1, or coullo18, & one speciall marck at the least, of every the same horses mares geldings or coltes, in the tollers booke or in the kepers book for that purpose wher no toll ys due as ys aforesaid, and also paye him their toll yf they ought to paye any, and yf not then the byer to gyve one peny for thentry of their names & executing thother circumstances afore rehearsed, to him that shall write the same in the sayd booke; and yf any horse mare gelding or colte, that ys or shalbee thevishely stollen or taken away, shall after the said last day of Februarye nexte coming bee solde gyven exchanged or put away in any faire or market, & not used in all poyntf according to the teno1 & entent of this estatute, that then thowner of every suche horse mare

xbetwyxe O.

*or O.

A.D. 1555.

2 & 3 Philip & Mart, a 7,18.

575

gelding or calte shall & may by force of this est&tute sense or take agayne the said horse mare gelding or colte, or have any accon of detinue or W|Jovin for the same, any sale gifte exchaunge or putting away of any suche horse man' gelding or colte, other then according to this estatute, in any wise notwithstanding; thone half of w* forfeitures to bee to the King & Queues Ma1* her heires & successoures, & thother to him or them that will sue for the same before the justices of peace, or in any of the King & Queues Ma* ordinarie courtes of recorde, by byll playnt accon of dett or informac&n, in suytea no proteccon essoigne or wager of lawe shalbee allowed.

And bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that the justices of peace of every place & countie aswell w^in liberties as w^kjut, shall have aucthoriteo in their sessions, wi^n the limites of their aucthoritee & comission, tenquyre heare & determyne all offences agaynst this estatute, as they may doo any other matter triable before them.

Provided always, that in every suche faire & market, where any toll ya nor shalbee due ne leviable by reason of the freedome liberty or pry viledgo of the said faire or market, the keper or kepers of the booke touching thexecuoSn of this pnte Acte, shall take nor exacte but one penye upon & for every contracte, for his labour in writing then try e concerning the premisses in maner and fourme as ys before declared.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte touching Comissions of the Peace and Gaole Delyverye in Townes Corporate, not being Counties in themselfes.

TTTHEEE the Kyng & Quenes most excellent Highnes Si their noble " progenitors Kings of this realme, have heretofore granted their severall comissions, directed aswell unto the maion recorders Si other grave men & inhabitantes of certeyne auncyent & famous cities & townes corporate w^in their realme of Englande, not being counties in themselves, as also unto dy vers other worshipfull & learned men, dwelling out of the same cities Si townes corporate, aswell for the keping of their peace good ordring of their people Si executing of their lawes Si statutes w&in the same cities Si townes corporate, as also for the delyverie of their Ma*? prisoners reinayning in the gaole there; and after the granting of suche comissions, their have granted divers other like comissions unto certayne worshipfull Si learned men of the shires lathes rapes ridinges & wapentakes of this realme of Englande for the [con-firmacon *] of their peace, and also delivering of theyr prisoners remayning in their gaoles w^in the same shires lathes rapes ridinges & wapentakes; w* commyssions so hearing a later date have been a supersedeas Si clere di*- chardge unto all & singler the said former commissions granted unto the said cities Si townes corporate, not being counties in themselfes, so that the said maio* & other grave Si cheifest officers of every suche citic Si towne corporate, have been chardged to sue for the renuing againe of suche comis* sions, bothe for the peace & gaole deliverie, to the greate expenses costes k chardges of the said mayor & other thinhabitantes of suche cities k Utwum

Application of pettaltim.

lit

Jutlict* Of JHMU't* may determine offence.

IV.

Foe oo entry whew no toll l« payable.

Commisftioni of the peace, kc, to may on, Ac. of town* corporate, not belna countie* of thcmaalvaa, shall not bo opened*! by any apeclal commiiwiona of the like nature.

576

2 & 3 Philip & Mary, c. 18.

A.D. 1555.

corporate, and to the greate protracting & delaye of justice ther in the meane tyme: For reformacon wherof, and for the better avauncement of justice in the premisses, bee it therfore enacted by the King & Quenes Ma^88 the lordes spuall & temporall, & the comons in this pnte Pham* assembled, & by thaucthoritee of the same, that all & singler comission & comissions granted or to bee granted to any suche citie or towne corporate, not being as ys aforesaid a county in yt self, for the keping of their peace & deliverie of their prisonen remayning in the gaoles of any suche citie or towne corporate not beyng a countie in yt self, shall stande remayne & bee good avayleable & effectuall in the la we to all intentes construccons & purposes; the granting of any like comission of Q) peace or gaole delyverie to anny comissioner or comissionen for the conservacon of the peace, or delyverie of the prisoners remayning in the gaole of any shire lathe rape riding or wapentake w^in this realme of Englande, bearing date after the said comission or comissions granted as ys aforesaid to any suche citie or towne corporate not being as yB aforesayd a countie in yt selfe, to the contrarye notwithestanding.

STATUTES OF QUEEN ELIZABETH.

1 ELIZABETH. A.D. 1558-9.

STATUTES made in the PARLIAMENT,

Holden at Westminster, on the Twenty-fifth Day of January, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

tfjr nottilo parliament! lie Stono regm aflijabette fccjlfof primo. w

Statute! made temp. Hen. VIU. against all foreign jurisdiction, repealed by Stat 1 & 2 P. & M. c. 8.

CHAPTER I

An Acte restoring to the Crowne thaucyent Jurisdiction over the State Ecclesiasticall and Spuall, and abolyshing all Forreine Power repugnaunt to the same.

MOST humblie beseshen yo7 most excellent Ma^ yo7 faithefull and obedient subjectes the lordes spuall and temporall, and the comons in this yo1 pnte Plament assembled; that where in time of the raigne of yo1* most dere father of worthie memorie King Henry Theight, divera good lawes and statutes were made and established, aswell for thutter extinguishement and putting awaye of all usurped and forraine powers and authorities out of this yo7 realme and other yoT Highnes dominions and countreis, as also for the

1 the 0.

J a It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 4. p. 349), that chapter 21. in the Statutes of the Realm is not on the roll, but is printed from the original Act in the Parliament Office. It also appears that chapters 19, 20, 22-24. in the Statutes of the Realm are numbered differently on the roll.J

A.D. 1558-9.

1 Klixamth, e. 1.

restoring and muting to the imperiall crowne of this wdiw thauurieut juriadiccons aucthoritees superiorities and preheminencie* to the same of right belonging and appertaining; by reason wherof wee jo1 most humble and obedient subjectes, from the five and twen tie yere of the reigne of yo* said dere father, were continually kepte in good order, and were disburdened of divero greate and intoller&ble charges and exaccSna before that time unlawfully taken and exacted by suche forreine power and auothoritee aa before that was usurped, untill suche time as all the said good lawes and statutes by one Act of Plain* made in the first and seoonde yeres of the raignos of the lato King Philipp and Qnene Marye, yor Highness syster, entituled An Aote ro|*e»tl-ing al statutes articles and provirions made against the sea apostoliko of Homo since the twentithe yere of King Henry Theight, and also for the establish'*-ment of all spuall and eccleaiasticall possessions and hereditamentes eonvoiod to the laytie, were all clerely repealed and made voide, as by the same Auto of repeals more at large doth and maye Appears: By reason of whiolu* Aoto of repeals yo1 said humble subjectes were eftesones brought under an usurped forreine power and ancthoritee, and yet doo remains in that bondage, to the intollereable chardges of yonre loving Bnbjeotes, yf some redresso by thauetho* rite of this yo* Highe Courts of Plament withe thaasent of yor Highnes, l*oo not had and provided: Maie it thebtobb please yor Highnes, for the ro- RmIimI Nisi, pressing of the said usurped forreine power, and the restoring of the rightos *>d!'

jurisdiccon and preheminences apparteining to the imperiall orowne of this yor realme, that it may be enacted by thancthorite of this pnte Viand, that the said Acte made in the said first and seconds yeres of the reignes of the said late King Philipp and Qnene Marie, and all and every broncho clauses and articles therin conteyned (other then suche branches clauses and sentences as hereafter shalbe excepted) maye from the last daye of this session of Vlament, by ancthoritee of this pnte Vlament, be repealed, and shall from titensfbrth* be utterly voide and of none effecte.

And that also for the reviving of divers of the said good lawes and statutes made in the time of yor said dere father, it maye also please yor Highnes, that one Acte and statute made in the three ami twentithe yere of the reigne of the said late King Hemye Theight, entituled, An Acte that no person shalbe cited out of the diocese where be or she dwellethe, excepts in certayne cases; and one other Acte made in the xxiiij0* yere of the reigne of the said late King, entituled, An Act that appeals* in suche case* as list!m bene used to he pursued to the sea of Borne, shall not be* from hensfisttbe had ne uaed hut within this realme; and one other Acte made in the xxv* yere of the said late Kingf1;, concerning restraint of payment of annates and first fruites of archebuhoprike* and Isisboprike* to the sea of Home; and one other Acte in the arid xxv jere, entituled, An Acte concming (Is submission of the dergie to the Kinges Ma*; ami alto met Aete aoade in the said xxv*k yert, enutuied, An Acte restraining ties ment of annate* or firste fruites to the Bi-hcpp of Brene, and of tie ejecting and eonrecreting of archebkLoj^ts and Whcfjf.e* aitiln ti.it reahne; end one other Acte made in the arid xxv jwt, entivjiod, An Acte conowning tie: exonc-raccn <f the

lb

OrUtiu eUUetm *1*,

3» II. VIII.

«, 9. fvr*igM rUmtUtm f

u \\e via.


U$ lOmmt * He SiWe *. w. ytfmn4 *4 * i %%W, VUf,

i

%% H Vtlie

* ii Vll<>

4 2J.

e

1 TW Ait frimt-i i» 2X H«l VJJL XX, cii uA tvrh* tu* /v*) *

util 25 H«iu YIIL h* p*. \Vfit mmUl i*4* L

4 / V

578

1 Elizabeth, c. 1.'

AJ>. 1558-9.'

26 H. VIII. c. 14. suffragans;

28 H. vin.

c. 16. dispensations;

the said statutes extended to the Queen, her heirs and successors.

in.

St. 32 H. YIIL c. 38. as to marriages, as amended by 2, 3 E. VI. c. 23.

87 h. vni.

c. 17. doctors of law; revived and confirmed.

IV.

All statutes repealed by 1 & 2 P. & M. c. 8. and not hereby revived, shall continue repealed.

V.

St 1 E. VI. c. 1. Sacrament of the Altar, revived.

Kinges subjectes from exactions and impositions heretofore p&ide to the pea of Rome, and for having lycenses and dispensations within this realme wtkoufc suing further for the same; and one other Acte made in the xxvj^ yere of the sayd late King, entituled, An Acte for nomination and consecration of suffraganes within this realme; and also one other Acte made in the xxviijtk yere of the reigne of the said late King, entituled, An Acte for the release of suche as have obteyned pretended lycences and dispensations from the sea of Rome; and all and every branches wordes and sentences in the said severall Actes and statutes conteyned, by aucthoritee of this pnte Piamt from and att all tymes after the last daye of this session of Plain*, shalbee revived and shall stande and bee in full force* and strengths to all intentes construccons and purposes; and that the branches sentences and woordes of the gaid severall Actes and every of them, fromthensforthe shall and may be judged demed and taken to extende to yo* Highnes yor heires and successoures, as fully and lardgelye as ever the same Actes or annye of them did extende to the said late King Henrye Theight yor Highnes father.

And that it may also please yor Highnes that it maye bee enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Plain* that so muche of one Acte or statute made in the xxxijtt yere of the reigne of yor sayd dere father King Henrye Theight, entituled, An Acte concerning precontraetes of manages, and touching degrees of consanguinitee, as in the time of the late King Edwarde the Syxthe your Highnes most dere brother by one other Acte or statute was not repealed; and also one Acte made in the xxxvii^ yere of the reigne of the sayd late King Henrye the Eight, entituled, An Acte that doctours of the cyvill lawe being maried, maye exercise ecclesiasticall jurisdictyon, and all and every branches and articles in the sayd twoo Actes last mentioned and not repealed in the tyme of the sayd late King Edwarde the Syxte, maye fromhensforthe lykewise stande and bee revived and remayne in their full force and strengths to all intentes and purposes; any thing conteyned in the sayd Acte of repeals before mentioned or any other matter or cause to the contrarye notwithe-standing.

And that yt maye also please yo1 Highnes that it maye bee further enacted by thaucthoryte aforesaid, that all other lawes and statutes, and the branches and clauses of any Acte or statute, repealed and made voide by the sayd Acte of repeale made in the tyme of the said late King Philipp and Quene Marye, and not in this pnt Acte specially mentioned and revived, shall stande remaine and bee repealed and void, in suche like maner and fourme as they were before the making of this Acte; any thing herein conteined to the contrarye notwithstanding.

And that it may also please yo* Highnes that it maye bee enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that one Acte and statute made in the first yere of the reigne of the late King Edwarde the Sixte, yo* Ma* most dere brother, entituled, An Acte against suche psons as shall unreverentlye speake againste the Sacrament of the Bodye and Bloodde of Christ, comonly called the Sacrament of the Aulter, and for the receiving thereof under bothe kindes; and all and every branches clauses and sentences therein conteined, shall and maye likewise from the last daye of this session of Pl&m* bee revived and fbom-thensforthe shall and maye stande remaine and bee in full force strengths and effecte to all intentes construccons and puiposes, in suche like maner and

569

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte touching thincorporations of the Pbisitions in London.

%l7HERE in the Pliament holden at London the xv daye of Aprill in the * " xiiij yere of the raigne of our late soveraygne lorde King Henrie Theight, and from thens adjourned to Westminster the last daye of Julye in the XVth yere of the raigne of the same King, and ther holden; it was enacted, that a certeyne graunte by letters patentes of incorporation, made and graunted by our said late King to the phisitions of London, and all clauses and articles con-teined in the same graunte shoulde be approved graunted ratified and confirmed by the same Parliament: For the consideration therof be it enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliament, that the sayd statute or Acte of Pliament, withe every article and clause therin ^conteined, shall from hensforthe stande and continue still in full strengthe force and effecte; any Acte statute lawe customs or any other thing made hadd or used to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

And for the better reformation of divers enormities happening to the comon-welthe by the evill using and undue administration of phisick, and for the enlarging of further articles for the better execution of the thingf con teined in the said graunt enacted; be it therfore nowe enacted, that whensoever the presidente of the Colledge or Comonaltie of the Facultie of Physicke of London for the time being, or such as the said president and colledge shall yerely according to the tenor and meaning of the said Acte aucthorise to searche examine corrects and punrahe all offendours and transgressours in the said facultie within the same citie and precincte in the said Acte expressed, shall sende or comit any suche offendour or offendours, for his or their offences or disobedience contrarye to any article or clause conteyned in the said graunte or Acte, to any warde gayle or pryson within the same citie and precincte, (the Towre of London except,) that then from time to tyme the warden gaolour or keper, wardeines geylours or kepers of the wardes gayles or prisons within the citie or precincte aforesayd (excepte before excepted) shall receyve into his or their prisons all and every suche persons and persons so offending, as shalbe so sent or comitted to him or them as is aforesayd, and ther shall safely kepe the person or persons so comitted in any of their prisons, at the proper costes and chardges of the said person or persons so cdmitted, without bayle or tnayneprise, until 1 suche time as such offendour or offendors or disobedientes be dischardged of the said imprisonement by the said president, and suche persons as by the said colledge shalbe therunto aucthorised; upon payn that all and every suche wardeyn gaylor or keper doing the contrary shall lose and forfeite the double of suche fine and amerciament, as suche offender and offenders or disobedientes shalbe assessed to paye, by suche as the said president and colledge shall aucthorise as aforesaid, so that the same fyne and amerciament bee not at any one tyme above the some of twentye powndes; the moitie therof to be employed to thuse of our soveraygne ladye the Quene her heires and successoures, thother moitie unto the said president and colledge: All whiche forfeitures to be recovered by accon of dett bill plainte or information in any of the Quenes her heires and successoures courtes of recorde, against any suche wardeyn gaylour or keper so offending; in whiche suite no

St. u, 15 H. VIII. c. 5. incorporating physicians in London, confirmed.

II.

Offenders committed by president of the College of Physicians, &c. shall be duly kept by gaolers, &c.

Penalty, double the fine of such offenders, &c.

580

1 Elizabeth, c. 1.

A.D. 1558-9.

x

oath to be taken before

exercising

office.

XI. Persons refusing to take the oath on promotion, &c. declared disabled.

xn.

Persons > suing livery, doing homage, &c. shall take the said oath;

and persons taking orders or degrees in universities.

ecclesiasticall or spuall within this realme, and therfore I doo utterly renounce and forsake all forraine jurisdiccftns powers supiorities and aucthorities, and doo promise that fromhensforthe I shall beare faithe and trae allegiance to the Queues Highnes her heires and lawfull successoures, and to ray power shall assist and defende all juris-diccbns preheminences privileges and aucthorities granted or belonging to the Quenes Highnes her heires and successoures, or united or annexed to thimperiall crowne of this realme: So helpe me God and by the contentes of this booke. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

.............. And that all and every pson and psons that at any time

hereafter shall bee preferred promoted or collated to any arcbebishoprike or bishopricke, or to any other spuall or ecclesiasticall benefice promotion dignitie office or ministerye, or that shalbe by your Highnes yo* heires or successoures preferred or promoted to any temporall or laye office ministerye or service within this realme or in any yor Highnes dominions, before he or they shall take upon him or them to receive use exercise supplye or occupie anye suche archbishoprick bishoprick promotion dignitie office ministerye or service, shall likewise make take and receive the said corporall othe before mentioned upon the Evangelyst, before suche psons as have or shall have aucthoritye tadmitte any suche pson to anye suche office ministerye or service, orells before suche persone or persones as by your Highnes your heyres or successoures by commission under the greate seale of Englande shalbe named assigned or appoincted to minister the sayd othe. {Rep. so far as relates to any oath to be taken by a person who is ordained or licensed to a stipendiary curacy, or presented, instituted, collated, elected, or licensed to any benefice, perpetual curacy, lectureship, or preachership, 28 & 29 Vict c. 122. s. 15.J

And that it maye likewise be further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that if anye suche psone or psones as at any tyme hereafter shalbee promoted preferred or collated to any suche promotion spuall or ecclesiasticall benefice office or ministerye, or that by yor Highnes yo* heires or successor shalbe promoted or preferred to any temporall or laye office ministerye or service shall and* doo peremptorilie and obstin&telie refuse to take the same othe so to him to bee offredd, that then he or they so refusing shall presentlie be judged disabled in the lawe to receive take or have the same promotion spuall or ecclesiasticall, the same temporall office ministerye or service, within this realme or anye other yo* Highnes dominions to all intentes construccons and purposes. {Rep. as mentioned with respect to part of sect. 10.}

And that yt maie be further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that all and every pson and psons temporall suing lyverie or oustre le maine out of thandes of yor Highnes yo* heires or successours, before his or their lyverie or oustre le maine sued foorthe and allowed, and every temporall pson [andl] psons dooing any homage to yo* Highnes your heires or successoures, or that shalbee received into service withe yo* Highnes yor heires or successoures, shall make take and receive the said corporall othe before mentioned, before the lorde chancello* of Englande or the lorde keper of the greate seale for the tyme being, or before suche pson or psons as by yo* Highnes yo* heires or successours shalbe named and appointed taccepte or receive the same; and that also all and every pson and psons taking orders, and all and every other pson and psons which© shalbe promoted or preferred to any. degree of leming in

1 Elizabeth, c. 1.

581

anye universitie within this yo* realms or dominions, before he shall receive or take any suche orders or bee preferred to any suche degree of learning, shall make take and receive the said othe by this Acte set foorthe and declared as ys aforesaid, before his or their ordinarie comissarie chancellonr or vice-chauncellour or their sufficient deputies in the said universitie.

Provided alwaies and that it maye be further enacted by thaucthorite Tin. aforesaid, that if any pson having annye estate of inheritance in any tempor&ll office or offices shall hereafter obstinately and pemptorilie refuse taccepte and &c. taking the take the said othe as is aforesaid, and after at any time during his lyef shall willingly require to take and receive the said othe, and so doo take and accept be restored, the same othe before any pson or psons that shall have lawfull aucthoritye to minister the same, that then every such pson iihediatlie after he hathe so received the same othe sbalbe vested demed and judged in like estate and possession of the said office as he was before the said refusall, and shall and maye use and exercise the sayd office in suche maner and fourme as he shoulde or might have doon before suche refusall; any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

And for the more sure observaoin of this Acte and thutter extinguishement XIV. of all forraine and usurped power and aucthoritie, maye it please yo* Highnes that it maye be further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, that yf any pson by writing, or psons dwelling or inhabiting within this yo* realme, or in any other yo* ahS^mamtiin Highnes realmes or dominions, of what estate dignitie or degree soever he or anj foreign they bee, after thende of thirtie dayes next after the determinacon of this diction* wiihin session of this pnte Pliam*, shall by writing printing teaching preaching the realm i expres woordes dede or acte advisedlye maliciouslie and directly affirme holde stande withe set foorthe maintayne or defende thaucthorite prehemi-nence power or jurisdiccon spuall or ecclesiasticall of any forreine prince prelate pson state or potentate whatsoever heretofore claimed used or usurped within this realme or any dominion or countrey being w^in or under the power dominion or obeysance of yo* Highnes, or shall odvisedlie maliciouslie and directlie put in ure or execute anye thing for thextolling advauncement setting foorthe maintenance or defence of any suche pretended or usurped jurisdiccon power preheminence or aucthoritee, or anye parte therof, that then every First offence, suche pson and psons so doing and offending their abettoures aidoures pro- ^J|Ju"c0f curours and couseilours, being therof lawfully convicted and attainted according to the due order and course of the comon lawes of this realme, for his or their first offence shall forfeite and lose unto yor Highnes yo* heires and successoures, all his and their gooddes and cattelles aswell reall as pson all; {So much of this Act os makes it punishable to do any of the acts in this section mentioned, or to abet, aid, procure, or counsel any person so offending, rep., the following provisoes being added to the repeal, —

Provided always, and be it declared, that nothing in this enactment contained shall authorize or render it lawful for any person or persons to affirm, hold, stand with, set forth, maintain, or defend any such foreign power, pre-eminence, jurisdiction, or authority, nor shall the same extend further than to the repeal of the particular penalties and punishments therein referred to, but in all other respects the law shall continue the same as if this enactment had not been made: Provided further, that if any person in holy orders according to the rites and ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland shall affirm, hold, stand with, set forth, maintain, or defend any such foreign power, pre-emiuence, jurisdiction, or authority, such person shall be incapable of holding any ecclesiastical promotion, and, if in possession of any such promotion, may be deprived thereof by due course of law, in the same manner as for any other cause of deprivation, 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. s. l.J....

582

1 Elizabeth, c. 1.

A.D. 1558-9.

XV. Limitation of prosecution for preaching, &c. half a year.

YVT.

St 1 & 2 P.&M. c. 8. continued in force as to premunire.

xvni.

Peers shall be tried by peers.

XIX.

No art of this Parliament shall be deemed heresy, &c.

XXI. Offences under this Act shall be proved by two witnesses, confronted with the accused.

XXII. Proviso for persons aiding

And also that yt maie likewise please yO1, Highnes that it maye be enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that no maner of pson or psons shalbe molested or impeached for any thoffences aforesaid comitted or ppetrated onelie by preaching teaching or woordes, onles hee or they be therof lawfullye endicted within the space of one half yere nexte after his or their offences so comitted; and in case any pson or psons shall fortune to bee imprisoned for any of the said offences cdmitted by preaching teaching or woordes onelye, and bee not therof indicted within the space of one half yere next after his or their suche offence so c&mitted and doone, that then the Baid pson so imprisoned shall be sett at lybertie and bee no longer deteyned in prison for any snche cause or offence.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that this Acte or any thing therin conteined shall not in any wise extends to repeale any clause matter or sentence conteined or specified in the said Acte of repeale made in the said first and seconds yeres of the reignes of the said late King Philippe and Quene Marye as dothe in any wise touche or conoerne anye matter or case of preminire, or that dothe make or ordeine any matter or cause to bee within the case of preminire, but that the same for so muche onely as toucheth or concemethe any case or matter of preminire, shall stande and remaine in suche force and effects as the same was before the making of this Acte; any thing in this Acte conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And if yt happen that anny peare of this realme shall fortune to bee endicted of and for anny offence that ys revived or made preminire or treason by this Acte, that then he so being indicted shall have his triall by his peers, in suche like manner and fourme as in other cases of treason hathe been used.

(*) Provided alwais and be it enacted as is aforesaid, that no maner of order acte or determinacon for annye matter of religion or cause ecclesiasticall had or made by thaucthorite of this pnt Pliamt, shalbe accepted demed inter-pretate or adjudged at ady time hereafter to be any erro* heresie scisme or scismaticall opinion; any order decree sentence consticucon or laws, whatsoever the same bee, to the contrary notwithstanding.


And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, that no pson or psons shalbe hereafter indicted or arrained for anny thoffences made ordeined revived or adjudged by this Acte, oneles ther be two sufficient witnesses or more to testifie and declare the said offences wherof he shalbe indicted or arraigned; and that the sayd witnesses or so many of them as shalbee lyving and within this realme at the tyme of tharraignement of suche pson so indicted, shalbe brought for the in pson, face to face before the partie so arraigned, and ther shall testifie and declare what they can saye against the partie so arraigned, yf he require the same.

Provided also and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that yf anny pson or psons shall hereafter happen to gyve anny relief ayde or comfort© or

1 The following provisoes Jand others omitted herej are annexed to the original Act in four separate schedules.

A.D. 1558-9. 1 EliXARKTH, <x 1. 2. .VS8

in any wise be ayding helping or comforting to the peon or peons of any that shall hereafter happen to bee an offendour in any matter or ease of preminim or treason revived or made by this Acte, that then suohe relyef aydo or com-forte given, shall not bee judged or taken to bee anny offence, onelcssc thcr bee twoo sufficient witnesses at the least that can and will openly tcetifie and declare that the pson or peons that so gave suche relief aide or comforts hadd notice and knowledge of suche offence committed and doon by the said offendour at the tyrae of suche relief ayde or oomforte so to him gyven or minis-tred; anny thing in this Acte contained, or any other matter or enuso to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for the Uniformitie of Common Prayoure and Dyvyno flftrvloo in the Churche, and the Administration of the Sacramontos.

117 HERE at the deathe of our late sovereigns lords King Edwardo the

*' Syxte, there remayned one uniforms order of common sorvico and prayour, and of thadministracon of sacramentes rites and ceremonies in the Churche of Englande, whiche was setfurthe in one booke, ontitulnd The Booke of Common Prayour and administraaSn of Sacramentes and other rites and ceremonies in the Churche of Englande, authorized by Acte of Pliament holden in the fifthe and sizthe yercs of our sayd late sovcrcigno lorde Kyng Edwarde the Syxthe, intituled An Acte for thuniformitee of comon prayour and administration of the sacramentes; the whiche was repealed and taken away by Acte of Pliament in the first yero of the raigne of our late sovereigne ladye Quene Marie, to the greate decayo of the due honour of God and discomforte to the professouree of the truths of Christes religion: Be rr therfore enacted by thauetboritee of this pnte Pliam4, that the said estatute of repeale and everye thinge therin eonteyned, onely concerning the sayd booke and the service administration of sacra-mentes rites and ceremonies conteyned or appointed in or by the said booke, sbalbee voide and of none effects from and after the feast of the Nativitye of S4 John Baptist next coming; and that the sayd booke withe thorder of service and of the odnunistracon of sacramentes rytes and ceremonies withe thdtencon and addicons therin added and appointed by this estatete, shall stande and bee from and after the sayd feasts of the Natyvitee of Sainte John Baptiste in full force and efleete according to the tenoure and effitde of this estatute; annye thing in the aforesaid statute of iepcale to the cootnire notwithestanding.

Asd further be it enacted by the Quen«* Higbnes witbe tiaumut </ [the lonk>']aod in thib yute VYwufi iu&cuAMl, 1 )*y wAht/rtUe

of the wk, that all and sangler imjytm m atty eattrvltaU *# ym* churche or other place tol* nahue of Ym#*A* Walt* a*A U&

mnehes of the «ok, or oiier the ($* 4ouuwjfj*f u$A after

the feast ct the S*tir;te *£ S1 uext

1 So aoo a 'jrjjr juw Tju* »'.r u* *y * w* *+ tft,*a

Paili — ciiiTin f un i i itxK { JV, \i tv.*

Thft Hook of

< 'omttmn lV»y*r Mitho riiPtl by Hi. Akd K. Vr. c. I.

by Hi. I M»ry, t. a. o. a,

Tb«imUi An I Mury, H 1.

?, rttpm»H »o4 (bn MUt H*tk *rf i 'Jtm* mm Yfy*t, mi by lb)# An, wmnrmet.

it

t4 * 4*4 *

* — 4aj

*PI' P ' Wm f

584

1 Elizabeth, c. 2.

A.D. 1558-9.

alterations made therein;

penalty upon ministers refusing to use such common prayer, or using any other, or preaching, See. in derogation thereof;

first offence, forfeiture of one year's profit of benefices, and six months' imprisonment; second offence, one year's imprisonment and deprivation;

third offence, deprivation and imprisonment for life t

If not bene-ficed, first offence, imprisonment for one year; second offence, for life.

to saye and use the mattens evensong celebracon of the Lordes Supper and administracon of eche of the sacramentes and all their comon and open prayour, in suche order and fourme as is mentioned in the said booke so authorised by Pliamt in the said fifthe and sixthe yere of the reigne of King Edwarde the Sixthe, withe one alteracon or addition of certayne lessons to bee used on every Sundaye in the yere, and the fourme of the letanie altered and corrected, and twoo sentences onelye added in the delyverye of the sacrament to the comunicantes, and none other or otherwise: And that yf any maner of psone vycar or other whatsoever minister that ought or should sing or saye comon prayour mentioned in the sayd booke, or minister the sacramentes, from and after the feaste of the Nativitee of S* John Baptist nexte coming, refuse to use the said comon prayers or to ministre the sacrametf in suche cathedrall or parishe churche or other places as he should use to minister the same, in suche order and fourme as they be mentioned and set furthe in the sayd booke, or shall wilfullye or obstinately (standing in the same) use any other ryte ceremonye order fourme or manner of celebrating of the Lordes Supper openly or prively, or mattens evensong administraoon of the sacramentes or other open prayers then ys mentioned and set furthe in the sayd booke, (open prayer in and throughout this Acte is ment that prayer whiche ys for other to come unto, or heare either in comon churches or [pryvyex] chappelles or oratories, comonlye called the Service of the Churche,) or shall preache declare or speake any thing in the derogacbn or depraving of the sayd booke or any thing therin conteyned or of any parte therof, and shalbee therof lawfully convicted according to the lawes of this realme, by verdicte of twelve men, or by his owne confession, or by the notorious evidence of the facte, shall lose and forfeite to the Queues Highnes her heires and successoures for his first offence, the profite of all his spuall benefices or promocons c5ming or arising in one hole yere next after [his *] convicam; and also that the pson so convicted shall for the same offence suffer imprisone-ment by the space of sixe monethes without bayle or mayneprise: And yf any such psone once convicte of anye offence concerning the premisses shall after the first conviccon eftesoones offende and bee therof in fourme aforesaid lawfully convicte, that then the same pson shall for his seconde offence suffer ' imprisoneraent by the space of one hole yere, and also shall therefore bee deprived ipso facto of all his spuall promocons; and that it sh&lbe lawfull to all patrones or donors of all and singler the same spirituall promocons or of any of them, to present or collate to the same, as thoughe the p3on and psons so offending were deade: And that yf anye suche persone or persones after he shall bee twise convicted in fourme aforesaid shall offende against anye of the premisses the thirdde tyme, and shalbee therof in fourme aforesayd lawfully convicted, that then the pson so offending and convicted the thirdde tyme shall be depryved ipso fecto of all his spirituall promotyons, and also shall suffer imprysonement during his lyef: And yf the pson that shall offende and bee [convicted*] in fourme aforesaid, concerning anye of the premisses, shall not bee benefioed nor have any spuall promotion, that then the same persone so offending and convicte, shall for the first offence suffer imprisonement during one hole yere nexte

1 pryvate 0.

2 this 0.

8 convicte 0.

AJX 1558-9,

1 Elizabeth, c. 2.

585

after his said conviction without bail© or maineprise; and if any suche peone not having any spuall promotyon, after his first conviction, shall eftesoones offende in any thing concerning the premisses, and shalbe in fourmo aforesaid therof lawfully convicted, that then the same pson shall for his seconde offence suffer imprisonement during his lyef.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by thaucthoritee abovesayd, that yf any psone or psones whatsoever after the said feaste of the Nativitie of S* John Baptyst next coming, shall in anye entreludes playes songes rymes or by other open woordes, declare or speake anye thing in the derogation depraving or despising of the same booke, or of any thing therin conteyned, or any parte therof, or shall by open facte deede or by open threateninges compell or cause or otherwise procure or mayntayne any psone vicare or other minister in any catbedrall or parrishe churche or in chapell or in any other place, to sing or say any comon or open prayer, or to minister any sacrament, otherwise or in any other maS and fourme then ys mentioned in the said book, or that by any of the said meanes shall unlawfully interrupte or let any parsone vicare or other minister in anye cathedrall or parish© churche chappell or any other place to sing or saye common and open praiour, or to minister the sacramentes or any of them, in suche maner and fourme as ys mentioned in the sayd booke, that then every suche psone being therof lawfully convicted in fourme abovesaid, shall forfeit to the Quene our sovereigne Ibdie her heires and successoures, for the first offence a hundrethe marckes; and yf any pson or psones being once convicte of any suche offence, efteones offende against any of the last resited offences, and shall in fourme aforesaid be therof law-fullye convicte, that then the same pson so offending and convicte' shall for the seconde offence forfeite to the Quene our sovereigne ladye her heires and successoures fowre hundrethe marckes: And yf any person© after he in fourme aforesayd shall have been twyse convicte of anny offence concerning any of the last recited offences, shall offende the thirdd tyme and bee therof in founne abovesayd lawfully convicte, that then every person so offending and convicte shall for his thirdd offence forfeyte to our sovereigne ladye the Quene all his gooddes and cattelles, and shall suffer imprisonement during his lyef; and yf any pson or psons that for his first offence concerning the premisses shall bee convicte in fonrme aforesaid, doo not paye the some to bee payde by vertue of his conviction, in suche maner and fonrme as the same ought to bee payde, within sixe weekes next after his conviction, that then every parson so convicte and so not paieng the same, shall for the same first offence in stede of the sayd some suffer imprisonement by the space of sixe monetises without bayle or maineprise; and yf any psone or psons that for his seconde offence concerning the premisses, sbalbee convicte in fourme aforesayd, doo not paye the said some to bee payde by vertue of his conviction and this ©statute in suche maner and fourme as the same ought to bee payde withein sixe weekes next after his sayd seconde conviction, that then every pson so convicted and not so payeng the* same, shall for the same seconde offence in the stede of the sayd some suffer imprisonement during twelve monetises without boile or maineprise:...............

III. Tensity on persons depriving, to. ths common praye r by songs, speech, to, or causing any other form to be used in churches. or interrupting any minister i

first offence, 100 marks i

second offence, 400 mirks»

third offence, forfeiture of good* end imprisonment for life \

on non-payment of fine# on first and second offences, imprisonment for six and twelve months.

Asd for due execucbn hereof the Queues most excellent Ma* the lorde* temporal! and all the comon* in this pot Pliant* assembled, dootfae in Goddea

The arch' Mopstk€.

1 Elizabeth, c. 4.

A.D. 1558-9.

of spiritual Pliam* of yo* most noble father of famouse memory© King Henry Theight, promotions; holden at Westminster upon prorogation the thirde daye of November in the xxvjth yere of his prosperouse reigne, it was enacted ordeyned and established by thaucthoritee of the same Pliament, amonges other things, that his Highnes his heires and successours Kinges of this realme, shoulde have and enjoy from time to tyme tendure for ever, of every suche pson and psons whiche at any tyme after the firste daye of Januarye then next ensuyng shoulde bee nominated elected prefected presented collated or by any other meanes appointed to have anye archebishopprike bishoprike abbacy monasterye pryorye colledge hospitall archedeaconrye deanrye provostshippe prebende parsonage vicaredge chantrye free chappell or other dignitie benefice office or promotion spuall within this i*ealme, or elsewhere within any of the Kinges domynyons, of what name nature or qualitie soever they were, or to whose fowndaSn patronage or gifte soever they did belong, the first fruites revenues and profittes for one yere of every suche archebyshoprike bishoprike abbacye monasterye priorye colledge hospitall archdeaconrie deanrye provostshippe prebende parsonage vicarage chauntrye free chappell or other dignitie benefice office or promocon spuall aforenamed, wheronto any suche pson or psones shoulde after the sayd first day of Januarye bee nominated elected prefected presented collated or by any other meanes appoyncted; and that every suche psone and psons before any actuall or reall possession, or medling withe the profites of any suche archebishoprick bishoprick abbacye monasterie colledge hospitall deanrye provostshippe prebende parsonage vicarage chanterye free chappell pryorye or other dignitie benefice office or promotion spuall shoulde satisfie content and paye, or compownde or agree to paye to the Kinges use at reasonable dayes uppon goodd suerties the sayd first fruites and profites for one yere: § 5. abolishing And it was further enacted by aucthoritee aforesaid, that the first fruites of another first b^ficeg before that tyme accustomed to be payde to the bishopp of Norwich within his diocesse, and to the archedeacon of Richeraonde within his archedeaconrye, or any other pson or psons within this realme or any other the Kinges dominions, should from the said first daye of Januarye cease and bee extincte and no lenger bee payde, but onelye to the Kinges Highnes his heires § 8. granting to & successoures, in suche fourme as ys before mentyoned: And further yt was MflSndi of enacted by aucthoritee aforesayd, that the Kinges Matie his heires and suc-all spiritual cessoures, for more augmentation & maintenance of the royall estate of his promotions; imperial crowne, shoulde yerely have take enjoye and receyve, united and knitt to his imperiall crowne for ever, one yerely rent or pentyon amownting to the valewe of the tenthe parte of all the revenues rentes formes fcythes offringes emolumentes and of all other profites aswell called spuall as temporall apperteining or belonging, or that from thensfoorthe shoulde belong to any archebishoprick bishoprike abbacye monasterye pryorye archedeaconrye deanrye hospitall colledge house collegiate prebende cathedrall churche collegiate churche conventuall churche parsonage vicarage chantrye free chappell or other benefice or promotyon spuall, of what name nature or qualitee soever they were, w*in any diocesse of this realme or in Wales, the said pention or annuall rent to be yerely payde for ever to the sayd late King his heires and successoures at the feast of the Nativitee of our Lorde God, and the first paiment therof to begine at the feast of the Natyvite of our Lorde God whiche should bee in the yere of our Lorde God [onel] thowsande fyve hundrethe thirty

1 Elizabeth, c. 4.

589

and fy ve, and to bee payd yerely by suche as shoulde bee appointed to have the collectyon therof before the first daye of Aprill next following after the said feast of the Nativite of our Lorde Qod; as in the said Acte rnQre playnelye yt dothe appeare: And where also one other Acte was made and established in the sayd Parliament the said syxe and twentye yere, that no fermour of spuall peons shoulde bee compelled or chardged to pay for their lessours first fruites or yerely pention for the tenthe granted unto the Kinges Highnes notwithstanding any covenants contracte bond or other things made to the contrary; as by the same Acte more playnelye appeareth: And where also at one other session of the same Pliant* holden by prorogac5n at Westminster in the twentye and seventhe yere of the raigne of yor said father, one other Acte was made and established, that the Kinges spuall subjectes shoulde bee deducted and allowed of the tenthe of their spuall promotions for that firsts yere for wliiche they shoulde pays the first fruites; as in the same Acte also more at l&rdge appearethe: And where also in one other Plana* of the sayd late King holden at Westminster in the xxviii*1 yere of his raigne, amongest other thinges it was enacted and ordeyned, that the yere in whiche the first fruites of every benefice and spuall promotion shoulde be payde, shoulde begine and bee accowmpted immediatlie after thadvoydaunce therof; and that the tithes o5modities revenues casualties and profites therof (chantreys onelye except) in the tyme of vacatyon shoulde belong and afferr to the next incumbent towardes the payment of the first fruites; as by the same Acte more at lardge appearethe: And where also in one other Pliam* holden upon prorogation at Westminster in the xxxii yere of the reigne of the sayd late King, one Acte was made and established that bishoppes upon their accomptes of and for the said yerelye tenthe shoulde bee dischardged by their othes of payment of suche some or somes of moneye of the said annuall rent or tenthe as they coulde not laufully levye, and also an order appointed howe the King should be aunswered of the tenthe of any benefice and spuall promotyon omitted in the originall or former certificate of benefices and spuall promotyons mode in the Exchequer; as by the same Acte last mentioned more at lardge appearethe: And where also in the same sessyon and Parlyament holden in the sayd twoo and thirtye yere of the raigne of your Highnes sayd noble father, and by thaucthorite of the same Parlyament, one courte was erected established and made for the better aunswering of the sayd first fruites and tentbes unto the King, called the Courte of First Fruites and Tenthes; as in the same Acte of erection tlierof more fully appearethe: And where also in the same session and Plain* one other Acte was made, wherby the byshoppe of Norwiche for the time being, (being before that dischardged from the collection of the tenthe within bis diocesse,) should be charged and chardgeable for ever for and withe the collection of the same tenthe w*hin his diocesse, and make paym* therof as other bishopes shoulde or ought to doo within their dyooease; as by the same Acte more playnely appearethe: And where also in one other Pliam* of the sayd late King holden at Westminster upon prorogation in the four and thirtye yere of his raigne one Acte was established and made concerning collectours and recey vers to make payment of their receiptee within three monetbes next after the same shoulde be due and payde to the Kinges use, under certayoe penalties therin expressed; as by the same Acte more at lardge appearethe; And where also in the same session and Pliam* it was enacted and established, that the newe erected bishopes of Chester Glocester Peterborough© Bristoll Oxforde and

St 26 H. VIII. o. 17. for lessees of the olergy i

97 H. Till, o. 8. exempting the first year from tenths i

98 H. VIII. c. 11. commencement of first fruits, . Ac.,

89 IL vur. c. 29. regulating the payment of tenths i

82 H. vm. c. 45. erecting the Court of First Fruits,

*C.|

82 H.VIIL e. 47. charging the bishop of Nonrich

34,85 H.VUI. e. 2. for charging collectors, foe.

34,35 H. VIII. e.17. payment of tenths of new fafdbop-riefcs i

590

1 Elizabeth, c. 4.

A.D. 1558-9,

37 H. viil c. 21. §3. first fruits, &c. of united churches;

2, 3 Edw. VI. c. 20. alleviating penalty on default in payment of tenths;

7 Edw. VX c. 4. collectors of tenths;

1 Mary, st. 2. c. 10. empowering the Queen to dissolve, &c. Court of First Fruits, &c.;

the said court dissolved by letters patent 23, 24 Jan.

1 Mary, and united to the Court of Exchequer.

their successoures for ever should paye their tenthes reserved upon then letters pattentes or theyr severall ereccons onelye in the said Courte of the First Fruites and Tenthes for ever; as by the same Acte more at large appearethe: And where also in the Parlyament of the sayd late King holden at Westmynster in the seven and thirtye yere of his raigne, one Acte, entituled An Acte for the unyon of churches not exceding the valewe of syxe pownde, was established and made, wherin is conteyned a saving to the King of the first fruites and tenthes of all churches and chappels not exceding the value of syxe pownde, that then were or fromthensfoorthe shoulde bee united and consolidate in one; as in the same Acte and saving more largelye appearethe: And where also in the Pliant of yo* Highness derest brother of worthye memorye King Edwarde the Syxte, holden att Westminster upon prorogation in the seconde yere of his raigne, one Acte was made, that by the certificate of the bishope of anye dyocesse within this realme or any of the dominions of the same, of [recusances1] or none payment of any tenthe of any benefice or spuall promotyon, thincumbent shoulde leese but the benefice or promotyon onely; as by the same Acte more playnelye appearethe: And where also in one other Eliamt of the said late King Edwarde holden at Westminster in the seventhe yere of his raigne, one Acte was made and established, declaring ho we and in what sorte the under collectors of the tenthe in every diocesse appointed by the bishope shoulde be bownde to dischardge the bishopes of that colleccon, and a longer daye given for the payment of the tenthe, and howe the King shoulde be answered of the tenthe for the tyme of vacation of every benefice and spuall promotion, and that the pattentes of the colleccon of tenthe shoulde bee good onelye during thincumbencies of the grantors; as in the same Acte more at large ys conteyned: And where also in the seconde session of Pliam* of our late sovereigne ladye Quene Marye, yo* Ma^8 derest syster, holden at Westminster in the first yere of her raigne, one Acte was made and established, wherby full power and aucthoritee was gyven and appointed unto her Highnes at her will and pleasure, to alter chaunge unite transpose dissolve or determyne aswell the said Courte of First Fruites and Tenthes as the Courte of Augmentations of the Revenues of the Kynges Crowne and other courtes therin expressed, and to reduce the same courtes or any of them into one twoo or moe courte or courtes, or to unite and annexe the said courtes or anye twoo or moe of them together, or to anye other of her Maties courtes of recordes, as to her yt should be thought most convenient and best for the better suer and more spedye answering of her yerely revenues casualties and profites then answerable in the sayd courtes or anye of them; as in the same Acte more at large is expressed: By vigour and aucthoritee of which© Acte the sayd late Quene by her Graces fowre several letters patentes, wherof twoo beare date the xxiii daye of Januarye in the firste yere of her reigne, and thother twoo the xxiiij^1 daye of January© in the same yere, dyd not onely dissolve determyne and extinguishe the said courtes comonly called and entituled the Courte of Thaugmentac5ns and Revenues of the Kinges Crowne and the Courte of the First Fruites and Tenthes and the jurisdiction and aucthorite therof, but also dyd unyte transpose and annexe the sayd courtes of Augmentations and Revenues of the Kinges Crowne and of the First Fruites and Tenthes so dissolved, to the ( 2) Courte of Thexchequer, ther to continue and bee as a member and percell of the same

A.D. 1558-9.

1 Elizabeth, c. 4.

591

Courte of Thexchequer; and dyd appoynte all and ainguler the revenues casualties profites and hereditaments then answerable in the sayd courtes to thorder role survey© and governance of the said 0001*16 of Thexchequer, ther to bee answered and accowmpted for ever, in suche order manner and fourme as in the sayd latter letters patentee and in twoo sceduies unto the sayd letters patentes annexed ys mentioned and declared; as by the tenour and purporte of the sayd letters patentes and sceduies signed withe her Highnes hand© more playnlye may© appears: By reason of all whiche said premisses not onelye the sayd perpetuall revenues of the first fruites and tenthes granted by the sayd Acte in the xxvj* yere of the raigne of yo* Highnes most noble father, in augmentation and maintenance of the crowne of this realme, but also the tenthes or yerelye rentes reserved nomine decime by anye letters patentes of yo* sayd noble father sithen the sayd xxvj yere of his raygne, and of yo* sayd dearest brother and syster or of any of them, made to any bishoppe and his successoures or to any cathedrall church© dean and chapter colledge or any other ecclesiasticall and spuall person or persons or corporations and their successoures for ever, and also all and every the rentes revenues issues and profites of all and singuler rectories personages and benefices impropriate, glebelandes tithes oblationes pentiones portions and other profites and emolumentes ecclesiasticall and spuall to the same belonging, being in thandes and possession of yo* sayd derest syster at the said xxiiijth daye of Januarye, were ordered answerable and accompted for in the said Courte of Thexchequer, and were thelin well and justly answered and payde unto her Highnes use and behoufe; like as the same had been unto the said twoo noble Kinges her said father and brother, by the space of twenty© yeres without grief or wntrfuliccon of the prelates and clergie of this realme, to the great ayde relief and supportation of thinestimable chardges of the crowne of this realme, whiche dayly since the tyme of the making of the sayd first Acte have encreased and growen more and more: Whiche thing although© the sayd late Quene might and did manifestly© feele and perceyve to bee most true, yet she upon certaine zealous and inconvenient respectes not sufficientlie nor politikely inoughe waieng that matter, nor having dewe consideration and regard© to the mayntenance and upholding and good continuance of the state of thimperiall crowne of this realme in succession, whiche reither neded an augmentation then any diminution, procured and willed an Acte of Pliam* to bee made and provided in the seconde and thirde yeres of the reigne of King Philippe her late husbonde and her, that all paymentes of the said first fruites should© fromthensforthe cease and be clerely extinct© and determined for ever; and that aswell all the said benefices and spuall promotions, as the possessoures owners and incnmbentes therof and their successours, should from and after theight daye of August in the said seconde and thirde yeres and so fromthensforthe at all times for ever bee clerely exonerate acquited and dischardged against the said late King Philip© and Quene Marye her lioires and successoures of and from the payment and paymentes of all and every the sayd first fruites, in as ample and large manner and fourme as they were before the making of the sayd Acte of the first and originall grant therof in the said xxvj* yere of the reigne of the sayd late King yo7 noble father, and as thoughe the same had never bene hadd tie made: And further, that neither the said perpetuall petition annuall rent or tenth© granted by the said first

The said flnt fruits, Ac. paid to her in the Exchequer accordingly.

Impolitic repeal of first fruits, by Sta* tute It, 8 P. & M.

c. 4.

and application of tenuis, ke. to other pur*

1 Elizabeth, c. 4. A.D. 1558-9.

poses, under direction of Cardinal Foie, &c.

Reasons for restoring such first fruits and tenths to the crown;

Acte of the xxvjth yere of the said noble King Henrye, nor also the said severall annnall rentes or tenthes reserved nomine decime, by and upon the said severall Ires patentee of the said late King and Quene made to spuall psons and corporations as ys aforesaid or any of them, from and after the feast of S* Mighell Tharchangell then last past should any more bee payde or payable unto the said late King Philippe and Quene Marye her heires or successoures, but that aswell all the said archebishoprickes bishoprickes and other benefices dignities deanes and chapters colledges corporations and spuall promocons aforesaid, as also the possessours owners proprietaries and incum-bentes of the same and their successoures, from and after the said feast of S* Mighell Tharchangell, shoulde bee clerely exonerate acquited and dischardged of and from the payment therof agaynst them and theires and successors of the same late Quene for ever: And furthermore that the said late King Philippe and Quene Marye her heires or successo from and after the said feast of S* Mighell Tharchangell, shoulde not receive pereeyve take and enjoy anny the issues revenues profites or cdmodities of the said rectories parsonages benefices glebelandes tithes oblacons pentions portions and other profites and emolumentes ecdesiasticall and spuall aforesaid or of any of them, or of the reyertion or revercons of them or of any of them; but in and by the said Acte the same late Kyng and Quene clerely gave over renounced and relinquished, aswell the said rectories parsonages benefices glebelandes tithes oblacons pencons porcons and other profites and emolumentes ecdesiasticall and spuall aforesaid and every of them, and the revercon and revercons of them and every of them, and all their right title use interest and demaunde of in or to the same, from them, and theires and successours of the said late Quene for ever, as also the said perpetuall pencon annuall rent and tenthe, and also the said yerely rents reserved nole decime upon the said severall Ires patentes and all their right title and interest w0*1 they or either of them or theires or successoures of the said late Quene had or mought have badd in or to the same; the same yerely pencon tenthes yerely rentes personages emolumentes and profites to be perceived taken receyved cownted employed used and disposed by the late reverend father in God Reignold Poole late cardinall and legate, and suche other psons as he should name and appointe, and suche other as been specially limited in the said Acte, to and for certayn uses purposes and intentes mentioned in the same Acte, with divers provisions and a saving in the same expressed and conteyned, as by the same more at lardge appearethe: Wee .yo* said humble and obedient subjectes the lordes spuall and temporall and [the*] comons in this yo* pnte Plem* assembled, calling to our remembrance the huge innumerable and inestimable charges of the roiall estate and imperyall crowne of this realme, and bo we the same ys lefte unto yor Matie at this yo* first entrye tlieronto greatly diminished, aswell by reason of the said Acte made in the sayd seconde and thirde yere of the sayd Kyng Philippe and Quene Marye as otherwise, doo conceyve at the botome of our hartes greate sorrowe and hevinesse, as subjectes carefull for their naturall and liege sovereigne ladye, upon whom dependethe the suretie worldlie joye and wealthe of us all; and being no less affected towardes yor MatieB most roiall pson, and the preservacon and maintenance of the same, and

1 Elizabeth, c. 4.

593

of thestate and succession of yoi* Ma*68 said crowne, then were the first grantours of the said first fruites and tenthes towardes yor Higlmes most noble father and his said roiall estate, at the time of their said grante to him therof made, doo accowmpte of verye right and good congruence, no lease then our most bownden dutie to move yor Highnes, and therew^1 most humblie to beseche the same, that the greate disherison and decaye c5mitted and doone to the crowne and estate royall of this yor realme and the succession therof, by reason of the said Acte made in the said seconde and thirde yeres of the reigne of the said King Philippe and Quene Marye, maye at this Plemt be reformed and avoided; and that w^ yor Highnes favour and roiall assent, it maye bee enacted ordeined established and provided by aucthorite of this pnte Plemt in maner and fourme hereafter ensuyng, that ys to saye: That the said Acte made in the seconde and thirde yeres of the reigne of the said late King Philippe and Quene Marie, and all articles clauses and sentences therin conteined, shalbee from and after the firste daye of this pnte Plemt utterly and clerely repealed made voide and of no force ne effecte; and all authorities and liberties granted lymited and appointed in and by the said Acte to the said late Cardynall Poole, or made or deryved by force strengthe or coulour of the same Acte by or from the said late cardynall to anny other person or psons bodies politick or corporate, to cease and bee utterly voyde and determyned; and that the said first fruites and all paimentes therof from and after the said first daye of this Parliament shalbe revived and have their being and continuance againe, and bee demed and adjudged to all intentes construcrons and purposes in the Quenes Highnes most royall person her heires and successo, and united and annexed to thimperiall crowne of this realme, of and in suche lyke and the same estate interest title qualitee sorte degree and condicon, and in as ample and beneficiall maner and fourme, as the same was or were in the pson or possession of the said late Quene Marye at and before the said eight daye of August, in the said Acte of extinguisbe-ment mentioned and expressed; the same Acte of extinguishement or any hres patentee or any other matter or thing had done or suffired by the said late Quene to the contrary therof in any wyse notwithstanding: And also that aswell so muche of the sayd ppetuall and annuall tenthe and pentyon granted by the said Acte made in the said xxvjft yere of the reigne of the said late King Henrye Theight, as also so muche of the said yerely rentes reserved upon the said severall letters patentes nomine decime, and also so manye of the said rectories psonagf and benefices impropriate glebe landes tythes oblations pentions portions and other profittes and emolumentes ecclesiasticall and spirituall aforesaid, and the revertion and revertions therof, and all rentes emolumentes and profittes incident to the same, as were in thandes and possession of the said late Quene Marye at and before the said eight daye of August, shall from the feast of St Mighell Tharchangel last past, be vested adjudged and demed actuallye and really in the seasine and possession of our sayd sovereigns ladye Quene Elizabeth, her heires and successoures, to all intentes construccons and purposes, of and in suche lyke and the same estate interest order degree qualite sorte and condicon, and as fallye holelye largely and benefidallye, as the same were in the seasyne and possession of the said late Quene Marye at and before the same eight daye of August: And that aswell the said first fruites and tenthes and the order therof as also the said

P P

St. 2,3 P. & M. c. 4. repealed.

First fruits revived and re-vested in the Crown.

Such tenths, rents, benefices, &c. as were in the hands of Queen Mary, re-vested in the Crown.

Such first fruits and tenths to be under

694

1 Elizabeth, c. 4.

A.D. 1558-9.

survey of the Exchequer.

All recited Acts made before 2, 3 P. & M. for payment, See. of first fruits and tenths, except those erecting the court, revived.

All advowsons, &c. restored to the Crown.

n.

General saving fi>r titles of strangers.

m.

Pensions, corodies, Ac.

annuall rentes reserved nomine decime, and the said rectories personages benefices glebe landes tithes oblations pentions portions and other profittes and emoluments ecclesiasticall and spyrituall aforesayd, and every of them, and the revertion and revertions of them, and of all rentes and profittes unto the same or any of them incident or belonging, slialbee within the said order surveye rule and governance of the said Courte of Thexchequer, in every degree sorte and condicon as they were at and before the said viij^ daye of August, the said Acte made in the said seconde and thyrde yeres or any other matter or thing to the contrarye therof notwithestanding: And that so muche of all and every the said Actes and statutes first recited, or of any other Acte or statute touching or concerning thorder levieng trewe answering and payment or qualification of the said first fruites and tenthes, and of the said rectories personages and benefices impropriate, and of the rentes revenues emolumentes and profittes therof, and of all other the premisses, and also the chardge dischardge or alteration of them, or any of them, or any matter or thing in any wise sounding or tending therunto, whiche were standing and being in force effecte and unrepealed at and before the said viij1*1 daye of August, (excepte onely the said Actes of the erections of the courtes of Augmentations and First Fruites and Tenthes,) shalbe retnayne and continue in their full and perfit strengthes and forces, and be observed and put in due execucon according to the tenoures and purportes of the same and of every of them: And that the Quenes Matie, her heires and successoures, by auctboiytee of this pnt Pliamt, shall from the Q) first daye of this pnt Pliamt, have holde possede and enjoy for ever thadvousons gyftes and patronages of all vicareges belonging or incident to any of the said rectories and psonages impropriate, in the same sorte qualite condiccon and degree to all intentes and purposes as the same were in the pson and possession of the said late Quene Marye at and before the said viij^1 daye of August: Any thing or acte done by the same late cardinall, or any grant© or grantes by Ires patentes made by the said late Quene Marye of the said advowsons and patronages, or any of them, to any ecclesiasticall or spuall pson or peons, or any spuall oorporacon, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Saving to all and every pson and psons bodies politike and corporate, and their heires executo successo and assignes, and every of them, other then Buche psons as be mentioned and named in any Ires patentes made by the said Quene Marye the said eight daye of August, or at any time sitbens, or clayming onely by or under th&ucthorite and strengthe of the same Acte or tres patentes, or any of them, all suche right title interest estate offices leases grantes annuitees pencons fees corrodies rentes and other yerelye profittes and comodities, as they or any of them ought or shoulde have had perceived or enjoyed of in or by reason of any the psonages rectories or of any other the premisses, in case the said former Acte now repelled and this pnt Acte of repeale had never bene had ne made; any thing in the same Actes or either of them contained or sounding to the contrary therof in any wise notwithestanding.

And be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that from and after the said feast of S* Mighell Tharchangel last past, and so fromthensforthe from

1 Elizabeth, c. 4.

595

tyme to tyme, the said pentions annuitees corrodies rentes fees and other yerely paimentes shalbe paide and payable onely by our said sovereigne ladye, her heires and successoures, at the receipfce of Thexchequer, or in suche other places as the Quenes Ma^ her heires and successoures shall appointe, to all and every pson and psons that ought to have and enjoy the same in suche sorte order and fourme as the same shoulde or ought to have bene payde and paiable in cace the said Acte nowe repealed had never bene hadd ne made; any thing therin orels in this Acte conteyned to the contrary therof in any wyse notwithestanding.

a

And yet nevertheles the Quenes most excellent Matie at thumble request of her said subjectes, of her habundant grace and bountefulnes is pleased and contented, that it be enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that all and singler vicarages not exceding the yerely value of tenne poundes, after the rate and value upon the recordes and bookes of the rates and values for the first fruites and tenthes nowe remaining in Thexchequer, or that shall hereafter come and remaine in the same courte, and also all and singler parsonages not exceding the yerely value of tenne marckes after the lyke rate and valuacon, and thincumbentes therof and every of them, theyre executoures administratoures successoures and sureties and every of them, from the said feast of S* Mighell Tharchaungel last past, shall bee free and derely dischardged and acquited for ever against the Quenes Ma^6 her heires and successoures of and from the said first fruites; any thing in the said Acte of first fruites and tenthes made in the said syxe and twentye yere of the reigne of the said late King Henrye Theight, or in this Acte of repeale, or any other Acte or Actes before recited to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that yf any incumbent of any suche promotyon spuall as is aforesaid chardged or chardge-able to the paiment of the said first fruites happen to lyve to thende of one half yere next after the last avoydance of the same promotion spuall, so as he hathe receyved or without fraude or covin might lawfully have received or enjoyed the rentes or profittes of that halfe yere, and before thende of thother half yere then next following, shall happen to dye or to be lawfully evicted removed or put from the said promotion spuall, by judgment in any accon at the comen lawe without fraude or covin, that then every suche incumbent his heires executoures administratoures and suerties shalbee chardged and chargeable but onely withe the fourthe parte of the first fruites due to bee paide for suche his promotion and withe no more of the said first fruites; any thing in this Acte contained or any bonde or writing to be made for the payment of the said first fruites, or any other matter or cause to the contrary notwithestanding: And if it shall happen any suche incumbent to lyve by the space of one holl yere next after the last advoidance of the same promocon spuall, and after, before thende of one half yere then next following shall fortune to dye, or to bee lawfullye evicted removed or put from the said promocon spuall, by judgement in any aca>n at the cdmon lawe without fraude or covyn, that then everye suche incumbent his heires executoures administratoures and suretes shalbee chardged and chardgeable but onely withe the moitee and one half of the first fruites due to be paide for such his promotion spuall,

P P 2

shall be paid at the Exchequer.

V.

Exemptions from first fruits, viz. vicarages not exceeding £10, parsonages not exceeding 10

marlrw,

VL

Proportion of first fruits payable by incumbents, living, &c. only half a year, one-fourth;

one year, one-half;

596

1 Elizabeth, c. 4.

A.D. 1558-9.

One year and half, three quarters.

Two years, the whole.

VII. Exemption of the universities, &c. from first fruits, &c. confirmed.

vm,

Chapel of Saint George in Windsor Castle exempted.

IX. Prfiviso for leases for 21 years, &c.

and withe no more of the same first fruites; any thing in this Acte conteyned, or any bonde or writing obligatorie to bee made for the paiment of the same first fruites, or any other matter or cause to the contrarye notwithstanding: And if it shall happen any suche incumbent to lyve to thende of one holl yere and a half next after the last advoydance of suche promoron spuall, and after and before thende of syxe monethes then next following shall fortune to dye, or to be lawfuilye evicted removed or put from the said promocon spuall, by jugement in any action at the comen lawe without fraude or covine, that then every suche incumbent his heires executours administratours and suerties, shalbee chardged and chardgeable but onlye withe three partes of the first fruites of the same promocon spuall, in fowre ptes to bee devided, and withe no more; any thing in this Acte conteined, or any bonde or writinge obligatorie had or made for the paimt of the said first fruites, or any other matter or cause . to the contrary notwithestanding: And yf yt shall happen any suche incumbent to lyve to thende of twoo hole yeres next after the last advoydance of the same his promotion spuall, and not to bee lawfully evicted remooved or put from the same promoron spuall as is aforesaid, that then every suche incumbent his heires executors administratoures and sureties, shall [shall*] content and paye to our said soveraigne ladye the Quene her heires and successoures thole first fruites due to be paide for the same promocon spuall according to thestatutes aforesaid.

Provided also and be yt enacted, that all grantes immunities and lybertyes given to the universities of Cambridge and Oxforde, or to any colledge or hall in either of the said universities, and to the colledges of Eton and Winchester, and unto every or any of them, by our (*) souveraigne lorde King Henrye Theight, or any other of the Quenes Highnes progenitours or predecessoures, or by Acte of Pliant, for or touching the releas or dischardge of the said first fruites and tenthes, or any parte therof, shalbe allwaies and remaine in their full strengthe and vertue; and that all suche lawfull conveiaunces and assurances in the lawe as were had [and8] made before the making of this Acte to either of the said universitees of Oxforde and Cambridge, or to any colledge or hall within any of them, by what name or names soever they or any of them be incorporated or named, of any of the said psonages or benefices impropriate, or of any pte of the same, or of any patronages for the maintenance of studentes or lerning, shalbe as good and effectual in the lawe to all intentes construcrons and purposes, as thoughe this Acte had never bene made.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that the deane and canons of the free chappell of St George the Martyr within the castell of Windesoure, and all the possessions and hereditamentes of the same free chappell deanrye and canons, by whatsoever name or names they be incorporated or knowen, shalbee exonerated, and shall stande for ever dischardged of the tenthes and first fruites before mentioned; any thing in this Acte or any other Acte or statute before mentioned to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also and be yt enacted, that all leases made before the twentithe daye of December laste past, for xxj^ yeres, or three lyves at the most, by any pson or psons bodies politike or corporate, beyng lawfully seased of or in any of the said peonages

1 An erroneous repetition on the roll. 0. omits. * late O. 8 or O.

A.D. 1558-9.

1 Elizabeth, a 4.

597

impropriate, or of or in any other the premisses woonte comonly to be lett or setto ferme, then being out of lease, or wherof there was not at the tyme of the making of the said lease or leases any former lease tendure above one yere then to come at the most, and upon whiche newe lease or leases the olde yerely rent accustumablye wonte to be payde for the same by the space of twentye yeres last before the making of suche lease or leases, or more yerely rent ys reserved and paiable during the sayd terme, and all other lawfull grantes by them or any of them heretofore made of any office or offices in old tyme wonte comonlye to be granted, and all gyftes and grantes of any peonage or peonages imppriate, heretofore belonging to the archedeaconrie of Welles in the cowntye of [Welles,1] or to the incumbent of the same office or dignitie, or to thincumbent of the same lately gyven and restored, shalbe as good and effectual! in the lawe as thoughe this Acte or any thing therin conteyned had not bene hadd [or a] made. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that the said arche-deaconrye, and all rectories and spuall promotions given assigned lymited or appointed to the same, and all and every incumbentes and incombent whiche hereafter shalbe presented collated preferred and admitted unto the said archedeaconrye and the rectories and spuall promotions theronto limited and appointed, or apperteining or belonging, shall stande remayne and bee chardged and chargeable withe the paiment of the first fruites and tenthes for the same to the Quenes Highnes her heires and successoures, in suche like maner and fourme as other spirituall promotions, and the incumbentes of the same, bee and shall bee chardged and chardgeable by this Acte, or by any other Acte or statute before specified.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that so many of the said rectories psonages and benefices impropriate, glebelandes tithes oblations pentions portions and other profittes and emolumentes eccle-siasticall and spuall and every of them, and the revertion and revercons of them, and all rentes and profittes unto the same or any of them incident or belonging, as were at and before the said eight daye of August in thandes or possessions of the sayd late Quene Marye, and within the surveye rule and order of the Court© of the Duchie of Lancastre, shalbe ageine within the order surveye rewle and govemement of the said courte, in suche and the same maner and fourme to all intentes and purposes as they were at and before the said viij^ day of August in the said seconde and thirdd yeres of the reigne of the said late King and Quene; any thing in this Acte or in the said Acte of the same late King and Quene to the contrary th'erof in any wise notwithestanding.



Provided also that this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not in anye wise extende to chardge anny hospitall founded and used, and the possessions therof employed to and for the relief of poore people, or anny scoole or scooles or the possessions or revenues of them or any of them, with the paiment of any tenthes or first fruites; any thing in this Acte before mentioned to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

grants of offices, and of parsonages in archdeaconry of Welles.

X.

Archdeaconry of Welles, &c. declared liable to first fruits, &c.

XI. Benefices, &c. under survey of duchy court, shall so continue.

xm.

Hospitals and schools exempted from tenths and first fruits.

1 Somersett 0.

2 nor 0.

1 Elizabeth, c. 19.

A.D. 1558-9.

IV.

All grants, &c. by bishops, except to the Crown, for any term exceeding 21 years, &c. at the usual rents, declared void.

CHAPTER XIX

An Acte giving Aucthoritie to the Quenes Majestie uppon thadvoidance of any Archebishoppriche or Bishoppriche to take into her Handes certeine of the Temporall Possessions therof, recompensing the same with Psonages Impropriate and Tenthes.

* And be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, that all giftes grantes feoffamentes fynes or other conveyance or estates, from the first daye of this pnte Pliament to be had made doone or suffred by any archbishoppe or bysshoppe, of any hono" castles mano18 landes tentf or other hereditamentes being pcell of the possessions of his archbissoprick or bisshoprick, or united apperteyning or belonging to any the same archebissoprickes or bishoprickes, to any pson or psons bodyes politike or corporate, (other then to the Quenes Highnes her heires or successoures,) wherby any estate or estates should or may passe from the same archbishoppes or bishopes or any of them, (other then for the terme of xxj yeres or three lyves, from suche time as any suche lease grante or assurance shall beginne, and wherupon the olde accustomed ye rely rent or more shalbe reserved & payable yearly during the sayd terme of xxj yeres or three lyves,) shalbee utterly voyde and of none effect© to all intentf constructions and purposes; any lawe custome or usage to the contrary in any wise notw^standing.

5 ELIZABETH. A.D. 1562-3.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE TWELFTH DAY OF JANUARY,

In the FIFTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

ftotulo $3at1tammtt be anno regnt <£lt|abrtfit leUfltne, ^umtu. pj

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte towching dyvers Orders for Artificers Laborers Servantes of Husbandrye and Apprentises. PJ

Insufficiency of A LTHOUGHE there remayne and stande in force pntly a greate nomber exi8ti^i?WB d ^ Actes and statutes concerning the reteyning departing wages and wages of B orders of apprentices servantes and labourers, aswell in husbandrye as in I

Ia It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 4. p. 401.), that chapters 29 to 31. in the StatnteB of the Realm are not on the roll, but are printed from the original Acts in the Parliament Office. It also appears that chapter 32. in the Statutes of the Realm is numbered 29. on the roll.J

j b So much of this and other recited Acts as authorizes and empowers any justices of the peace or magistrates of cities and burghs to rate wages or fix prices of work for artificers, labourers and craftsmen, rep., 53 Geo. 3. c. 40.

Rep. in part, 54 Geo. 3. c. 96. s. 2., in terms which appear to leave the effect of the repeal doubtful: The Act of Geo. 3., after reciting that by this Act (5 Eliz.) divers rules and regulations were enacted respecting the qualifications of persons entitled to take and become apprentices, and the term of years for which such apprentices should

5 Elizabeth, c. 4.

599

divers other artes misteries and occupacons, yet ptly for thimperfeccon and «eryant», contrarietie that ys founde and doo appear© in sundrye of the sayd lawes, and for the varyetie and nomber of them, and cheifly for that the wages and &c. allouances lymytted and rated in many of the sayd statutes, are in dyvers places to small and not answerable to this tyme, respecting thadvancement of pryses of all thinges belonging to the said servantes and labourers, the said lawes cannot conveniently w^HHit the greate greefe and burden of the poore labourer and hired man, bee put in good and due execution: And as the sayd severall Actes and statutes were at the time of the making of them thought to be very good and beneficiall for the comon wealthe of this realme as dyvers of them yet are, so yf the substance of as many of the said lawes as are meet to bee continued shalbe digested and reduced into one sole lawe and statute,

& in the same an uniforme order prescrybed and lymitted concerning the

wages and other orders for apprentises servauntes and laborers, there ys good

hope that yt will come to passe that the same lawe, beyng duly executed,

should banishe idlenes advance husbandrye and yeelde unto the hired pson

bothe in the tyme of scarsitee and in the tyme of plenty© a convenient

proportion of wages: Bee it therfore enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Such laws

Pliament, that asmuche of the estatutes heretofore made, and every branche

of them as touche or conceme the hiring keping departing woorcking wages «rach hiring,

or order of servantes woorckmen artificers apprentyses and labourers or any *8*' c*

of them, and the penalties and forfeytures concerning the same, shalbe from

and after the last daye of September next ensuing repealed and utterly 'voide

and of none effect; and that all the said statutes and every branch therof for

any matter conteined in them and not repealed by this statute, shall remaine

and bee in full force and effecte, any thing in this statute to the contrarye

notwithstanding.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that no maner of n. pson or psons after the foresaid last daye of September no we next ensuing, shall* reteyne hire or take into service, or cause to bee retayned hired or taken ments, trades, into service, nor any pson shalbee retayned (]) hired or taken into service, by hired by*the any meanes or colour, to woorcke for any lesse tyme or terme then for one year, hole yere, in any of the scyences craftes mysteries or artes of clothiers wollen clothe weavers tuckers fullers clothewoorkers sheremen dyers hosyers taylours shoomakers tanners pewterers bakers bruers gloovers cutlers smithes farrours curryers sadlers spurryers turners cappers hatmakers or feltemakers bowyers fletchers arrowheadmakers butchers cookes or myllers. JRep. as to clothiers, woollen cloth weavers, tuckers, fullers, clothworkers, sheermen or dyers of wool or woollen cloth, 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 2.J

And bee yt further enacted, that every pson being unmarried, and every m. other pson being under thage of thirty yeres that after the feast of Easter &c

next shall marryc, and having been brought up in any of the said artes craftes not having 40b. or sciences, or that hathe used or exercised any of them by the space of three yeres or more, and not having landes tenementes rentes or hereditamentes otherwise copieholde or freehold© of an estate of inheritance or for terme of any lief or

be bound, and as to the mode of binding such apprentices; and reciting sect 34. of this Act, which makes void all indentures of apprenticeship, &c. not in accordance with the Act, and imposes a pecuniary penalty for taking any apprentice contrary to it, enacts as follows, — so much of the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.J 1 or O.

600

5 Elizabeth, c. 4.

A.D. 1562-3.

to serve as yearly servants in the several arts in which they were brought up.

IV.

Such yearly servants shall not be dismissed, nor depart during the year, unless on cause allowed by two justices; nor at the end of the year, without a quarter's warning.

V.

All persons between the ages of 12 and 60, not being otherwise employed, &c. declared compellable to be yearly servants in husbandry.

lyves of the clere yerely value of fourtye shillinges, nor being worthe of his

owne goodes the clere value of tenne poundes, and so allowed by twoo justices

of the peace of the countie where he hathe most cdmonly inhabited by the

space of one whole yere and under their handes and seales, or by the maio* or

other head officer of the citie burghe or towne corporate wher suche pson hathe

most comonly dwelled, by the space of one whole yere, and twoo aldermen, or

two other discrete burgesses of the same citie burghe or towne corporate yf

ther bee no aldermen, under their handes and seales, not being reteyned withe

any pson in husbandrye or in any of thaforesayd artes and scyences according

to this statute, nor laufully reteyned in any other arte or science, nor being

laufully reteyned in housholde or in any office w^ annye nobleman gentleman

or others, according to the lawes of this realme, nor having a convenient ferme

or other holding in tillage whereupon he maye employ his laboure, shall,

(during the time that he or they shall so be unmarried or under the said age

of xxxfr yeres, upon request made by any pson using the arte or mystery

wherin the said pson so requyred hathe been exercised as ys aforesayd,) bee

reteyned and shall not refuse to serve according to the tenour of this statute,

upon the paine and penaltie hereafter mentyoned. JRep. as mentioned with respect to sect. 2.J

And bee it further enacted, that no pson w«h shall retayne any servante shall put away his or her sayd servant, and that no pson reteyned according to this statute shall departe from his mr mra or dame before thende of his or her terme, upon the payne hereafter mentioned, unlesse yt be for some reasonable and sufficient cause or matter to bee allowed before twoo justices of peace or one at the least w^in the said countie, or before the [maio1 *] or other chief officer of the citie burghe or towne corporate wherin the said mr mra or dame inhabitethe to whom any of the pties greved shall complayne; w°h said justices or justice maior or chief officer shall have and take upon them or him the hearing and ordring of the matter [betwene *] the said mr mre or dame and servante, according to thequite of the cause: And that no suche mr ihn or dame shall put awaye any suche servante at thende of his terme or that any suche servante shall departe from his said mr mre or dame at thende of his terme without one quarter warning gyven before thende of his sayd terme, eyther by the said master mastres or dame or servante the one to the other, upon the payne hereafter ensuing.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, that every pson betwen thage of twelve yeres and the age of threeskore yeres, not being laufully reteyned, nor apprentice wth any fisherman or maryner haunting the seas, nor being in service w^ any kyddyer or carryo1 of any come grayne or meale for provision of the citie of London, nor withe any husbondman in husband-rie, nor in any citie towne corporate or market towne, in any of thartes or sciences lymitted or appointed by this estatute to have or take apprentises, nor being reteyned by the yere or half the yere at the least, for the digging seking finding getting melting fining woorking tryeng making of any sylver tynne leade iron copper stone sea cole stone cole moore cole or cherk cole, nor being occupied in or aboute the making of any glasse, nor being a gentleman borne, nor being a student or scoler in any of the universitees, or in any scoole,

1 mayors O.

2 betwixte 0.

5 Elizabeth, c. 4.

601

nor having landes tentf rentes or hereditamentes Q) of the dere yerely value of fourfye shillinges, for terme of lyef or of one estate of inheritance, nor being woorthe in goodes and cattelles to the value of tenne poundes, nor having a father or mother then lyving, or other auncestour whose heire apparant he ys, then having landes tentf or hereditamentes of the yerely value of tenne poundes or above, or goodes or cattels of the value of fourtye poundes, nor being a necessarye or convenient officer or servant laufully reteyned as ys aforesayd, nor having a convenient ferine or holding wherupon he may or shall employe his labour, nor being otherwise laufully reteyned according to the true meaning of this statute, shall after the foresaid last daye of September now next ensuing, by virtue of this estatute be compelled to be reteyned to serve in husbandrye by the yere, withe any pson that keepethe husbandrye, and will require any suche pson so to serve within the same shire wher he shalbee so requyred.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliament, that yf any pson after he hathe reteyned any servaunt shall put away the same servant before thende of his terme, onles yt bee for some reasonable and sufficient cause to be allowed as ys aforesaid, or yf any suche mr mn or dame shall put away any suche servant at thende of his terme, w^ut one quarters warning gyven before the sayd ende as ys above remembred, that then every suche mr mre or dame so offending, onles he or they be hable to prove by twoo sufficient witnesses suche reasonable and sufficient cause of putting away of their servaunt or servauntes during their terme, or a quarters warning gyven afore thende of the said terme as ys aforesaid, before the justices of oyer and terminer justices of assise justices of the peace in the quarter sessions, or before the maio* or other head officer of any citie burghe or towne corporate and twoo aldermen, or two other discriete burgesses of the same citie bourghe or towne corporate if there be no aldermen, or before the lorde president and councell established in the marches of Wales, or before the lorde president and councell for the tyme being established in the northeparties, shall forfeits the sdme of fourtye shilling^; and yf any servant reteyned according to the fourme of this estatute depte from his mr mn or dames service before thende of his terme, onles yt bee for some reasonable and sufficient cause to be alowed as ys aforesaid, or yf any servant at thende of his terme depte from his said mr mra or dames service w^kjut one quarters warning gyven before thende of his sayd terme in forme aforesaid, and before twoo lawfull witnesses, or yf any pson or psones compellable and bounden to be reteyned and to serve in husbandrye, or in any other the artes sciences or misteries above remembred, by. the yere or otherwise, doo upon request made refuse to serve for the wages that shalbe limited rated and appointed according to the fourme of this statute, or promise or covenant to serve, and doo not serve according to the tenor of the same, that then every servaunt so departing awaye, and every pson so refusing to serve for suche wages, upon complaynt therof made by the mr m or dame of the said servaunt, or by the ptie to or W* whom the sayd refusall ys made or promise not kept, to twoo justices of the peace of the countye, or to the maio* or other head officer of the citie burghe towne corporate and twoo aldermen, or twoo other discrete burgesses of the same citie burghe or towne corporate yf ther bee no aldermen, wher the said mr m" or dame or the said 1

VL Penalty on masters unduly dismissing servants within the year, &c. 40s.

Servants unduly departing from service, or refusing to serve, shall be imprisoned until they undertake to complete their service.

1 for terme of lyfe or of one estate of inheritaance O.

602

5 Elizabeth, a 4.

A.D. 1562-3.

vn.

Servants shall not leave the city, parish, &c. of their service, without testimonial of licence so to do:

Form thereof.

VIII. Penalty on servant not producing such testimonial, imprisonment, &c.

on master retaining him, £5.

Counterfeit

testimonials.

ptie to or whom the said refusall ys made and promise not kept dweUethe, or to either of the said lordes presidents and councell of Wales and the* north, the said justices lordes presidentes and councelles, and also the sayd maiora or other head officers and other psons of cities burghes or townes corporate or any of them as ys aforesaid, shall have powre by force of this statute to heare and examyne the matter, and finding the said servaunt or the said ptie so refusing faultie in the premisses, upon suche proofes and good matter as to their discretions shalbe thought sufficient, to comit him or them to warde, ther to remayne w^out baile or mainprise untill the said servant or ptie so offending shalbe bounde to the partie to whom thoffence shalbe made, to serve and continue w^1 him for the wages that then shalbe lymitted and appointed, according to the tenor and forme of this estatute, and to be dischardged upon his delyverye w^kmt payeng any fee to the gaylo* where he or they shalbe so imprisoned.

And bee yt likewise enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that none of the said reteyned psons in husbandrye or in any the artes or sciences above re-membred, after the tyme of his reteyno* expired, shall departe foorthe of one cytye towne or pishe to another, nor out of the lathe rape'wapentake or hundred, nor out of the countie or shire where hee last served, to serve in any other citie towne corporate lathe rape wapentake hundred shiere or countie, onles he have a testimoniall under the seale of the said citie or towne corporate, or of the constable or constables or other head officer or officers and of two other honest housholders of the citie towne or pishe where he last served, declaring his laufoll departure, and the name of the shiere and place where he dwelled last before his depture, according to the forme hereafter expressed in this Acte; whiche certificat or testimoniall shalbe written & delivered unto the said servaunte and also registred by the pson vicar or curate of the pishe where suche mr mra or dame dothe or shall dwell, taking for the doing therof two pens and not above, and the forme therof shalbee as folowethe: Memorand, that A. B. late servaunte to C. D. of E. husbondman, or taylor, &c. in the countie, &c. ys lycensed to depte from his sayd mr, and is at his lybertie to serve elswhere, according to the statute in that cace made and provided: In witnes wherof, &c. Dated the daye monethe yere and place, &c. of the making therof.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that no pson or psons that shall departe out of service shalbe reteyned or accepted into any other service, w^out shewing before his reteyno* suche testimoniall as is above remembred, to the chief officer of the towne corporate, and in every other towne and place to the cunstable curate churchewarden or other head officer of the same where he shalbee reteyned to serve; upon the payne that every suche servante so departing w^out such certificate or testimoniall shalbee imprysoned untill be procure a testimoniall or certificate, the whiche yf hee cannot doo w^in the space of xxj dayes next after the first daye of his im-prysonment, then the sayd pson to be whipped and used as a vagabonde according to the lawes in suche cases provided; and that every pson reteyning any suche servaunte w^kmt shewing suche testimonyall or certificate as ys aforesaid, shall forfaite for every suche offence fyve powndes: Andyf any suche pson shalbe taken withe any countrefaite or forged testimoniall, then to bee whipped as a vagabounde.

5 Elizabeth, c. 4.

603

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that all artificers and labourers being hired for wages by the daye or week shall betwext the myddest of the monethes of Marche and September, bee and continue at theyr woorck at or before five of the dock in the morning, and contynue at woorck and not departe untyll betwext seven and eight of the docke at night, eccept yt bee in the tyme of breakefast dynner or drincking, the w0*1 tymes at the most shall not exceede above two howres and a half in the daye, that ys to saye, at every drincking one half houre, for his dynner one houre, and for his sleape when hee is allowed to sleape, the w°h is from the midst of May to the mydst of August, half an houre at the most, and at every breakefast one halfe houre; and all the said artificers and labourers, betwen the midst of September and the mydst of Marche, shalbe and continue at their woorck from the spring of the day in the morning untill the night of the same daye, except yt be in tyme afore appointed for breakefast and dynner, upon paine to lose and forfayte one peny for everye houres absence, to bee deducted and [defaulkedl] out of his wages that shall so offende.

And bee yt also enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, that every artificer and labourer, that shalbee laufullye reteyned m or for the building or repayring of any churche house shippe mylne or every other peece of woorck taken in greate in taske or in grosse, or that shall hereafter take upon him to make or finishe any suche thing or woorck, shall contynue and not departe from the same, onles yt be for not payeng of his wagys or hyre agreed on, or otherwise laufiilly taken or appoynted to serve the Quenes Matie her heires or succes-soures, or for other laufull cause, or wt^out licence of the mr or owner of the woorck or of him that hathe the chardge therof, before the finishing of the said woorck, upon payne of imprysonement by one monethe wt^out baile or mayneprise, and the forfeiture of the some of fyve powndes to the ptie from whom he shall so departe; for the w°k the sayd ptie may have his action of debt against him that shall so depte, in any of the Quenes Ma* courtes of records, over and besides such ordinarye costes and damages as may or ought to be recovered by the c5men lawes for or concerning any suche offence, in whiche action no protection wager of lawe or essoigne shalbe admitted: And that [none2] other artificer or laborer reteyned in any service to woorck w^1 the Quenes Matio or any other pson, depte (*) from her said Ma^ or from the said other pson, untill suche tyme as the woorck bee finished, yf the pson so reteyning the artificer or labourer so long will have him and paye him his wagis or other duties, upon payne of imprysonement of every psone so depting by the space of one monethe.

Provided always and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that in the time of hey or come harvest, the justices of peace and every of them, and also the cunstable or other head officer of every towneshipe, upon request and for thavoyding of the los of any come grayne or heye, shall and may cause all suche artificers and peons as be meete to labour, by the discretions of the said justices or cunstables or other head officers or by any of them, to serve by the daye for the mowing reaping shearing getting or inning of come grayne and heye, according to the skill and qualite of the

IX. Honrs of working of artificers and labourers, hired by day or week.

X.

Penalty on artificers and labourers leaving their work unfinished, one month's imprisonment and £5 fine.

XV. Artificers, &c. compellable to work in harvest, or to be put in the stocks.

1 defatted 0.

*no O.

9 not O.

604

5 Elizabeth, c. 4.

A.D. 1562-3.

XVI. Proviso for persons going to harvesting into other counties.

XVII. Women unmarried between 12 and 40, compellable to serve by the year, week, or day.

XVIII. Apprentices in husbandry.

XIX. Householders in cities may take apprentices in trades, fisc. for seven years.

pson; and that none of the said psons shall refuse so to doo, upon payne to suffer imprisonement in the stockes by the spaoe of twoo dayes and one night: And the cunstable of the towne or other head officer of the same wher the said refusall shalbe made, upon complaint to him made, shall have aucthorite by vertue hereof, to set the said offender in the stockes for the time aforesaid, and shall punishe him accordingly, upon payne to lose and forfeite for not doing therof, the some of fourty shillinges.

Provided also, that all psons of the counties wher they have accustomed to goe into other shires for harvest worck, and having at that tyme no harvest worck sufficient in the same towne nor countie wher he or they dwelt in the winter then laste paste, bringing w^ him or them a testimoniall under the hande and seale of one justice of the peace of the shire, or other heade officer of the towne or place that hee or they come from, testifieng the same, for the w11 he shall pay not above one penye, (other then suche psons as shall be reteyned in service according to the fourme of this estatute,) may repaire and resorte in harvest of hey or come, from the countreies wherin their dwelling places are into any other place or countie, for the onely mowyng reaping and getting of heye come and grayne, and for thonely woorcking of harvest woorckes, as they might have doone before the making of this estatute; any thing herein conteyned to the contrary notwithestanding.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that twoo justices of peace the maio1 or other head officer of any citie burghe or towne corporate and twoo aldermen, or two other discrete burgesses of the same citie burghe or towne corporate yf ther be no aldermen, shall and may by vertue hereof appoint any suche woman as is of thage of twelfe yeres and under thage of fourtye yeres and unmarried and foorthe of service, as they shall tbinck meete to fve, to be reteyned or serve by the yere or by the weeke or daye, for suche wages and in suche reasonable sorte and maner as they shall thinck meete: And yf any suche woman shall refuse, so to serve, then yt shalbe laufull for the said justices of peace maior or head officers to comit suche woman to warde untill she shalbe bounden to serve as aforesaid.

And for the better advauncement of husbandrye and tillage, and to thintent that suche as are fit to be made apprentice to husbandry may be bounden thereonto, bee it enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliamt, that every pson, beyng an husholder and having and using half a ploughe lande at the least in tillage, maye have and receive as an apprentice any pson above thage of tenne yeres and under thage of eightene yeres to serve in husbandrye untill his age of one and twentye yeres at the least, or until thage of foure and twentye yeres as the pties can agree, and the said reteynour and taking of an apprentice to be made and done by indenture.

And bee it further enacted, that every pson being an housholder and foure and twentye yeres olde at the least, dwelling or inhabiting or whiche shall dwell and inhabits in any citie or towne corporate, and using and exercising any arte misterye or manuell occupation there, shall and may after the feast of S* John Baptist next coming, during the time that he shall so dwell or inhabite in any suche citie or towne corporate and use and exercise any suche mistery arte or manuell occupacoD, have and reteyne the sonne of any freeman not occupieng husbandrye nor being a labourer, and inhabiting in the same or in any other citie or towne that nowe ys or hereafter shalbe and

605

contynue incorporate, to serve and bee bounde as an apprentice after the custome and order of the citie of London for seven yeres at the least, so as the tearme and yeares of suche apprentise doo not expyre or determyne afore such apprentice shalbee of thage of foure and twentye yeres at the least.

Provided alwaies and bee yt enacted, that yt shall not be laufull to any p^on dwelling in any citie or towne corporate using or exercising any of the misteries or craftes of a marchante traffequing by traficque or trade into any ptes beyonde the sea, mercer draper goldesmithe ironmonger inbroderer or clothyer thatdothe or shall put clothe to making and sale, {Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s.2.J to take any apprentice or servante to be enstructed or tought in any of the artes occupacons craftes or misteries w^ they or any of them doo use or exercise, except suche servante or apprentice bee his sonne, orels that the father or mother of suche apprentice or servante shall have, at the tyme of taking of suche apprentise or servant, landes tenementes or other heredita-mentes of the clere yerely value of fourty shillinges of one estate of inheritance or freholde at the least, to bee certefied under thandes and seales of thre justices of the peace of the shires or shire wher the said landes tehtes or other hereditamentes doo or shall lye, to the maior bailief or other head officers of suche citie or towne corporate, and to be enrolled among the recordes there.

And bee it further enacted, that from and after the said feast of S* John the Baptist nexte, yt shalbe laufull to every pson being an housholder and xxiiij yeres olde at the least, and not occupieng husbandrye, nor being a laborer dwelling or inhabiting or that shall hereafter dwell or inhabite in any towne not being incorporate, that nowe ys or hereafter shall bee a market towne, so long as the same shalbee weekly used, and kepte as a market towne, and using or exercising anny arte misterye or manuell occupacon, during the tyme of his aboade ther and so using and exercising suche arte misterie or manuell occupacon as aforesaid, to have in like maner to apprentice or apprentices, the childe or children of any other artificer or artificers not occupieng husbandrye nor being a laborer, whiche nowe doo or hereafter shall inhabite or dwell in the same or in any other suche market towne within the same shire, to serve as apprentice or apprentices as ys aforesaid, to any suche arte misterye or manuell occupacon as hathe been usually exercysed in any suche market towne wher suche apprentice shalbee bounde in maner and forme abovesayd.

Provided always and bee yt enacted, that it shall not bee lawfull to any pson dwelling or inhabiting in annye suche market towne, using or exercising the feate misterye or arte of a marchant trafficquing or trading into the pties beyonde the seas, mercer draper goldsmithe ironmonger imbrotherer or clothyar that do the or shall put clothe to making and sale, {Rep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 2.} to take any apprentice or in any wise to teache or instructe any psone in the artes scyences or misteries last before recited, after the feast of S* John Baptist aforesayd, except suche servante or apprentice shalbee his sonne, orels that the father or mother of suche apprentice shall have landes tenementes or other hereditamentes at the tyme of taking of suche apprentice of the clere yerely value of three powndes of one estate of inheritance or freeholde at the least, to bee certefied under thandes and seales of three justices of the peace of the shire or shires wher the said landes tenementes and other hereditamentes doo or shall lye, to the head officers or head officer of suche market towne

xx.

Merchants, &c. may not take any apprentices, except their sons, unless their parents have 40s. of freehold per ann.

TXT.

Persons in market towns may take {fbr| apprentices, children of artificers, &c.

XXII. Merchants, &c. in market towns shall not take any apprentices, other than children of persons having £3 per annum freehold.

606

5 Elizabeth, c. 4.

A.D. 1562-3.

xxm.

Certain tradesmen may take apprentices, children whose parents have no lands.

XXVI. One journeyman shall be kept for three apprentices,

& c. in certain trades.

xxvhl

Persons refusing to become apprentices may be imprisoned until they comply.

Justices of peace, &c. may settle disputes between masters and apprentices, as to mis-usage or neglect of duty, and may discharge apprentices from their apprenticeship,

wher suche apprentice or servant shalbe taken, there to bee enrolled by suche head officer, alwayes to remayne of recorde.

And bee yt further enacted, that from and after the said feast yt shalbe laufull to anypsone using or exercising tharte or occupation of a smithe whelewright plowghwright myllwright carpenter roughe mason playsterer sawyer lymebumer brickmaker bricklayer tyler slater healyer tilemaker lynnen weaver turner cowper millers earthen potters wollen weaver weaving houswiefes or housholde clothe onely and none other, clothe fuller otherwise called tucker or walker burner of oore and woade ashes thatcher or shingler, wheresoever he or they shall dwell or inhabite, to have or receive the aonne of any pson as apprentice, in maner and fourme aforesaid to be taught and instructed in these occupacons onely and in none other, albeit the father or mother of annye suche apprentice have not any landes tenementes nor hereditamentes.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that all and every pson or psons that shall have three apprentices, in any of the sayd craftes misteryes or occupations of a clothemaker ftiller shereman weaver JRep., 49 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 2.J taylo1 or shoomaker, shall reteinfe and kepe one journeyman, and for every other apprentice above the nomber of the said three apprentices one other journeyman, upon payne for every defaulte therin tenne poundes.

And bee it further enacted, that yf any pson shalbee requyred by any housholder having and using half a ploughelande at the least in tillage, to bee an apprentice and to serve in husbandrye or ,in any other kind of arte mysterye or science before expressed, and shall refuse so to doo; that then upon the complaint of suche houskeper made to one justice of Q) peace of the countye wherin the said refusall ys or shalbe made, or of suche housholder inhabiting in any citie towne corporate or market towne to the mayo1, bailiefes or head officer of the said citie towne corporate or market towne, yf any suche refusall shall there bee, they shall have full power and aucthoritie by vertue hereof to sende for the same pson so refusing; and yf the said [justice8] or the said maio* or head officer shall thinck the said pson meete and convenient to serve as an apprentice in that arte labour science or mysterye wherin he shalbe so then required to serve, that then the said justice or the said maio1 or head officer shall have powre and aucthoritee by vertue herof, yf the said pson refuse to bee bounde as an apprentice, to comit him unto warde, there to remayne untill he be contented and will bee bounden to serve as an apprentise shoulde serve, according to the true intent and meaning of this pnte Acte: And yf any suche mr shall misuse or evill intreate his apprentice, or that the said apprentice shall have any just cause to complayne, or thap-prentice doo not his dutie to his mr, then the sayd mr or prentice being gryeved and having cause to complayne shall repaire unto one justice of peace within the said countie, or to the maio1 or other head officer of the citie towne corporate market towne or other place wher the said mr dwellethe, who shall by his wisdome and discretyon take suche order and direction betwen the said mr and his apprentise, as thequite of the cause shall requyre; and yf

1 the O.

2 justief 0.

5 Elizabeth, c. 4.

607

for want of good conformitie in the sayd mr, the said justice of the peace or the said maiot or other heade officer cannot compounde and agre the matter betwen him and his apprentice, then the said justice or the said maior or other head officer shall take bande of the said mr to appeare at the next sessions then to bee holden in the B&id countie, or w^in the said dtie towne corporate or market towne, to bee before the justices of the said countie, or the maior or head officer of the said towne corporate or market towne yf the said mr dwell w^in any suche, and upon his apparance and hearing of the matter before the said justices or the Baid maior or other head officer, yf yt be thought meete unto them to dischardge the saido apprentice of his apprenticehood, that then the said justices or foure of them at the least, wherof one to be of the quorum, or the said maior or other head officer, withe the concent of three other of his brethren or men of best reputacon w^in the said citie towne corporate or market towne, shall have power by aucthorite hereof in writing under their handes and scales to pronounce and declare that they have dischardged the said apprentice of his apprenticehood, and the cause therof, and the said writing, so being made and enrolled by the elarck of the peace for towne clerck amonges the recordes that he kepethe, shalbee a sufficient dischardge for the said apprentice against his m* Ins executors and administrators, thindenture of the said apprenticehood, or any lawe or customs to the contrary notwithstanding; and yf the defaults shalbe founde to bee in the apprentice, then the said justices or the said maio* or other head officer withe the assistentes aforesaid, shall cause suche due correction and punishement to be ministredd unto him, as by their wisdome and discretions shalbee thought meete.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliam*, that no pson shall by force or colo1 of this estatute bee bounden to enter into any apprenticeshippe other then suche as bee under thage of one and twentye yeres.

And to thende that this estatute maye firom tyme to tyme bee carefully and dylygently put in good execucon according to the tenour and true meaning thereof: Bee it enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliam* that the justices of peace of every countie dyviding themaelfes into severall lymittes, and lyke-wise every mayo1 and head officer of any cytie or towne corporate, shall yerely betwen the feast of S* Mighell Tharchangell and the Nativitee of our Lorde, and betwen the feast of Thannunciacon of o* Ladye, and the feast of the Nativitee of St John (*) Baptist, by all suche wayes and meanes as to their wisdomes shalbe thought most meete, make a special! and diligent inquirie of the branches and articles of this estatute, and of the good execucon of the same, and wher they shall finds any de&ultes, to see the same severely corrected and punished without favour affeccdn malice or displeasure.

And in consideration of the paynes and travayle that the said justices of peace and the said mayo1 and head officer shall take and sustayne in and aboute thexecucon of tills estatute, it ys further ordeyned and enacted by aucthoritee of this pnte Plyam* that every justice of peace mayor or head officer, for every day that he shall sit in and aboute thexecucon of this estatute shall have slowed unto him fyve shillinges, to bee slowed and payde

or punish them for misbehaviour.

XXIX. Minors only compellable to be apprentices.

XXX. Justices shall make periodical inquiries as to execution of this Act.

XXXL Allowance to the inetiees for such their trouble.

the 0.

608

5 Elizabeth, c. 4.

A.D. 1562-3.

VTYTT

Application and recovery of penalties.

XXXV. Apprentices under this Act compellable to serve, although bound under 21 yean of age.

XYYvlT. Application of penalties in

unto him or unto the said mayor or head officer of the fines and forfeytures of the paynes and penalties that shalbe forfeited and due unto the Queues Ma^, her heires or successoures, by force of this estatute, in suche m&ner and forme as the said justices have been heretofore commonly payde for their coming and' chardges at the quarter sessions, so that the sitting of the said justices or mayo1 or head officer bee not at anye one tyme above three dayes and for the matters conteyned in this estattute.

And bee it enacted by thaucthoritye aforesayd, that thone half of all forfeitures and penalties expressed and mentioned in this statute, other then suche as are expreslye otherwise appoynted, shalbee to our sovereygne lady the Quenes Matie her heires and successoures, and thother moietie to him or them that shall sue for the same in any of the Quenes Ma*8 courtes of recorde, or before any of the justices of oyer and terminer, or before any other justices or president and councell before remembred, by ac£on of dett infor-macon bill of complaynte or otherwise, in which accons or suytes no protection wager of la we or essoine shalbee allowed; and that the said justices or two of them wherof one to bee of the quorum, and the said presidentes and councell as ys aforesaid, and the said maio" or other head officers of cities or townes corporate, shall have full power and aucthoritee to heare and determine all and every offences and offence that shalbee cdmitted or done against this estatute or againste any branche therof, aswell upon indictment to bee taken before them in the sessions of the peace, as upon informacon accon of det or bill of complaynt to bee sued or exhibited by any pson; and shall and maye by vertue hereof make proces agaynst the defendant, and awarde execucon as in any other cace they laufully maye by any the lawes and statutes of this realme, and shall yerely in Mighelmas terme certefie by estreat the fynes & forfeitures of every thoffences conteined in this estatute that shalbee founde before them, into the Courte of Thexchequer, in like sorte & four me as they bee bounde to certefie thestreates for other offences and forfeitures to be lost before them; any thing in this statute conteyned to the contrary notwithestanding.



And because ther hathe bene and ys some question and scruple moved, whether any pson being w^in thage of one and twentye yeres, and bounden to serve as an apprentice in any other place then in the said citie of London, shoulde bee bounden accepted and taken as an apprentyce; for the resoluSn of the said scruple and doubte, bee yt enacted by aucthorite of this pnte JRliamt, that all and every suche pson or psons that at any time or times from hensforthe shalbe bounden by indenture to serve as an apprentice in any arte science occupation or labour, according to the teno* of this estatute, and in maner and fourme aforesaid, albeit the same apprentice or any of them shalbe within the age of one and twentye yeres at the tyme of making of their severall indentures, shalbe bounden to serve for the yeres in their severall indentures conteined, as amply and lardgly to every entent as yf the same apprentice were of full age at the time of the making of suche indentures; any lawe usage or custome to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided alwais and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that all maner amerciamtf fines issues and forfeitures w°k shall rise growe or come by reason

A.D. 1562-3.

5 Elizabeth, c. 4, 9.

609

of any offences or defaultes mentioned in this Acte or any branche therof, wtbiu any citie or towne corporate, shalbe levied gathered and recey ved by suche pson or psons of the same citie or towne corporate, as shalbee appointed by the mayo1 or other head officers mentioned in this sayd Acte, to thuse and mayntenance of the same citie or towne corporate, in suche case and condicon as any maner other amerciamtf fines issues or forfeitures have bene used to be levied and imployed w^in the same citie or towne corporate, by reason of any grante or charter from the Quenes Matie that nowe ys or of any her Graces noble progenitours made and granted to the same citie burghe or towne corporate; any thing or clause before mentioned and expressed in this Acte to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies that this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not extende to any laufull reteyningf or covenantee had or made before the making of this Acte; but that all and every the pties to suche reteyninges or covenantes shall and may have the same and lyke advauntages of suche reteyninges and covenantes, and of the statutes heretofore in that behalfe provyded, as yf this Acte had never beep. had nor made; any clause of repeale or other matter whatsoever in this Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithe-standing.

Q) And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that yf any servant or apprentice of husbandrye or of any arte science or occupacon aforesaid, unlawfully departe or flye into anye other shire, that it shalbe laufull to the said justices of peace and to the said maiors bailiefes and other head officers of cities and townes corporate for the tyme being justices of peace there, to make and grante writtes of capias, so many and suche as shalbee nedefull, to be directed to the shriefes of the counties or to other head officers of the places whither suche servantes or apprentices shall so departe or flye, to take theyr bodies, returneable before them at what tyme shall please them, so that yf they come by suche processe, that they bee put in prisone till they shall finde sufficient suretie well and Sonestlye to serve their mra maistresses or dames from whom they so departed or fledde according to thorder of the lawe.

Provided allwayes, that it shalbe laufull to the highe constables of hundredes in every shire, to holde kepe and contynue petie sessions, otherwise called statute sessions, wthin the lymittes of theyr aucthorities, in all shires wherin suche sessions have bene used to bee kepte, in suche maner and fourme as heretofore hathe been used and accustomed, so as nothing bee by them doone therin contrarie or repugnant© to this pnte Acte.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for the Punyshement of suche persones as shall procure or comit any

wyllfull Peijurye.

\\f HERE in the Parlyament holden at Westminster in the two and * - thyrtythe yere of the reigne of the late Kyng of famous memorye Kyng Henrye Theight, emongst other thinges yt was ordeyned enacted and established, that no pson or psons of what estate degree or condicon soever he or they were, should© from thensforthe unlawfully suborne any witnes or

1 The two following provisoes are annexed to the original Act in two separate schedules.


cities and towns corporate.

xxxvm

Proviso for contracts already made.

XXXIX. For apprehension of servants, &c. departing from their masters into other shires.

XL. High constables in hundreds may keep statute sessions.

Recital of Statute 32 H. VIIL c. 9. §3. against suborning of witnesses;

610

5 Elizabeth, c. 9.

A.B. 1562-3.

penalty on suborning of witnesses, £40

and in default of payment, half a year's imprisonment and pillory.

Offenders convicted dis-

witnesses by Ires rewardes promyses or by any other synister labour or meanes, for to mayntayne any matter or cause, or to the disturbance or hynderance of justice, pr to the procurement or occasion of any maner of peijurye by false verdict or otherwise in any of the Kinges courtes of the Chancerye the Starre Chamber the White Hall or elswhere w^in any the Kinges dominions of Englande or Wales, or the [marches l-\ of the same, where any pson or psons have or from thensforthe shoulde have aucthoritee by vertue of the Kinges commission patent or wryt to holde plee of lande or texamine heere or determine any title of landes, or any matter or witnesses concerning the title right or interest of any landes tenementes or heredita-mentes, upon payne of forfeiture for every suche offence ten poundes, thone moietie therof to bee to the King, and thother to the ptie that would sue for the same; as by the same estatute amongs divers other thinges more playnely yt dothe appeare: Sithence the making wherof for that the said penaltie ys so small towardes thoffendoures in that behalf the said offence of subornaam and sinister procurement of false witnes hathe iievertheles greatly encreased and augmented, and by reason of the.wilfull gjurie committed by the same suborned witnesses, divers and sundry of the Quenes Maties subjectes have susteyned disherison ande greate impoverishment, aswell of their landes and tenementes as also of their goodes and cattelles: Bee it therfore enacted by our sovereigne ladye the Quene, by thassent of the lordes spyrituall and temporall, and the comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, and by thaucthorite of the same, that all and every suche pson and psons w°h at any tyme after . the tenthe daye of Aprill next c5ming, shall unlaufully and corruptly procure any wytnes or wittnesses, by lettres rewardes promises or by any other synister and unlaufull labour or meanes whatsoever, to comitte any wilfoll and corrupte peijurye in any matter or cause whatsoever nowe depending, or w0*1 hereafter shall depende in sute and varyance by any writ action byll complaynt or information in any wise touching or concerning any landes tenementes or hereditamentes, or any gottdes [cattles *] debtes or damages in any of the courtes before mentioned, or in any of the Quenes Matiea courtes of recorde, or in any leete (*) viewe of franke pledge or lawedaye auncyent demeane courte hundredcourte court baron, or in the courte or courtes of the stannerye in the counties of Devon and Comewall, or shall lykewise unlaufully and corruptly procure or suborne any witnes or witnesses w0*1 shall from and after the said tenthe daye of Aprill be sworne to testifie in perpetuam rei memoriam, that then every suche offendour or offendoures shall for his here or their said offence, being therof laufully convicted or attaynted, lose and forfaite the some of fourtye powndes; and yf yt happen any suche offendour or offendours so being convicted or attainted as aforesayd not to have any goodes or cattles landes or tenementes to the value of xl li. that then every suche pson so being convicte or attaynted of any thoffences aforesayd shall for his or theyr said offence, suffer imprysonement by the space of one half yere w^kjut bayle or mayneprise, and to stande upon the pilorye by the space of one whole houre in some market towne next adjoyning to the place where thoffence was comitted, in open market ther, or in the market towne it self where the offence was comitted; and that no pson or psons beyng so convicted or attaynted to bee from thens-

1 fishes O. a chattellf 0. ' 3 courte O.

A.D. 15G2-3.

5 Elizabeth, c. 9.

611

for the received as a witnes to bee deposed or sworne in any coarte of abledfrom recorde wthin any of the Quenes Highnes domynyons of Englande Wales or the marches of the same, untill suche tymes as the judgement gyven agaynst judgment, and the saide pson or psons shalbee reversed by attainte or otherwise, and that uTto^party* upon every suche reversall the pties greeved to recover his or their damages, grieved, against all and everie suche pson and psons as dyd procure the said judgement so reversed to bee first gyven agaynst them or any of them, by actyon or actions to bee sued upon his or their case or cases according to the course of the comon lawes of this realme.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that yf any pson or II. psons after the sayd tenthe daye of Apryll next c5ming, either by the grilty

subomatyon unlaufull procurement synister persuatyon or meanes of any of perjury,£20. others, or by their owne acte consent or agreament, wilfully and corruptlie Sprisonment8 commit any maner of wilful] peijurye by his or their deposition in any of the and disability, courtes before mentioned, or being exaritined ad perpetuam rei memoriam, that then every pson and psons so offending and being therof dulye convicte or attainted by the lawes of this realme, shall for his or their said offence lose and forfaite twentye powndes, and to have imprisonement by the space of vj monethes w^kjut bayle or maineprise, and thothe of suche pson or psons so offending from thensforthe not to bee receyved in any courte of recorde w^in this realme of Englande or Wales or the marches of the same, untyll suche tyme as the judgemt gyven against the said pson or psons shalbee reversed by attaynte or otherwise: And that upon everye suche reversall the pties greeved to recover his or their damages against all and every suche pson and psons as dyd procure the said judgement so reversed to bee gyven against them or any of them by actyon or actyons to bee sued upon his or their case or cases according to the course of the comen lawes of this realme: And yf yt On non-pay-happen the saide offendour or offendours so offending not to have any goodes piUory

or [cattelles *] to the value of xx li. that then he or they to bee sett on the and disability, pilloiye in some market place w^in the shiere citie or bourghe where the said &c* offence shalbee comitted, by the shryf or his ministers yf yt shall fortune to bee wthout any citie or tawne corporate, and yf yt happen to bee w^in any suche citie or towne corporate then by the said heade officer or officers of suche citie or towne corporate or by his or their ministers, and there to have bothe his eares nayled, and fromthenceforthe to bee discredited and disabled for ever to bee sworne in any of the courtes of recorde aforesaid, untill suche time*as the judgem* shalbe reversed, and therupon to recover his damages in maner and forme before mentioned; thone moietie of all w011 somes of money goodes Application of and [cattelles *] to bee forfaited in maner and fourme aforesaid to bee to the penaItie8' Quene our sovereigns ladye her heires and successoures, and thother moitie to suche pson or psons as shalbe grieved hindered or molested by reason of any thoffence or offences before mentioned, that will sue for the same by action of debt bill playnt information or otherwyse in any of the Quenes Ma*8 courtes of recorde, in the w011 no wager of lawe essoigne protecfon or injunction to bee alowed.

And bee yt also enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that oswell the judge in. and judges of every suche of the said courtes where any suche suite ys or 1

1 chattellf O,


612

5 Elizabeth, c. 9.

A.D. 15G2-3.

justices of shalbee, and wherupon any suche pjurie is or shall happen to be cSmitted, as paic^&c. may ajgo the justices of assises and gaole deliverie in their severall circuites and the offences. justices of the peace in eveiy countie w^in this realme or in Wales, at their quarter sessions bothe w^in the liberties and w^out, shall have full power & aucthoritee by vertue hereof tenquire of all and every the defaultes and offences perpetrated cdmitted or done contrarie to this Acte, by inquisition presentement bill or informatyon before them exhibited, or otherwise laufullye to heare and determyne the same, and therupon to geve judgement, awarde proces and execution of the same according to the course of the lawes of this realme.

V. Provided [alwayes,l] that this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall

extend to the n°k extende to any spuall or ecclesiasticall courte or courtes wthin this realme spiritual courts, of Englande or Wales or the marches of the same; but that all and eveiye suche offendour or offendours as shAll offende in fourme aforesaid shall and

maye bee punished by suche usuall and ordynarye lawes as heretofore hathe been and yet ys used and frequented in the said ecclesiasticall courtes; any thing in this pnte Acte conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

VI.

Penalty on all witnesses neglecting to attend, £10. and recompence to the party grieved.

Provided also and bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that yf any pson or psons upon whom any proces out of any of the courtes of recorde w^in this realme or Wales, shalbee served to testefie or depose concerning any cause or matter depending in any of the same courtes, and having tendred unto him or them, according to his or their countenance or calling, suche reasonable sdmes of moneye for his or their costes and chardges as having regarde to the distance of the places ys necessarye to bee allowed in that behalfe, doo not appeare according to the tenour of the said proces, having not a laufull and reasonable lett or impedyment to the contrarye, that then the ptie making defaulte to lose and forfeite for every suche offence tenne poundf, and to yelde suche further recompence to the ptie grieved as by the discretion of the judge of the courte out of the whiche the said proces shalbee awarded, according to the losse and hindrance that the ptie w0*1 procured the said proces shall sustayne by reason of the non appaerance of the said witnes or witnesses; the said severall somes to bee recovered by the ptie so greeved against thoffendor or offendors by accon of det bill plaint or informacon in any of the Quenes Ma*68 courtes of recorde, in wch no wager of lawe essoigne or proteccon to bee alowed.

vn. Provided alwaies, that this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not

any w*se ex^nde 2] to restraine the power or aucthoritee geven, by Acte lord chancel- of Pliament made in the tyme of King Henry the Seventhe, to the 1. chan-S^Chamber ceH°ur of Englande and others of the Kinges counsell for the tyme being, under 11H.VIL texamine and punishe riottes heinous pjuries and other offences and misde-preridenf, &c. meaninges; w°h lorde chancello1 and other sithens the making of the saide of Wales, &c. Acte, have most comonly used to heare and determyne suche matters in the courte at Wes tin comonly called the Starre Chamber; nor to restray ne the power or aucthorite of the lorde presydent and coucell of the marches of Wales or of the lorde president and coucell in the northe, nor of any other

5 Elizabeth, c. 9, 18, 23.

613

judge having absolute power to punishe perjurie before the making of this estatute; but that they and every of them shall have and maye proceade in the punishemt of ail offences heretofore punishable, in suche wise as they might have done and used to doo before the making of this Acte to all purposes, so that they set not upon the offendor or offendo" les punishement then is conteined in this Acte........

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte declaring thauctoritee of the L. Keeper of the Great Seale of England and the L. Chancellor to bee one.

TX7HERE some question hathe of late arysen whether like place aucthorite Authority of preheminence jurisdiction and power dothe belong, and of right ought to th^eat^af, belong, to thoffice of the lorde keper of the greate seale of Englande for the declared to be tyme beyng, as of right dothe and ought to belong to the office of the lorde that^ toe?lord chancello1 of Englande for the tyme beyng, or not: Fob declaration wherof chancellor, and in advoyding suche question hereafter, bee it enacted and declared by the Quene our sovereigne ladye the lordes spuall and temporall and [the*] comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, that the cdrnen lawe of this realme ys, and alwayes was and ought to bee taken, that the keper of the greate seale of Englande for the time beyng, hathe alwayes hadd used and executed, and of right ought to have use and execute, and from hensforthe maye have perceyve take use and execute, as of right belonging to thoffice of the keper of the greate seale of Englande for the tyme beyng, the same and like place aucthoritee preemynence jurisdiccon execuam of lawes, and all other customes comodities and advauntages, as the lorde chancellour of Englande for the tyme being lawfully used had and ought to have use [and2] execute, as of right belonging to the office of the lorde chancellour of Englande for the tyme being, to all intentes construccons and purposes, and as yf the same keper of the greate seale for the tyme were lorde chancellor of Englande.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for the due Execucon of the Writ De excommunicato capiendo.

T^ORASMUCHE as dyvers psons offending in many greate crimes and offences, apperteyning merely to the jurisdiccon and determinacon of thecclesiasticall courtes and judges of this realme, arr many tymes unpunyshed for lack and want of the good and due execucon of the writte de excommunicato capiendo, directed to the sheriffe of any countie, for the taking and apprehending of suche offendours; the greate abuse wherof as yt should seme hathe growen, for that the sayd writte ys not returneable into anye courte that might have the judgement of the well executing and serving of the said writt, according to the contentes therof, but hitherto have been lefte onely to the discretion of the sherifes and their deputies, by whose neccligences and

For remedying the evils resulting from not duly executing writs de excommunicato capiendo;

1 0. omits.

2 or 0.

614

5 Elizabeth, c. 23.

A.D. 1562-3.

all such writs, awarded out of Chancery, shall be made in term-time, returnable in the ensuing term into the King's Bench, and shall be there openly delivered, of record, to the sheriff; who shall be amerced in case the writ is not duly returned.

II.

At return-day of writ, sheriff not compellable to bring in the body; but on return of non est inventus, capias shall issue,returnable in term-time two months after the teste, with proclamations against the party, to surrender under forfeiture of £10; and on his default such forfeiture shall be estreated, and a fresh capias with like proclamation, to surrender on forfeiture of £20. and so continually until the party shall surrender.

defaultes for the most parte, the said writt ys not executed upon thoffendo* as yt ought to bee; by reason wherof suche offendoures bee greatly encoraged to contynue theyre synnefull and crymynous lyef, muche to the displeasure of Almyghty God, and to the greate contempt© of the ecclesiastical!, lawes of this realme: Wherfore for the redresse therof, bee it enacted by the Quenes most excellent Matie thassent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritie of the same, that from and after the first daye of Maye next coming, every writt of excommunicato capiendo that shalbe graunted and awarded out of the Higbe Courte of Chancerye agaynst any pson or psons wthin the realme of Englande, shalbee made in the tyme of the terme, and returneable before the Quenes Highnes her heires and successoures, in the courte comonly called the Kingt* Benche, in the terme nexte after the teste of the same writt, and that the .same writt shalbee made to conteyne at the least twentye days betwen the teste and the retume therof; and after the same writte shalbee so made and sealed, that then the said writt shalbee foorthew^ brought into the said Courte of the Kinges Benche, and there in the presence of the justices shalbee opened and delyvered of recorde to the sheriff or other officer to whom the serving and executyon therof shall apperteyne, or to his or their deputie or deputies; and yf afterwardes it shall or maye appeare to the justices of the same courte for the tyme beyng, that the same writt so delyvered of recorde bee not duly returned before them at the daye of the returne therof, or that anye other defaulte or negligence hathe been used or hadd in the not well serving and executing of the sayd writ, that then the justices of the said courte shall and maye by aucthoritee of this Acte, assesse suche amerciament, upon the said sheriff or other officer in whom suche defalte shall appeare, as to the discretyon of the sayd justices shalbee thought meete and convenient, wch amerciament so assessed shalbee extreated into the Courte of Thexchequer as other amerciamentes have been used.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, that the sheriffe or other officer to whom suche writt of excommunicato capiendo, or other proces by vertue of this Acte, shalbee directed, shall not in any wise bee compelled to bring the bodye of suche pson or psons as shalbee named in the sayd writ or proces, into the said Courte of the Kingf Benche, at the daye of the returne therof; but shall onely returne the same writt and proces thither, declaracon brefly howe and in what maner he hathe served and executed the same, to thintent that therupon the said justices may then further therin procede according to the tenor and effecte of this pnte Acte; and yf the said sheryff or other officer to whom thexecucon the sayd writ shall so appertayne, doo or shall retume that the ptie or pties named in the said writt cannot bee founde wthin his baleefweek, that then the said justices of the Kingf Benche for the tyme beyng, upon every suche retume, shall awarde one writ of capias against the said pson or psons named in the said writ of excomunicato capiendo, returneable in the same coftrte, in the terme tyme, twoo monethes at the least next after the teste therof; w^ a proclamation to be conteyned w^in the said writ of capias, that the sheriff or other officer to whom the same writ shalbee directed, in the full countie courte or elles at the generall assises an>l gaole delyverie to bee holden wthin the same countie, or at a quarter sessions to bee holden before the justices of peace w^in the same countie, shall make

A.D. 1562-3.

5 Elizabeth, c. 23.

615

open proclamacon tenne dais at the least before the returne that the ptie or pties named in the said writ, shall w^in sixe days next after suche proclamaoon, yelde his or theyr body or bodyes to the gaole and pryson of the said sheriff or other suche officer, there to remayne as a prysoner according to the teno* and effecte of the first writ of excomunicato capiendo, upon payne of forfeiture of tenne poundes; and therupon after suche proclamacon had and the said sixe daies paste and expired, then the said sheriff, or other officer to whom suche writ of capias shalbee directed, shall make returne of the same writ of capias into the said Courte of the Kingf Benche, of all that hee hathe doone in thexecucon therof, and whether the ptie named in the sayd writ have yelded his bodie to prison or not: And yf upon the returne of the said sheryff yt shall appeare that the ptie or pties named in the said writ of capias, or any of them, have not yelded theyr bodies to the gaole and pryson of the said sherif or other officer, according to theffecte of the same proclamacon, that then every suche pson that so shall make defaulte, shall for eveiy suche defaulte forfaite to the Quenes Highnes her heyres and successours tenne poundes, whiche shall lykewise bee extreated by the sayd justices into the said Courte of Exchequer in suche maner and fourme as fines and amerciamentes there taxed and assessed arre used to bee: And therupon the sayd justices of the Kinges Benche shall also awarde for the one other writ of capias against the pson or psons that so shalbee returned to have made defaulte, w* suche like proclamacon as was conteyned in the first capias, and a payne of twenty poundes to bee mentioned in the sayd seconde writte and proclamacon; and the sheriff or other officer to whom the said [writt of seconde capiasl] shalbee so directed, shall serve and execute the same seconde writ in suche like maner and fourme as before ys expressed for the serving and executing of the sayd first writte of capias; and yf the sheryff or other officer shall returne upon the said seconde capias that he hathe made the proclamacon according to the tenor and effecte of the same writt, and that the ptie hathe not yelded his body to pryson according to the teno1 of the said proclamacon, that then the sayd ptie that so shall mgke default shall for suche his contempte and defaulte forfaite to the Quenes Highnes her heyres and successoures the sdme of twentye poundes; w^1 sayd some of xx ii. the said justices of the Kinges Benche for the tyme being shall likewise cause to bee extreated into the said Courte of Exchequer, in maner and forme aforesaid: And then the said justices shall likewise awarde foorthe one other writt of capias agaynst the sayd ptie, w^1 suche lyke proclamacon and payne of forfeyture as was conteyned in the said seconde writ of capias; and the sheriff or other officer to whom the said thirde writ of capias shall so bee directed, shall serve and execute the said third writt of capias in suche like maner and forme as before in this Acte ys expressed and declared for the serving and executing of the said first and seconde writtes of capias: And yf the sheriff or other officer to whom thexecucon of the said third writt shall appertayne do make returne of the sayd thirdd writ of capias that the ptie upon suche proclamacon hathe not yelded his bodye to pryson according to the tenor therof, that then everie such ptie for everie suche contempt and defaulte shall likewise forfaite to the Quenes Ma1*0 her heires and successoures other twenty powndes; wch s5me of xx tL

616

5 Elizabeth, c. 23.

A.D. 1562-3.

m.

Party surrendering shall be kept in custody, as under writ de excom. cap.

IV. Penalty on sheriff for false return of default, £40. to the party.

V.

Saving for authority of the bishop, &c. to receive submission of the party excommunicated, &c.

shall likewise bee extreated in the said Courte of Thexchequer in maner and fourme aforesaid; and therupon the said justices of the Kinges Benche shall likewise awarde foorthe one writ of capias against the said ptie, like proclamacon and like payne of forfeiture of xx ti. And [that also 1] the said justices shall have aucthoritee by this Acte infinitly tawarde suche proces of capias, w^ suche like proclamacon and payne of forfeiture of xx 1L as ys before limited against the said gtie that so shall make defaulte in yelding of his body to the pryson of the sheriff, until suche tyme as, by returne of some of the said writtes before the said justices, yt shall and maye appeare that the said ptie hathe yelded hymself to the custodye of the sayd sherif or other officer according to the teno1 of the said proclamation: And that the ptie upon every default and contempt by him made agaynste the proclamacon of any of the said writtes so infinitly to bee awarded agaynst hym, shall incurre like payne & forfeyture of xx li. w°h shall likewise bee extreated in maner and fourme aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, that when any psone or psons shall yelde his or their bodye or bodyes to the handes of the sheriff or other officer upon any of the sayd writtes of capias, that then the same ptie or pties that shall so yelde themselfes shall remayne in the pryson and custodye of the sayd sheriff or other officer, wthout bayle baston or maynepryse, in suche like maner and fourme to all intentes and purposes as he or they shoulde or ought to have doone yf he or they hadd been apprehended and taken upon the sayd writt of excomunicato capiendo.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that yf any sheryf, or other officer by whom the sayd writte of capias or any of them shalbee returned as ys aforesaid, doo make an untrewe returne upon any of the sayd writtes, that the ptie named in the said writt hathe not yelded his bodye upon the said proclamations or any of them, where indede the ptie dyd yelde himself according to theffect of the same, that then every suche sheryf or other officer for every suche false and untrewe returne shall forfaite to the ptie greved and dampnified by the said returne, the some of fourty poundes; for the wch some of xl li. the sayd ptie greved shall have his recoveiye and due remedye by actyon of debt bill playnte or informaam in any of the Quenes courtes of recorde, in wch action bill playnte or informacon no essoigne proteccon or wager of lawe shalbee admitted or alowed for the ptie defendante.

Saving and reserving to all archebishoppes and bishoppes, and all others having aucthoritee to certefie any pson excommunicated, like aucthorite taccept and receyve the submission and satisfaction of the said pson so excommunicated in maner and fourme heretofore used, and him tabsolve and release, and the same to signifie as heretofore hathe been accustomed to the Quenes Matie her heires and successoures into the Highe Courte of Chanceiye; and therupon to have suche writtes for the delyverance of the said pson so absolved and released from the sheriffes custodye or pryson, as heretofore they or any of them had or of right ought or might have hadd; any thing in this presente statute specyfyed or conteyned to the contrarye hereof in any wise notwithestandyng.

1 bo further 0.

617

Q) Provided alwayes, that in Wales, the counties palatines of Lancaster Chester Durham and Elye, and in the cing, portes, being jurisdicams and places exempt© wher the Quenes Ma^8 writt dothe not rune, and proces of capias from thense not returnable into the sayd Courte of the Kinges Benche, after any significavit being of record© in the sayd Courte of Chancerie, the tenor of suche significavit by mittimus shalbee sent to suche of the head officers of the said countrey of Wales, counties palatines and places exempte, wthin whose offices chardge or jurisdiccon thoffendor shalbee resiaunt, that ys to saye, to the chancellor or chamberlayne for the said countie palatyne of Lancaster and Chester, and for the cyncq* portes to the lorde warden of the same, and for Wales and Elye and the countie palatyne of Durham, to the cheif justice or justicer ther; and thereupon every of the sayd justices and officers, to whom suche tenour of significavit w^ mittimus shalbee directed and delyvered, shall by vertue of this estatute have power & aucthoritee to make like proces to thinferiour officer and officers to whom thexecucon of proces there doothe apperteyne, returneable before the justices there at their next sessions or courtes twoo monethes at the least after the teste of every suche proces; so allways as in every degree theye shall proceed in their sessions and courtes against thoffendo" as the justices of the sayd Courte of Kinges Benche are lymitted by the tenor of this Acte in terme tymes to doo and execute.

VI.

Process against offenders in Wales, counties palatine, &c. on tenor of signi-ficavit into Chancery being sent by mittimus to the head officers in Wales, Ac.

Provided also and bee yt enacted, that any pson at the tyme of any proces Provi^)I^)r of capias (afore mentyoned) awarded beyng in pryson, or out of this realm© in prisoners, the pties beyonde the sea, or w^in age, or of non sane memorie, or woman covert, shall not incurre any of the paynes or forfaitures afore mentioned, other disabled whiche shall growe by any retume or defaulte happening duryng suche tyme I*80118-of nonage imprysonement beyng beyonde the sea or non sane memorie; and that by vertue of this estatute the ptie greved may pleade every suche cause or matter in barre of and upon the distres or other proces that shalbee made for levyeng of any of the sayd paynes or forfaitures: And that yf the offendo* Addition of the against whom any suche writt of excomunicato capiendo shalbee awarded, J^Ired by shall not in the same writt of excomunicato capiendo have a sufficient and 1 H-v- c<5> laufull addition according to the fourme of the Statute of primo of Henrye the Fifthe, in cases of certayne suites wherupon proces of exigent are to bee awarded, or yf in the significavit yt bee not conteyned that thexc5municatyon cau8es of .

° J excommumca-

dothe groceade upon some cause or contempte of some ongmall matter of tiontobe heresie, or refusing to have his or their childe baptysed, or to receave the holy ^g^vit^5 comunyon as yt comonlye ys nowe used to bee receyved in the Churche of Englande, or to come to dyvyne service nowe c5monlye used in the said Churche of Englande, or errour in matters of religyon or doctryne nowe receyved and alowed in the sayd Churche of Englande, incontinencye usurye symonye perjurye in the ecclesiasticall courte or idolatrye, that then all and every paynes and forfaitures lymitted agaynst suche psons excomunicate by this estatute, by reason of suche writ of excomunicato capiendo wanting sufficient addicon, or of suche significavit wanting all the causes afore mentioned, shalbee utterly voyde in lawe, and by waye of plea to bee alowed to the ptie greved: And yf the addicon shalbee with a nuper of the place, where addition

A is with a nuper,

618

5 Elizabeth, c. 23, 26.

A.D. 1562-3.

a writ of proclamation without penalty shall issue-lhto the county where the party dwells.

then in every suche case, at thawarding of the firste capias w*1 proclamation according to the fourme afore mentioned, one writt of proclamation (w^krat anye payne expressed) shalbee awarded into the countie where the offendo1 shalbee most comonly resiant, at the tyme of thawarding of the said first capias withe payne in the same writt of proclamacon, to bee retumeable the day of the retume of the said first capias w^ payne, and proclamacon therupon at some one suche tyme and courte as ys prescribed for the proclamacon upon the said first capias withe payne: And yf suche gclaraaam bee not made in the countie where thoffendor shalbee most cdmonly resyant, in suche cases of additions of nup, that then suche offendo1 shall susteyne no payne or forfeyture by vertue of this estatute for not yelding his or her body accordyng to the tenour afore mentioned; any thing before spedfyed to the contrarye hereof in anye wyse notwithestanding.

Recital of Stat. 27 H. vrn. c. 16. for inrolling conveyances by bargain and sale in the courts at Westminster, &c. or in the several counties, &c .;

not extended to Lancaster, &c.

Inrollments of all such conveyances in the courts of Lancaster, Chester, and Durham, or before the justices of

CHAPTER XXVL

An Acte for thenroUem* of Indentures of Bargayne and Sale in the Queues

Ma^s Courtes.

VlTliERE in the Parliament holden upon prorogation at Westminster, the

' ' fourthe daye of February in the xxvijtk yere of the reign of our late sovereigne lorde of most famouse memorye King Henry Theight, and there continued and kept till the xiiijth daye of Aprill then next ensueng, it was enacted, that from the last daye of Julye w* was in the yere of our Lorde God one thousande fyve hundrethe thirtie syxe, no manours landes tenements or other hereditamentes shoulde passe alter or chaunge from one to an other, wherby any estate of inheritance or freeholde shoulde bee made or take effect in any pson or psons, or any use therof to bee made by reason onely of any bargayne and sale therof, except the same bargayne and sale were made by writing indented sealed and inrolled in one of the Kingf courtes of recorde at Westm, or els w^in the same countie or counties where the same manours landes or tenementes so bargayned and solde lye or bee, before the custos rotulorum and twoo justices of the peace, and the clarck of the peace of the same countie or counties or two of them at the least, (wherof the clarck of the peace to bee one,) and the same inrollementes to bee hadd and made within syxe monethes next after the date of the said writing indented; as by the same Acte of Pliamt amonge other thinges theryn conteyned more at large yt dothe appeare: And forasmuche as the same Acte of Pliamt dothe not extende to make any inrollmentes of any deedes indented of suche bargaynes and sales, made of any manors landf tentes or hereditamentes lieng and beyng wthin the counties palatyne of Lancaster Chester and the bishopriche of Duresme, to bee good or of any force in the lawe, in any the Queues courtes of recorde wtllin the sayd counties palatyne of Lancaster Chester or bishopriche of Duresme: Bee it nowe therfore enacted by the Quene our sovereygne ladye wte thassent of the lordes spuall and temporal! of this pnte Pliam* assembled and by thaucthorite of the same, that from the feaste of Easter next comyng, all inrollementes of suche writinges indented, of any bargayne and sale after the said feast of Easter to bee made of any manours landes tenementes or other hereditamentes sett lieng or being in the sayd counties of Lancaster

A.D. 1562-a

5 Elizabeth, c, ±iL

cad

Chester and bvshopricbe of Duresme, beyng made and inrvdled. \r*Hn $vxx> monethes nexte after the date of any soehe writings indented, in the Queues Court of Cbancezye at Lancaster, or before the Queues justice or justice* of assises at Lancaster aforesaid, concerning any manours landes toiftes or hereditamentes w^in the sayd count to of Lancaster, or in the Queues Court e of Thexchequer at Chester, or before the Queues justice or justices i\f assises at Chester aforesaid, concerning any maours landes tent os or herevlitamentes w^yn the said countie of Chester, or in the Courte of Chaunoerye at Dutvame, or before the justice or justices of assises at Duresme aforesaid, concerning any manours landes tentes or hereditamentes vr^in the said eountio of the bishopriche of Duresme, shalbee accepted reputed deemed and taken by thaucthoritee of this Acte, to bee as good and avayleable in the lawo to all intentes construccons and purposes, as yf the same writingos indented had bene made and inrolled in any of the Queues courtes at Westminster; any thing conteyned in the said former Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided alwayes, that this Acte nor any thing theryn conteyned oxtende to any mano landes tenementes or hereditamentes lyeng and beyng wu'in any dtie borowghe or towne corporate, w^yn any of the said oounties, wheroin the maiours recorders chaumberlayncs bayliefes, or other officer or officers, have aucthoritee and have laufully used tenroll any evidences doodes or other writinges withein their precincte or lymites; any thing in this Acto oontoyned to the contrary notwithestanding.

8 ELIZABETH. A.D. 1560.

STATUTES made in the PARLIAMENT, Holden by Prorogation at Westminster, on the Thirtieth Day of September,

In the EIGHTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

Rotulo ^arltamrntt Hr anno icgnt <£U|abetl)e Uegme $rtabo. pj

CHAPTER II.

An Acte whereby the Defendant maye recover his Coates beinge wrongfully

vexed.

Vl/ HERE dyvers parsons, of their malicious mindes and wt^out any just cause, do many tymes cause and procure others of the Queues loving subjectes to be very muche molested and troubled by attachementes and arrest? made of their bodyes, aswell by processe of latitat alias and piures capias sued out of the courte comonly called the King? Benche, as also by

£ * It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statute* of the Realm and a foot not* (volume 4. p. 483.), that chapters 17-19. in the Statutes of the Realm are not on tin* roil, but are printed from the original A<*ts in the Parliament Office. It also appear* that chapter 22. in the Statutes of the Realm is numbered 30. on the rolLj

a»ue iWfw a*

W

' II.

Proviso B>r corporations, Ac. lurolllug dootW,

V?xatioo« by

jMVfcOtMll

action*, brought tuni diwvutiua*4;

620

8 Elizabeth, c. 2.

A.D. 1566.

costs given to defendants in the King's Bench, on delay, discontinuance, or nonsuit of the plaintifE

n.

Costs given to defendants in the Marshalsea Court, and courts of the city of London, or other corporations, in like cases.

piaynt byll or other suite in the courte comonly called the Marshalsey, and w^in the citye of London, and other cities townes corporate and places where any libertie or privilege is to holde pleas of debt trespasse and other personall actions and suites; and when the parteis that be arrested or attached are brought foorthe to aunswere to suche actions and suites as shoulde be objected against them, then manye tymes there is no declaration or matter layed against the parteis so arrested or attached, whereunto they maye make any aunswere; and so the partie arrested is verie maliciously put to great charges and expences w^out any just or reasonable cause; and yet nevertheless hitherto by brder of the lawe the partie so greved and vexed coulde never have any coostes or damages to hym to be judged or awarded for the sayde vexation and trouble: Fob remedie wherof be it enacted and ordeined by the aucthoritie of this psent Parliament, that when and as often as anye parson or parsons, after the first daye of January next comyng, shall sue foorth or by anye meane cause or procure to be sued foorth of the sayd courte comonly called the Kyngf Benche, any of the wrytes or processe before mencyoned against any parson or parsons upon the same wryte or wrytes shall happen to be arrested, or woh shall appeare uppon the retoume of any of the sayd wrytes or processe, and shall put in his or their bail© or bailes to aunswere suche suite as shalbe objected agaynst hym according to the common order of that courte; that then in everye suche case if the partie or parties, at whose suite meanes or procurement the same write writes or processe was obtayned or sued foorth, doo not wthin three dayes next after suche bayle had and taken, put into the same court his or their declaration against the same partie or parties against whome suche writes or processe hath ben or shalbe sued, or if after declaration had and put into the same courte, the plaintyfe in suche case shall not prosecute the same effect, but shall willingly and apparauntly to the same courte suffer his or their sayd suite to be delayed, or shall after declaration so had suffer the same suite to be dyscontinewed, or otherwyse shalbe nonsuite in the same, that then in every suche case the judges of the sayd court for the tyme being shall, by their dyscrecions from tyme to tyme as they shall see or parceyve any suche default to be in the partie or parties at whose suite meanes or procurement suche writes or processe was sued foorth, awarde and judge, to every suche parson and persons so arrested vexed molested or troubled by such wrytes or suite, his and their costes damages and charges by any meanes susteyned, by occasion of any suche writes processe arrestes or "suites taken sued or had against hym, to be payde by suche person or persons that so dothe or shall cause or procure anye such writes or processe to be sued foorthe as is aforesayd.

And bee it farther enacted by the aucthoritye aforesayd, that if any person or persons shall after the sayd fyrst daye of Januarye, cause or procure anye other person or persons to be attached or arrested to aunswere to any byll piaynt action or suite in the sayd Court of the Marshalsey, or in any court w^in the sayd citie of London, or in any citie borough towne corporate or other place or places where any lifetie or privy ledge is used to holde plea in any action or actions personall, and doe not in all courtes having their con-tinewance de die in diem, wthin three dayes next after suche tyme as the partie defendaunt or defendauntf shalbe bayled, or otherwyse appeare in court, by force of any arrest or attachement had and retourned, and in all other

A.D. 1566.

8 Elizabeth, c. 2.

621

courtes at the next session or court to be holden after such arrestes or attachment? and appearaunce of the partie defendaunt or defendaunt?, where as the sayd partie defendaunt or defendant? shalbe compelled or owglit to appeare, unlesse a further daye shalbe especially geven by the dyscretion of the court from whence any precept processe or attachment shalbe awarded, put and exhibitt hys byll or declaracion against such parson or persons as so by his suit and meanes shalbe attached or arrested, into suche court where the partie by suche attachement or arrest is compelled or owght to appeare, or if any suche person or persons at whose suite or meanes any suche attachement or arrest of any person or persons shalbe so had and made after his declaracion bill or playnte exhibited, do not from thensfoorth prosecute the same his suite w^ effect, or shall suffer the same to be discontinewed, or shall after be nonsuite in the same, or willingly and apparauntly to the same courte shall for vexation of the defedant in suche suite delaye the same suite, that then in every suche case the judge or judges of every suche court before whome any parson or persons shall so be sued molested or troubled by occasion or meane of anye suche attachment or arrest, or by suche suite or suites, shall foorthwth by his or their dyscrecion from tyme to tyme, as he or they shall see or parceyve any such default or delaye in the partye that caused or procured any suche attachement or arrest to be had, awarde and judge to every suche * person or persons, w°h after the sayd fyrst daye of Januarie shall so be attached arrested molested vexed or troubled, his costes damages and charges by any meanes susteyned by occasion of any suche attachement arrest or suite so had and taken agaynst hym, to be payde by suche person or persons that so doeth or shall cause or procure any suche attachement or arrest to be so had or made.

And if any person or persons at any time after the sayd fyrst daye of January shall by any waye or meane, maliciously or for vexacion and trouble, cause or procure anye other person or persons to be arrested or attached to aunswere in any the courtes or places aforesayd, at the suite or in the name of any person or persons where in deede there is no suche person or persons knowen, or wthout the assent consent or agreament of suche person or persons at whose suite or in whose name such arrest or attachement is or shalbe so had and procured, that then every suche parson and persons that so shall cause or procure any suche arrest or attachement of any other person or persons to be had or made, for vexacion or trouble as is aforesayd, and shall thereof be convicted or lawfully accused by indictmt presentment or by the testimonye of two sufficyent wytnesses or mo or other due prooffe, shall for every suche offence by hym or them cdmytted done or procured, have and suffer imprisonment of hys or their bodye or bodyes by the space of syxe monethes w^knit bayle or maynprise; and before he or they shalbe delyvered out of pryson, shall paye unto the partie or parties, so arrested or attached by his or their meanes or procurement, treble the costes charges damages and expences that he or they shalbe put unto by reason or occasion of suche arrest or attachement so had; and shall also forfayte and paye unto suche person or persons in whose name or at whose suite he or they shall so procure suche arrest or attachment to be had or made, if then there shalbe any suche person knowen, the soome of tenne pound? for everie suche offence.

IH. Penalty on persons arresting others in the names of fictitious plaintiffs, &c. six muuths' imprisonment and treble damages, &c.

622

8 Elizabeth, c. 2.

AJX1566.

IV. Parties may recover all such costs, &c. by action of debt.

Recital of Stat. 5 Eliz. c.l. §1. against upholding the jurisdiction of the see of Rome;

And bee it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, that every person and persons to whom any costes charges damages forfayture or payment of any soome or soomes of money by aucthoritie of this Acte shalbe awarded judged or forfayted, shall and maye at all tymes hereafter have liys or their remedie for the recoverye thereof by accion of debt byll or playnt in any conrte of recorde against suche person or persons their heires executors or adminys-trators, as shoulde or ought to paye the same by vertue or force of this Acte, in wch action byll or playnt no essoigne protection or wager of lawe shalbe admytted or allowed to any the defendaunt or defen dauntes in the same.

13 ELIZABETH. A.D. 1571.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

BEGUN TO BE HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE SECOND DAY OF APRIL,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

<8\r Rotulo $arliamettti hr anno rrgni <£Ii|abetf)c &rgttu, iBerimo tertto. M

CHAPTER II.

An Acte agaynste the bringing in and putting in Execution of Bulls and other Instruments from the Sea of Rome. ibJ

\\J HERE in the Parliament holden at Westm in the fifte yere of the raigne of oui1 soveraigne ladye the Queenes Matie that nowe is, by one Acte & Statute then and there made, entytuled An Acte for the assuraunce of the Queenes Ma*£ royall powre over all states & subject^ wtbin her Hyghnesse domynions, it is among other thinges very well ordayned and gvided, for the abolishing of the usurped powre and jurisdiction of the Byshop of Rome and of the sea of Rome heretofore unlawfully claymed and usurped w^in this realme and other the domynions to the Quenes Ma*0 belonging, that no pson or psons shall holde or stande with to set foorth mayntaine defend or extoll the same usurped powre, or attrybute any maner jurisdyction aucthoritie or prehemynence to the same, to be hadd or used w^in this realme or any the sayd domynions, upon payne to incurr the dangr penalties and forfaitures

J »It appears by an extract from the Parliament Roll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 4. p. 525.), that chapters 26-28. in the Statutes of the Realm are not on the roll, but are printed from the original Acts in the Parliament Office. It also appears that chapter 29. in the Statutes of the Realm is numbered 36. on the roll.J

Jb This Act, so far only as the same imposes the penalties or punishments therein mentioned, rep., the following declaration being added to the repeal, — but it is hereby declared that nothing in this enactment contained shall authorize or render it lawful for any person or persons to import, bring in, or put in execution within this realm any such bulls, writings, or instruments, and that in all respects, save as to the said penalties or punishments, the law shall continue the same as if this enactment had not been made, 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. s. l.J

A.D. 1571.

13 Elizabeth, c. 2.

623

ordeyned and gvided by the Statute of Provysion & Premunire made in the sixteenth yere of the raigne of Kynge Rychard the Second, as by the same Acte more at large yt doeth and maye appere; and yet neverthelesse dyverse seditious and very evell disposed people, w^ute respect of their duetie to Almightey God or of the fayth and allegyaunce w°h thaye ought to here and have to our said soveraigne ladye the Quene and w^ut al feare or regard had to the sayde good lawe and statute, or the paynes therein lymited; but mynding as it should seeme verye seditiously and unnaturally, not only to bring this realme and the ymperiall crowne thereof (being in very deede of it selfe moste free) into the thraldomeand subjection of that forreyn usurped and unlawfull jurisdiction preheminence and aucthoritie claymed by the said sea of Rome, but also to estraunge and alienate the myndes and hartes of sundry her Ma^ subjectes from their duetyfull obedyence, and to raise and stirr sedition and rebellion w^in this realme, to the disturbance of the moste happye peace thereof, have lately gcured and obtayned to themselves from the said Byshop of Rome and his said sea, dyverse bulles and wrytynges, the effect whereof hath ben and is to absolve and reconcile all those that wilbe contented to forsake their due obedyence to our moste gratious soveraigne ladye the Quenes Mato, and to yeld and subjecte themselves to the said fayned unlawfull and usurped aucthoritie, and by color of the said bulls and writinges the said wycked psons verye secretly and moste seditiously in such partes of this realme where the people for want of good instrucKn are moste weake simple and ignorant, and thereby fardest from the good understanding of their duties towardes God and the Quenes Matie, have by their lude and subtill practeses and perswacions so farre forth wrought, that sundrye symple and ignorant psons have ben contented to be reconcyled to the saide usurped aucthoritie of the sea of Rome, and to take absolution at the handes of the said naughtie and subtill practysers, whereby hathe growne greate dysobe-dience and boldnesse in manye, not onely to wthdrawe & absent themselves from all dyvyne srvice nowe moste godly set forth and used w^in this realme, but also have thought themselves dyscharged of and from all obedyence duetie and allegiaunce to her Matie, whereby moste wycked and unnaturall rebellyon hathe ensued, and to the further daunger of this realme is hereafter very lyke to be renewed yf the ungodly and wycked attemptes in that behalf bee not by severitie of lawes in tyme restrayned and brydeled; FOR remedie and redr esse whereof, and to prevent the greate myscheefes and inconvenyencf that thereby maye ensue, bee yt enacted by the Queenes moste excellent Ma^ w^ thassent of the lordes spyrituall and temporall and the comons in this present Parliament assembled, and by aucthoritie of the same, that yf any person or psons after the fyrste daye of July next cdming, shall use or put in ure in any place w^in this realme or in any the Queenes domynions, any suche bull wry ting or instrument written or prynted of absolution or reconciliation at any tyme heretofore obtayned and gotten, or at any tyme hereafter to be obtayned or gotten from the said Bysshop of Rome or any his successors or from any other pson or psons aucthorized or clayming aucthoritie by or from the said Bysshopp of Rome his predecessors or successors or sea of Rome; or yf any person or psons after the said fyrste daye of July shall take upon him or them by color of any such bull writing instrument or aucthoritie to absolve or recon-cyle any pson or psons, or to graunte or gmisse to any pson or psons w^in

transgressions of the said Act under bulles or absolutions, &c* obtained from Rome;

putting in ure any such bulle, or giving or receiving absolution thereunder, or obtaining or using any bulle whatever from Rome, declared high treason.

624

13 Elizabeth, c. 2.

A.D. 1571.

IL

Punishment of accessories after the fact; premunire.

III.

Concealing the offer of any such bulle, misprision of treason;

vn.

Penalty on justices of peace concealing offences; premunire.

this realme or any othr the Queenes Matf domynions, any suche absolution or reconciliation by any speache preaching teaching writing or any other open deede; or yf any pson or psons wtbin this realme or any the Queenes domynions, after the said fyrste daye of Julye, shall wyllingly receave and take any suche absolution or reconciliation; or els yf any person or persons have obtayned or gotten synce the laste daye of the Pliamt holden in the fyrst yere of the Queenes Ma^ raigne, or after the said fyrst daye of July shall obtayne or get from the said Bysshop of Rome or any his successors or sea of Rome, any maner of bull writinge or instrument written or prynted, con-taynyng any thinge matter or cause whatsoever; or shall publishe or by any waies or meanes put in ure any suche bull writyng or instrument, that then all and every suche acte and actes offence and offences, shalbe demed and adjudged by the aucthoritye of this Acte to be liyghe treason, and the offendor and offendors therein theyre pcurers abettors and counsellors to the facte and comittyng of the saide offence or offences, shalbe deemed and adjudged highe traytors to the Queene and the realme; and being thereof lawfully indicted and attaynted according to the course of the lawes of this realme, shall suffer paynes of death, and alsoe lose and forfaite all theire landes tenement^ hereditamentes goodes and cattells, as in cases of high treason by the lawes of this realme ought to be lost and forfaited.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, that all and every aydors comforters or maynteyners of anye the saide offendor or offenders after the comittyng of any the said actes or offences, to thentent to set forth uphold or alowe the doing or execution of the said usurped powre jurisdiction or aucthoritie touching or concerning the premisses or any pte thereof, shall incurr the paynes & penalties contayned in the Statute of Premunire, made in the sixteenth yere of the raigne of King Richard the Second.

Provided allwayes and be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, that yf any pson or psons to whome any suche absolution reconciliation bull wry ting or instrument as is aforesaid, shall after the said fyrst daye of July be offered moved or perswaded to be used put in ure or executed, shall con-ceale the same offer motion or pswasion, and not dysclose and signyfie the same by wrytyng or otherwyse w^in syxe weekes then next folowinge to some of the Queenes Ma^ pvye counsell or els to the president or vyce president of the Queenes Ma^ counsel established in the northe ptes, or in the marches of Wales, for the tyme being, that then the same pson or psons so consealing and not dysdosing or not signyfyeng the said offer motion or pswasion, shall incurre the losse daunger penaltye and forfayture of mysprysion of highe treason: And that no pson or psons shall at any tyme hereafter be impeached molested or troubled in or for misprision of treason, for any offence or offences made treason by this Acte, other then suche as by this Acte are before declared to be in case of misprision of high treason.


Provided allsoo and be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, that yf any justice of peace to whome any matter or offence before mentioned shalbe uttered shewed or declared as is aforesaid, doo not w^in the space of foureteene daies next after it shalbe to him shewed or uttered, signifie or declare the same to some one of the Queenes Ma*f privi counsel!, that then the same justyce of peace shall incurr the daunger payne and forfaiture

625

A.D. 1571.

13 Elizabeth, c. 2.

pvided by the said statute made in the said sixteenth yere of Kyng Bichard the Second.

Pbovided also and be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, that vnL

y * ' Peers |)q

yf any noble man being a peere of this realme, shall at any tyme hereafter tried by peers, happen to be indicted for any the offence or offences aforesaid, that then every such noble man and peere of this realme shall have his triall by his peeres as in cases of hyghe treason and mysprision of treason hathe heretofore ben accustomed or used.

Savynge to all and every person and psons bodies polytike and corporate, their heyres and successes, and the heires and successors of every of them for t£tie other then the said offenders and theire. heyrf, daymyng onely as heyre or heirf to any such offenders, and such person and psons as clay me to any theyre uses all suche ryghtes tytles interestes possessions leases rentes rever-tions remaynders offyees fees & all other pfittes comodities and hereditament? as they or any of them shall have at the daie of the comitting of [any*] suche offence or offences or [at1] any tyme before, in as large and ample man1 to all intent? & purposes as yf thys Acte had never ben had nor made; any thinge herein contayned to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte to make the Landes Tenemtes Goodes and Cattalles of Tellers Receavers, &c. lyable to the payment of their Debtes.

TT^OR the better securitie of the Queenes Matie her heires and successors, All the lands, agaynst suche as shall have the receipt and charge of the monye and tr^tLreT617 treasure of her Hyghnesse her heir? & successors, bee it declared and enacted receiver, or by the Queenes Matie, w^ thassent of the lordes spyrituall and temporall and ^Crown,0^ the commons in this present Parliament assembled and by thaucthoritie of the declared liable same, that all landes tenementes pffites comodities and hereditamentes w°h debu^rom any treasorer or receaver in or belonging to any of the Queenes Ma*f courtes the

of the Exchequer Ward? and Lyveries or Duchie of Lancaster, treasorer of the chamber, coferer of the household to the Quenes Matie her heyres or successors, treasorer for the warres, treasorer of any fort towne or castell where any garison is or shalbe kept, treasorer of the admiraltie or navye, treasorer under treasorer or other pson accoumptable to the Quenes Wa*f her heires or successors for any offyee or charge of or w^in the Mint, treasorer or receaver of any sumes of mony in prest or otherwise for the use of the Quenees Ma*? her heires or successors, or for pvisions of victual, or for fortyfications buildynges or workes, or for any other pvisions to be used in any the offices of the Queenes Ma4? ordinaunce and artillerie armori wardrobe tentes and pavilions or revels, customer collector fermor of customes subsidies impostes or other duetis w^in any port of the realme, collector of the tenthes of the clargie, collector of any subsidie or fyfteene, receaver general of the revenues of any countie or counties, answerable in the receipt of the Exchequer, or in the

1 0. omits.

J Rep. as to so much as makes the lands, tenements, goods and chattels of receivers of his Majesty's Customs, liable to the payment of their debts due to the Crown, 6 Geo. 4. c. 05.]

R R

628

13 Elizabeth, a 5.

A.D. 1571-

such conveyances declared void as against the creditors.

IT.

All parties to each fraudulent conveyances, patting the same in effect, shall forfeit one year's value of land, and the whole value of goods so conveyed;

half to the Crown, and half to the party grieved.

nr.

Proviso for common recoveries by tenants in tail, &c.

lawfull actions suites debtes accomptes damages penalties forfeitures heriottf mortuaries and releefes, not onely to the let or hindraunce of the due course and execution of lawe and justyce, but also to the overthrows of all true and playne dealyng barganynge and chevysaunce betwene man and man, w^out the w°k no common welth or civile societie can be mayntayned or oontynued: Bee yt therefore declared ordeyned and enacted by tbaucthoritie of this present Parliament, that all and every feoffement gyfte graunte alienation bargayne and conveyaunce of landes tenement^ hereditam^ goodes and catalls or of any of them, or of any lease rent comon or other pfyte or charge oute of the same landes tenem^f hereditament? good? and catals or any of them, by wiyting or otherwyse, and all and every bonde suite judgem* and execution at any tyme, had or made sithens the begyninge of the Queenes Ma*? raigne that nowe is or at any tyme hereafter to be had or made, to or for any intent or purpose before declared and expressed, shalbe from henceforth deemed and taken, onely as againste that peon or psons his or theyre heyres successors executors admistrators & assignee and every of them, whose actions suites debtes accomptes damages penalties forfeiture heriottf mortuaries and releyfes, by such guylefoll covenous or fraudulent devyses and practyses as is aforesaid, are shall or mought be in any wyse dysturbed hyndred delayed or defrauded, to be clearely and utterly voyde frustrate and of none effecte; any pretence color fayned consideration expressing of use or any other matter or thyng to the contrary notw^tanding.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoriti aforesaid, that all and every the pties to such faygned covenous or fraudulent feoffement gyfte graunte alienation bargayne conveyaunce bondes suites judgementes executions and other thynges before expressed, or beinge privy and knowynge of* the same or any of them, w^ at any tyme after the tenthe daye of June next comyng shall wittingly and willingly put in ure avowe mayntaine justefie or defend the same or any of them, as true simple and done had or made bona fide and upon good consyderation, or shall alien or assigne any the landes tenementes goodes leases or other thing? before mentioned, to hym or them conveyed as is aforesaid, or anye parte thereof, shall incurre the penaltie and forfayture of one yeres value of the said landes tenementes & heredytamentes leases rentes comons or other pfytes of or oute of the same, and the whole value of the said goodes and cattails, and allso so muche monye as are or shalbe conteyned iu any suche covenous and fayned bonde; the one moitie whereof to be to the Queenes Matie, her heyres and successors, and thother moitye to the ptye or pties greeved by suche fayned and fraudulent feoffement gyfte graunte alyena-tion bargayne conveyaunce bondes suites judgementes executions leases rentes comunes pfytes charge and other thynges aforesaide; to be recovered in any of the Queenes courtes of record by action of debt byll playnt or information, wherein none essoyne ptection or wager of lawe shalbe admitted for the defendaunt or defendauntes; and also beinge thereof lawfully convycted, shall suffer imprysoment for one halfe yere w^krate baile or maynepryse.

Provyded alwayes & be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, that whereas sundry commen recoveris of landes tenement? and heredyta-mentes have heretofore ben had and hereafter maye be had agaynst tenaunt in tayle or other tenaunte of the frehold, the revertion or remainder or the right of revertion or remaynder then being in any other pson or psons,

A.D. 1571.

13 Elizabeth, c. 5,6.

629

that e9y such comen recoverye heretofore had and hereafter to be had of any l&ndes tenem*? or heredytament? shall, as tonchinge suche pson and peons w<* then had any remaynder or revertion or right of remaynder or revertion, and agaynste the heyres of e9ye of them, stande remayne and be of such lyke force & effect, and of none other, as the same should have ben yf this Acte had never ben had ne made.

Pbovyded also and be it enacted by thaucthoriti aforesaid, that this Acte provij^or or any thynge therein contayned shall not extend to any estate or interest, conveyance* in landes tenement? hereditament? leases rentes comons gfites goodes or catals, had made conveyed or assured or hereafter to be had made conveyed consideration, or assured, estate or interest is or shalbe upon good consyderation, & bona fide lawfully conveyed or assured to any pson or psons or bodyes politique or corporate, not havyng at the tyme of suche conveyaunce or assurance to them made any maner of notice or knowledge of suche covyne fraude or collusion as is aforesaid; any thing before mentioned to the contrary hereof notwithstandynge.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte that the Constathes and Exemplifications of Letters Patentee shalbe as good and avayleable as the Letters Patentee themselves.

T?OR the avoydyng of all such doubtes questions and ambiguities as heretofore have rysen and ben moved, and of such as hereafter might ryse and be moved, in and upon the Statute made in the Parliamt begun and holden at Westm the fourth daye of November in the thyrd yere of the raigne of our late so9aigne lord Eynge Edwarde the Sixt, entituled An Acte conSning grauntes and gyftes made by patentees out of lers patentes, and for a due and full supplie of all such wantes as maye be thought to be therein; bee yt enacted and declared by the aucthoritye of this present Parliament, that all and e9ye patentee and patentees, theyr heyres successors executors and assignee, and all and e9ie other pson and psons havyng, by or from them or any of them or under theyr title, any estate or interest of in or to any land? tenem*? vor heredytament? or any other thynge whatsoe9, to suche patentee or patentees heretofore graunted by any letters patentes, either of the moste famos prynces Kyng Henry Theight, Eynge Edward the Syxt, Queene Mary, Kyng Phillip and Queene Marye, or by any of them, or by the Queenes most excellent Mato that nowe is, at any tyme sythence the fourth day of February in the xxvij yere of the raigne of or said late Eynge Henry the Eight, or els by the Queenes Ma^ that nowe is, her heyres or successors, at any tyme hereafter to be graunted, shall and maye at all tymes hereafter, in any of the Queenes Hyghnesse courtes, her heyr? or successours, and elswhere by thaucthoritie of this psent Acte, make and convey and be slowed and suffered to make and convey, to and for hym them and every of themselves, such claim or title by way of declaration playnt avowrye barr replication or other pleadinge whatsoever, aswell agaynste the Queenes Hyghnesse, her heyres & successors and e9y of them, as agaynst all and every other pson and psons whatsoever, for or conSning the landes tenem^f hsreditamentes or other

For explaining St 8,4Edw.Vt c. 4. respecting grants by letters patent;

persons claiming lands, See. under letters patent from the Crown, may make title by exemplification or constat of the inrolment of the patent, if the same is then remaining in force, &c.

630

13 Elizabeth, c. 6, 9.

A.D. 1571,

thinges whatsoever specified or contayned in any suche letters patentee or of for or conceminge any pte or pcell thereof, by shewing© foorth an exemplification or constat, under the greate seale of England, of the inrolment of the same Ires patentee, or of so muche thereof as shall and may serve to or for suche title clayme or matter; the same Ires patentes then being and remay n in ge in force, not lawfully surrendred nor canceled, for or conceminge so muche and suche parte and pcell of suche landes tenem^f hereditamentes or other thynge w hereunto suche tytle or clayme shalbe made, as yf the same letters patentes self weare pleaded and shewed for the; any lawe usuage or other thinge whatsoever to the contrary notw%tandinge.

CHAPTER IX.

Commissions of sewers shall continue for ten years;

orden of commissionen shall be valid, without the royal assent, &c. under superseded commissions, until repealed by subsequent commissionen.

n.

On expiration of any commission, orders without the royal assent shall remain in force for one year, and be executed by justices of peace.

An Acte for the Commission of Sewers.

EORASMUCH as no commission of sewers by the estatutes heretofore made, may have contynuance above the space of fyve yeres; bee yt therefore enacted by the Queenes most excellent Made thassent of the lordes spyrytuall and temporall and the comons in this present Parliament assembled and by th&ucthoritie of the same, that from henceforth all and every comission and comissions of sewers now standing in force, or that hereafter shalbe graunted & made, shall stand and contynne in force for the terme of tenne yeres next ensuinge the date of every such cdmission, unles the same comission or commissions be or hereafter shalbe repealed or deter-myned, by reason of anye newe comission in that behalfe made, or by supersedias: And that all such lawes ordynaunces & constitutions as be or shalbe duely made by force of any such commission, according to the tenor and effect lymited in any former estatute heretofore made touching cdmission or comissionB of sewers, and being wrytten in parchement indented, and under the seales of the said comissioners or syxe of them, whereof the one part shall remayne wth the darke appoynted and to be appoynted for the cdmission of sewers for the tyme beinge, and thother part in such place as the same comissioners or syxe of them shall order and appoynt, shall w^out any certyfycate thereof to be made into the Court of Chauncery and w^kmt the royall assent to the same had, stand and contynue in full force and effect, notwithstanding anye determyna-cion of any suche comission by supersedias, untyll such tyme as the same lawes constitutions and ordynaunces shalbe altered repealed or made voyde by the comissioners after to be assigned and appoynted for sewers in those partes where the same lawes ordynaunces & constitutions were made ordeyned & constituted, or by syxe of them. {Sect. 1. rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, that at all tymes from and after the end and expyration of the tearme of tenne yeres next ensuing the date or teste of any commission of sewers hereafter to he made, all suche lawes ordynaunces and constitutions as were made by vertue of any suche commission, and wrytten in parchement indented and sealed as is above mentioned, w^ut certyficate therof or thassent royall to the same had as is aforesaid, shall notwithstanding the determination of any such comission by the expyration of the tearme of tenne yeres nextc ensuing the date of any suche commission of sewers, lykewyse contynue in force for and by the space of one whole yere then next ensuing; {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.} and that the justices of peace of the shyre and shyres where the same lawes ordynaunces and constitutions are to be executed w^in theyr severall commissions and lymittes, or syxe of them, whereof two to be of the quorum, shall have powre and aucthoritie by the space of one whole yere next after the expiration of every suche commission, to execute the same lawes ordynaunces and constitutions and every of them, as fully and in as ample maner and fourme as the comissioners or any of them, named and appointed in every or any comission so expired might or should have done to all intentes and 'purposes as yf the saide cdmission or comissions had oontynued in force.

A.D. 1571.

13 Elizabeth, c. 9,10.

631

Provided alwayes and be it nevertheless© enacted, that yf any newe comission of sewers shalbe made w^in the said yere, that then imediatly from and after such commission newelye made and published, that the powre of the saide justices of the peace, and every of them, in any wyse concerning the execution of any suche lawes ordynaunces and constitutions of sewers, shall utterly ceasse; any thynge or thinges in this Acte to the contrary expressed in any wyse notw^standyng.



And bee yt further enacted by the aucthorytie aforesaid, that from henceforth the said comyssioners nor any of them, shall not be compelled nor compellable to make any Styficate or returne of the saide comyssions, or any of them, or of any theyr ordynaunces lawes or doynges by the aucthoritie of any the said comyssions, nor shall not have any fyne payne or amerciament set upon them or any of them, or anye wayes to be molested in body landes or goodes for that cause.



CHAPTER X.

An Acte against Fraudes, defeating Remedies for Dilapidations, &c.

"TTTHERE dyvers and sundry ecclesiasticall peons of this realms being endowed and possessed of auncient palaces mansion houses and other edyfices and buildynges belonging to theyr ecclesiasticall benefyces or lyvinges have of late yeres not onely suffered the same for want of due reperations partly to run to greate ruine and decay and in some part utterly fall downe to the ground, converting the tymber leade and stones to theyr owne benefyte and comodytye, but also have made deedes of gyfte & coulourable alienations & other conveyaunces bf lyke effect of theyr goodes and chattelles in theyr lyves tyme, to thintent and of purpose after theyr deathes to defeate and defraude theyr successors of suche just actions & remedies as otherwyse they might and should have had for the same agaynst theyr executors or adminis-tratours of theyr goodes by the lawes ecclesiasticall of thys realme, to the great defacing of the state ecclesiasticall & intolerable charges of theyr successors and evyl president and example for others, if spedye remedie be not jjvyded: Bee yt therefore enacted by the Queenes most excellent Matie8 the lordes spyrituall and temporall and the comons in this present Parliament assembled & by thaucthoritie of the same, that yf anye archbysshop bysshop deane archedeacon provost treasorer chaunter chaunceller prebendary or any other havyng any dygnitie or offyce in any cathedrall or collegiate church w^in this realme; or yf any parson vycar or other incumbent of any ecclesiasticall lyvyng whereunto do belong any house or houses or other buildinges w0*1 by lawe or custom© he is bounde to keep© and maynteyne in reparation, do from henceforth make any deede or deedes of gyft or alienation or other lyke conveyaunces of his moveable goodes or chattelles to thintent & purpose aforesayd, that then the successour and successours of hym that shall make suche deede or deedes of gyft or alienation, shall and maye commence suite and have such remedye in any court ecclesiasticall of thys realme competent for the matter agaynst him or them to whome such deede or deedes of gyfte

m.

Power of justices shall cease on issuing of a new commission of sewers.

V.

No certificate or return of commissions or ordinances required in future.

Dilapidations and frauds by ecclesiastics;

in cases of fraudulent conveyances by bishops, parsons, &c. to defeat the successor's remedy for dilapidations, such successor may have his action against the trustee, as if he were executor, Ac.

632

13 Elizabeth, c. 10.

A.D. 1571.

n.

All leases by colleges, deans, parsons, &c. except for 21 years or three lives, at the accustomed rent, declared void!

m.

Proviso for leases under college statutes.

IV. Proviso for leases on surrender, or under covenant

or alienation shalbe so made, for the amendment & reperation of so much of the sayd dilapidations and decayes or just recompence for the same as hath happened by hys facte or default in such sort as he might Bhould or ought lawfully to have yf he or they to whom such deede or deedes of gyft or alienation shalbe so made, were executour or executours of the testament and last wyll of hym that made suche deede or deedes of gyft or alienation or were administratour or administratours of his goodes or chattels; any law custome or other thing to the contrary in any wyse notwithstanding.

And for that long and unreasonable leases made by colledges deane and chapters parsons vicars and other having spyrytuall promotions be the cheefest causes of the dilapidations and the decaye of all spyiituall lyvynges and hospitallytie and the utter impoverishing of all successors incumbentea in the same; bee yt enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, that from henceforth al leases gyftes grauntes feoffmentes conveyaunces or estates, to be made had done or suffered by any mr and fellowes of anye colledg, deane & chapter of any cathedrall or collegiate church, mr or gardian of anye hospitall, parson, vicar, or any other having anye spyrytuall or ecclesiasticall lyving, [or1] any houses landes tythes tenement? or other hereditament? being any pcell of the possessions of any such colledge cathedral church chapter hospital parsonage vycaridg or other spyrytuall gmotion, or any wayes apparteyning or belonging to the same, or of any of them, [to any of them 1 2] to any pson or psons bodyes politike or corporate (other then for the tearme of one and twenty yeres or three lyves from the tyme as any such lease or graunt shalbe made or graunted, wherupon thaccustomed yerely rent or more shalbe reserved and payable yerely during the sayd tearme) shalbe utterly voyde and of none effect to al intentes constructions and purposes; any law custome or usage to the contrary any wayes notwithstanding.

Provyded neverthelesse and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, that this Acte nor any thing therein conteyned shalbe taken or construed to make good anye lease or other graunt to be made by any such colledge or collegiate church w^in either of both the unyversities of Oxforde and Cambridge or els where w^in the realme of England, for more yeres then are lymited by the pryvate statutes of the same colledge.

Provyded alwayes, that this Acte shall not extend to any lease hereafter to be made, upon surrender of any lease heretofore made, or by reason of any covenaunt or condycion conteyned in any lease heretofore made and nowe contynuing, so that the lease to be made do not conteyne more yeres then the residue of the yeares of the former lease nowe contynuing shalbe at the tyme of such lease hereafter to be made, nor any lesse rent then yB reserved in the said former lease.

1 erroneously, as it seems, for 'of.* The original of this Act is missing: See StaL 14 JEliz. c. 14. $ 3.

2 An erroneous insertion; O. omits.

A.D. 1571.

13 Elizabeth, c. 12.

633

CHAPTER XII.

An Act to refburme certayne Dysorders touching Ministers of the Churche.

rpHAT the chorches of the Qneenes domynyons maye be served w*h All priest*, pastors of sonnde religyon, be it enacted by thaucthoritie of thys present Parlyament, that every pson under the degree of a bjBshop w11 doth or shall pretend otherwise

to be a priest or minister of Godes holy word and sacraments, by reason of any other fourme of institution consecration or orderyng then the fourme set forth by Parlyament in the tyme of the late King$ of most worthy© memorie Kynge Edw&rde the Syxt, or £dw. VI. or nowe used in the raigne of our most gracious soveraygne ladye, before the feast of the BU*. shall Natyvitie of Christ next folowing shal in the presence of the bysshop or gardian of the wbscribe, Ac, spyritualties of some one diocesse where he hath or shal have ecclesiastical lyving, W

declaim his assent and subscribe to all the artycles of religion w11 onely concerne the gmed on in confession of the true Christian faithe and the doctrine of the sacramentf, comprised in Convocation in abooke imprinted entitoled, Articles whereupon it was agreed by the archbisshops and 156S, on pain bishops of both provinces, and the whole cleargie in the Convocation holden at London deprivation, in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande five hundred sixtie and two, according to the computation of the Church of Englande, for the avoydyng of the diversities of opinious and for the establishing of consent touching true religion; put foorth by the Queenes auctboritie; and shall bryug from such bysshop or gardyan of [spyritualities in wryting under his seale au ten tike, a testimoniall of such assent and subscription, and openly on some Sunday in the tyme of the publique servyce afore noone in every churche where by reason of any ecclesiasticali ly vyng he ought to attende, reade botn the said testimonial and the Baid artycles; upon payne that evenr suche pson w0* shall not before the said feast do as is above appoynted, shalbe (ipso facto) depryved, and al his ecclesiasticali ^motions shalbe voyde as yf he then were naturally dead. {Sect 1. rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.}

And that yf any person ecclesiastical or w^ shall have ecclesiastical lyving shall advysedly maynteyne or affyrme any doctrine directly contrarie or repugnaunt to any of the said articles, and being con vented before the bysshop of the diocesse or the ordynarie, or before the Queenes Highnes comissioners in causes ecclesiastical], shall persist therein or not revoke his errour, or after such revocation eftsoones affyrme such untrue doctryne, such maynteyning or affyrming and psisting or such eftsones affyrmyng, shalbe just cause to depryve such pson of his ecclesiasticali gmotions; and it shalbe lefull to the bisshop of the diocesse or thordynarie, or the said comissioners, to deprive suche pson so psisting or lawfully convicted of such eftsoones affyrming, and upon such sentence of deprivation gnounced, he shalbe in deede depryved.

II.

Ecclesiastics maintaining doctrine* contrary to the Mid article* shall bo deprived.

And that no person shall hereafter be admytted to any benefice w*h cure. III. except he then be of thage of three and twenty yeres at the least, and a deacon, and shall fyrst have subscribed the sayde articles in presence of the ordynarie, and benefices shall pnbliqnely reade the same in the parish churche of that benefVce, w* declaration of be 23 years old his unf&igned assent to the same; and that every pson after thend of this session of 5

Parlyament to be admitted to a benifyce w* cure, except that w*in two monethes after ^ his induction he do publiquely reade the said articles in the same church whereof he articles; and ahall have cure, in the tyme of cdmon prayer there, w* declaration of his unfeigned read them in assent thereunto, and be admitted to mynister the sacraments, within one yere after the church, Ac. his induction, if he be not so admitted before, shalbe upon every such default, ipso facto, ymedyately depryved; {Rep., 28 & 29 Vict. c. 122. s. 15.J...... aepe

And that none shalbe made mynister or admitted to preache or mynister

the sacraments, being under thage of foure and twenty yeres, nor unleg he made minister, fyrst bring to the bisshop of that diocesse, from men knowne to the bishop to uatB u

1 spyrytualtyes O.

634

13 Elizabeth, a 12, 20.

A.D. 1571*

years old, nor be of sound religion, a tesfcimonia]l both of his honest lyfe and of his professing monial*the doctryne expressed in the said artycles; nor unless© he be able to aunswere and render to the ordynary an accompt of his faith in Latyne, according to the said articles, or have special gyfte & habiiitie to be a precher; nor shalbe admitted to thorder of deacon or ministerie, unles he shall fyrst subscribe to the saide artycles. {Rep., 28 & 29 Vict. c. 122. s. 15.J Y. And that none hereafter shalbe admitted to any benyfyce Vth cure of or

Snefice^f^ao a^ove the value of thyrtey poundes yerely in the Quenes bookes, unles he a year, except shall then be a bachelour of dyvynitie, or a preacher lawfully alowed by some B. D. &c. bysshop wthin this realme or by one of the unyversities of Cambridg or Oxford.

VI. And that all admissions to benefice institutions and inductions to be made

toSe^trary, ^Y Person contrary to the fourme or any gvysion of this Act, & al tollera-

deciared void, tions dyspensations qualifications and lycences whatsoever to be made to the contrary hereof shalbe mearely voyde in la we as yf they never were.

YH. Pbovyded alway, that no title to conferr or psent by lapse, shall accrue

lapBe^idKjnt uPon ^Y depryvation, ipso facto, but after syxe moneths after notyce of such

notice to the deprivation geven by thordynarye to the patrone. patron.

Leases of benefices with cure, not impropriated, shall be valid only during the residence of the incumbent.

No pensions shall be charged on such benefices.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte touching Leasses of Benefices and other Ecclesiastical] Lyvynges

with Cure. JaJ

fTHHAT the lyvynges appoynted for ecclesiasticall mynisters may not by corrupt and indyrect dealinges be transferred to other uses; bee yt enacted by thaucthoritie of this present Parlyament, that no lease after the fyfteenth day of Maye next folowing the begynning of this Parlyament, to be made of any benifice or ecclesiastical gmotion w^ cure, or any part thereof & not beyng impropryed, shall endure any longer then whyle the leassor shalbe ordynaryly resident and serving the cure of such benefice, wt^out absence above fourescoore dayes in any one yere; but that every such lease, so sone as it or any part thereof shall come to any possession or use above forbidden, or ymedyately .upon such absence shall ceasse and be voyd, and the incumbent so offending shall for the same lose one yeres gfitte of his said benefice, to be distributed by the ordinarie among the poor© of the parrishe; and that al charginges of such benefices w^1 cure hereafter wth any pention or w411 any gfite out of the same to be yeelded or taken, hereafter to be made, other then rentes to be reserved upon leases hereafter to be made according to the meaning of this Act, shalbe utterly voyde.

{ a Rep. as to so much as relates to leases of benefices and livings, 57 Geo. 3. c. 99. s. l.J

A.D. 1571.

13 Elizabeth, c. 29.

635

CHAPTER XXIX An Acte for Thincorporalon of bothe Thunyversities. pj

L^OR the greate love and favor that the Queenes most excellent Matie beareth towardes her Highnes universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and for the greate ze aleand care that the lordf and comons of this present Pliament have for the mayntenaunoe of good and godly literature and the vertuouse education of youth within either of the same universities; and to thentent that the auncient privelegf liberties and fraunchises of either of the said universities [here before1] graunted ratified and confirmed by the Queenes Highnes and her most noble progenitors may be had in greater estymation and be of greater force and strengthe, for the better increase of laming and the further suppressing of vice: Be it therefore enacted by the aucthoritye of this pnt Plyament, that the right honorable Robert Erie of Leicester nowe chauncellor of the said Universitie of Oxford and his successors for ever, and the masters andschollers of the same Universitie of Oxford for the tyme being, shalbe incorporated and have a ppetuall succession in facte dede and name, by the name of the Chauncellor Masters and Schollers of the Universitie of Oxford, and that the same chauncellor maisters and schollers of the same Universitie of Oxford for the tyme being, from henceforth by the name of Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of the Universitie of Oxford, and by none other name or names, shalbe called and named for evermore: And that they shall have a comon seale to serve for their necessarie causes touching and concerning the said chauncellor maysters and schollers of the said Universitie of Oxford and their successors: And likewyse that the right honorable S' William Cicill Knight Baron of Burghley nowe chauncellor of the said Universitie of Cambridg and his successors for ever, and the masters and schollers of the same Universite of Cambridg for the tyme being, shalbe incorporated and have a ppetual succession in fact deede and name, by the name of the Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of the Universitie of Cambridge, and that the same chauncellor masters and schollers of the said Universitie of Cambridg for the tyme being, from henceforth by the name of Chauncellor Maisters & Schollers of the Universitie of Cambridg, and by none other name or names, shalbe called & named for evermore: And that they shall have a comon seale to serve for their necessarye causes touching and concerning the said chauncellor maisters and schollers of the said Universitie of Cambridg and their successors: And further that aswell the chauncellor maiesters and schollers of the said Universitie of Oxford and their successors, by the name of Chauncellor Masters and Schollers of the Universitie of Oxford, as the chauncelor maisters and schollers of the sayd Universitie of Cambridge and theire successors, by the name of Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of the Universitie of Cambridg, may severally impleade and be ympleaded and sue or be sued, for all manner

p So much of this Act, and of all charters, letters patent, orders in council, obligations, deeds, or instruments, as imposes upon the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of the city of Oxford, or any of them, or any municipal officer of such city, the obligation of taking any oath for the conservation of the liberties and privileges of the University of Oxford, or any such oath as is in the repealing Act referred to, rep., 22 A 23 Vict. c. 19. s. l.J

For confirming the priviledges of the two universities;

the chancellor, masters, and scholars of the University of Oxford incorporated;

common seal:

The chancellor, masters, and scholars of the University of Cambridge incorporated;

common seal:

Said corporations may sue and be sued.

1 heretofore O.

636

13 Elizabeth, c. 29.

A.D. 1571.

n.

Letters patent 1 Ap. 14 H. VIII. to University of Oxford, and 26 Ap. 3 Elix. to University of Cambridge, and all other letters patents to either of the said universities, confirmed.

IIL

All possessions and privileges of the said universities confirmed to them, being so incorporated.

of causes quarels actions replies psonall and mixt of whatsoever kynde qualitie or nature they be, and shall and maye challeng and demaunde all manner of liberties & fraunchises, and also aunswere and defend themselves, under and by the name aforesaid in the same causes quarels and accons, for evexy thinge and things whatsoever, for the proffit and right of either of the fores&id universities to be don, before any manner of judge either spuall or temporaU in any courtes and plac? w^in the Queenes Highnes domynions whatsoever they ba

And be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, that the letters patent? of the Queenes Highnes most noble father Kinge Henry Theight made and graunted to the chauncellor and schollers of the Universitie of Oxford, bearing date the first daye of Aprill in the foureteine yere of his raigne, and the Ires patentes of the Queenes Matie that nowe is, made and graunted unto the chauncellor maisters and schollers of the Universitie of Cambridge, bearing date the sixe and twentio daye of Aprill in the third yeare of her Highnes most gratious raigne, and also all other Ires patent? by any of the progenitors or predicessors of our said soveraigne ladye, made to either of the said corporated bodies severally or to anye of their predecessors of either of the said universities, by whatsoever name or names the said chauncellor masters and schollers of either of the saide universities in anye of the said Ires patentes have ben heretofore named, shall fromhenceforth be good effectuall and avaylable in the lawe, to all intentes constructions and prposes, to the foresaid nowe chauncellor maisters & schollers of either of the said universities and to their successors for evermore, after and according to ye fourme wordes sentencf and true meaning of every of the same Ires patentf, as amply fullye and largely as yf the same Ires patentes were recited verbatim in this present Acte of Plyament; any thing to the contrary in any wyse notw^standinge.

And further more be yt enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, that the chauncellor masters and schollers of either of the said universities severally, and their successors forever, by the same name of Chauncellor Maisters and Schollors of either of the said universities of Oxforde and Cambridge, shall and may severally have hold [possesse*] enjoye and use, to them and to their successors for ever more, all mannor or mannors lorshippes rectories psonagf land? tenement? rentes services annuyties advousons of churches possessions pencons porcons and hereditamentes, and all maimer of liberties fraunchises immunytes quietancf and pryvilegf, view of frankpledge lawedaies and other thingf whatsoever they be, the w0*1 either of the said corporated bodies of either of the said universities had held occupied or enjoyed, or of right ought to have had used occupied and enjoyed, at any tyme or tymes before the making of this Acte of Parlyament; according to the true intent and mean-inge aswell of the said Ires patentes made by the said noble prynce King Henrye Theight, made and graunted to the chauncellor and schollers of the Unyversitie of Oxford bearing date as is aforesaid, as of the Ires patentf of the Queenes Matie made and graunted unto the chauncellor masters and schollers of the Universitie of Cambridge bearing date as aforesaid, and as accordinge to the true intent and meaninge of all [other the *] foresaid ires patentes whatsoever; any statute or other thinge or thing? whatsoever

1 possede 0.

2 the other 0.

637

A.D. 1571. 13 Elizabeth, c. 29.

heretofore made or don to the contrary in anye manner of wyse notwith-standinge.

And be it further enacted by thaucthority aforesaid, that all manner of instrument? indenture obligacons writing? obligatory and recognisaunses, made or knowledged by any pson or psons or body corporate to either of the said corporated bodies of either of the said universities, by what name or names sove* the said chauncellor maisters and schollers of either of the said universities have ben heretofore called, in any of the said instrumentes indentur? obligacons writing? obligatori or recognizaunc?, shalbe from henceforth avayl-able stand and contynue of good pfect and full force and strength, to the nowe chauncellor maisters.and schollers of either of the said universities and to their successors, to all intent? constructions and purposes; althoughe they or their predecessors or any of them, in any of the said instrument? indentur? obligacons writing? obligatory or recognyzaunzes, be named by any name contrary or dyverse to the name of the nowe chauncellor maisters and schollers of either of the said universities.

And bee it also enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, that aswell the said Ires patentee of the Queenes Highnes said father Kinge Henry Theight bearing date as is before expssed, made and graunted to the said corporate bodye of the said Universitie of Oxon, as the letters patentes of the Queenes Mato aforesaid, graunted to the chauncellor maisters and schollers of the Univer-sitie of Cambridg bearing date as aforesaid, and all other Ires patent? by any of the progenitors or predecessors of her Highnes, and all manner of liberties fr&unchises immunyties quietanc? and privilidg? letes lawedayes and other thing? whatsoever therein expressed, geven or graunted to the said chauncellor maisters and schollers of either of the said universities or to anye of their predecessors of either of the said universities, by whatsoever name the said chauncellor maisters and schollers of either of the said universities in any of the said letters patentes be named, in and by vertue of this present Acte shalbe from henceforth ratyfied stablished and confirmed unto the said chaun-cello* maisters and schollers of either of the said universities and to their successors for ever; any- statute lawe usage custom construct or other thing to the contrary in any wyse notw^tanding.

Savtnge to all and every person and psons and bodies politike and incorporate their heyres and successors, and the heir? and successors of every of them, other then to the Quenes Mato her heires & successors, all such rightes titles interest? entrees leases conditions charg? and demaundes, wch they and every of them have might or should have had, of in or to any the mannors lordshippes rectories psonag? landes tenementes rent? servic? anuyties advou-sons of churches penoons porcons hereditamentes, and all other thing? in the said Ires patentes or in any of them mentioned or comprysed, by reason of any right title charge interest or condicion, to them or any of them or to the auncestors or predecessors of them o' any of them devolute or growne, before the several dates of the same ires patent?, or by reason of any gyfte graunte demy so or other acte or actes at any tyme made or don betwene the said ch*uncelor maisters and schollers of either of the said universities of Cambridge and Oxford or any of them & .others, by what name or names soever the same were made or don, in like manner and fourme as they and every of

IV.

All deeds, obligations, &c. made to the said universities, by any former description, declared valid.

V.

Patents and liberties granted the universities, by any former description, declared valid, and ratified.

VL Proviso for titles of strangers, lessees, &c.

A.D. 1571.

YU Proviso for liberties of mayor, bailiffs, and burgesses of Cambridge and Oxford.

V.

13 Elia. c. 10.

§ 2. as to leases by colleges, &c. shall not extend to houses in cities or towns corporate.

638 13 Elizabeth, c. 29.

them had or might have had the same before the making of this Acte; any

thinge, &c.

Provyded alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, that this Acte or anye thinge therin contayned shall not extend to the prejudice or hurt of the liberties & privilege of right belonging to the maior bayliffes & burgeBes of the towne of Cambridge and cittie of Oxford; but that they y* said maio's bayliffes and burgeses and every of them and their successors shalbe and contyriew fre in such sort and degree, and enjoye such liberties fredomes and ymmunyties, as they or any of them lawfully may or might have don before the making of this present Acte; any thing contayned in this present Acte to the contrary notwithstandinge.

14 ELIZABETH. A.D. 1572.

STATUTES MADE in THE PARLIAMENT,

BEGUN AND HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE EIGHTH DAY OF MAY, AND THERE CONTINUED UNTIL THE TWENTY-NINTH DAY OF JUNE,

In the FOURTEENTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

ftotulo ^arltammti be amts regirt tflfeabet&e ftegrne, Brnmo quarto.

CHAPTER XL

An Acte for the continuation explanation perfiting and enlardging of divers

Estatutes.


(1) And where in one other Acte made in the said thirteenth yeere, pj entituled An Acte against fraudulent gyftes to the intent todefeate dilapidations of ecclesiasticall livinges, and for leasses to bee graunted by collegiate churches, there ys one braunch to avoid certeyne leasses to bee made by maisters and fellowes of colledges, deanes and chapiters of cathedrall or collegiate churches, maisters or gardians of any hospitall, or by any parson vicar or any other having any spirituall or ecclesiasticall living; bee yt enacted, that the said braunche nor any thing therein conteyned, shall not extend to any graunfc assuraunce or leasse of any houses belonging to any the psons or bodyes politique or corporate aforesaid, nor to any groundes to such houses apper-teyning, which houses be scituate in any cytye boroughe towne corporate or market towne, or the suburbes of any of them; but that all such houses and groundes may bee granted dimised and assured, as by the lawes of this

1 {Clauses 5-7. with preceding sentences and clauses omitted here} are annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

I. That is, the 13th year of the Queen's reign.}

A.D. 1672. 14 Elizabeth, c. 11,14. 639

re&lme and the severall statutes of the said colledges cathedrall churches and hospitalles they lawfully might have been before the making of the said statute, or lawfully might bee yf the said statute were not; so alway that such house be not the capitall or dwelling house used for the habitacon of the psons abovesaid, nor have ground to the same belonging above the quantitie of tenne acres; any thing in the said Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee yt further enacted, that all summes of money hereafter to bee recovered for or in the name of dilapidations, by sentence composition or otherwyse, shall within two yeres after suche receipt be truely imployed upon the buyldinges and reparations in respect whereof suche money for dilapidations shalbee payed; on payne that every person so receving and not ymploying as aforesaid, shall forfayte double as muche as so shalbee by him receaved & not imployed; the whiche forfayture shalbe to the use of the Queenes Ma* her heires and successours.

Provided alwaye and be yt enacted, that no leasse shalbe permitted to bee made by force of this Acte in reversion, nor without reserving the accustomed yeerely rent at the leaste, nor without chardging the lessee with the reparations, nor for longer tearme then fourtie yeeres at the most; nor any houses shalbee permitted to bee aliened, unlesse that in recompence thereof there shalbe afore, with, or psently after such alienacon, good lawfull and sufficient assurance made in fee simple absolutely to such colledges houses bodyes politique or corporate, and their successours, of landes of as good value, and of as greate yerely value at the leaste as so shalbee aliened; any statute to the contrary notw^standing.



CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for the Assuraunce of Gyftes Grauntes, &c. made and to bee made for the Relyef of the Poore in Hospitalles, &c.

Wl HERE our late soveraigne lord of famouse memorye King Edwarde the * " Syxte, by his Ires patentes dated the xxvj^1 daye of June in the seventh yere of his moste gratious raigne, did found erecte and establyshe three hospitalles in and near to the cytye of London, called the hospitalles of King Edwarde the Syxte, of Christe, Bridewell, and Sainte Thomas the Apostle, and by his said Ires patentes gave and graunted power and lybertye for purchasing of landes tenementes and heredytamentes for the releife and sustentac&n of the poore in the said hospitalles, as by the said ires patentes more playnelye appearethe: And whereas also our late soveraigne lord King Henrye the Eyght, by his Ires patentes dated the thirteenth of Januarye in the eyght and thirteth yere of his raigne, did found an hospitall in West Smythfeld called Lytle Sainte Bartholomeus nere London: And where divers well disposed and charytable parsons have given landes tenementes and heredytamentes to the relyef and sustentacon of the poore, not onlye in the said hospitalles but also in other hospitalles, and as yt ys hoped many moe hereafter wyll lykewyse * chary tably gyve; and where many of suche gyftes and assuraunces have been

VL Money recovered for dilapidations shall be duly employed; penalty, double value.

vn.

Leases shall not be in reversion, &c. nor for more than 40 years; nor exchanges without equivalents.

Christ's Hospital, &c. in London founded by K. Edward Vi. by letters patent, 26 June 7 Edw. VI. with power of purchasing lands, &c.

St. Bartholomew's Hospital founded by letters patent,

IS Jan.__

38 H. VHT.

640

14 Elizabeth, c. 14.

A.D. 1572.

All gifts and devises to any hospital now existing, declared valid, notwithstanding any misnomer of the corporation.

n.

General saving ibr titles of strangers.

HI.

IS Elis. c. 10. ' & 2. extended to

the masters, &c. of all * hospitals for relief of the

poor.

and are lykely to bee made by the laste wylles of the givers thereof, at which© tyme for want of councell or other opportunityes, yt maye happen that the right name of the said corporacon hathe not or shall not bee truelye named or expressed, whereby maye growe some question of the valydytye of suche grauntes giftes or devises: Bee yt therefore inacted by the Queenes most excellent Matie the lordes spuall and temporall and the commons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the aucthoritye of the same, that all gyfbes grauntes legacyes devyses and assuraunces, made or to bee made of any landes tenementes and heredytamentes by wylle feoffa-mentes or otherwyse, to the use or for the relyef of the poore in any hospitalle nowe remayning & being in esse, and imployed to the relief or maynetenaunce of the poore in the said hospitalles or any of them, shalbee as good and avayleable in lawe, according to the true meaning of any suche donor grauntor testator devysor or assurer, as yf the said corporacon hadd been or were in the wrytinges or deedes of suche gyftes graunte devise or assuraunce, or in suche laste wylle or testament, rightlye or truely named; any suche mysnamynge mysrecyting or not true namynge or recytinge of the said corporacon to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Saving to all and every person and persons bodyes polytique and corporate, their heires and successors, other then suche donor grauntor testator devysor and assurer, their heirs and successours, all suche right tytle and intereste as they or any of them have or shall have in or to any landes tentes or hereditaments so given graunted devysed or assured, as yf this Acte had never been had nor made.

(*) And where in the laste Parlyament holden at Westminster, it was provided and enacted amonges other thinges, that from thensforthe all leasses gyftes grauntes feoffamentes conveyaunces or estates to bee had made or suffered by any maister and fellowes of anny colledge, deane and chapter of anny cathedrall churche, maister or gardyan of any hospitall, parson vicar or any other having any spirituall lyving, [of2] any house landes tentes or heredytamentes percell of the possession of any suche colledge cathedrall churche hospitall peonage vicaredge or other spuall promotion, or perteyning to the same or any of them, to any parson or parsons bodyes polytyque or coporate, other then for tearme of one & twentye yeres or three lyves, in manner and fourme as ys mentioned in the said Acte, should bee utterly void and of none effecte: Bee yt enacted and declared by thaucthorytye of this psent Parlyament that thes woordes (maister or gardyan) of any hospytall mentioned in the said former Acte, were intended and ment of all hospitalles maysondewes beadehowses and other howses ordeyned for the sustentacon or relyef of the poore; and so shalbee expounded declared and taken for ever.

1 This clause is annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule. 8 or Stat. 13 Eliz, c. 10; but, as it seems, erroneously.

r

A.D. 1575-6.

641

18 ELIZABETH. A.D. 1576-6.

STATUTES hade in the PARLIAMENT, Holden bt Prorogation at Westminster, on the Eighth Day of February,

AND THERE CONTINUED UNTIL THE FIFTEENTH DAY OF MARCH,

In the EIGHTEENTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

tfr ftotttlo $arttamentttje anno regnt tfltjabetfie &egine

Bminooctabo. li

CHAPTER V.

An Acte to redress© Disorders in C5mon Infourmers upon Penall Lawes. p>]

T710R redressing© of divers disorders in comon informers, and for better execution of penall lawes, be yt enacted, that everye informer upon any penall statute shall exhibit© his suite in proper person, and prsue the same only by himself, or by his attorney in court©; and that none shalbe admitted or receyved to prsue against any pson or personns uppon any penall statute but by waye of informacon or originall action and not otherwise, nor shall have ne use any deputie or deputies at all; and that uppon every suche informacon w^ shalbe exhibited, a spiall note be made of the verye daye moneth and yere of the exhibiting© thereof into any office or to any officer whiche lawfully may receave the same, w^owte any manner of antedate thereof to be made; and that the same informacon be accompted and taken to be of recorde from that tyme forwarde and not before.

And be yt likewise enacted for the consideration aforesaide, that no process© be sued owte uppon anye suche informacon untill the informacon be exhibited in fourme aforesaid; and that uppon every suche processe shalbe indorsed aswell the parties name that prsueth the same processe, as also thestatute uppon w°b the informacon in that behalf made is grounded; and that every clerke making© owte processe contrary to the teno* and provision of this Acte shall forfayte and lose xl s. for every suche offence; the one halfe to be to the Quenes Maher heires and successo", and the other half to the partye againste whome any suche defective processe shalbe awarded, to be recovered in any cowrte of recorde by accSn of debt© or informacon, in w°h no essoygne proteccon injunction or wager of lawe shalbe pmytted or allowed.

And be yt further enacted, that no jurye shalbe compelled to appeare in any of the Queenes Maties cowrtes at Westminster for the tryall of any yssue,

I. It appears by an extract from the Parliament Boll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 4. p. 606.), that chapters 22-24. in the Statutes of the Realm are not on the roll, that chapters 22, 24. are printed from the original Acts in the Parliament Office, and that chapter 23., of which the original has not been found, is re-printed from the edition of the statutes 1618, usually celled RastaH's, printed by the King's printers. It also appears that in the Statutes of the Realm the numbers of the several chapters that are on the roll disagree with those on the roll except as to chapters 1-5.}

Ib Rep. as to so much as relates to exhibiting an information and pursuing the same in person, and not by any attorney or deputy, 11 & 12 Vict. c.43. s. 36.J

s s

Informers on penal statutes shall sue by information, &c. in person, &c. and true time of exhibiting each information shall be noted thereon.

IL

The prosecutor's name and the Act sued on, shall be indorsed on process sued on any information;

penalty, 40 s.

m.

Juries not compellable to

642

18 Elizabeth, c. 5.

A.D. 1575-6.

committed 30 miles from thence, unless on trials at bar.

IV.

Informer shall not compound -with defendant until after answer, nor without leave of the court:

On discontinuance, neglect, or verdict against informer, he shall pay costs to defendant.

appear at West- in any suche sute uppon any penall lawe, for anye [suche1] offence comytted S^ffen^s08868 a^ove xxxti miles from the cyttie of Westm, except© in case where the attorney generall for the tyme beinge for some reasonable cawse in that behalf to be shewed, shall require the same to be tried at the barre in any of the courtes of the Quenes Ma^ her heires or successor at Westm aforesaide;

requeste shalbe noted oh the backside of the writt of distringas there-uppon awarded, to thend the shrieff or his bayliffe may and shall aignifie the same to the juiye that are in suche case impanelled.

And be yt further enacted, that no suche informer or playntyffe shall or may compounde or agree wth any person or persons that shall offende or shalbe surmysed to offende against any penall statute, for suche offence commytted or pretended to be committed, but after answere made in cowrte unto the information or suite in that behalf exhibited or prosecuted, nor after answere but by the order or consente of the courte in w^ the same informacon or sute shalbe dependinge, uppon the paynes and penalties hereafter in this present Acte sett downe and declared; and that yf any suche informer or playntief as aforesaid shall willinglie delay© his sute, or shall discontynue or be non sute in the same, or shall have the tryall or matter paste ag&mste him therein by verdicte or judgment of lawe, that then in every suche case the same informer or playntief shall yelde satisfie and pay© unto the partie defendaunte his costes charges'and damages, to be assigned by the courte in w* the same sute shalbe attempted; for the recovery and execucon whereof every suche defendaunte shall, imediatly uppon the same costes charges and damages assigned, have his capias ad satisfaciend, fief fecit, or elegit, to be awarded unto him owte of the same cowrte in w°h the same shalbe so assigned as ys aforesaide, as in other cawses of execucon.

And be yt also enacted, that yf any person or psons, (except© the derkes of the cowrte only for making© owte of process© otherwise then ys above appointed,) shall offende in suinge owte of prooesse making© of composition or other misdemeano*, contrary to the trewe intente and meaning© of this statute, or shall by collo* or pretence of process©, or w^kjwte process© uppon collo* or pretence of any matter of offence againste any penall lawe, make any composicon or take any money reward© or promyse of reward© for himself or to the use of any other, w^kjwte order or consente of some of her Ma* cowrtes at Westm, that then he or they so offending©, beinge thereof law-fullie convicted, shall stande [one2] the pilloiye in some markett towne next adjoyninge where the same offence shalbe comytted, in the open markett tyme, and there remayne by the space of twoo howres, and shall from and after suche conviction, for ever be disabled to pursue or be playntyf or informer in anye sute or information uppon any statute populer or penall; and shall also for every suche offence forfeyte and lose tenne poundes of lawfull Englishe money, the one half thereof to the Quenes Matie her heyres and successor and the other half to the partie greeved thereby,' to be recovered in any cowrte of record© by accon of debt© or informacon, in w^ no essoigne protection injunction or wager of lawe shalbe permitted or allowed; Justices of and that justices of oyer and terminer, justices of assise in their circuytes,

SewioMmay an(* j118^068 of peace in their quarter sessions, shall have full power and

V.

Punishment of informers compounding offences under penal Acts; pillory, incapacity to sue, and £10 penalty.

A.D. 1575-6.

18 Elizabeth, c. 5, 11.

643

aucthoritie to heare and determyne all offences to be comytted or donne detomne contrarye to the trewe intente and meaninge of this present Acte.

Provided alwayes and nevertheles be yt enacted, that yt shall and may VL be lawfull to and for any pson or psons greeved by meanes of any manner of maynten*nce champtie buyeng of tytles or imbracerye, to pursue uppon any statutes against thestatutes provided and sett forth against maynten*nce champtie buyenge champert7, &c* of tytles or imbracerye, as he or they might have donne before the maJringe of this Acte; any thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notw%tandinge.

Provtded also, that this Acte shall not extende to any sute already© vn. dependinge, nor shall restraine any certaine pson bodye pollitique or cor- ^tioL, porate to whome or to whose use any forfeyture penaJtie or sute ys or shalbe &c. entitled to speciallie lymytted or graunted by vertue of any statute, and not generally forfeit,re8>&c-to any pson that will sue, but that everye suche certaynepson bodye pollitique or corporate w^ might sue or infourme as yf this Acte were not made, may in suche case sue infourme and p'sue as he or they might have donne yf this Acte were never had nor made.

And provided also, that neyther this Acte nor any thinge therein con- yliL teyned, shall in any wise extend to any suche officer of records as have in office using respecte of their offices heretofore lawfully used to exhibite informaffins, or sue uppon penall lawes, nor to any officers infourminge or prsuinge for matters onely conceminge his or their offices, but that theye and every of them may infourme and prsue in that behalf, as they might have donne before the makinge of this Acte; any thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notw^tandinga

CHAPTER XL

An Acte for Thexplanacon of the Statute entytuled againste the defeating of Dilapidacons, and againste Leases to bee made of Spuall Promocons in some Respect?.

WHEREAS by a statute made in a Parliament holden at Westminster the Recital of Stat.

seconde daye of Aprill in the thirtenth yere of the raigne of o' moste A2?OTw»tnSi-gracious soveraigne ladie, entytled An Acte against fraudulent gift? to the w* leases by intent to defeate dilapidacons of eccasticall. lyvingf, and for leases to be coUeKes>&c-graunted by collegiate churches, yt was amongeste other thing? enacted by thaucthoritye of Parliament, that from thenceforth all leases gyffc? grauntes feoffement? conveyaunc? or estates, to be,made had donne or suffred by any mr and fellowes of anye colledge, or by anye deane and chapter of anye cathedrall or collegiate churche, mayster or guardian of anye hospitall, parson vicar or anye other having© anye spuall or eccasticall lyvinge, [or1] anye howses landes tythes tent? or other hereditament? beinge any pcell of the possessions of any suche colledge cathedrall churche chapter hospitall parsonage

1 The word is * or' in the inrollment of the Act 18 Eliz. .* but see St 14 Eliz. c. 14. § 3. where it is recited as 1 of.'

SS 2

644

18 Elizabeth, c. 11,12.

A.D. 1575-6.

Evasion

thereof;

all leases made by colleges, &c. of lands, &c. being in lease for more than 8 years then unexpired, &c. declared void.

n.

All bonds to the contrary declared void.

m.

Proviso for existing leases.

vicarage or other spuall promocon, or any wayes apperteyninge or belonginge to the same, or of anye of them, to any pson or psons bodies pollitique or corporate, other then for the terms of xxj yeres or three lyves from the tyme of anye suche lease or graunte shalbe made or grannted whereuppou thaccustomed yerelye rente or more shalbe reserved and payable yerelye duringe the saide tearme, shalbe utterly voyde and of none effecte to all intent? construcoons and purposes; anye lawe customs or usage to the contrary no tw^standinge; as in the saide Acte more playnely appeareth: Sithens the makinge of w°h saide estatute, dyvers of the saide eccasticall and spuall psones and others havinge spuall or eccasticall ly ving?, have from tyme to tyme made leases for the terms of xxj yeres or three lyves longe before the expiracon of the former yeres, contrary to the trewe meaninge and intente of the said estatute: Be yt therefore enacted by this present Parlyament, that all leases hereafter to be made by any of the said eccasticall spuall or collegiate persons or others of any their said eccasticall spuall or collegiate landes teat? or hereditament? whereof any former lease for yeres is in beinge, not to be expired surrendred or ended w^in three yeres nexte after the makinge of any suche newe lease, shalbe voyde frustrate and of none effecte; any lawe usage or custome to the contrarye notw^standinge.

And be yt likewise enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and everie band and covenante whatsoever hereafter to be made for renewinge or makinge of any lease or leases contrary to the trewe intente of this Acte or of the saide Acte made in the said xiij yere, shalbe utterlye voyde; anye lawe statute ordinaunce or other thinge whatsoever to the contrarye in any wise notw^tandinge.

Pbovided alwayes, that this Acte nor any thinge therein conteyned, shall extende or be prejudicall to make frustrate or voyde any lease or leases heretofore made by anye of the said spirituall [and1] ecclesiaaticall pson or psonns or any of them; but that the same and everie of them are of the like force and effecte as they or anye of them were before the makinge of this present statute; this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned to the contrarye not-w%tandinge.

« *

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for the Tryall of Nisi Prius in the Countye of Midd.

Issues in the courts at Westminster heretofore tried at bar;

WHEREAS heretofore all yssues joyned in any of the court? of recorde at Westminster, tiyable in the countye of Mydd, have been usuailie tried at the barres in the saide courtes in Westmynster: And. whereas a greate number of actions have of late yeres been broughte in the saide countie of Midd for speedynes of triall, and that for small causes; by reason whereof the judges of the same courtes have not onlye been letted and hindered in their proceeding? in matters of greate waighte depending© before them by demurrer or otherwise, to the greate delaye of justice, and occasion of greate expenses and chardges of a number of the Quenes Matios moste lovinge subject?, but

1 or O.

A.D. 1575-6.

18 Elizabeth, c. 12.

645

also to the greate trouble and chardge of the freholders of the saide countie,

who are compelled to geve daylie attendaunce at the severall barres of the

same severall courtes for the triall of the saide yBSues: Foe reformation whereof,

be yt enacted by the Quenes moste excellent Ma^ our soveraigne ladye w

thassent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the commons in this present

Parlyaraent assembled, and by thauctoritie of the same, that from hencefoorth all issues joined

the chief justice of England for the tyme beinge, upon issues joyned or to be

joyned in the courte called the Ringf Benche or in the Courte of Chauncerie, Chancery, shall

the chief justice of the Common Plees for the tyme beinge, upon yssues joyned chief j^tice

or to be joyned in the Courte of Common Plees, and the chief baron of of England,

Thexchequer for the tyme beinge, upon yssues joyned or to be joyned in the ^mmonWas

Courte of Exchequer, or in the absence or defaulte of anye of them two other "^hequer

judges or barons of the same severall courtes where y t shall happen eyther of chief justice or

the same chief justice or the chief baron for the tyme beinge to be absent, 2eCa«joSSce«

shall or may at their discrowns, wthin the saide hall called Westmynster Hail of nisi prius for

in Westmynster, or in the place where the Courte of Exchequer ys comonlye

kepte in the said countye of Midd, as justices of nisi prius for the said countie Hall.

of Midd, w^in the tearme tyme or w^in fower dayes nexte after thende of

everie or anye tearme, severallie trye all manner of yssues joyned or to be

joyned in anie of the saide severall courtes,.w0*1 by thordynarie course of the

lawes of the realme oughte to be tried in anye of the saide courtes by an

inqueste of the said county of Midd; and that comyssyons and wryttf of nisi Commissions

prius shalbe awarded in suche cases and in suche fourme as they are or have ^ prilu, &c.

been used in any other shire of this realme; and that yt shalbe lawfull for accordingly.

anye psonne or psonnes from henceforth, upon reasonable warninge given to

the adverse ptie or his or their attorney as hath been accustomed in suche

like cases, to take or sue forth wryttf and recordes of nisi prius for the tryall

of the saide yssues in the saide countie of Midd, as they may do uppon any

yssue joyned triable in anye other countie, and thereupon take the jurie in

suche manner and fourme, and wth awardinge of tales de circumstantibus, and

awardinge the nonsuyte, as ys used for the tiyall of yssues joyned or nonsuytes

to be awarded in the said courtf or anye of them, triable w^in the cyttie of

London, or w^in anye other countie of this realme of Englande; and that the Sherifls of

shriefes of the said countie of Midd for the tyme beynge, shall make retume of returawich

all wryttf of nisi prius w^ shalbe delyvered to them or to their or anye of &c-

their sufficient deputie for the tyme beinge, before the saide judges baron or

barons and everie of them, and shall geve their attendaunce upon the saide

justief baron and barons, aswell for the retuminge of suche tales as shalbe

prayde de circumstantibus for the trienge of the saide yssues as for the doinge

and executinge of all other thinge and thingf to thoffice of shrief in suche case

belonginge or apperteyninge; and that all psons to be impanelled in suche Juries and

juries and the pties to the same yssues and suytes, and the witnesses for the ^|^0com'

same, shalbe charged and bounde in suche and the like sorte, and upon the attend j

like paynes and penalties for their not appearaunce and attendance, or for

their or anye of their misdemeanours or defaulte before the saide justief of

nisi prius, as they shoulde have been yf the same yssue had been tried in the

courte from whence the nisi prius thereof was awarded; all w0*1 severall such trials as

tryalls, so to be had before the saide severall justief baron or barons, shall by

auetboritie of this presente Plyament stande and be as good and vayleable in

646

18 Elizabeth, c. 12,14,15.

A.D. 1575-6.

lawe as yf the same had been tryed in the tearme tyme at the ham in the courte -where suohe yssue was joyned or triable; anye law usage or cuatome heretofore made used or accustomed to the contrarie hereof in anie vise notwithstanding

After verdict in a court of record, judgement shall not be stayed or reversed for any default in form, or for ffclse Latin, variance, want of writ, defective return, &c.

II.

Not to extend to criminal cases or penal actions.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for Refourmacon of Jeofayles.

*DE it enacted by the Qenes most© excellent Ma*0 the lordes spuall and tern-porall and the comons of this present Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that yf anye verdite of xij men or more shalbe hereafter geven in anye accon suite bill playnte or demaunde in anye courte of recorde, the judgements thereuppon shall not be stayed or reversed by reason of any defaulte in fourme or lacke of fourme towchinge fals Lattin, or variaunce from the register, or other de&ultes in fourme in any wiytte originall or judiciall counte declaracon playnte bill suyte or demaunde, or for wante of anye wrytte originall or judiciall, or by reason of any impfecte or insufficient returns of any shiriffe or other officer, or for wante of anye warraunt of attumey, or by reason of anye manner of defaulte in proces upon or after anye ayde-prier or voucher, nor any suche recorde or judgment after verdicts to be geven hereafter shalbe reversed for anye the defectf or cawses aforesaide; anye lawe statute or usage to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes and be yt further enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, that this Acte or anye thinge therein conteyned shall not extende to anye writte declaracon or suyte of appeals of felonie or murder, nor to anye indite-ment or presentement of felonie murder treason or other matter, nor to anie processe upon anye of them, nor to anye writte bill action or information upon anye populer or penall statute; anye thinge aforesaide to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte for Refourmacon of Abuses in Goldsmythea*

Fineness of gold plate, &c. 22 carats:

12 d. per ounce for workmanship.

Fineness of silver plate,

11 ox. 2dwts*

12 d. per pound for workmanship.

WHERE certeyne evill disposed goldsmythes deceytfullie do make and sell plate and other golde & sylver wares, to the greate defraudinge of her Ma* and her good subjectf: For remedye whereof, be yt enacted by thauctoiytie of this present Plyament, that no goldsmythe from the fcx* daye of Apnll nexte cominge, shall worke sell exchaunge or cawse to be wroughte soldo or exchaunged any plate or other goldsmythes wares of golde lesse in fynesse then that of xxij carrottf, and that he use noe Bother amell or other stuffing^ whatsoever in anye of their workes more then ys necessarie for the fynyshing of the same, and that they take not above the rate of xij d. for the ownce of golde (besides the fashion) more than the buyer shall or maye be allowed for the same at the Queues Exchaunge or Mynte, upon payne to forfayte the valewe of the thinge so soldo or exchaunged; and that from the said xx* daye of Aprill no goldesmythe shall make sell or exchaunge in anye place w^in this realme anye plate or goldesmithes wares of sylver lesse in fynesse then that of eleven ownces two penye waightes, nor take above the rate of xij d. for everie pounde waighte of plate or wares of sylver, besides the fashion, more than the buyer shall or may be allowed for the same at the Quenes Exchaunge or Mynte; nor put to sale exchaunge or

A.D. 1575-6.

18 Elizabeth, c. 15.

647

sell anye plate or goldesmithes work© of silver before he hath sett his owne marke Silver wares to so muche thereof as convenientlie may beare the same, upon payne to forfayte the «h*Jl be marked vallewe of the thinge so soldo or exchaunged; {Rep., Stat Law Rev. Act, 1863.J y e er' And yf anye goldesmyth shall make anye goldesmythes worke or plate, and If plate marked the same after the said xx. daye of Aprill shalbe towched marked and allowed c°om-

for good by the wardens or maysters of that mysterie, and in the same there pany be found shalbe founde any falshood or deceipte, then the wardens and corporation of comply shall that mysterie for the tyme beinge shall forfaite and paye the vallewe of the tofeit the thinge so exchaunged or solde; thone moytie of all wch forfaytures shalbe to the use of the Quenes Majestie, and the other moytie to the use of suche partye greved and susteininge losse therebie as will sue for the same in anye court© of recorde, by action bill playnte informacon or otherwise, wherein no essoigne protection or wager of lawe shalbe admytted for the defendaunte.

27 ELIZABETH. A.D. 1584 [& 1585.]

STATUTES made in the PARLIAMENT, Begun and

HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE TWENTY-THIRD DAY OF NOVEMBER, Q)

In the TWENTY-SEVENTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

Rotalo iJarlramnttt hr 3tmo regitt 3Ftc^tmo^cptuno. M

CHAPTER IIL

An Act for the explanacion of the Statute made Anno xiij of the Queenes Majesties Reigne intituled, An Act to make the Landes Tenementes Qoodes and Chattels of Tellors Receivors, &c. liable to the paiment of their Debtes. {bI

"TT7HERE in the Parliament holden at Westminster the seconde daye of Doubts under " April in the xiij yeere of the reigne of our soveraigne lady Queene Elizabeth, there was amongst other things an Acte made entituled An Acte to knda make the landes tenements goods and cattels of tellors receivers, &c. liable to CCOUJltant8' pay their debts; upon which Acte some doubte and question hath bene moved, whether the Queenes Highnesse her heires and successors might for the satisfaction of her and their debtes and farmes, by her or their letters pattents under

1 And there continued until the nine and twentieth day of March following; printed copies.

{ It appears by a foot note in the Statutes of the Realm (volume 4. p. 703.), that there is a duplicate roll of this year. It also appears that chapters 20^-31. in the Statutes of the Realm are not on either roll, but are printed from the original Acts in the Parliament Office. It is also noticed that the duplicate roll agrees with the original Acts in the several corrections suggested in the notes.]

P Rep. as to so much as makes the lands, tenements, goods and chattels of receivers of his Majesty's Customs, liable to the payment of their debts due to the Crown, 6 Geo. 4. c. 105.

648

27 Elizabeth, c. 3.

A.D. 1584-5.

such sales may be made after death of accountant, or within eight years after the debt is ascertained.

II.

Before any such sale, scire facias shall issue against heirs of the accountant, who may show that executors have assets.

m.

Recited Act and this Act shall not extend to bona fide sales, made before scire facias issued, &c.

IY.

To what accountants thiq Act shall extend.

the great seale of Engeland, make sale of any the landes tenementes or hereditaments, whereof her Highnes her heires or successors have power or authoritie to make sale by vertue of the same Acte, after the death of such accomptant or debtor as is mentioned in the said Acte, or where the accompt of such accomptant or debtor was not or is not made, or his or their debt knowen in the life time of the same accomptat or debtor: For dedaracon and explaining whereof be it declared and enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, that the said Acte and everie parte thereof, touching the power given by that recited Acte unto her Highnesse her heires and successors, to make sale of any the lands tenementes or hereditaments by the same Acte limitted to be solde, is shall and ought to be expounded and extended aswell in case where the sale is to be made after the death of such accomptant or debtor as where it is to be made in his or their life time: And allso aswell in case where the accompte is made or the debt knowen within viij yeeres after the death of such accomptant or debtor, as where the same accompt is made or debt knowen in the lifetime of the same accomptant or debtor; any ambiguitie or question that hath risen or growen, or may arise or grow or be conceived upon the letter of the same Acte, to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that after the death of such accomptant and debtor as is mentioned in the said recited Acte, and before such time as any the landes tenementes and hereditamentes disended unto the heire of such accomptant or debtor, as heire unto the same accomptant or debtor, shall be (]) as aforesaid, a sire facias shall be awarded out of her Majesties Court of Exchequer unto the sheriff© of thee countie where any such landes do lye, to garnish the same heire to shew cause why the same landes tenements and hereditamentes, so to him desended as aforesaide, shoulde not he put to sale for satisfaction of the sayd debts or fermes in the same Acte mentioned, according to the tenor of the saide Act; whereupon if the heire do not within a convenient time, upon a garnishment or two nichils returned, shewe & prove unto the saide court, that the executors or administrators of such accomptant or debtor have sufficient, which ought to answere or he liable for the same debte or farme, & whereby the said debt© or farme shall and may he dulye and fully satisfied, that then after ten moneths next after such two nichils or garnishment returned, the same landes tenements and hereditaments shall he solde by her Majestie her heires or successors, and the money thereof comminge disposed according to the true intent and meaning of the saide former recited© Acte. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.}

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that the said recited Acte and this Statute of explanation [and2] as touching onely the sale of any landes tenementes or hereditaments to be made after the death of such accomptant or debtor as is aforesaid, shall not extend to any landes tenements or hereditaments which any person or persons, not being privie or consenting unto any such intent to defraude the Queenes Majestie her heires or successours as in the saide recited Acte is mentioned, nowe have or enjoy and have purchased or obteined, or before any [sire8] facias to be awarded as aforesaid shall have or enjoy purchase or obtaine, bona fide and upon good consideration; any thinge in this Acte, or in the before mentioned Acte, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

(* 4) Provided alwayes and be it enacted, that this Acte of explanation shal extende onely unto such as have bene or shall be tellors receivors treasurers

1 solde O: Dup. 2 also 0: Dup. 3 scire O: Dup.

4 The following provisoes are annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

costomers, cofferers of the housholde, farmors of impost, collectors bailiffes vitailers, and other officers of receipts and accomptes unto our soveraigne lady thee Queenes Majestic her heires and successors, and to every of them their heirs executors and administrators, and to no other.

Provided also and be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that in such cases where any accompte shall or ought to be made, or any debt shall be owinge, in the courts of the duchie of Lancaster, and Wards and Liveries, or in any of them; then after the death of such accomptant or debtor as is mentioned in the said former Acte, in any of the said last mentioned courts, and befor such time as any of the landes tenementes or hereditaments, descended unto the heire of such accomptant or deptor as heire unto the same accomptand or debtor, shall be solde as aforesaid, such processe shall be awarded as heare-after is expressed, that is to wit; first a privie seal commanding the same heire to make personall apparance, in the court out of which the same privie saele shall be awarded, to shewe cause as in the writ of sire facias to be awarded out of the Exchequer is before appointed; and if the same heire shall make default at the daye of the retume of the same privie seale, that then upon affidavit made that the same privie seale was duely served either upon the person of the same heire or left at the place of his or her dweling or most usuall aboade, an attachment with proclamatid shalbe awarded against the same heire, and shall be openly published and proclamed, in some market towne in the countie where the same heire was last dwelling or made his or her usuall abode, upon some market day there in the tyme of open market, twentie daies at the least before the retume thereof; and if upon retume thereof the said heire shall eftsoones make default, that then all things shall be done and executed, for the sale of the same landes tenementes and heredi-tamentes, and for the full satisfaction of the same debt or farme, in like and as large and aple maner and forme to all intents and purposes, as before in this Acte is limitted and appointed in cases where default is made upon a garnishment or two nichills returned, upon a scire facias awarded out of the said Court of Exchequer.


Provided always and be it enacted, that this Acte or any thing therein conteined, shall not extend© to the sale of the landes tenements or heredita-mentes of any such heire or heires, for or by reason of any accompt debt or farme, whereof any such debtor or accomptant have or shall have a quietus est or discharge, in his or their life time.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act against covenous and fraudulent Conveyaunces.

li^ORASMUCH as not onely the Queenes most excellent Majestie, but also divers of her Highnes good and lovinge subjectes and bodies politique and corporate, after conveiances obtained or to be obtained and purchases mad or to be made of landes tenementes leases estates and hereditamentes for money or other good considerations, may have incurre and receive great losse and prejudice, by reason of fraudulent and covenous conveiances estates giftes grauntes charges & limitations of uses, heretofore made or hereafter to be

V.

Process against the heir, before sale of lands, on accounts in the Duchy Court of Lancaster, or Court of Wards and Liveries.

VIL No sale of lands after quietus.

For avoiding mischiefs by fraudulent conveyances of lands:

27 ELIZABBTB,C.4.

A.D. 1684-5.

Fraudulent conveyances, made to deceive purchasers, declared void as against such purchasers.

IL

Penalty upon all parties to such fraudulent conyeyances, putting the same in effect, one year's value, half to the crown and half to the party grieved; and half a year's imprisonment.

650

made of in or out of lands tenementes or hereditaments so purchased or to be purchased; which said gifbes grauntes charges estates uses and conveyances were or heareafter shal be meant or intended, by the parties that so make the same, to be fraudulent & covenous, of purpose and entent to deceive such as have purchased or shall purchase the same, or els, by the secret entent of the parties, the same be to their owne proper use and at their fre disposition, coloured neverthelesse by a fained countenance and shewe of woordes and sentences, as though the same were made bona fide for good causes and upon just and lawfull considerafons: For remidy of which inconveniences, and for the avoyding of such fraudulent fayned and covenous conveyances giftes grantes charges uses and estates, and for the maintenance of upright and just dealing in the purchasing of landes tenements and hereditaments, be it ordeined and enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, that all and everie conveiance graunt charge lease estate incombrance and limitation of use or uses, of in or out of any landes tenements or other hereditamentes whatsoever, had or made any time heretofore sithence the beginning© of the Queenes Majesties raigne that nowe is, or at any time hereafter to be had or made, for the intent and of purpose to defraude and deceive such person or persons bodies pollitique or corporate as have purchased or shall after-wardes purchase in fe simple fe taile for life lives or yeres the same landes tenementes and hereditamentes, or any part or percell thereof, so formerly coveid graunted leased charged incumbred or limitted in use, or to defraude and deceive such as have or shall purchase any rent profite or commoditie in or out of the same, or any parte thereof, shall be deemed and taken, only as against that person and persons bodies pollitique and corporate, [or his1] heirs successors executors administrators and assignes, and against all and everi other person and persons lawfully having or claiming by from or under them or any of them, which have purchased or shall hearafter so purchase for money or other good consideration the same landes tenements or hereditaments, or [other2 3] part or percell thereof, or any rent profet or commoditie in or out of the same, to be utterly voide frustrate and of none effecte; any pretence, colour, fained consideration, or expressinge of any use or uses, to the contrari notwithstanding.

And be it foorther inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that all and everie the parties to such fained covenous and fraudulent giftes grauntes leases charges or conveionces before expressed, or beinge privie and knowing of the same or any of them, which after the xx day of Aprill next cominge shall wittingely and willingly put in ure avow maintaine justifie or defende the same or any of them, as true simple and done had or made bona fide or upon good consideration, to the disturbance or hinderance of the said purchaser or purchasers [leasses or grauntes,8] or of or to the disturbance or hinderance of their heires successors executors administrators or assignes, or such as have or shall lawfully claim any thing by from or under them or any of them, shall incurre the penaitie [or4] forfaiture of one yeres value of the said landes tenementes and hereditamentes so purchased or charged; the one moitie whereof to be to the Queenes Majestic her heirs [or4] successors, and the other

1 his and theire O: Dup.

3 lessees or grauntees O: Dup

2 any Dup,

4 and O: Dup

A.D. 1584-5.

27 Elizabeth, c. 4.

651

moitie to the partie or parties greyed by such fained and fraudulent gift graunt lease conveiance incumbrance or limatation of use; to be recovered in any of the Queenes courtes of reoorde by action of debt bill plaint or information, wherein no essoine protection or wager of lawe shall be admitted for the defendant or defendants; and allso being thereof lawfully convicted shall suffer imprisonment for one halfe yere without bade or mainprise.

Provided also and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that this Acte or any thing therin contained shall not extend or be construed to impeach defeat make void or frustrate any conveiance assignement of lease assurance graunt charge lease estate interest or limitation of use or uses, of in to or out of any landes tenementes or hereditaments, heretofore at any time hade or made or heareafter to be hade or made, upon or for good consideration and bona fide, to any person or persons bodies pollitique or corporate; any thinge before mentionede to the contrary heereof notwith-standinge.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that if any person or persons have heretofore, sithens the beginning of the Queenes Majesties raigne that nowe is, made, or hereafter shall make, any conveiance gift graunt demise charge limitation of use or uses or assurance, of in or out of any lands tenementes or hereditamentes, with ani clause provision article or condition of revocation determination or alteration at his or their will or pleasure of such conveiances assurance grauntes limitations of uses or estates, of in or out of the saide landes tenementes or hereditamentes or of in or out of any part or parcell of them, contained or mentioned in any writinge deede or indenture of such assurance conveiance graunte or gift; and after such conveiance graunte gift demise charge limitation of uses or assurance so made or had, shall or doe bargain© sell demise graunt convey or charge the same landes tenementes or hereditamentes, or any part or parcell thereof, to any personn or personns bodies pollitique or corporate, for money or other good consideration paid or gewen, the saide first conveiance assurance gift graunt demise charge or limitation not by him or them revoked made voyde or altered, according© to the power and authoritie reserved or expressed unto him or them in and by the said secrete conveiance assurance gift or graunt, that then the said former conveiance assurance gift demise and graunte, as touching the said landes tenements and hereditamentes so after bargained sold conveyed demised or charged, against the said [bargaines veendes leases graundees,1] and everie of them, their heires successors executors administrators and assignes, and against all and everie person and persons which have shal or may lawfully claime any thing by from or under them or any of them, shall be demed taken and adjudged to be void frustrate and of none effecte, by vertue and force of this present Acte: Provided neverthelesse that no lawfull morgage, made or to be made bona fide and without fraud or covin upon good consideration, shall be impeached or impaired by force of this Acte, but shall stande in like force and effecte as the same shoulde have done if this Acte had never bene had nor made; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

m.

Proviso for conveyance* made on good consideration, &c.

IV. Conveyances made revocable, of land* afterward* sold for good consideration, declared void against the purchasers.

Proviso for mortgages.

1 barganees vendees lessees graontees O: Dup.

652

A.D. 1584-5.

After demurrer joined and entered, in any court of record, judgment shall be finally given, without regard to any defect in process or pleading, not expressly specified in the demurrer.

II.

All other defects may be amended by the court.

III.

Not to extend to appeals, indictments, or penal statutes.

Misconduct of under sheriffs not being sworn;

27 Elizabeth, c. 5,12.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for the expedicion of Justice in Causes of Demurrers and

Pleadinges.

TjlORASMTJCH as excessive charges and expences, and greate delay and hinderance of justice, hath growne in actions and suits betwene the subjectes of this realme, by reason that upon some smale mistakinge or wante of forme in pleading, judgementes are often reversed by writtes of errour, and often times upon demurrours in lawe given otherwise then the matter in lawe and verie right of the cause doeth require; whereby the parties are constrained eyther utterly to lose tkeii right, or els after loung time and greate trouble and expences to renewe againe their suites: For remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Queenes moste excelent Majestie the lordes spirituall and temporall and the commouns in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, that from henceforth after demurrer joyned and entred in any action or suite in any court of recorde within this realme, the judges shall proceed and give judgement, according as the verie right of the cause & matter in lawe shall appeare unto them, without regarding any imperfection defect or wante of forme, in any writte retume plainte declaration or other pleading procese or course of proceding whasoever, excepte those only which the partie demurringe shall specially and particularly set downe and expresse together with his demurrer; and that no judgement to be geven shall be reversed by any writte of error for any such imperfection defecte or wante of forme as is aforesaid, excepte such onely as is before excepted.

And be it further enacted, that after demurrers joyned and entred, the courte where the same shall be, shall and may by vertue of this Acte from time to time amende all and every such imperfections defects and wantes of forme as is before mentioned, other then those onely which the partie demurring shall specially and particularly expresse and set downe together with his demurrer as is aforesaide.

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend to any writte declaration or suite of appeale of felony or murder, nor to any indictment or presentment of felony murder treason or other matter, nor to any pro-cesse upon any of them, nor to any writte bill action or information upon any popular or penall statute; any thing aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for the swearinge of Under Sherifes and other Under Officers and

Mynisters.

TjlORASMUCH as grievous complaintes are many tymes made of the misdemeanour and evill behaviour of under sherifes, who oftentymes having to them committed by the high sheriffe the whole or parte of the exercising and executing of the office of the high sheriffe, and not taking any corporal othe as the high sheriffe doth for the executing and dischardging of the same office, doe therefore dailye and most injuriously through corruption and affection impanell jurours, for the Queenes Majestie and betwixt partie

27 Elizabeth, c. 12.

653

and partie, to the greate losse damag and hinderance of divers her Majesties lovinge subjectes of this realme: Fob reformation whereof, be it enacted by the authoritie of this Parliament, that all and everie person and persons that, from and after the laste day of the session of this present Parliament, shall be admited to or take upon him the execution of the office of an under sheriffe in any shire or countie within this realme of Englande, before he entermeddle with the use or exercise of the saide office, shall receive and take a corporall othe upon the holy Evangelistes, before the justices of assise or [on *] of them, of the same circuite wherein that countie is whereof he shall be under sheriffe, or before the custos rotulorum, or two justices of the peace whereof one to be of the quorum, of the saide countie whereof he shall be under sheriffe as afore-saide, for and concerning the supremacie, in such manner and fourme as that othe is expressed and declared in one Acte of Parliamente made and ordeyned in the first yeere of the raigne of our saide soveraigne ladie the Queenes Majestie; together with which othe he shall in like sorte, before the same person or persons, receive and take [onl] other corporall othe as followeth; (that is to say): — I A. B. shall not use or exercise the office of under sheriffe corruptly during the tyme that I shall remains therein, neither shall or will accept receive or take by any colour meanes or devise whatsoever, or consent to the taking of, any maner of fee or rewarde of any person or persons, for the impanelling or returning of any inquest jurie or tales in any court of recorde for the Queene, or betwixt partie and partie, above two shillinges or the vallue thereof, or such fees as are alowed and appoynted for the same by the lawes and statutes of this realme, but will according to my power trewly and indefferently with convenient speede irapanell all jurors and retume all such writte or writtes touching the same as shall appertaine to be done by my deutie or office, duringe the tyme that I shall remain© in the saide office: Soe helpe me God. And likewise be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that this Acte shalbe a sufficient warrante to the persoons appoynted by this Act to minister the oth aforesaide, for the ministring thereof accordingly.


And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that every bailife of francheis, deputie and clarke of everie sherif and under sheriffe, and every other person and persons, which after fourtie dayes after the end of this session of Parliament shall have authoritie to take upon him to empanall or retume any inquest jurie or tales, or to entermeddle with execution of processe in any court of record, shall before he or they intermeddle with any further execution thereof, receive and take the othes aforsaide corporally, before the person or persons appointed by this Acte to minister the same, or before the head officer of the place, if it be a towne corporat, changeing only the wordes,- the office of under sheriffe, contained in the othe expressed in this Acte, to such wordes as are convenient for the deputation office or place in which the partie which taketh the othe is to be exercised in; and if any the said persons limitted to take the othe aforesaid, do take upon him to impanall or retume any inquest jurie or tales, or to intermeddle with the execution of processe, not having before taken the othes aforesaid, that then every such person shall lose and forfait the summe of xl. poundes of currante Engelish money; the

all under sheriffe shall, before acting, take oath of supremacy required by Slat. 1 Elia, c.l. §9.

and also the oath of office hereby prescribed.

in.

Bailiffs of liberties, clerks, &c. authorized to impanel juries, shall be sworn in like manner:

Penalty, 40L

1 one O.

654

27 Elizabeth, c. 12.

A.D. 1584-5.

IV. Penalty on sheriffs, &c. transgressing this Act, treble damages to parties grieved*

V.

Justices of assize, &c. may determine

one moitie to be to the use of our soveraigue ladye the Queene, the other moytye to him or them that will sue for the same.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that if anye under sheriffe or other person mentioned in this Acte, or any of them, at any time and times from and after fourtie dayes next ensuinge the last day of this present session of Parliament, shall doe [or committe any acte or actes contrari to the othes aforesaide, or either of them, or contrari to the true entent and meaninge of this Acte, that thein everie such person so offending shall forefaite and lose for everie such offence to the partie or parties grieved his or their treble dammages; all which severall forfaitures before mentioned shall or may, by the authoritie of this present Acte, be recovered had and levied by action of debt bill plainte or information in any of the Queenes Majesties courtes of recorde, in which actions suites plaintes or informations no wager of lawe essoyne or protection shall be allowed.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that the justices of assise and justices of peace in there open sessions, shall have full power, within the limittes of their authoritie, to heare and determine the defaultes done contrary to this Acte, as well by presentment and information as indittement; and upon convictione of the offendours to award executions for the levie of the forfaitures aforesaide by firie facias or by attachement capias or exigendum.

[28 &] 29 ELIZABETH. A.D. 1586 [& 1586-7.]

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE TWENTY-NINTH DAY OF OCTOBER,

In the TWENTY-EIGHTH Year, and there continued Until and upon the Twenty-third Day of March next following, In the TWENTY-NINTH Year, of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

tfjt Rotuto $arltamnrtt tie amtfe regtti <£Ii|abet$e ftegtm, Wwf^tmo octabo et turns. C1)

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte to pvent Extordon in Sbiriefff Under Sheriefff and Bayliffes of Fraunchesies or Libertyes, in Cases of Execucion.

X>E it inacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that yt shall not be laufull, from the firste daye of Male nowe nexte ensuynge, to or for anye shirief under shirief baylief of fraunchises or liberties, nor for anye of their or

1 . This Parliament was originally summoned for 15th October, an.

28 Eliz. AD. 1586; on which day it was prorogued to the 27th of the same month; and on that day further prorogued to the 29th, when it met and sate, (on the business of Mary Queen of Scots, but without passing any Act,) until 2 December, an. 29 Eliz. AD. 1586, and was on that day adjourned [not prorogued] to 15 February, an.

29 Eliz. AD. 1586-7, when it met again and sate until the 23d of March ensuing; and on that day was dissolved: See Sir SL D* Ewes's Journals of the Houses of Lords and Commons of this Year. The statute of this year has in all printed copies been intituled

Fees of sheriffs, &c. on executions $ Is. in the pound, up

A.D. 1586-7.

29 Elizabeth, c. 4, 5.

655

either of their officers ministers srvantes baylieffif or deputyes, nor for anye of them, by reason or collour of their or either of their office or offices, to have receve or take of anye pson or psons whatsoever, directlye or indirectlie, for the §vyng and executing© of any extent or execucon, upon the bodye landes goodf or chattelles of anye pson or psons whatsoever, more or other consideracon or recompence then in this psent Acte ys and shalbe lymyted and appoynted whiche shalbe laufull to be hadd receyved and taken; that is to saye, twelve pence of and for everie twentie shillingf where the [same*] exceedeth not one hundreth poundes, and sixe pence of and for everie twentie shilling?, beinge over and above the saide some of one hundreth poundes, that he or they shall soe levie or extende and deliver in execuc5n, or take the bodie in execucon for, by vertue and force of anye such extent or execucon whatsoever; upon payne and penaltye that all and everye shirief under shirief baylief of fraunchises or liberties, their and everie of their ministers servauntf officers bailieff? or deputies, whiche at anye tyme after the saide firste daye of Maye nowe next ensuynge, shall directlie or indirectlie doe the contrarie, shall lose and forfeyte to the partie grieved his treble damage; and shall forfeyte the some of fourtie poundes of good and laufull Englishe money for everie tyme that he they or anye of them shall doe the contrarie, the one moytie thereof to be to our soveraigne ladye the Queue her heires and successors, and thother moytie therof to the partie or parties that will sue for the same, by any playnte accon suyte bill or information, wherein noe essoyne wager of lawe or ptection shalbe allowed.

Pbovided alwaies, that this Acte, or any thinge therein conteyned, shall not extend to anye fees to be taken or had for anye execuron within anye dttie or towne corporate; anye thinge above mentioned to the contrarie therof notwithstandingq

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for the Contynuance and pfectinge of di9se Statute ##

Pbovided alwaies, that whereas dyvers her Majesties lovinge subjects, dwelling© in the remote part? of this realme, are many tymes maliciouslye troubled upon informations and suyte, exhibited in the courtes of King? Bench Comon Plees and Exchequer, upon penall statute, and are drawen upp upon pcesse out of the countries where they dwell, and dryven to attend and put in bayle, to theire great troble and undoings: For reformation whereof, be it inacted, that yf anye pson or psons shalbe sued or informed against© upon anye penall lawe, in anye the severall courts of Kinges Benche C5mon 1

29th Elizabeth; but see stats. 35 Eliz. c. 1. § 7 .; c. 5. § 1, &c. where Acts passed in this Parliament are recited as of 28th Elizabeth.

There is another roll of this year, .... Neither of the rolls notices or contains the Acts for the subsidies or pardon, which are inserted in all printed copies as chapters VLL VJL1L and IX. of the statute of this session: These are printed {in the Statutes of the

Realm] from the original Acts in the Parliament Office.

1 somme O. Dup.

to £100, and 6d. in the pound above.

Penalty on extortion, treble damages * to the party grieved; and £40 to the use of the Crown, &c.

JL

Not to extend to corporations.

IV.

Defendants, in suits on penal statutes may appear by attorney, without putting in bail.

65C

29 Elizabeth, c. 5.

A.D. 1686-7.

For avoiding secret outlawries in personal actions, three proclamations shall be made on the exigents, one in the county court, one at quarter sessions, and one at the church-door, &c. one month before the qvinto exactus.

Plees or Exchequer, where suche pson or psons are bayleable by lawe, or where by the leave or favor of the courte suche pson or psons maye appears by attorney, that in all and everie suche case, the pson or psons so to be ym pleaded or sued shall and may, at the daye and tyme conteyned in the firste pcesse served for his apparaunce, appears by attorney of the same courte where the gcesse ys returnable, to answeare and defend© the same, and not be urged to psonall apparaunce, or to put in bayle for the answeringe of suche suyte; any former lawe custome or usage to the contrarie notwithstanding.

31 ELIZABETH. A.D. 1588-9.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun and holden at Westminster, on the Fourth Day of February, (*) In the THIRTY-FIRST Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

<£jr ftotttlo ^arltamenti he anno regnt <£U|ahetbe Eegutr CnceOtino prano. Iai

CHAPTER III.

An Acte for the avoydinge of privie and secrete Outlaries of her Majesties

Subject?.

"TjIOR the avoiding© of secret outlaries in accons psonall againste the Queues subject?, havinge knowne places of their dwellinges, by reason that gdama-cons are made in the countie court? and in quarter sessions, whiche are places remote from their dwelling?, and thereby they have not anye convenient notice of suche sutes againste them: Be it enacted and ordeyned by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that in everie accon psonall, wherein any writt of exigent shalbe awarded out of any courte, in or after the terme of Easter next comynge, one writt of gclamacon shalbe awarded and made out of the same courte, havinge daye of teste and retoume as the saide writt of exigent shall have, directed and delivered of recorde to the shirief of the countie where the defend at the tyme of the exigent soe awarded shalbe dwellinge, whiche writt of gclamacon shall conteyne the effecte of the same accon; and that the shirife of the countie, unto whom anye suche writt of gclamaSn shalbe directed, shall make three gclamacons in this forme followinge, and not otherwise; that ys to saye, one of the same gclamacons in the open countie courte, and one other of the same gclamacons to be made at the ge&all quarter sessions of the peace, in those part? where the partie defendaunte at the tyme of the exigent awarded shalbe dwellinge, and one other of the same gclamacons to be made one moneth at the leaste before the quin? exac?, by vertue of the 1

1 And there continued until the dissolution thereof, being the nine and twentieth day of March; printed copies.

{* It appears by a foot note in the Statutes of the Realm (volume 4. p. 798.), that chapters 14-16. in the Statutes of the Realm are not on the roll, but are printed from the original Acts in the Parliament Office.

31 Elizabeth, c. 3, 5.

657

saide writt of exigent, at or nere to the most usuall doore of the churche or

chappell of that towne or parishe where the defendaunte shalbe dwellinge at

the tyme of the saide exigent soe awarded; and yf the defendaunte shalbe

dwelling out of any parishe, then in suche place as aforesaide of the parishe in

the same countie and nexte adjoyninge to the place of the defendaunte

dwellinge, and upon a Sundaye [mediatlye*] after devine service and sermon,

yf any sermon there be, and yf noe sermon ther be, then forthwithe after

devine service; and that all outlaries had and gnounced after the ende of the Outlawries

next Easter terme, and noe writt of gclamacons awarded and returned hereto

accordinge to the forme of this statute, shalbe utterlye voyde and of none

effecte; and that the officer in whose office suche writtf of exigent & Fees on writs

gclamacons shalbe made, shall and maye take suche fees as by the statute, ^St 6 bl

made in the sixt yere of the raigne of the late Kinge of famous memorie VIII. c.4:

Kinge Henrie the Eight, ys lymited and appoynted in that behalfe, and noe ^r^iamation

greater fees in any wise; and that the shirief for makinge of the gclamacon at at church-

or nere to the churche or chappell doore as ys aforesaide, shall have twelve

pence.


And be it further enacted, that before any allowaunce of any writt of Hi. error or reversinge of anye outlarie be had, by plee or otherwise, throughe or outlawry, &c. by wante of any gclamacon to be had or made accordinge to the forme of this for want statute, after thende of Easter terme next, the defendaunte and defendaunte in defendant shall the orriginall accon shall put in bayle, not onlye to appeare and answere to bai^ the playntif in the former suyte, in a newe aefim to be comenced by the saide pi for the cause mencioned in the first accon, but also to satisfye the condem-nacon, yf the playntif shall begynne his suyte before thend of two termes next after the allowinge the writt of error or otherwise avoydinge of the saide outlarie.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte conceminge Informers.

"T?OR that divers of the Quenes Majesties subject^ be daylie unjustlie vexed Statutes for and disquieted by divers comen informers upon penall statutes, notwith-standinge any former statute that hathe bene heretofore made againste their confirmed, disorders: For remedye thereof, be it inacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that all former statute made for reformacon of disorders of suche edmon informers, not repealed or altered by this Acte, shalbe put in due exeeuwn: And that noe person other then the partie grieved, after twentie Informers dayes after the ende of this session of Parliament, shalbe receyved to informe or sue uppon any penall statute, that before that tyme hathe bene, for any mysdemeanor by any order of anye the Quenes Majesties courtf, ordered not to followe or pursue anye sute upon any penall statute.

And be it further inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that in anye dedaracon II.

or informacon, at anye tyme after twentie dayes after thende of this session 1

1 immediately 'printed copies.

{a Rep. as to so much as relates to the time limited for exhibiting an information for a forfeiture upon any penal statute, 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. s. 36. J

T T

658

31 Elizabeth, c. 5.

A.D. 1588-9.

statutes shall be laid in the county where offence was committed.

m.

Proviso for officers of record.

nr.

Informations for champerty, &c. or under Statutes 1 Eliz. cc. 11, 20. or for concealing customs, &c. j or for usury, or forestalling,&c. may be laid in any county.

V.

Limitation of actions on penal statutes; two years for the Crown, and one year for a qui-tam informer; except where a shorter time is expressly limited.

of Parliament to bee hadd brought sued or exhibited, the offence against© any© penail statute shall not be layde to be doone in anye other countie but where the contract© or other matter alleaged to be thoffence was in truthe done; and that eyerie defendaunte in suche action or informacon shall and laufullye maye traverse, and alleage that the offence, supposed by the same Bute to be comytted, was not comytted in the countie where suche offence ys alleaged; whiche being© tried for the deffendaunte, or yf the playntife be thereupon nonsute in his informacon or suyte, that then the playntief shalbe haired in that action or informacon; anye lawe or use to the contrarie notwith-standinge.

Provided alwayes, that this Acte nor anye thinge herein conteyned, shall in anye wise extende to anye suche [officer *] of record© as have in respecte of their offices heretofore laufollye used to exhibite informacons or sue upon penail lawes; hut that they and everie of them may informe and pursue in that behalfe as they might have done before the makinge of this Acte; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding©.

And gvided also, that this Acte nor anye thinge therein conteyned shall extende to the layinge or alleaginge of any offence in any declaration or informacon, for or conceminge any champtie, buying© of titles, or extorcon, or any offence comytted or to be comytted againste the Statute made in the firste yere of the Quenes Majesties raigne, intituled An Acte lymitiuge the tymes for laying on land merchaundize from beyond© the seas, and towchinge customes of swete wynes; and one other Acte made in the saide firste yere of her Majesties raigne, intituled An Acte of a subsidie of tonnage and poundage; or any thinge in anye of them conteyned; or for the con-cealinge or defraudinge the Quenes Majestie her heires or successors of any custome tonnage poundage subsidie ymposte or prisage; or for any matter of corrupte usurie; or for anye offence comprised in anye statute made or to be made againste ingrossinge regratinge or forstallinge, where the penaltie or forfeyture shall appear© to be to the value of twentie poundes or above; but that everie suche offence shall or maye be layed in anye oountie at the pleasure of anye such informer; any thinge in this Afcte to the contrarie notwithstanding©.

And be it further inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that all acffins suytes billes inditementf or informacons whiche, after twentie daies after the ende of this session of Parliament, shalbe had brought sued or exhibited for anye forfeyture upon anye statute penail, made or to be made, whereby© the forfeyture ys or shalbe lymyted to the Quene her heires or successors onelye, shalbe had brought sued or exhibited within two yeres next after the offence comytted or to be comytted againste suche Acte penail, and not aft two yeres; and that all accons suytes billes or informacons, whiche after the saide twentie dayes shalbe had brought sued or comeneed, for anye forfeyture upon any penail statute, made or to bee made, except© the Statute of Tillage, the benefytt and suyte whereof ys or shalbe by the saide statute lymitted to the Quene her heires or successors and to anye other whiche shall gsecute in that behalfe, shalbe had brought sued or cSmenced, by anye pson that maye lawfullye pursue for the same as aforesaid, within one yere next after the

1 officers 0.

31 Elizabeth, c. 5, 6.

659

offence comytted or to be corny tted againste the said statute; and in defaulte of suche pursuyte, that then the same shalbe had sued exhibited or brought, for the Quenes Majestie her heires or successors, at any tyme within two yeres after that yere ended; and yf any accon suyte bill inditemente or informacon for anye offence againste anye penall statute, made or to be made, excepte the Statute of Tillage, shalbe brought after the tyme in that behalfe before lymyted, that then the same shalbe voyed and of no effect; anye Acte or statute made to the contrarie notwithstandinge: Provided alwaies, that where anye action informacon inditement or suyte ys or shalbe lymited, by any statute penall, to be had sued comenced or brought within shorter tyme then ys afore rehersed, that in everie suche case the action informacon inditement or other sute shalbe brought within the tyme lymited by suche estatute.

And be yt further inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that one Statute made in the seventh yere of the raigne of the late Kinge of famouse memorie Kinge Henry the Eight, concernynge the tyme of bringinge actions or infor-maeons upon penall lawes, shall from and after twentie dayes after the ende of this session of Parliament, be utterlie repealed: And that all suytes, from and after the saide twentie daies to be pursued upon anye statute for usinge any unlawfull game, or for not usinge of any laufull game, or for not having© bowes and arrowes according© to the lawe, or for usinge anye arte or misterie in the whiche the partie hathe not bene brought upp, accordinge to the statute in that behalfe made, shalbe sued and gsecuted in the gefiall quarter sessions of the peace or assises of the same countie where the offence shalbe comytted, or otherwise inquired of harde and determyned in the assises or geiiall quarter sessions of the peace of the same countie where suche offence shalbe comytted, or in the leete within whiche it shall happen, and not in anywise out of the same countie where suche offence shall happen or be comytted.

VL

St 7 H. vm.

c. 3. repealed.

Suits as to games, bows, and using trades, shall be brought in the proper county.

CHAPTER VI,

An Acte against Abuses in Election of Scollers and psentacons to Benefices.

WHEREAS by the intent of the founders of colledges, churches collegiat Election* of " churches cathedrall, scoles hospitalls halles and other like societies within this realme, and by the statute and good orders of the same, the coUege*' &c. elecffins, psentacons and ndiacons of fellowes schollers officers and other psons to have roome or place in the same, are to be had and made of the fittest & moste meete psons beinge capable of the same elecoons psentacons and nolacons, freelye w^out anye rewarde guyfte or thinge given or taken for the same; and for true pformaunce whereof, some ellectors presentors and nomynators in the same have or shoulde take a corpora! oathe to make their elecoons psentacons andnSIacons accordingly©; yet notwithstandinge it is sene and founds by experience that the saide elecoons presentacons and nolacons be manye tymes wrought and brought to passe with monye guyflt? & reward?, whereby the fyttest psons to be psented elected or nolated wantinge money or friend? are sildome or not at all pferred, contrarie to the good meaning© of the saide founders, and the saide good statut? and ordynaunc? of the saide oolledges churches scholes halles hospitalls & socyeties, and to the great pjudice of learning and the comon wealthe and estate of the realme: Fob

TT 2

660

31 Elizabeth, c. 6.

A.D. 1588-9.

*where election of fellows, officers, &c. of colleges, hospitals, &c. shall be produced by bribery, the election declared void.

n.

Penalty on resignation of any fellowship, office, &c. for money, &c .; double the amount on the resigner, and incapacity in the giver.

UL This Act shall be read at every election

remedye whereof, be it enacted by the Qtienes most excellent Majestie the lordes spuall and temporal] and the cdmons in this psent Parliament assembled,

. and by the authoritie of the same, that yf any pson or psons bodyes pollitick or corporate, whiche have eleccon psentacon or noiacon, or voyce or assent in the choyse eleccon psenta6on or noiacon, of anye fellowe scholler or any other pson, to have roome or place in anye the saide churches colledges scholes hospitalls halles or societies, shall at anye tyme after fortye dales next after the ende of this psent session of Parliament, have receyve or take anye monye fee rewarde or any other pfytt, directly or indirectlie, or shall take any pmyse agreament covenante bonde or other assuraunoe, to receyve or have any monye fee rewarde or any other pfytt, directlye or indirectlye, either to him or themselves or to any other of their or anye of their freindes, for his or their voice or voices assent or assentf or consent?, in electinge chosinge psentinge or noiatinge anye officer fellowe scholler or other pson, to have any roome or place in any the saide churches colledgf halles scholes hospitalles or societies, that then and from thenceforthe the place roome or office, whiche suche pson soe offendinge shall then have in anye the saide churches colledges scholles halles hospitalls or societies, shalbe voyde; and that then aswell the Quenes Majestie her heires and successors, and everie other pson and psons their heires and successors, to whom the psentacon donacon guyfte eleccon or disposicon shall of right belonge or apperteyne of anye suche of the saide roomes or places of the saide pson offendinge as aforesaide, shall or maye at their pleasure elect psent nolate place or appoynte any other pson or psons in the roome office pr place of suche pson or psons so offendinge, as yf the saide pson or psons so offendinge then were nabuiallie deade.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that yf any fellowe officer or scholler of anye the saide churches colledges scholes halles hospitalls or societies, or other psons havinge roome or place in anye of the same, shall at anye tyme hereafter directly or indirectlie take or receive, or by any waye devise or meanes contract or agree to have or receyve, any monye rewarde or pfytt whatsoever, for the levinge or resignyng upp of the same his roome or place for any other to be placed in the same, that then everie pson soe takinge or contractinge or agreinge to take or have any thinge for the same, shall forfeyte and loose double the some of money or value of the thinge so receyved and taken or agreed to be receyved or taken; and everie pson, by whom or for whom anye monye guyfte or rewarde as aforesaide shalbe given or agreed to be payde, shalbe uncapeable of that place or roome for that tyme or tume, and shall not be nor had nor taken to he a laufull fellowe scholler or officer of any the churches colledgf halles hospitalls scholles or societies, or to have suche roome or place there; but that they to whom it shall apperteyne, at any tyme thereafter, shall and maye elect chose psent and nolate any other pson, fitt to he elected psented or ndiated, into the saide roome or felloweshippe, as yf the saide pson, by or for whome anye suche money gufte or rewarde shalbe given or agreed to he payde, were dead or had resigned and leafte the same.

And for more syncere eleccon choyce psentacon and noiacon of fellowe* schollers officers and other psons to have roome or place hereafter in anye of the saide churches colledges halles scholles hospitalls and other like societies;

31 Elizabeth, a 6.

661

be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that at the tyme of everie of fellows, Ac. suche eleccon psentacon or n5iaa>n hereafter to be had, aswell this psent Acte, Penalty> £40' as thorders and statute of the same places concernynge suche eleccon psentacon or noiacon to be had, shall then and there be publiklye read, upon payne that ,

everie pson in whom defaulte thereof shalbe, shall forfeyte and loose the some of fortye poundes; all whiche forfeytures shall and maye be had & recovered Recovery of in any her Majesties courtf of records by any pson or psons bodies pollitique penaltie* and corporate that will sue for the same by bill playnt or accon of debte, in whiche noe essoyne gtection or wager of la we shalbe allowed; thone moytie whereof shalbe to him or them that will sue for the same, thother moytie to the use of the saide churche colledge hall hospitall schole or societie where suche offence shalbe comytted.

And for the avoydinge of symony & corrupcon, in psentacons collations and donations of and to benefices dignyties prebendf and other livingf and gmocions ecctiasticall, and in admissions institutions and inductions to the same; be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that yf any pson or psons bodyes polliticke or corporate shall or doe, at anye tyme after the ende of fortie dayes next after the ende of this session of Parliament, for anye some of money rewarde guyfte gfytt or benefytt, directlie or indirectlie, or for or by reason of any gmyse agreement graunte bond? coven»nte or other assurauncf of or for any some of money rewarde guyfte gfitt or benefytt whatsoever, directly or indirectlie, psent or collate any pson to anye benefice withe cure of soules, dignytie prebend or lyvinge ecctiasticall, or give or bestowe the same for or in respecte of any suche corrupts cause or consideracon, that then everie suche psentacon collation guifte and bestowinge, and everie admyssion institucon investure and induction thereupon, shalbe utterlie voyde frustrate and of none effecte in lawe: And that it shall and maye be laufull to and for the Quenes Majestie her heires and successors to psent collate unto or give or bestowe everie suche benefice dignitie pbend and lyvinge ecctiasticall for that one tyme or turne onlye: And that all and every pson or psons bodye pollitick and corporate, that from thenceforthe shall give or take anye suche some of money rewarde guyfte or benefitt, directlye or indirectlye, or that shall take or make anye suche gmysse graunte bonde covenante or other assuraunce, shall forfeite and loose the double value of one yeres gfitt of everie suche benefice dignitie prebend and livinge eccliasticall; and the pson, soe corruptlye takinge gcuringe seekinge or accepting any suche benefice dignitie pbende or lyvinge, shall thereupon and from thenceforth be adjudged a disabled pson in lawe to have or enjoye the same benefice dignitie prebend or lyvinge ecctiasticall

IV. Simoni&c&I presentations to benefices, Ac. declared void:

Presentation shall devolve to the Crown:

Penalty of doable the yearly value on the giver and taker; and the giver incapacitated to hold the benefice.

And be yt further enacted, that yf anye pson shall at anye tyme after V. fortie dayes next after thende of this session of Parliament, for any some of SiTu^y hwti-money rewarde guyfte gffitt or comoditye whatsoever, directly or indirectly, tuting, Ac. to other then for usuall and laufull fees, or for or by reason of any gmyse douwTthe&C agreement graunte covenante bonde or other assuraunce of or for any s5me of j&z}y yah*; monye rewarde guifte gfitt or benefitt whatsoever, directlye or indirectly, admytt institute install inducte investe or place any pson, in or to any benefice "ay present withe cure of soules, dignitie pbend or other living ecctiasticall, that then everie suche pson soe offendinge shall forfeyte and loose the dooble value of one yeres gfytt of everie suche benefice dignitie pbend and living eccliasticall;

662

31 Elizabeth, a 6.

A.D. 1588-9.

VL No title by lapse, without six months* notice to patron.

viL

Penalty on corrupt resignation of benefices; double the sum given, by giver and taker:

Application of penalties.

VHL Penalties under spiritual laws shall remain in foree.

EL Penalty on corrupt ordination, &c. of ministers; on the receiver, £40; and on the minister, £10, and 7 years, incapacity to hold any benefice.

and that therupon, ymediatlie from and after the investing© instaUaoon or induction thereof had, the same benefice dignitie prebend and living ecdiasticall shalbe eftsones merely voyd; and that the patron, or pson to whom the advonson gifte psentacon or collacon shall by lawe apperteyne, shall & maye by vertue of this Acte psent or collate unto, give and dispose of the same benefice dignitie prebend or livinge eccliasticall, in suche sorte to all intentf and purposes as yf the partie, so admytted instituted installed invested inducted or placed, had bene or were naturally© deade.

Provided alwaies, that noe title to conferre or psent by laps, shall accrewe uppon anye voydaunce mencioned in this Acte, but after sixe monethes next after notice given of such voydance by the ordinarie to the patron.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that yf any incumbent of any benefice withe cure of soules, after thende of the saide fortie dales, doe or shall corruptlie resign© or exchange the same, or corruptlye take for or in respecte of the resignynge or exchanging© of the same, directlie or indirectlie, any pencon some of money or benefitt whatsoever, that then aswell the giver as the taker of any suche pencon some of money or other benefitt corruptlie, shall loose double the value of the some soe given taken or had; thone moytie, aswell thereof as of the forfeyture of double value of one yeres gfytt before mencioned, to be to the Quenes Majestic her heires and successors, and thother moytie to him or them that will sue for the same by accon of debte bill or informacon, in any of her Majesties courtf of recorde, in whiche noe essoyne gteccon or wager of lawe or pviledge shalbe admytted or allowed.

Provided alwaies, that this Acte or any thinge herein conteyned, shall not in anye wise extende to take awaye or restrayne any punyshment payne or penaltie lymitted pscribed or instituted by the lawes eccliasticall for any the offences before in this Acte mencioned, but that the same shall remayne in force, and may be putt in due execucon as it might be before the makinge of this Acte; this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned to the contraiye thereof in anye wise notwithstanding©.

(1) Provided further and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that yf any pson or psons whatsoever shall or doe, at anye tyme after thende of this session of Parliament, receyve or take anye money fee rewarde or anye other gfytt, directlye or indirectlye, or shall take anye gmyse agreament covenante bonde or other assuraunce, to receive or have any money fee rewarde or any other gfytt, directly or indirectly, either to him or themselves or to anye other of their or any of their freindes, all ordinary and laufull fees onlye excepted, for or to procure the ordeyninge or makinge of any minister or ministers, or gyvinge of any orders or licence or licences to pache, that then e9ye pson and psons so offending© shall for e9ye suche offence forfeyt and loose the some of fortie poundes of laufull money of England, and the partie soe corruptlie ordeyned or made minister or taking orders, shall forfeyt and loose the some of tenne poundes: And if, at anye tyme within seaven yeres next after such corrupt© entringe into the minystery or receyvinge of orders, he shall accepte or take any benefice livinge or gmocion eccliasticall, that then imediatlye from and after the induction investing or installation thereof or there into had, the same benefice lyvinge and gmocion eccliasticall shalbe eftsones merelye voyde;

1 This proviso is annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

31 Elizabeth, c. 6,10.

663

and that the patron, or pson to whom the advoason guyfte psentacon or coUacion shall by lawe apperteyne, shall and may by virtue of this Acte psent or collate unto, gyve and dispose of, the same benefice lyvinge or gmocion eccliasticall, in suche sorte to all intent? and purposes as yf the partie so inducted invested or installed had bene or were naturallye dead; any lawe ordynaunoe qualificacon or dispensacon to the contrarie notwithstandinge; thone moytie of all whiche forfeytures shalbe to our soveraigne ladye the Quene her heires and successors, and the other moytie to him or them that will sue for the same by accon of debte bill playnte or informacon, in any of her Majesties court? of recorde, in whiche noe essoyne gteccon priviledge or wager of lawe shalbe admytted or allowed.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for the contynuance and pfectinge of di9se Statut?.


(*) Where in the Parliament nowe last paste holden at Westm, an Acte was then made, intituled An Acte for the contynuance and pfectinge of divers statutf; in the whiche Acte one gviso ys conteyned in these wordes followinge, viz. Provided alwaies, that whereas di9se her Majesties lovinge subject? dwellinge in the remote part? of this realme are many tymes maliciously trobled upon [informacon1 2 3] and suyt? exhibited in the court? of King? Benche C5men Plees and Exchequer, uppon penall statute, and are drawne upp uppon gees out of the countries where they dwell, and dryven to attende and put in bayle, to their great [trobles8] and undoingf: For reformaain whereof, be it enacted, that yf any pson or psons shalbe sued or informed againste uppon any penall lawe, in any the [saide 4] courte of Kingf Benche and Coen Plees or Exchequer, where suche pson or psons are baylable by lawe, or where by the [lawe5] or favor of the courte suche pson or psons maye appeare by attorney, that in all and evye suche case, the pson or psons so to be impleaded or sued shoulde & myght at the daye and tyme conteyned in the first gees served for his appearaunce, appeare by attorney of the same courte where the gees is returnable, to answere and defende the same, & not be urged to psonall apparance, or to putt in bayle for the answeringe of suche suyte; any former lawe custome or usage to the contrarie notwithstandinge. Be it nowe enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that the same braunche of the said Acte shall extende, and shalbe in?pted expounded and understode to extende, onelye to the naturall subject? borne or to be borne within the dnions of the Quenes Majestie her heires & successors, and to psons made free denizons, and to noe others; any thinge therin conteyned to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

in.

St. 29 Eiiz. c. 5. § 4. as to defendants in suits on penal statutes, shall extend only to subjects and denizens.

1 This clause is annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

2 inform aeons"

3 troble

4 severall

6 leave

StcU. 29 Eliz.

664

31 Elizabeth, c. 11,12.

AJ>. 1588-9.

For confirming proviso in 8 H. VI. c. 9.

No restitution shall be made on indictment for forcible entry, against parties having been three years in possession; which fact may be alleged in stay of restitution, on penalty of costs on failure of proof

For preventing horse stealing;

CHAPTER XL

An Acte for Explanacon or Declaracon of the Statute of Octavo Regis Henrici Sexti, concerninge forcible Entries & the Indictment? therupon to be founde.

WHEREAS there is one good Acte made and established in the eight yere of the raigne of Kinge Henrie the Sixt, againste suche psons as shoulde make forcible entrie into landes tentes and other possessions, or them shoulde forciblie houlde; and one verie good pviso or clause in the saide Acte cou-teyned, as insueth: Provided alwaies, that they whiche keepe their possessioiis withe force in any landes & tent?, whereof they or their ancestors have contynewed their possession in the same by three yeres or more, be not indamaged by force of the saide statute: And whereas divers of the Queues Majesties good and lovinge subject? and their auncestors, or those whose estate they have, for manye yeres together, above the space of three yeres or more, have bene in quyete possession of their dwellinge houses and other their landes and possessions; and no we of late di9se of her Majesties saide subject? havinge entries made upon their possessions, havinge had such quiett and longe possession, for disturbinge of suche entrors, and for keepinge of their possession againste suche enterers, by [cooler!] of indictment? of forcible entrie or forcible kepinge possession founde againste them by meanes of the othes of suche entrors, have bene removed and put out of their dwellinge houses and other their possessions, whiche they have quyetlie held by the space of three yeres together or longer tyme, next before suche indictment? founde againste them; againste the true meanyng and intent of the saide pviso or clause conteyned in the saide Acte: For remedie of whiche inconvenience and for true declaraffin and explanacon of the lawe therein, be it ordeyned declared and inacted by thauthoritie of this pjsenfc Parliament, that no restitucon upon any indictment of forcible entrie, or houldinge withe force, be made to anye pson or psons, yf the pson or psons so indicted hathe had the occupation, or hathe bene in quyett possession, by the space of three whole yeres together, next before the daye of suche indictment so founde, and his her or their estate or estates therein not ended nor determyned; whiche the partie indicted shall and maye alleage for staye of restitucon, and restitucon to staye untill that be tried, yf the other will denye or traverse the same; and if the same allegation be tried againste the same pson or psons so indicted, then the same pson or psons so indicted to paye suche cost? and damag? to the other partie, as shalbe assessed by the judg? or justic? before whome the same shalbe tried, the same cost? and damag? to be recovered and levyed as is usuall for cost? and damag? conteyned in judgment? upon other actions. _

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte to avoyde Horse stealings

Y17 HERAS through most counties of this realms horstealinge is growen so c5mon, as neither in pastures or closes nor hardlie in stables the same are to be in safety from stealinge, whiche ensueth by the redye buyinge

of the same, by horscorsers and others in some open fayres or markettf farr distant from the owner, and withe suche speede as the owner cannot by pursuyte possiblie helpe the same; and sondrie good ordinauncf have heretofore bene made touchinge the manner of sellinge and tolinge of horses mares gildingf and coultf in fayres and markettf, whiche have not wrought soe good effects for the repressinge or avoydinge of horsestealinge as was expected: Nowe, for a further remedy in that behalfe, be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that noe pson after twentie dayes next after thende of this session of Parliament, shall in any fay re or markett sell gyve exchange or put awaye anye horse mare geldinge coulte or fillie, unlesse the tole taker there, or (where noe tole ys payde) the booke keeper baylif or cheef officer of the same fayre or markett, shall and will take upon him pfecte knowledge of the pson that soe shall sell or offer to sell give or exchange any horse mare geldinge coulte or fillie, and of his true Xpen name surname and place of dwellinge or resyancye, and shall enter all the same his knowledge into a booke there kept for sale of horses; or els that he soe sellinge or offeringe to sell give exchange or put awaye anye horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie, shall bringe unto the toltaker or other officer afore-saide of the same fayre or markett, one sufficient and credible pson that can shall or will testifye and declare unto and before suche toltaker booke keeper or other officer, that he knowethe the partie that soe sellethe givethe ex-chaungeth or puttethe awaye suche horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie, and his true name surname mysterie and dwellinge place; and there enter or cause to be entered in the booke of the saide toltaker or officer aswell the true Xpen name and surname mysterie and place of dwellinge or resyancye, of him that soe selleth giveth exchangeth or putteth awaye suche horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie, as of him that soe shall testifye or avouche his knowledge of the same pson, and shall also cause to be entred the verie true price or value that he shall have for the same horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie so soulde; and that noe pson shall take upon him to avouche testifye or declare that he knoweth the partie, that so shall offer to sell give exchange or put awaye any suche horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie, unlesse he doe indeede trulie knowe the same partie, and shall trulie declare to the toltaker or other officer aforesaide aswell the Xpen name surname mysterie and place of dwellinge and resiancy of himselfe, as of him of and for whome he makethe suche testimonye and avouchement; and that noe toltaker or other pson kepinge anye booke of entrie of sales of horses in fayres or markettf, shall take or receve any tole, or make entrie of any sale gifte exchange or puttinge awaye of any horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie, unlesse he knoweth the partie that soe selleth giveth exchangeth or putteth awaye any suche horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie, and his true Xpen name surname misterie and place of his dwellinge or resiancye, or the partie that shall and will testifye and avouche his knowledge of the same pson so sellinge givinge exchanging or puttinge away suche horse mare gildinge coult or fillie, and his true Xpen name surname mysterie and place of dwellinge or resiancy, and shall make a pfecte entrie into the saide booke of suche his knowledge of the pson, and of the name surname mysterie and place of the dwellinge or resiancy of the same pson, and also the true price or value that shalbe bona fide taken or had for anye suche horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie, so soulde given

sellers of hones in furs, &c. shall be known to the toll-taker, Ac. or to some other credible person, and their names, &c. entered in a book there, with the price of the horse, See,

666

31 Elizabeth, c. 12.

A.D. 1588-9.

Note of the sale to be given to the buyer by the toll-taker, &c.

Penalty on all parties for neglect, £5, and the sale declared void.

n.

Justices of peace shall determine offences.

m.

Owner of horse stolen, sold in open fair under regulations of this Act, may redeem the same, on paying the price bona fide given, at any time within six months, on claim before one justice, &c.

exchaunged or put awaye so farr as he canne understande the same; and then give to the partie, so buyinge or takinge by guyfte exchaunge or otherwise suche horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie, requiringe and payinge two pence for the same, a true and pfecte note in writinge of all the full content? of the same subscribed withe his hande: On payne that everie pson that soe shall sell give exchange or put awaye anye horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie, without beinge knowen to the tol taker or other officer aforesaide, or without bringinge suche a voucher or witnes, causinge the same to be entred as aforesaide, and everie pson makinge anye untrue testymonye or avouchement in the behalfe aforesaide, and everie tol taker booke keeper or other officer of fayre or markett aforesaide, offendinge in the pmisses contrarie to the true meanynge aforesaide, shall forfeyte for everie suche defaulte the some of fyve pound?; but also that everie sale guyfte exchange or other puttinge awaye of any horse mare gildinge coulte or fillie, in fayre or market not used in all poynt? accordinge to the true meanings aforesaide, shalbe voyde; thone halfe of all whiche forfeytures to be to the Queues Majestic her heires and successors, and thother halfe to him or them that will sue for the same before the justic? of peace, or in anye her Majesties ordinarie court? of recorde by bill playnte accon of debte or informaoon, in whiche noe essoyne or pteccon shalbe allowed.

And be it further enacted, that the justice of peace of everie place and countie, aswell within liberties as without, shall have authoritie in their sessions, within the lymitt? of their authoritie and comission, to enquire here and determyne all offences againste this statute, as they maye doe any other matter triable before them.

And be it further inacted, that if anye horse mare gelding© coulte or fillie, after twentie dayes next ensuynge thende of this session of Parliament, shalbe stolen, and after shalbe soulde in open fayre or markett, and the same sale shalbe used in all poynt? and circumstaunc? as aforesaide, that yet nevertheles the sale of any suche horse mare geldinge coulte or fillie, within sixe monethes next after the fellonye done, shall not take awaye the gpertie of the owner from whom the same was stolen, so as clayme be made within sixe monethes, by the partie from whom the same was stolen, or by his executors or admynistrators, or by any other by anye of their appoyntment, at or in the town© or parishe where the same horse mare gelding coulte or fillie shalbe founde, before the maior or other hedd officer of the same towne or pishe, yf the same horse mare geldinge coulte or fillie shall happen to be founde in any towne corporate or markett towne, or else before any justice of peace of that countie nere to the place where suche horse mare geldinge coulte or fillie shalbe founde, yf it be out of towne corporat or markett towne, and so as proofe be made within fortye dayes then nexte ensuynge, by twoe sufficient witnesses to be pduced and deposed before suche head officer or justice, who by virtue of this Acte shall have authoritie to mynister an othe in that behalfe, that the gpertie of the same horse mare geldinge coulte or fillie so claymed was in the partie by or for whome suche clayme ys made, and was stollen from him within sixe monethes next before suche clayme of any suche horse geldinge mare coulte or fillie; but that the partie, from whom the saide horse mare geldinge coulte or fillie was stolen, his executors or admynystrators, shall and maye at all tymes after, notwithstanding© any

A.D. 1588-9.

31 Elizabeth, o. 12.

667

gache sale or sales in anye fayre or open markett thereof made, have pperfcie and power to have take agayne and eDjoye the saide horse mare geldinge coulte or fillie, upon payment, or readynes or offer to paye, to the partie that Bha.ll have the possession and interest of the same horse mare geldinge coulte or fillie, yf he will receyve and accepte it, so muche money as the same partie shall depose and swere before suche head officer or justice of peace, whoe by vertue of this Acte shall have autlioritie to mynister and gyve an othe in that behaulfe, that he paide for the same bona fide, without frauds or collusion; any lawe statute or other thinge to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

39 [& 40] ELIZABETH. A.D. 1597. [& 1597-8.]

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT, BEGUN AND HOLDEN at Westminster, on the Twenty-fourth Day of October, In the THIRTY-NINTH Year, and there continued Until and upon the Ninth Day of February next following.

In the FORTIETH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

tfjr ftotulo parliament! tie 3rato regni aFluabetfie ftegme CriceSimomnno. ii

CHAPTER Y.

An Acte for erecting of Hospitallf or abiding and working Howses for the

Poore.

WHEREAS at the last session of Parlyament gvision was made, as well ss Eliz.' c. 7.

V for maymed soldiers by colleccon in every parish, as for other pore, that it should be lawfiill for every pson during twenty yeares next after the rection, r said Parlyamente, by feoffament will in wryting or other assurance, to give extended and bequeath in fee simple aswell to thuse of the pore as for the gvision hospitals, sustentacon or mayntenance of any howse of correccon or abiding howses, or of any stocky or stoares, all or any part of his landf tenement^ or heredita-mentf; her most excellent Majestye understanding and finding that the said good lawe hath not taken such effecte as was intended, by reason that no pson can erecte or incorporate any hospitall houses of correccon or abiding placf, but her Majestye, or by her Highnes specyall license by Ires patent^ under the greate seale of England in that behalfe to be obteyned: Her Majesty,

p It appears by an extract from the Parliament Boll given in the Statutes of the Realm and a foot note (volume 4. p. 889.), that chapters 26, 27. in the Statutes of the Realm are not on the roll, that chapter 26. is reprinted from the edition of the statutes printed by the King's Printers in 1618, usually called RastalTs, the original Act being missing, and that chapter 27. is printed from the original Act. It also appears that chapter 28. in the Statutes of the Realm is numbered differently on the roll.

It is stated in the same note that this statute is always quoted as of the thirty-ninth year of Elizabeth. |

668

39 Elizabeth, c. 5.

A.D. 1597-8.

for twenty-years persons seized of fee simple estates may found hospitals;

which shall be incorporated;

and may take lands, &c. to the value of £200. a year.

May sue and be sued;

shall have a common seal;

graciously affecting the good successe of so good and charitable worckf, and that without often suite unto her Majesty, and with as greate ease and little charge as may be, is of her princely care and blessed disposicion to and for the releife and comforte of maymed soldyers marryners and other pore and ympotent people, pleased and contented that it be enacted by thauctority of this psent Parlyament, and be it enacted by the auctority of this psent Parliament, that all and every pson and psons seised of an estat e in fee simple, their heires executors or assignes at his or their will? and pleasures, shall have full power strength© licence and lawfull auctority, at any tyme during the space of twenty yeares next ensuyng, by deede inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, to erecte founde and establysh one or more hospitalls measons de Dieu abiding plac? or howses of correccon, at his or their will and pleasure, as well for the finding sustentacon and releife of the maymed pore needy or ympotent people, as to set the pore to worcke, to have contynuance forever, and from tyme to tyme to place therein such head and members and such number of pore as to him his heires and assignes shall seeme convenyent; and that the same hospitall? or howses so founded, shalbe incorporated and have ppetuall successions for ever in fact deede and name, and of such bead members and numbers of pore needy maymed or ympotent people as shalbe appointed assigned lymitted or named by the founder or founders, his or their heires executors or assignes, by any suche deede inrolled; and that such hospitall meason de Dieu abiding place or house of correccon, and the psons therein placed, shalbe incorporated named and called by such name as the said founder or founders his heires executors or assignes shall so lyrnit assigne and appoint©; and the same hospitall meason de Dieu abiding place or bowse of correccon so incorporated arid named, shalbe a body corporate and pollitique, and shall by that name of incorporacon have full power authority and lawful! capacity and ability to purchase take hold receive enjoy and have to them and to their successors for ever, as well good? and chattel? as manors landf tent? and hereditament? being freeholde of any pson or psons whatsoever, so that the same exceede not the yearely value of two hundred pound? above all charg? and reprises to any one such abiding house hospitall meason de Dieu, or howse of correccon; and so as the same or any part thereof be not holden of our soveraigne lady the Queene her heires or successors, yrhediately in cheife, or els of our said soveraigne lady the Queene, or any other pson by knight 3vice, without lycense or writ of ad quod dampnu, or the Statute of Mortmayne, or any other statute or lawe to the cont^ry notwithstanding: And that the same hospitall meason de Dieu abiding place or house of correccon, and the psons so being incorporated founded and named, shall have full power and lawfull auctority by the true name of the incorporacon thereof, to sue and be sued, ympleade and to be ympleaded, to aunswere and to be aunswered unto, in all manner of court? and plac? that now are or hereafter shalbe within this realme, as well spuall as temporall, in all manner of suit? whatsoever, and of what nature and kinde soever such suit? or accons be or shalbe: And that the same hospitall meason de Dieu abiding howse or howse of correcffin shall have and enjoy for ever such a comon seale or seales, as by the said founder or founders his or their heires executors or assignes shalbe in wrytinge under his or their hande and seale assigned named or appointed, whereby the same corporaam shall or may seale any manner of

39 Elizabeth, c. 5.

669

instrument towelling the same ineorporacon, and the land? tenement? hereditament? goods or other thing? thereto belonging, or in any wise towching or concerning the same: And further shalbe ordered directed and visited, placed or uppon just cause displaced, by such pson or psons bodies pollitique or corporate, their heires successors or assignes, as shalbe nomynated or assigned by the founder or founders thereof, their heires or assignes, according to such rules statute and ordinance as shalbe set forth made devised or establyshed by the said founder; or founders their heires or assignes, in writing under his or their hande and seale, not being repugnant or contay to the lawes and statute of this realme; any law statute custome usage or other thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And that it shalbe lawfull unto the founder or founders his and their heires or assignes, uppon the death or removing of any head or member of any such corporation, to place one other in the roome of him that dyeth or is removed successively for ever.

Provided alwayes, that all leases graunt? conveyance or estate to be made by any oorporacon so to be founded as aforesaid, exceeding the number of xxj yeares, and that in possession, and whereuppon the accustomable yearely rente or more, by the greater part of twenty yeares next before the making of such lease, shall not be reserved and yearely payable, shalbe void.

Savyng to all psons bodyes politicke and corporate their heires and successors, (other then the founders and gyvers their heires and successors,) all such'right title clayme possession rente §vic? comons demaund? interest and pfitte which they or any of them shall have, or of right ought to have, of in or to any the land? tenement? or hereditament? hereafter to be given lymitted or assigned in forme aforesaid, in as ample manner as yf this statute had never bene had or made.

Provided also, that this Act or any thing therein conteyned shall not extende to enable any pson or psons being within age, weemen covert without their husband?, or of not sane memorie, to make any such corporation, or to endow the same; any thing in this psent Act to the confoy thereof in any wyse notwithstanding.

(1) Provided alwayes, that no such hospitall maison de Dieu abiding place or howse of correccon shalbe erected founded or incorporated by force of this Acte, unles uppon the foundation or erecam thereof the same be endowed for ever with land? tent? or hereditament? of the clere yearely value of ten pound? by the yeare.

Provided also and be it further enacted, that no such ineorporacon to be founded by force of this Acte, shall at any tyme hereafter doe or suffer to be don any acte or thing whereby or by meanes whereof any of the land? tenement? hereditament? stocke good? or chattels of such ineorporacon, or any estate interest possession or ppty of or in the same or any of them, shalbe vested or t*nsferred in or to any other whatsoever, cont*ry to the true meaning of this Acte; and that such construction shalbe made uppon this Acte as shalbe most beneficyall and avayleable for the maynten»nce of the pore, and for repressing and avoyding of all act? and devic? to be invented or put in ure con^ry to the true meaning of this Act.

1 The two following provisoes are annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

shall be ordered and visited as appointed by the founder.

Founder, Ac. may supply vacancies.

II.

Leases by such hospitals for twenty-one years only.

m.

General saving for titles of strangers.

IV. Act not to authorise infants, &c.

V.

Hospitals shall be endowed with at least £10. a year.

VL

Hospitals shall not alienate their possessions, &c.

43 [& 44] ELIZABETH. AD. 1601.

Churchwardens and others shall be yearly named overseers of the poor;

to set poor children, &c. to work;

and to raise a stock for that purpose;

and money for relief of impotent poor; and for apprenticing children;

Shall meet monthly;

670

AJ>. 1601.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

BEGUN AND HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE TWENTY-SEVENTH DAY OF

October, in the FORTY-THIRD Year, and there continued

UNTIL AND UPON THE NINETEENTH Day OF DECEMBER NEXT FOLLOWING,

In the FORTY-FOURTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH. (*)

<&X ftotulo ^parliament! be anno regm 4Pltjabet&t negtite, ctiatJraseSlmo4ertto.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for the Releife of the Poore.

T>EE it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that the church-wardens of everie parish, and fower three or two substanciall housholders there as shalbe thought© meete, havyng respecte to the gporcon and greatnes of the same parishe [or2] parishes, to be nolated yearelie in Easter weeke or within one monethe after Easter, under the hande and seale of two or more justices of the peace in the same countie, whereof one to be of the quog, dwellinge in or neere the same parishe or division where the same parishe doth lie, shalbe called overseers of the poore of the same parishe: And they or the greater parte of them shall take order from tyme to tyme, by and withe the consent of two or more suche justices of peace as is aforesaide, for set-tinge to worke of the children of all suche whose parentes shall not by the saide churchwardens and overseers or the greater parte of them bee thoughte able to keepe and maintaine theire children; and alsoe for settinge to worke all such psons maried or unmaried havinge no meanes to maintaine them, use no ordinarie and dailie trade of lief to get their livinge by; and also to raise weekelie or otherwise, by taxacon of e9y inhabitant parson vicar and other, and of e9y occupier of landes houses tithes impropriate or propriacSns of tythes, colemynes or saleable underwoods, in the saide .parishe in such competent sume and sumes of money as they shall thincke fytt, a convenient stock© of flaxe hempe wooll threed iron and other necessarie ware and stufle to sett the poore on worke; and alsoe competent sumes of money for and towardes the necessarie releife of the lame impotent© olde blinde and suche other amonge them beinge poore and not able to work, and alsoe for the puttinge out of suche children to be apprentices, to be gathered out of the same parishe according© to the abilitie of the same parishe; and to doe and execute all other thing? aswell for the disposinge of the saide stocks as otherwise conSninge the pmisses as to them shall seeme convenient: Which© saide churchwardens and overseers soe to be nolated, or suche of them as shall not be lett by sicknes or other juste excuse to be allowed by two suche justices of peace or more as is aforesaide, shall meete together at the leaste once everie monethe in the churche of the saide parishe, upon the Sunday in

1 The statute of this year has in all printed copies been entitled 43 Elis. {Chapters 17-19. in the Statutes of the Realm are not on the roll, but are printed from the original Acts in the Parliament Office.] 1 and 0.

43 Elizabeth, c. 2.

671

the afternoon© after divine service, there to consider of some good coarse to be taken and of some meete order to be set downe in the |Jmysses, and shall within fouer daies after the ende of their yeare and after other o9seers n5iated as aforesaide, make and yeelde up to suche two justices of peace as is aforesaide a true and pfect accounts of all sumes of money by them receaved, or rated and sessed and not received, and also of suche stocke as shalbe in theire handes or in the handes of any of the poore to worke, and of all other things conSninge their saide office; and suche sume or sumes of money as shalbe in theire handes shall pay and deliver over to the saide churchwardens and overseers ne^vlie noiated and appointed as aforesaide; upon payne that everie one of them absentinge themselves withoute lawfull cause as is aforesaide from such monethlie meeting© for the p'pose aforesaide, or beinge negligent in theire office or in the execucon of the orders aforesaide, being made by and withe the assent of the saide justices of peace or any two of them before mendoned, to forfeit© for everie suche default© of absence or negligence twentie shilling

And be it alsoe enacted, that if the saide justices of peace doe pceive that the inhabitant^ of any parish© are not able to levie amonge themselves sufficient sumes of money for the purposes aforesaide, that then the saide two justices shall and may taxe rate and assesse as aforesaide any other of other parishes, or out© of any parishe within the hundred where the saide parishe is, to pay such sume and sumes of money to the churchwardens and overseers of the saide poore parishe for the saide prposes, as the saide justices shall think© fytt, according© to the intent of this law: And if the saide hundred shall not be thoughte to the saide justices able and fitt to releive the saide seVall parishes not able to pvide for themselves as aforesaide, then the justices of peace at theire gefiall quarter sessions, or the greater number of them, shall rate and assesse as aforesaide any other of other parishes, or out of any parishe within the said countie, for the proses aforesaide, as in their discrecion shall seeme fitt. And that it shall be lawfull aswell for the psent as subsequent churchwardens and overseers or any of them, by warrant from any two suche justices of peace as is aforesaide, to levie aswell the saide sumes of money, and all arrerages, of e9y one that shall refuse to contribute according© as they shalbe assessed, by distresse and sale of the offendors goodes, as the sumes of money or stocke whiche shalbe behinde upon any accompte to be made as aforesaide, rendringe to the parties the o9plus; and in defecte of such distresse it shalbe lawfull for any suche two justices of the peace to comitt hym or them to the comon gaole of the countie, there to remains without baile or mainprise untill payment of the said sume arrerages and stocke: {Rep., 12 & 13 Vict. c. 14. s. 2.J And the saide justices of peace or any Q of them to sende to the house of correction or comon gaole suche as shall not employ themselves to worke, beinge appoynted thereunto as aforesaide: And also any two suche justices of peace to edmitt to the saide prison e9y one of the saide churchewardens and overseers whiche shall refuse to accompt, there to remaine without baile or maineprise untill he have made a true accompte and satisfied and paid© soe much as upon the saide accompt shall be remayninge in his handes.

And be it further enacted that it shalbe lawfull for the saide churchwardens and overseers, or the greater parte of them, by the assent of any two justices

and shall account yearly, and pay over balance in hand s

Penalty for absence or neglect, 20s.

II.

Justices may make rates in aid of parishes not able to relieve their own poor.

Overseers may levy rates and arrears, &c. by distress, &c.

Justices may commit persons refusing to work;

and overseers refusing to account, &c.

m.

Overseers may bind poor

672

43 Elizabeth, c. 2.

A.D. 1601.

children

apprentices.

IV.

Overseers may, with consent of lord of manor, build houses on the waste for the impotent poor;

and place inmates there; see 31 Elis, e. 7.

V.

Appeal against rates, &c. to the quarter sessions.

VI.

Poor shall be maintained by their parents or children: Penalty 20s. per month.

vn.

Authority of officers in corporations;

of the peace aforesaide, to binde any suche children as aforesaide to be

apprentices, where they shall see convenient, till suche man childe shall come

to the age of fower and twentie yeares, and suche woman childe to the age

of one and twenty yeares, or the tyme of her manage; the same to be as

effectuall to all prposes as if suche childe were of full age, and by indenture

of covenant bounde hym or her selfe. {So much of this Act as com pels any person to receive any poor child as an apprentice, rep., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 101. s. 13.J

And to the intent that necessarie places of habitacon may more convenientlie be pvided for suche poore impotent people, be it enacted by the authorise aforesaide, that it shall and may be lawfull for the saide churchewardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, by the leave of the lorde or lordes of the mannour whereof any waste or comon within theire parishe is or shalbe parcell, and upon agreement before withe hym or them made in writinge under the handes and seales of the saide lorde or lordes, or otherwise according to any order to be set downe by the justices of peace of the saide countie at their generall quarter sessions, or the greater parte of them, by like leave and agreement of the said lorde or lordes in writinge under his or theire handes and seales, to erecte builde or sett up in fyt and convenient places of habitacon in suche waste or comon, at the geSall chardges of the parishe or otherwise of the hundred or countie as aforesaide, to be taxed rated and gathered in manner before expssed, convenient howses of dwellings for the said impotent poore, and alsoe to place inmates or more families then one in one cottage or house; one Acte made in the one and thirtiethe yeare of her Majesties riegne, intituled An Acte against the erectinge and mayntaininge of cottages, or any thinge therein conteined, to the contrarie notwithstandinge; whiche cottages and places for inmates shall not at any tyme after be used or employed to or for any other habitacon, but onely for impotent and poore of the same parishe, that shalbe there placed from tyme to tyme by the churchwardens and overseers of the poore of the same parishe, or the moete parte of them; upon the paines and forfeitures contained in the saide former Acte made in the saide one and thirtiethe yeare of her Majesties raigne.

Provided alwaies, that if any pson or psons shall finde themselves grieved withe any sesse or taxe or other acte done by the said churchwardens and other psons, or by the saide justices of peace, that then it shall be lawfull for the justices of peace at theire generall quarter sessions, or the greater number of them, to take suche order therein as to them shalbe thoughte convenient, and the same to conclude and bynde all the saide parties.

And be it further enacted, that the father and grandfather, and the mother and grandmother, and the children, of everie poore olde blinde lame and impotente pson, or other poore pson not able to worke, beinge of a sufficient abilitie, shall at their owne chardges releive and maintaine everie suche poore pson, in that manner and accordinge to that rate, as by the justices of the peace of that countie, where suche sufficient psons dwell, or the greater number of them, at their geSall quarter sessions shalbe assessed; upon paine that everie one of them shill forfeit© twentie shilling^ for e9ie monethe whiche they shall faile therein. {Rep, 31 & 32 Vict. c. 122 s. 36

And be it further herebie enacted, that the maiors bailifs or other head officers of everie towne and: place corporate and citie within this mime, beinge justice or justices of peace, shall have the same autlioritie by vertue of

43 Elizabeth, c. 2.

673

this Acte within the limits and pcincts of their jurisdiccons, as well out of sessions as at theire sessions, if they hould any, as is herein limited pscribed and appointed to justices of the peace of the countie, or any two or more of them, or to the justices of peace in their quarter sessions, to doe and execute for all the uses and p*poses in this Acte pscribed, and noe other justice or justices of peace to enter or meddle there; and that everie alderman and of of the citie of London within his warde shall and may doe and execute in j^don. everie respecte so muche as is appointed and allowed by this Acte to be done and executed by one or two justices of peace of any countie within this realme.

And be it also enacted, that if it shall happen any parishe to extend it selfe vm. into more counties then one, or part to lie within the lifeties of any citie towne or place corporate, and parte without, that then as well the justices of the »to peace of e9ye countie as also the heade officers of suche citie towne or place liberUeB* corporate, shall deale and entermeddle onelie in soe muche of the saide parishe as liethe within their lifeties, and not any further; and everie of them respectivelie within their se9all limyts wardes and jurisdicams to execute the ordinances before mentioned, conceminge the noyacion of o9seers, the consent to bindings apprentices, the giving warrants to levie taxaSSns unpaide, the takinge accompte of churchwardens and overseers, and the comittinge to prison suche as refuse to accompte, or deny to pay the arrerages due upon theire accomptes; and yet ne9theles, the said churchewardens and o9seers, or the moste parte of them of the saide parishes that doe extends into suche se9all limits and jurisdiccons, shall withoute dividinge themselves, dulie execute their office in all places within the saide parishe in all thinges to them belongings, and shall dulie exhibite and make one accompte before the saide head officer of the towne or place corporate, and one other before the saide justices of peace, or any such two of them as is aforesaide.

And further be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that if in any place IX. within this realme there happen to be hereafter no suche noiacon of overseers yearlie as is before appoynted, that then everie justice of peace of the countie, for neglect in dwellinge within the division where suche defaulte of noiacon shall happen, ovM^re,g£5. and everie maior alderman and head officer of dtie towne or place corporate where such defaulte shall happen, shall lose and forfeit for e9ye suche defaulte five pounde; to be imployed towardes the releife of the poore of the saide parishe or place corporate, and to be levied as aforesaide of their goodes by warrant from the general! sessions of the peace of the saide countie, or of the same citie * towne or place corporate if they keepe sessions. {So much of this Act as renders the mayor, alderman, and head officer of any city, town, or place corporate liable, upon the default of the nomination of overseers therein, to lose and forfeit for every such default five pounds, rep., 12 & 13 Vict c. 8. s. 2., subject to a proviso in s. 4., that the repealing Act shall not apply to the city of London, nor to any of the parishes therein, nor to the appointment of the overseers of any parish, township, or place where such appointment is regulated by any local Act.]

And be it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that all penalties and X. forfeitures, before mencioned in this Acte to be forfeited by any pson or psons, of

shall goe and be employed to the use of the poore of the same parishe, and penalties, towards a stocke and habitacon for them, and other necessarie uses and releife, as before in this Acte are mencoed and expssed; and shalbe levied by the saide churchewardens and overseers, or one of them, by warrant from any two

u u

A

L

43 Elizabeth, c. 2, 4.

AJ). 1601.

XVHL General issue may be pleaded in actions for distresses, &c. under this Act

Lands, money, &c. ^Ten for certain

charitable uses, not duly employed:

suche justices of peace, or maior alderman or head officer of citie towne or place corporate respectivelie within their severaJl limits, by distresse and sale thereof as aforesaide, or in defecte thereof it shalbe lawfoll for any two suche justices of peace, and the saide aldermen and head officers, within their se9all limits, to comit the offender to the saide prison, there to remain© without baile or maineprise till the saide forfeitures shalbe satisfied and paide.

And be it further enacted, that if any action of trespas or other suite shall happen to be attempted and brought© againste any pson or psons, for t&kinge of any distresse makinge of any sale or any other thinge doinge by authorise of this lisente Acte, the defendant or defendants in any suche action or suite shall and may either pleade not guiltie, or otherwise make avowrie cognisance or justification, for the taking© of the saide [distresses*] makinge of sale or other thinge doinge by vertue of this Acte; alleaginge in suche avowrie cognisance or justificaam that the saide distresse sale trespas or other thinge whereof the plaintife or plaintifs complained, was done by authorise of this Acte, and accordinge to the tenor prporte and effect© of this Acte, withoute any exposing© or rehearsall of any other matter of circumstance contained in this psente Acte; to which avowrie cognisance or justificacon the plaintife shalbe admitted to replie, that the defendant did take the saide distresse, made the said sale, or did any other acte or trespas supposed in his declaration, of his owne wronge, without any suche cause alleaged by the saide defendant; whereupon the issue in everie such action shal be joyned, to be tried by verdict of twelve men and not otherwise, as is accustomed in other psonall accons: And upon the triall of that issue the whole matter to be given on bothe parties in evidence accordinge to the verie truethe of the same; and after such issue tried for the defendant, or nonsuit of the plaintife after appearance, the same defendant to recover treble damages, by reason of his wrongfull vexacon in that behalfe, withe his costs also in that parte susteyned, and also that to be assessed by the same jurie or writt to enquire of the damages, as the same shall require.

# # # t t

CHAPTER 17.

An Acte to redresse the Misemployment of Landes Goodes and Stockes of Money heretofore given to Charitable Uses.

WHEREAS (2) landes tenement? rentes annuities gfittes hereditamentes, goodes chattels money and stockes of money, have bene heretofore given limitted appointed and assigned, as well by the Queenes moste excellent Majestie and her moste noble progenitors, as by sondrie other well disposed psons, some for releife of aged impotent and poore people, some for maintenance of sicke and maymed souldiers and marriners, schooles of learninge, free schooles and schollers in uni9sities, some for repair© of bridges portes havens causwaies churches seabankes and highewaies, some for educacon and pfermente of orphans, some for or towardes relief© stocke or maintenance for howaes of correccon, some for manages of poore maides, some for supportaoon ayde and help© of younge tradesmen, handiecraftesmen and psons decayed, and others

675

for releife or redemption of prisoners or captives, and for aide or ease of any poore inhabitant? conSninge payments of fifteenes, settinge out of souldiers and other taxes; which© landes tenements rents annuities gfitts hereditaments goodes chattells money and stockes of money n©9theles have not byn imployed according© to the charitable intente of the givers and founders thereof by reason of fraudes breaches of trust© and negligence in those that shoulde pay delyver and imploy the same: Fob redress© and remedie whereof, be it enacted Lord chancel by aucthoritie of this psente Parliament, that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the lorde chaunoellor or keeper of the great© seale of Englande for the rionstobUhope, tyme beinge, and for the chauncellor of the dutchie of Lancaster for the tyme ^ being© for landes within the countie palatine of Lancaster, from tyme to tyme cation of to award comissions under the great seale of Englande, or the seale of the ^da; countie palatine as the case shall require, into all or any parte or partes of oomn^* this realm© respectivelie, according to their se9all jurisdiccons as aforesaide, to SJury make the bishoppe of everie se9all diocesse and his chancellor, in case there shalbe any bishoppe of that diocesse at the tyme of awardinge of the same oomissions, &c * and to other psons of good and sounde behavior, authorisinge them therebie, or any fower or more of them, to inquire, as well by the oathes of twelve lawfull men or more of the countie as by all other good and lawfull waies and menes, of all and singular such giftes limitacons assignements and appoyntments aforesaide, and of the abuses breaches of trustes negligences mysimploimentes, not imployinge concealing© defrauding© misconvertinge or misgovememente, of any landes tenementes rentes annuities profits hereditaments goods chattels money [andl] stockes of money heretofore given limitted appointed or assigned, or whiche hereafter shalbe given limitted appointed or assigned [assigned*], to or for any the charitable and godlie uses before rehearsed: And after the saide comissioners or any fower or more of them, upon calling© the parties intessed in any suche landes tenement? rentes anuities profits hereditaments goodes chattels money and stockes of money, shall make inquirie by the oathes of twelve men or more of the saide countie, whereunto the saide parties interessed shall and maye have and take their lawfull challenge and challenges; and upon suche inquiry hearinge and exalynge thereof set downe suche orders judgments and decrees, as the saide landes tenements rents annuities gfits goods chattels money and stockes of money may be duelie and faithfullie imployed, to and for suche of the charitable uses and intents before rehearsed respectivelie, for whiche they were given limitted assigned or appointed by the donors and founders thereof:

Whiche orders judgements and decrees, not beinge conWie or repugnante to the orders statutes or decrees of the donora or founders, shall by the authoritie of this psente Parliament© stand firm© and good according© to the tenor and purport© thereof, and shalbe executed accordinglie, untill the same shalbe undon or altered by the lorde chancellor of Englande or lorde keeper of the greate seale of Englande, or the chauncellor of the countie palatine of Lancaster, respectivelie within their severall jurisdiccons, upon complaint© by any partie grieved, to be made to them.

Provided alwaies, that neither this Acte, nor any thing© therein conteined, n. shall in any wise extende to any landes tenements rents anuities profits - * — — ..... ..... — * ----- cattodnls, See.

An erroneous repetition on the ro//. — 0. omits.

UTJ 2

676

43 Elizabeth, c. 4.

A.D. 1601.

m.

Not to extend to corporations,&c. where there are special governors and visitors.

IV. Saving of the jurisdiction of the ordinary.

y.

Possessors of the revenues shall not be commissioners.

VL Proviso for purchasers without notice.

vn.

Becompence against trustees making sale.

vm.

Proviso for estates vested in the Crown.

EL Unless where such estates are

goods chattels money or stockes of money, given limitted appointe or assigned, or whiche shalbe given limitted appointed or assigned, to any colledge hall or howse of leaminge within the univsities of Oxforde or Cambridge, or to the colledges of Westmynster Eaton or Winchester, or any of them, or to any cathedrall or collegiate churche within this realme.

And pvided alsoe, that neither this Acte nor any thinge therein shall extende to any citie or towne corporate, or to any the landes or tenements given to the uses aforesaide within any suche citie or towne corporate, where there is a speciall governor or governors, appointed to goveme or directe suche landes tenements or things disposed to any the uses aforesaide; neither to any colledge hospitall or free schoole whiche have spiall visitors or govemours or o9seers appointed them by their founders.

Provided also and be it enacted by the authorise aforesaide, that neither this Acte nor any thinge therein contained shalbe any way pjudiciall or hurtfull to the jurisdiction or power of the ordinarie; but that he may lawfullie in everie cause execute and pforme the same as thoughe this Acte had ne? bene bad or made.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted, that noe pson or psons, that hathe or shall have any of the saide landes tenements rents annuities profits hereditaments goods chattels money or stockes of money in his bands or possession, or dothe or shall ptende title thereunto, shall bee named a comyssioner or a juror for any the causes aforesaide, or beinge named shall execute or serve in the same.

And provided alsoe, that no pson or psons whiche hathe purchased or obteyned, or shall purchase or obteyne, upon valuable consideracon of money or lande, any estate or in?este, of in to or out of any landes tenements rents annuities hereditaments goods dr chattels that have bene or shalbe given limitted or appointed to any the charitable uses above mencioned, withoute fraude or covyn, havynge no notice of the same charitable use, shall not be impeached by any decrees or orders of comissioners above mencioned for or conSnynge the same his estate or interests

And yet ne9thelesse be it enacted, that the saide comissioners, or any fower or more of them, shall and may make decrees and orders for recompense to be made by any pson or psons whoe, beinge put in truste or havynge notice of the charitable uses above mencoed, hathe or shall breake the same truste, or defraude the same uses, by any conveiance gifte graunte lease demise release or con9sion whatsoe9, and againste the heires executors and admynistrators of hym them or any of them, havynge assettes in law or equitie, soe fame as the same assettes will extende.

Provided alwaies, that this Acte shall not extende to give power or authority to any comissioners before mentioned to make any orders judgments or decrees for or conSnynge any mannors lands tenements or other hereditaments assured conveied graunted or come unto the Queenes Majestic, (1) to the late Kinge Henrie the Eighte, Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, or Queene Marie, by Acte of Parliament surrender exchange relinquishemente escheaie attainder conveiance or otherwise.

And yet ne^thelease be it enacted, that if any suche mannors landes tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, or any estate rente or pfitte

±3 Eliza reth, c. 4, 5.

677

thereof or oate of the same or any parte thereof, have or bathe byn given granted limitted appointed or assigned to or for any the charitable uses before exposed, at anye tyme sithenee the begynnynge of her Majesties reigne, that then the saide comissioners or any fower or more of them shall and maye, as conSninge the same lands tenements hereditaments estate rente or pfit soe given limitted appointed or assigned, poede to enquire and to make orders judgements and decrees acoordinge to the pporfce and meanings of this Acte as before is mentioned: The saide last (* ) proviso notwithstanding©.

And be it farther enacted, that all orders judgments and decrees of the saide comissioners, or of any fower or more of them, shalbe certified under the scales of the saide comissioners or any fower or more of them, either into the Courte of the Cbauncerie of Englande, or into the Courte of the Chaunoerie within the oountie palatine of Lancaster, as the case shall require respectivelie acoordinge to their se9all jurisdiccons, within suche conveniente tyme as shalbe limitted in the saide comissions; and that the saide lorde chancellor or lorde keeper, and the saide chauncellor of the duchie, shall and maye, within their saide aeverall jurisdiccons, take suche order for the due execuam of all or any of the saide judgments decrees and orders as to either of them shall seeme fit and convenient: And that if after any such Stificate or Stifioattf made any pson or psons shall fynde themselves grieved withe any of the saide orders judgments or decrees, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for them or anie of them to complaine in that behalfe unto the saide lorde ohanoellor or lorde keeper, or to the chancellor of the saide duohie of Lancaster, acoordinge to their sever all jurisdiccons, for redresse therein; and that upon suohe complainte the saide lorde chancellor or lorde keeper, or the saide ohanoellor of the duchie may, acoordinge to their saide severall jurisdiofims, by suohe course as to their wisedomes shall seeme meeteste, the circumstances of the case considered, pceede to the exalacon hearing© and determynynge thereof; and upon hearinge thereof shall and may adnull dymynishe alter or enlarge the saide orders judgments and decrees of the saide oomyssioners, or any fower or more of them, as to either of them, in their saide se9all jurisdictions, shalbe thought© to stande withe equitie and good conscience, acoordinge to the true intente and meaning© of the donors and fownders thereof; and shall and may tax© and awarde good costes of suite by their discrec&ns agoiuste such psons as they shall fynde to complaine unto them, without juste and sufficient cause, of the orders judgments and decrees before menc&ed.

ohantwt I Ktii.

X.

Order* of the oommiatloaert ball be certified into Chancer;, Ac. and examined and may be altered there on appeal.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte to pvent Pjurie* and subomac&n of Pjurie, and unnecessarie

Expences in Suites of Lawe.

WHEREAS, within divers cities and townee corporate and other places within this realme of Englande and the Anions thereof, there are jurisdiccons customes and privileges to holde plea in actions of depte and other accons plaints and suites betwene partie and partie; and divers of liar Majesties subjects doe daylie commence many acffin* plaints and suites in the saide cities townee corporate and places, according© to the jurfsdiu/tf us customs* and privileges of the saide places; and many defendant? in actions plaints anil

1 mencbaed O.

Writ* to motor* <

from taMor rouru into coorUntWci

b* srvnd, ksffere the Jsrjr sw*tr»io Che inferior court.

678

48 Elizbabeth, c. 5, 6.

A.D. 1601.

Penalty on sheriffis, &c. summoning or arresting parties, 'without warrant of writ or process, £10, and damages to the party, and

suites there broughte and comenced will suffer the said accons plaints and suites there broughte and commenced to be gceeded in and psecuted there, untill the cause betweene the plaintife and them be at issue, and the jurie sworae and evidence given in on the plaintifes parte, before the saide defendant will deliver, into the courte where the said actions plaintes or suites are to bee tried, writs formerlie sued for the by them to remove the cause there dependinge into some one or other of her Majesties conrtes of recorde at Westm; whiche keepinge backe of the saide writ is done by the defendant, to noe other purpose or intente but to put the parties plaintife to as greate charges and expenses as they the saide defendants can, and to know what proofes the parties plaintife can make for the proovynge of their issue; wherebie the defendants that sued for the the saide writs may have longer tyme to fumishe themselves with some false witnesse to impugne those proofes whiche the plaintife have openlie made by their witnesses and proofes; which is a great cause of peijurie and subomacon of peijurie, and greate expenses to the plaintife: For remedie whereof, be it enacted by fee Queenes moste excellent Majestie, the lordes spuall and temporall and fee comons in this psente Parliamente assembled, and by the authoritie of fee same, that from and after the ende of this psent session of Parliament, feat no writ or writs of habeas corpus, or any other writ or writs sued for the or to be sued forth by any pson or psons whatsoe9 out of any of her Majesties courts of recorde at Westm, to remove any action suite plainte or cause dependinge or to be dependinge in any courte or oourtes within any dtie or town© corporate or elsewhere, whiche have or shall have jurisdiction power or authoritie to holde plea in any action plainte or suite, shalbe received or allowed, by the judge or judges or officer or officers of the courte or conrtes wherein or to whome any suche writ or writs shalbe delivered, but that he and they shall and may pceede in the saide cause and causes readie to be tried, as thoughe no such writ or writs were sued for the or delivered to hym or them, excepte (1) the saide writ or writs be defined, to the judge or judges officer or officers of the saide courte, before that the jurie which is to trie fee cause in question, betweene the partie or parties plaintifes and the parties or partie that sued for the the saide writ or writs, or for whose benefit the saide writ or writs is or shalbe sued foorthe, have appeared and one of the said jurie, swome to trie the saide cause.

CHAPTER VL

An Acte to avoide trifling and frivolous Suites in Law in her Majesties Courtes

at Westm.

FOR avoidinge the infinyte number of small and triflinge suites commenced or gsecuted against© sundrie her Majesties good and lovynge subjects in her Highnes courts at Westm, (whiche by the due course of fee lawes of this realme oughte to be determyned in inferiour courts in fee countrey,) to the intolerable vexacon and charge of her Highnes subjectes; be it enacted by the authoritie of this psente Parliament, if any sheriffe,

48 Elizabeth, c. 6, 8.

679

under aheriffe, or other pson having© authoritie or takinge upon hym to bre&ke writs, after fortie daies nexte after the ende of this session of Parliament, doe make any warrant© for the sumons of any psone, as upoo any writ process© or suite, or for the arrest© or attachinge of any pson or psons by his or their bodie or goodes, to appear© in any her Majesties courtes at Westm or elsewhere, (not havynge before that the originall writ or pcesse warranting© the same,) that then, upon complaint© thereof made to the justices of assise of the countie where the same offence shal be comitted, or to the judges of the court© oute of whiche the processe issued, not onlie the paxtie that made such© warrant, but all* those that were the gcurers thereof, shall be sente for before the same judges or justices by attachments or otherwise as the same judges or justices shall thinke good and allow of and be examyned thereof upon their oathes; and if the same offence be confessed by the same offenders or proved by sufficient witnesses to the satisfaction of the same judges or justices, that then the same judges or justices, that shall soe examyne the same, shall foorthwithe by force of this Acte comytt e9y the same offenders to the gaole of the countie or courte where the same shall be examyned, there to remains without baile or maine-prise, untill suche tyme as they amongest them have fullie satisfied and paide unto the partie grieved by suche warrant© not onelie the sume of tenne pownds of lawfull English© money, but alsoe all suche costes and damages as the same judges or justices shall set downe that the same partie hathe susteyned therebie; and withall twentie pounds a peece for their offence to her Majestie.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, if upon any action psonall to be brought© in any her Majesties courts at Westm, not being© for any title or in?este of landes, nor conSnynge the freeholde or inheritance of any land?, nor for any batterie, it shall appeare to the judges for the same courte, and soe signyfied or set downe by justices before whome the same shalbe tryed, that the debte or damages to be recoded therein in the same courte shall not amount© to the sume of fortie shilling? or above, that in everie suche case the judges and justices, before whome any suche action shalbe pursued, shall not awarde for costes to the partie plaintife any greater or more cost© then the sume of the debte or damages soe recovered shall amount© unto, but lesse at their discrerons; {Rep. so far as relates to costs in actions of trespass, or trespass on the case, 3 & 4 Vict. c. 24. s. l.J.............

£20 to the King.

XL

No more costs than damages in personal actions, except for batteries, in superior courts, where less than 40 8. is recovered.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte againste fraudulent admynistracon of Intestates Goodes.

TpORASMUCH as it is often put in ure, to the defraudinge of creditors, Frtadolent that suche psons as are to have the admynistracon of the goodes of others dyinge intestate comytted unto them if they require it, will not accepte creditors, the same, but suffer or peure the admynistracon to be graunted to some straunger of meane estate, and not of kynne to the intestate, from whome themselves or others by their meanes do take deedes of giftes and authorities by letter of attorney, wherbie they obtaine the state of the intestate into their bandes, and yet stande not subjecte to pay any depbtes owinge by the same

680

. 43 Elizabeth, c. 8.

A.D. 1601.

Fraudulent administrator shall be charged as executor of his Own wrong;

allowing him all just payments, &c.

intestate, and soe the creditonrs for lacke of knowledge of the place of hahi-taSm of the admynistrator canot arreste him nor sue him, and if they fortune to fynde hym oute yet for lacke of abilitie in hym to satisfie of his ovne goodes the value of that he hathe conveied awaie of the intestates goodes, or released of his debts by waie of wastinge, the creditours cannot have or recover their juste and due debts; be it enacted by authorise of this psente Parliamente, that everie pson and psons that hereafter shall obtains receive or have any goodes or debtes of any psone dyinge intestate, or a release or other discharge of any debte or dutie that belonged to the intestate, upon any fraude as is aforesaide, or withoute such valuable consideracon as shall amount© to the value of the same goodes and debtes or neere thereabout©, excepte it be in or towardes satisfaccon of sume juste and principal depte of the value of the same goodes or deptes to him owinge by the intestate at the tyme of his decease, shalbe charged and chargeable as executour of his owne wronge, and soe farre onelie as all suche goodes and deptes, oomynge to his handes or whereof he is released or discharged by suche administrator, will satisfie; deductinge neverthelesse to and for hymselfe allowance of all juste due and principall depte upon good consideracon withoute fraude owinge to hym by the intestate at the tyme of his decease, and of all other payments made by hym, whiche lawful executors or admynistrators may and oughte to have and pay by the lawes and statutes of this realm©.

STATUTES OF KING JAMES THE FIRST.

1 [& 2] JAMES I. A.D. 1603-4. & 1604.

STATUTES made in the PARLIAMENT, Begun and holden at Westminster, on the Nineteenth Day of March, in the FIRST Yeas,

AND THERE CONTINUED UNTIL AND UPON THE SEVENTH Day

of July next following, In the SECOND Year of the Reign of

K. JAMES, 1.0

<£jr a&otttlo be anno regrtt Stacobt ftegte

&nglie &(otfr jfrantfe 1 $riino.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte againste the Diminution of the Possessions of Archbishoprickes and Bishoprickes, and for avoydinge of Dilapidations of the same.

Bishopricks, &c. founded by the Crown:

WHEREAS all the archbishoprickes and bishoprickes within this realme of England© were in ancient tymes founded by his Majesties moste noble progenitours, Kinges of this realme, and in respect© thereof his Majestie

1 This statute has in some printed copies been entitled as of the first, and in others of the second, year of this King's reign. The second year of the King's reign began five days after the Parliament commenced:........

681

is lawfull and rightfull patrons of all and everie of the same, and where also by the lawes and statutes of this realms no archbishop or bishoppe can make any conveiance assurance or estate whatsoever of any honors castles mannors landes tenement? or hereditament?, parcell of the possessions of his arch-bishopricke or bishopricke, or united apperteyning or belongings to any of the same, to any subjects whatsoe9, wherebie any estate should or mights passe from any archbishoppe or bishop, other then for term of one and twentie yeres or three lives, with such reservations of rent, and in such manner and forme as by the lawes and statutes are provided; his moste excellent Majestie understanding that divers persons have with greate suite and importunitie sought to frustrate the true end and intents of the saide good lawes and statutes in that behalf, of his Christian and princelie pietie and care, mindinge soe to patronize and protects the saide possessions from alienation or diminution, as that the same may accordinge to the true intent of the founders remaine and continue in succession to the archbishops and bishops of this realme and theire successours, for the better maintenance of Gods true religion, keepinge of hospitalitie, and avoidinge of dilapidations, and therebie for ever hereafter to avoide all suites and importunities for or concerninge any of the saide possessions, hathe oute of his owne meere and godlie motion, and of his blessed disposition for the publicke good, without all regarde of any private respecte vouchsafed, and is pleased that it maye be enacted and established by his Majestie, by and with the assent of the lordes spirituall and temporall and the comons in this present Parliament assembled, and be it enacted and established by authorise of the same, that every archbishoppe and bishoppe within this realme, and theire and everie of theire successours, shall be from and after the end of this psente session of Parliament, for ever wholie and utterlie disabled in lawe to make doe levie or suffer any acte or act? thinge or thing?, wherebie or by meanes whereof any of the said honours castles mannours landes tenement? or hereditament?, or any parte of them, or any of them, shall or maye be aliened assured given graunted demised charged or in any sorte conveyed to our saide so9aigne lorde the Kinge, his heires or successors; and that all alienations assurances giftes graunt? leases charges and conveiaunces whatsoever, from and after the end of this psente session of Parliament, to be done suffered or made to our (1) so9aigne lorde the Kinge, his heires or successours, by any archbishop or bishop, or theire or any of theire successours, of or out of any of the saide possessions, or of or out of any parte or parcell of them or any of them, and all and everie confirmation and confirmations of the same, shall be from and after the end of this psent session of Parliament utterlie voids and of none effecte to all intent? construe-cons and purposes; any former lawe statute Acte ordinaunce or other matter or thinge to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

By law no bishop ean make any lease of hit land toa subject for more than 91 years, &c.

For maintaining the revenues of bishop-ricks, in future.

Bifhopa declared disabled from alienating any possessions of their sees to the Crown.

Every such alienation declared void.

1 said O.

682

l Jakes L c.5, 18.

AJ). I60S-4

Profits of the lords of court leets, See. received by stewards under grants thereof;

stewards shall not take such profits under any future grant

Execution may be renewed against persons discharged by

CHAPTER Y.

An Acte to pvent the o9charge of the People by Stewards of Courte Leetes

and Courte Barons.

WHEREAS the King? most© excellent Majestic the lordes spiritoall and

* temporally and other his Highnes subject? of this realme of England and Wales, have in divers places of the same, many franchises jurisdictions priviledges and liberties to keepe courte leetes or court barons for the true administration of justice and to the punishing© and suppressing© of offences; the profites and perquisites of which courtes have heretofore bene used to be levied and collected by the bayliffe or other minister of suche courte, and by him accounted for to his Highnes progenitors, or other lordes or ladies of such courtes and mannours, and as of righte it oughte soe to be; but now by reason of the great© encrease of people, the saide pfites and pquisites of courtes am growen to be of a better yearlie value then in ancient tymes it hath© bene, divers that are now stewardes of suche courtes have heretofore in theire owne names, or in the names of some other to theire use, obtained and gotten diyers grauntes of all the pfitt? and pquisites of such court? whereof they are steward?, wherebie many of his Majesties subject? are unjustlie vexed, and by grievous fynes and amercement? undulie punished, greatlie to the wronginge and impoverishinge of the tenant? and inhabitant? where such stewardes are, pceedinge out of a greedie desire to make and obtain© an undue and extra-ordinarie games to themselves; it is therefore by the authoritie of this psent Parliament established and enacted, that no steward© deputie stewarde or other under stewarde of any the courtes aforesaide, shall directlie or indirectiie, in his owne name, or in the name of any other, from and after the expiration of one yeere next© after the end of the session of this psente Parliament, take receave or make benefitt to his owne use, in monye goodes or any other thing© to the value of twelve pence or more, by vertue or colour of any demise or graunte hereafter to be made of any the pfittes or pquisites or amercement? of any sach court? whereof they are stewarde, which rightfullie shall belongs to the lordes of the same; upon paine that everie stewarde offending© contrarie to the tenor of this psente Acte of Parliament, shall for everie such his offence forfeit the some of fortie poundes, and to be disabled ever after to be stewarde of such courte or of any other; the one halfe of the forfeiture to be to our so9aigne lorde the King? Majestie his heires and successors, the other halfe to any of his Majesties subject? that shall complaine in any of his Highnes court? of reoorde, by action of debte bill plainte or information, in which suite no essoigne protection wager of lawe or other dilatorie plea shall be allowed.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for new Executions to be sued against© any which shall hereafter be delivered out of Execution by Priviledge of Parliament, and for discharge of them out of whose custody such psons shall be delivered.

TT^ORASMUCH as heretofore doubt hath ben made, if any pson being arrested in execution, and by priviledge of either of the Houses of

Parliament set at libertie, whether the partie at whose suite such execution

1 James I. c. 13, 21.

688

was pursued be far ever after barred and disabled to sue for the a new writt of execution in that ease: For the avoydinge of all further doubte and trouble which in like cases may hereafter ensue, be it enacted by the King? moste excellent Majestie, by the lordes spiritual! and temporall, and by the cdmons in this psent Parliament assembled, that from henoeforthe the partie at or by whose suite such writt of execution was pursued, his executors or administrators, after such tyme as the priviledge of that session of Parliament in which such priviledge shall be so graunted shall cease, may sue for the and execute a newe writt or writt? of execution, in such maimer and forme as by the lawe of this realme hee or they might have done if no suche former execution had bene taken for the or served: And that from henceforth noe shiriffe bayliffe or other officer from whose arreste or oustodie any such pson so arrested in execution shalbe delivered by any such priviledge, shall be charged or chargeable with or by any accon whatsoever for deliveringe out of execution any such priviledged pson so as is aforesaide, by suche priviledge of Parliament set at libertie; any lawe custome or priviledge heretofore to the contrarie notwithstanding©. Provided alwaies, that this Acte or any things therein conteyned shall not extend to the diminishinge of any punishment to be hereafter by censure in Parliament inflicted upon any pson which hereafter shall make or pcure to be made any such arrest as is aforesaide.

privilege of Parliament, when they cease to be privileged.

Sheriff not liable on discharge of privileged persons.

Proviso fbr censure by Parliament.

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte againste Brokers.

PORASMTJCH as of longe and ancient tyme by divers hundred yeeres there Ancient mode have ben used within the citie of London and liberties thereof certaine freemen of the citie to be selected out of the companies and mysteries whereof of broken in they are free and members, and the same persons, to be psented at leaste by London ' size approved and knowen honest persons of the same misterie to the lorde mayor of London for the tyme beinge, and to the aldermen his brethren, and to be recommended by such presenters to bee persons for theire knowen approved honestie integritie and faithfulnease, psons meete for to be broker or brokers, and upon such relation made to the mayor and aldermen and partlie by their owne knowledge and diligent inquiries made of the saide persons, and of their honest fame reporte fidelitie and skill, have byn thereupon admitted allowed and approved by the lorde mayor of the dtie and aldermen in the oourte of aldermen, to be brokers within the saide citie and libties of the same, and have taken theire oorporall oathes before the saide mayor and aldermen from tyme to tyme, as they were so ffcented and admitted, to use and demesne themselves uprightlie and faithful lie betweene merchant EngHshe and merchant strangers and tradesmen, in the contrivinge makinge and concluding bargainee and contract? to he made betweene them concerning their wares and merchandizes to be bought and soldo and contracted for within the dtie of London, and moneys to be taken up by exchange betweene such merchant and merchant? and tradesmen, and these kinde of psons so psented allowed and swome to be brokers as aforesaide have had and home the name of brokers, and bene knowen called and taken for brokers, and dealinge in brokerage or brokerie, who never of any ancient tyme used to buy and sell garment? houshold stuffe,

<384

' 1 James I. c. 21.

A.D. 1603-4.

Origin of pawnbrokers or dealers in apparel, &c.

Brils resulting from their traffic;

no sale or pawn of any stolen jewels, plate, or other goods, to any pawnbroker in

or to take pawnes and billes of sale of garment? and apparell, and all thing? that come to hand for money, laide out and lent upon- usurie, or to keepe open shoppes, and to make open shewes, and open trad©, as now of late yeeres hathe and is used by a number of citizens assuminge unto themselves the name of brokers and brokerage, as though the same were an honeste and a lawful] trade misterie or occupation, tearminge and naming© themselves brokers, whereas in trueth they are not, abusinge the true and honeste ancient name and trade of broker or brokerage: And forasmuch as many citizens freemen of the citie, beinge men of manuall occupation, and handicraftesmen and others inhabiting and remayninge neere the citie and suburbes of the same, have lefte and given over, and daylie doe leave and give over theire handie and manuall occupations, and have and daylie doe set up a trade of buyinge and selling and taking to pawne of all kinde of wome apparell, whether it be olde or little the worse for wearinge, houshold stuff© and goods of what kind soever the same be of, finding© therebie that the same is a more idle and easier kinde of trade of livinge, and that there riseth and groweth to them a more readie more greate more profitable and speedier advantage and gaine then by theire former manuall labours and trades did or coulde bringe them: And forasmuch aa the said kinde of counterfeit brokers, and p&wne-takers upon usurie, or otherwise for. readie money, are growen of late to many hundreds within the citie of London, and other places next adjoyninge to the citie and liberties of the same, and are like to increase to f&rre greater multitudes, being friperers,.and no brokers, nor exercisinge of any honest and lawfull trade, and within the memorie of many yet livinge such kinde of persons tradesmen were verie fewe and of small number: Ajid forasmuch as there are not any garment? apparell housholde stuff© or other goods of any kinde whatsoever the same be of, either beinge stollen or robbed from any, or badlie or unlawfullie purloyned or come by, but these kinde of upstarts brokers, under colour and ptence they be freemen of the saide citie of London, or inhabitinge in Westminster, where they pretende to have the like overt market, as the citie of London, and therebie psuminge to be lawfull for them to us© and set up the same idle and needless© trades, being the verie meanes to uphold maintaine and embolden all kind of lewde and bad psons to robbe and steale, and unlawfullie to get and come by true mens goods, knowinge and finding© that no sooner the same goods can be stollen or unlawfullie come by, but that they shall and may psentlie utter vent sell and pawne the Bame to such kinde of new upstart brokers for readie money: For remedie whereof, and for the avoidinge of the said© mischiefes and inconveniences, and for repressinge and abolishinge of the sayd idle and needlesse trades, and upstart brokers, and for the avoidinge of tbeftes robberies and felonies and bad people, and for the repressinge of such kinde of nourishers and ayden of theeves and bad people, and for the defence of honest and true mens ppties and interest? in theire goods: Be it enacted and declared by our so9aigne lorde the Kinge, with the assent of the lordes spiritu&ll and temporall and comons in this psente Parliament assembled and by the authorise of the same, that no sale exchange pawne or morgage of any jewell plate apparell houshold stuffe, or other goods of what kinde nature or qualitie soever the same shall be of, and that shall be wrongfullie or unjustlie purloyned taken robbed or stollen from any pson or psons or bodies politicke, and which at any

1 James I. c. 21.

685

tyme hereafter shall be sold uttered delivered exchanged pawned or done' awaye within the citie of London or liberties thereof, or within the citie of Westminster in the countie of Middlesex, or within Southwarke in the countie of Surrey, or within two miles of the saide citie of London, to any broker or brokers, or pawne takers, by any way or meanes whatsoever, directlie or indirectlie, shall worke or make any change or alteration of the ppertie or interest, of and from any pson or psons or bodie politicke from whome the same jewels plate apparell houshold stuffe or goods were or shalbe wrongfullie purloined taken robbed or stollen; any lawe usage or custome to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And for the better maintayninge of true and honest dealinge, and for the eschewinge and avoydinge of falshood fraude and deceipte in suche kinde of brokers and pawnetakers, be it furthermore enacted and established by the like authoritie, that if any person or psons or bodies politicke, from whome any jewellf plate apparell houshold stuffe or any kinde of goods whatsoe9 shall be wrongfullie purloyned taken stollen or robbed, shall require and demaunde of any such broker or pawntaker to declare whether any such goods bee come to his or their possessions, and to declare shewe and manifesto the same, and hoWe and by what meanes he had them or came by the same, and howe when and to whome he hath delivered conveyed or bestowed and imployed the same; and that such broker, upon any such requeste and demaund to be made, shall denye and refuse to disclose tell or manifest the same truelie and justlie, shall forfeite unto the true owner or owners of such jewels plate apparell houshold stuffe and other goods, from whome the same were wrongfullie purloyned taken stollen or robbed, double the value thereof that shall be denyed and refused to be disclosed tolde and manifested as afof esaide; the same double value to be recovered by the true owner or owners of such goods from whome the same were wrongfullie purloyned taken robbed or stollen, to be recovered by action of debte bill or plainte in any of the Kingf Majesties courtf of recorde at Westminster, or within the citie of London; in which no essoine wager of lawe or protection shalbe allowed.

Pbovided alwaies, that this Acte nor any thinge therein contayned, shall not be pjudiciall or hurtfull to the ancient trade of brokers within the citie of London, using and exercising the ancient trade of brokers, betweene merchant and merchant, or other traders or occupiers within the saide dtie and the liberties of the same, beinge selected as aforesaide.

London, Westminster, or Southwark, shall alter the property therein.

n.

Pawnbrokers refusing to produce goods to the owner from whom stolen, shall forfeit doable the yalne.

nr.

Not to affect brokers between merchants, &c.

686

A.D. 1605-6.

xm.

Popish recusants convict disabled from presenting to benefices; which shall be supplied by the two universities.

3 [& 4] JAMES I. A.D. 1606. [& 1606.]

STATUTES hade nr the PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN BY PROROGATION AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE Fifth DAY OF NOVBKBEB, In the THIRD Tear, and there contended

UNTIL AND UPON THE TWENTY-SEVENTH DAY OF May NEXT FOLLOWING,

In the FOURTH Tear, of the Reign of K. JAMES, L (x)

<£jr ftotuto $arltammtt be aims regtti Startin' augfe SlnflKe, &cocit, Jhranne, et ©fibejrtiu, tertto.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte to fivent 8s avoid dangers which may grow by Popish

Recusantf.


And be it further enacted by the authority of this psent Parliament, that everie pson or psons that is or shall be a popishe recusant convict, during the tyme that he shalbe or remaine a recusant, shall from and after the end of this psent session of Parliament be utterly disabled to psent to any benefice, with cure or without cure, prebend or any other ecdiasticall living, or to collate or nominate to any freeschole hospitall or donative whatsoever, and from the beginning of this psent session of Parliament shall likewise be disabled to gr&unt any avoydance to any benefice prebend or other eccfiasticall living; and that the Chauncellour and Schollers of the Uni9sity of Oxeforde, soe often as any of them shalbe voide, shall have the psentacon nomination collation and donation of and to everie such benefice prebend or ecdiasticall living, schoole hospitall and donative, sett lying and being in the counties of Oxford Kent Middlesex Sussex Surrey Hampshire Berkshire Buckinghamshire Gloucestershire Worcestershire Staffordshire Warwickshire Wiltshire Soflsetshire Devonshire Comewall Dorsetshire Herefordshire Northamptonshire Pembrockshire Carflthenshire Brecknockshire Monmouthshire Cardiganshire Mountgomery-shire the citye of London, and in every citye and towne being a countye of it selfe, lying and being within any of the limittf or pdnctf of any of the counties aforesaide, or in or within any of them, as shall happen, to he voide, during such tyme as the patron thereof shalbe and remaine a recusant convict as aforesaide; and that the Chancellor and Schollers of the Uni9sity of Cambridge shall have the psentacon nominacon collation and donation of and to everie such benefice prebend or ecdiasticall living schoole hospitall and donative, set lying and being in the counties of Essex Hertfordshire Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire Huntingtonshire Suffolke Norffolke Lincolneehire 1

1 This statute has in all printed copies been entitled as of the third year of the King's

reign..............Chapters XXV, XXVI, and XXVJLL................are not inrolied;

these are therefore printed from the original Acts in the Parliament Office............

3 Jakes I. a 5,10.

687

Rutlandshire Leicestershire Derbyshire Nottinghamshire Shropshire Cheshire Lancashire Torkeehire the county of Durham Northumberland Cumberland Westflland Radnorshire Denbighshire Flintshire Carnarvonshire Angleseyahire Merionethshire Glamorganshire, and in everie city and towne being a county of itselfe, lying within. any of the limits or pcinte or any of the counties last before mentioned, or in or within any of them, as shall happen to be voide, during such tyme as the patron thereof shall be and remaine a recusant convict as aforesaide: Provided that neither of the saide chauncellors and schollers of Proviso against either the saide uni9sities shall psent or nominate to any benefice with cure Plnrallties-prebend or other eccliasticall living, any such pson as shall then have any other benefice with cure of soules; and if any such presentation or nominacon shalbe had or made of any such pson soe beneficed, the said presentation or nominacon shall be utterly voide; any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

CHAPTER X

An Acte for the rating and levying of the charges for conveying Malefactors

and Offendors to the Gaole.

WHEREAS his Majesties honest and loving subject? are muche charged and burdened in conveying felons, and other malefactors and offendors against his Majesties lawes and statut?, unto the gaole, punishable by imprisonment there, the sayd felons and other malefactors and offendors having good? and chattels of theire owne whereby to defray the same charge themselves, to the great encouragement of such malefactors and offendors in theire saide wicked and bad courses, and to the discouragem* of his Majesties saide honest and loving subject? in psecuting the saide malefactors and offendors to be punished according to theire demerites: Be it enacted by the King? moste excellent Majestie the lordes spuall and temporall and the cdmons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, that all and everie pson and psons whatsoever that from and after the end of this psent session of Parliament shall be comitted to the comon or usuall gaole within any county or liberty within this realme, by any justice or justices of the peace for any offence or misdemeanour to any such gaole, that the saide person or psons soe to be comitted as aforesaide, having meanes or ability thereunto, shall beare theire owne reasonable charges for soe conveying or sending them to the saide gaole and the charges also of such as shall be appointed to guard them to such gaole, and shall soe guard them thither; and if any such pson or psons soe to be comitted as is aforesaide shall refuse at the tyme of their comitment and sending to the saide gaole, to defray the saide charges, or shall not then pay or beare the same, that then such justice or justices of the peace shall and may by writing under his or theire hand and seale or handes and seales give warrant to the constable or constables of the hundred or constable or tithingman of the tithing or towneship where such pson or psons shalbe dwelling and inh&bite or from whence hee or they shall bee comitted as aforesaide, or where hee or they shall have hnj|good£ within

Offenders, if able, shall pay the charge of their own conveyance to gaol; or the sum shall be levied by sale of their goods, &c.

688

3 James I. c. 10.

A.D. 1605-6.

in.

Defendants under this Act may plead the general issue, and shall hare treble damages on verdict, &c. for them.

the county or libertye, to sell such and soemuch of the goodes and chattels of the saide persons so to be comitted, as by the discrecon of the saide justice or justices of the peace shall satisfye and pay the charges of such his or tbeire conveying and sending to the saide gaole, the appraisement to be made by foure of the honest inhabitant? of the parishe or tything where such goodes or chattels shall remain© and be; and the overplus of the money which shalbe made thereof to be delivered to the partie to whome the saide goodes shall belong.

And be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that if any accon of tresp&sse or other suite shall happen to be attempted and brought against the pson or psons for taking of any distresse making of any sale or any other acte by authoritye of this psent Acte, the defendant or defendantf in any such action or suite shall and may either plead not guiltie or otherwise make avowrye cognizance or justification for the taking of the saide distresses making of sale or other acte by vertue of this Acte, alleadging in such avowry cognizance or justification that the saide distresse sale trespass© or other thinge whereof the plaintiff© or plaintiff? complained was done by authoritie of this Acte, and according to the tenour purport and effect of this Acte, without any expressing or rehearsall of any other matter of circumstance contained in this psent Acte; to which avowry cognizance or justification the plaintiff shall be admitted to replie, that the defendant did take the saide distresse made the saide sale or did any other acte or trespasse supposed in his declara&n of his owne wrong, without any such cause alleadged by the saide defendant, whereupon the issue in everie such accon shalbe joyned to he tried by verdict of twelve men, and not otherwise, accustomed in other psonall accons: And upon the triall of that issue, the whole matter to he given on both parties in evidence according© to the verie trueth of the same: And after such issue tried for the defendant, or nonsuit of the plaintiffe after appearance, the saide defendant to recover treble damages by reason of his wrongfull vexation in that hehalfe, with cost? also on that parte sustained, and that to be assessed by the same jurie or writt to enquire of the damages as the same shall require.

4 [& 5] JAMES L AJ). 1606L [A 1W7 ]

«8$

STATUTES auitt ix rax PARLIAMENT,

Haum xr PuBoouns ax Wxsratxsrxx, ox rax Ekuttxxxth Day or Nov nun, Ix rax FOURTH Yeak, aki> thebe coxnsvsD Pm axd fpos rax Focsra Day or Jclt xkxt rouotrixo,

Ix rax FIFTH Tta of rax Rxros of K. JAMES, 1. (*)

€% Hotuto parliammti lit Sbnto rrgni Sarofct JUjul 9ngtir ^rotir Jtanrir't fttbtrmr, Quarto.

CHAPTER IIL

An Act to give Cost? to the Defendant uppon a Nonsuit© of the Plaintiff^ or uppon a Verdict against him.

%17 iLKRAS in the three and twenteth yere of j* raigne of King Henry©

" the Eighte of famous memorie, a good and pfitalde law© was made, whereby it was enacted, that in cases where the plaintiffs in any aoeion hill or plainte of debte trespas upon the case deteynue accompt and in some other acdons therein espedallye mentioned should become nonsuite, or a verdict should be had against the saide plaintiffe, that then in suoh oases the defendant should have judgment to recover his oostes against every suohe plaintiffe as by the said lawe appeareth; which lawe hath byn founde to be very good and beneficiall for the comon wealth, and thereby many have bene discouraged from bringinge frivolous and unjust suites beoauae suoh parties are to make recoin pence to the parties unjustlie vexed for the said upjuat vexadons: And forasmuch as accions of trespas and accions of ejeofoe flrme, and many other accions reall and psonall are within the same miaohiefe as the said other accions were at the odmon lawe, and yet were omitted out of the ^vision of the saide lawe: For remedye whereof be yt enacted by the King? most excellent Majestie the lord? spirituall and temporall, and the cflraons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, that if any peon or psons at any time after the end of this Psent session of Parliament, shall comence or sue in any courte of recorde, or in any other oourte, any accion bill or plainte of trespasse or ejec€5e tirme, or any other acoion whatsoever, wherein the plaintiffe or demaundant might© have oostes, if in oose judgment shoulde be gyven for him; and the plaintiffe or plaintiff? demaundant or demaundant? in any such accion bill or plainte after apparance of the defendant or defendant? be nonsuyted, or that any verdict happen to {josse by any lawfull triall against the plaintiffe or plaintiff? demaundant or demauudant? in any such accion bill or plainte, that then the defendant and defendant? in every such accion bill or plainte shall have judgment to recover his cost? against every such plaintiffe and plaintiff? demaundant and demaundant? to be assessed taxed and levyed in manner and forme as cost? in the saide recyted accions are to be assessed taxed and levyed in and by the said lawe of the three and twentyeth year© of Kinge Hen rye the Eight©. 1

Ootftgto*

as H. Y1U.

to defendants in certain

octets also gi?an to defendant* on nonauit or verdiot In notions of troapiM deot-roent. and In til other notions where plaintiff is endued to ooete, on Judgment fer him.

1 This statute in all printed copies has been entitled as of tit© fourth of this King's reign. . « .

X X

Justices of peace, constables, &c. sued for acts done in execution of their office, may plead the general issue j

double costs on verdict for them.

690

AJ>. 1609-10.

7 [& 8] JAMES I. A.D. 1609-10. [& 1610.]

STATUTES made in the PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN BT PROROGATION AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE NINTH DAY OF

February, In the SEVENTH Year, and there continued

UNTIL AND UPON THE TWENTY-THIRD DAY OF JULY NEXT FOLLOWING,

In the EIGHTH Year, of the Reign of K. JAMES, I. (x)

ftotulo ^arltammtt be amto regnt Starott &nglte, «&corie, dftancie, et f&flbernte,

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for ease in pleading against troublesome and contencious Suites, gsecuted against Justices of the Peace Maiors Constables and Staine other his Majesties Officers, for the lawfull execucion of their Office. M

T^OR ease in pleading against many causeles and contencious suites have beene and day lie are cdmenced and gsecuted against justice of peace maiors or baylifff of cities and townes corporate hedboroughf portreeves constables tythingmen collectors of subsidies and fifteenes, who for due execucion of their office have bene troubled and molested and still are like to be troubled and molested by evell disposed contencious psons, to their great charge and discouragement in doing of their offices; be it therefore enacted by our so9eigne lord the Kinge and by the lordes spirituall and temporall and comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same, that if any accion bill plainte or suite uppon the case trespasse battry or false ymprisonament shalbe brought after fortie days next after the end of this session of Parliament in any of his Majesties courtes at Westm or elswhere, against any justice of the peace maior or bayliffe of cittie or towne corporate hedboroughe portreve constable tithingman collector of subsidy or fifteenes for or conSning any matter cause or thing by them or any of them done by vertue or reason of their or any of their office or offices, that it shall be lawfull to and for every such justice of peace maior bayliffe constable or other officer or officers before named, and all others w^ in their aide or assistance or by their comaundement shall doe any thing touching or conSning his or their office or offices, to plead the gefiall yssue that he or they are not guilfcie, and to give such speciall matter in evidence to the jurie w^ shall trie the same which speciall matter being pleaded had beene a good and sufficient matter in lawe to have discharged the saide defendant or defendant^ of the trespasse or other matter laide to his or their charge; and that if the verdict shall passe 1

1 This statute has in all printed copies been entitled as of the seventh year of the King's reign. The public Acts, nu. 1 to 18, in the list at the head of the inrollment have always been printed as chapters I. to XVIIL, of the statute; and nu. 19 to 23, as chapters XX. to XXIV. — No. 27. in the list of private Acts fat the head of the inrollment, none of which Acts are entered thereon, J has been printed as chapter XIX. of the

statute: It is now printed from the original Act.

Ja Rep. as to so much os relates to actions against justices of the peace, 11 & 12 Vict. c. 44. s. 17.J

7 James I. c. 5, 12.

691

the said defendant or defendant? in any such accion, or the plaintiffs or plaintiff? therein become nonsuite or suffer any discontinuance thereof, that in every such case the justices or justice or such other judge before whome the said matter shalbe tried shall by force and vertue of this Act allowe unto the defendant or defendant? his or their double cost? w^ hee or they shall have susteyned by reason of their wrongfull vexacion in defence of the said accon or suite, for which the said defendant or defendant? shall have like remedy as in other cases where cost? by the lawes of this realme are given to the defendant?.


CHAPTER XII.

An Acte to avoide the double Payment of Debt?.

WHEREAS dyvers men of trades and handicraftfmen keeping shop " bookes, doe demaund debt? of their customers upon their shopbook? long tyme after the same hath been due, and when as they have supposed the pticulers and Stentie of the wares deli9ed to be forgotten, then either they themselves or their Svant? have inSted into their said shopbookes di9s other wares supposed to be delyvered to the same parties or to their use, w^ in truth never were delyvered, and this of purpose to encrease by such undue meanes the said debt: And whereas di9s of the said tradesmen and handicraftsmen having receaved all the just debt due upon their said shopbookes, doe oftentymes leave the same bookes uncrossed or any way discharged, so as the debtors their executors or administrators are often by suite of lawe inforced to pay the same debt? againe to the partie that trusted the said wares or to his executors or administrators, unlesse hee or they can gduce sufficient proof by writing or witnesses of the said payment that may coun?vaile the creditt of the said shopbook?, w0*1 fewe or none can doe in any long tyme after the said payment: Bee it therefore enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that no tradesman or handycraft?man keeping a shopbooke as is aforesaid, his or their executors or administrators, shall after the Feast of S* Michaell the Archangell next c5myng, be allowed admitted or receaved to give his shoppbooke in evidence in any accion for any money due for wares hereafter to be delyvered or for woorke hereafter to be done, above one yeere before the same accion brought, except hee or they their executors or administrators shall have obteyned or gotten a bill of debt or obligation of the debtor for the said debt, or shall have brought or pursued against the said debtor his executors or administrators some accion for the said debt wares or worke done, wtkin one yeere next after the same wares dely9ed, money due for wares dely^ed, or worke done.

Provided alwaies, that this Act or any things therein conteyned shall not extend to any inScourse of traffique marchandizing buying selling or other trading or dealing for wares dely9ed or to be delyVed, money due or worke done or to be done betwene marchant and marchant, marchant and tradesman, or betwene tradesman and tradesman, for any thing directly falling w^in the circuit or compasse of their mutuall trades and marchandizes; but that for such thing? only they and e9y of them shall bee in case as if this

x x 2

Evil from tradesmen not crossing out debts in their shop-books when discharged.

Shop-book shall not be evidence of a debt after

twelve months, &c.

II.

Proviso for dealings between two tradesmen.

AJX 1609-10.

692 7 James I. c. 12,15.

Act had never been© made; any thing herein conteyned to the contrary thereof notw^tanding.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte conSninge some maner of Assignementf of Debtf to his Majestie.

WHEREAS it is conceyved that some maner of assignementf' of debtf, if

be assigned to ^ * they should be made to his Majestie his heires and successors, the same ace^tfma ^ wou^ b inconvenient: His Majestie therfore is well pleased that it be enacted, and be it enacted by authoritie of this psent Parliament, that noe debt shall, at any tyme after the first daye of July w0*1 shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand sixe hundred and tenne, be assigned to the Kinges Majestie his heires or successors, by or from any debtor or accomptant to his Majestie his heires or successors, other then such debtf as did before growe due originallye to the Kingf debtor or accomptant bona fide; and that all grantes and assignementf of debt? to the Kingf Majestie his heires or successors, w^, from and after the said first daie of July, shall be had or made contarie to the true intent of this Act, shalbee void and of no force; any lawe custome priviledge or thing to the cont^rye in any wise notw%tanding.

21 [& 22] JAMES I. A.D. 1623-4. [& 1624.]

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun and holden at Westminster, on the Nineteenth Day of February, In the TWENTY-FIRST Year, and there continued Until and upon the Twenty-ninth Day of May next following, In the TWENTY-SECOND Year of the Reign of K. JAMES, I. (*)

<£jr Rottilo $arliammti be 2tano rejjm Jacobi JfctjfeI SttgU'r «&cotte dfranrie "t 3Ftctgtmo primo.

CHAPTER I.

WHEREAS in the Parliament held in the nyne and thirtieth year© of the b^phtS* and * ^ raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth of happie memorie, a good law workhonaefl, was made, intituled An Acte for erecting of hospitaUf or abiding and working made perpetual. houses for the poore; but the power licence and authoritie given by the said statute to erect found and establish such houses and abiding places as are therein mencioned was confined to the space of twentie yeares then next ensuing, which said tyme is now expired; be it therefore enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that the said Acte and all things therein conteyned, shall from henceforth be revived and made ppetuall to have contynuance for ever.

(1) The statute in all printed copies has been entitled as of the twenty-first year.

21 Jakes I. c. 1, 3.

693

And be it alsoe enacted, that all hospitall? measons de Dieu and abiding places for poore lame maimed and impotent people, or for houses of correction at any tyme since the said twentie yeares expired, erected founded or made, or at any tyme hereafter to be erected founded or made according to the purport of the said statute, shalbe incorporated and have ppetuall succession and capacitie to have take and enjoy all other priviledges benefitt? and immunities to all intent? and purposes, according to the pvisions tenor purport and true meaning of the said Acte as if the same had byn made founded or endowed within the space of twentie yeares next ensuing the saide statute.

IL

Hospitals, Ac. erected since expiration of 89 Elis. c. 5. declared to be incorporated, under that Act

CHAPTER III.

An Act concerning Monopolies and Dispensations with penall Lawes and the

Forfeyture thereof.

'FpORASMUCH as your most excellent Majestie in your royall judgment

and of your blessed disposition to the weale and quiet of your subject?, did, in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred and ten, publish in print to the whole realme and to all posteritie, that all graunt? of [monapolyes1] and of the benefitt of any penall lawes, or of power to dispense with the lawe, or to compound for the forfeiture, are contrary to your Majesties lawes, your Majesties declaration is truly consonant and agreeable to the auncient and fundamentall lawes of this your realme: And whereas your Majestie was further graciously pleased expressely to comaund that noe suter should psume to move your Majestie for matters of that nature; yet nevertheles uppon misinformations and untrue ptences of publique good, many such graunt? have bene undulie obteyned and unlawfullie putt in execucon, to the greate greevance and inconvenience of your Majesties subject?, contrary to the lawes of this your realme, and contrary to your Majesties royall and blessed intention soe published as aforesaid: Foe avoyding whereof and pventinge of the like in tyme to come, may it please your most excellent Majestie, at the humble suite of the lord? spirituall and temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled, that it may be declared and enacted, and be it declared and enacted by [the 2] authoritie of this psent Parliament, that all [monapolies*] and all (Emissions graunt? licences charters and tree patent? heretofore made or graunted, or hereafter to be made or graunted to any pson or psons bodies politique or corporate whatsoever of or for the sole buyinge sellings makings workinge or usinge of any thinge within this realme or the dominion of Wales, or of any other monopolies, or of power lifetie or facultie to dispence with any others, or to give licence or toleraoon to doe use or excise any thinge against the tenor or purport of any lawe or statute, or to give or make any warrant for any such dispen-sacon licence or toleraoon to be had or made, or to agree or compound with any others for any penaltie or forfeitures lymitted by any statute, or of any graunt or pmise of the benefitt pffitt or comoditie of any forfeiture penaltie or some of money that is or shalbe due by any statute before judgement there-uppon had, and all proclamaoons inhibicons restraint? warrant? of assistance and all other matters and thing? whatsoever any way tendinge to the

The King's declaration against monopolies and grants of penalties and dispensations;

all monopolies, and grants, &c. thereof, or of dispensations, and penalties, declared yoid.

1 monopolies O.

O. omits.

694

21 Jakes 1. c. 3.

A.D. 1623-4.

n.

Validity of all monopolies, and of all such grants, &c. shall he tried by the common law.

m.

All persona disabled to use such grants, monopolies, &c.

TV.

Party aggrieved by any monopoly or grant, &c. shall recover treble damages by action in the superior courts, with double costs.

Penalty on unduly delaying any such action, &c. premunire under St,

16 Ric. EL c. 5.

instituting© erecting strengthening© furtheringe or countenancinge of the same or any of them, are altogether contrary to the lawes of this realme, and so are and shalbe utterlie Void and of none effects, and in noe wise to be putt in ure or execu&m.

And be it further declared and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that all monopolies and all such comissions graunt? licences charters ires patent? proclamaains inhibicons restraint? warrant? of assistance and all other matters and thing? tendinge as aforesaid, and the force and* validitie of them and every of them ought to be, and shalbe for ever hereafter ex&myned heard tryed and de?mined by and according© to the com on lawes of this realme & not otherwise.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that all pson and paons bodies politique and corporate whatsoever, which now are or hereafter shalbe, shall stand and be disabled and uncapable to have use excise or putt in ure any monopolie or any such cSmission graunt licence charters Ires patent? proclamacon inhibition restraint warrant of assistance or other matter or thinge tendinge as aforesaid, or any lifetie power or facultie grounded or ptended to be grounded upon them or any of them.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any pson or psons at any tyme after the end of fortie dayes next after the end of this psent session of Parliament, shalbe hindred greeved disturbed or disquieted, or his or their good? or chattell? any way seised attached distreyned taken carryed away or deteyned by occasion or ptext of any monopolie, or of any such cdmission graunt licence power lifetie facultie ires patent? proclamacon inhibicon restraint warrant of assistance or other matter or thinge tendinge as aforesaid, and will sue to be releeved in or for any of the pmisses, that then and in every such case the same pson and psons shall and may have his and their remedie for the same at the c5mon lawe, by any accon or accons to be grounded uppon this statute, the same accon and accons to be heard and determyned in the court? of King? Bench Comon Pleas and Exchequer, or in any of them, against him or them by whome he or they shalbe so hindred greeved disturbed or disquieted, or against him or them by whome his or their good? or chattell? shalbe soe seized attached distrayned taken carried away or deteyned, wherein all and every such pson and psons which shalbe soe hindred greeved disturbed or disquieted, or whose good? or chattell? shalbe soe seised attached destrayned taken or carryed away or detayned, shall recover three tymes soe much as the damages which he or they susteyned by means or occasion of beinge soe hindred greeved disturbed or disquieted, or by meanes of havinge his or their good? or chattell? seised attached distrayned taken carryed away or deteyned, and [inl] double cost?; and in such suit?, or for the staying or delaying thereof, noe essoine proteccon wager of lawe aydeprayer priviledge injuncSm or order of restraint shalbe in anywise prayed graunted admitted or allowed, nor any more than one imperlance; and if any pson or psons shall, after notice given that the acSm dependinge is grounded uppon this statute, cause or pcure any accon at the c5mon lawe grounded uppon this statute to be stayed or delayed before judgement, by coulor or meanes of any order warrant power or authoritie, save onely of the court wherein such accon as aforesaid shalbe brought and dependinge, or after

1 0. omits.

21 James I. c. 3.

695

judgement had uppon such accon, shall cause or pcure the execucon of or uppon any such judgement to be stayed or delayed by coulor or me&nes of any order warrant power or authorities save onelie by writt of error or attaint, that then the said pson and psons soe offendinge shall incurre and sustaine the paines penalties and forfeitures ordeyned and provided by the Statute of provision and premunire made in the sixteenth yeare of the raigne of King Richarde the Second.

Provided alsoe and be it declared and enacted, that any declaration before raenconed shall not extend to any tres patents and graunt? of privilege for the tearme of fowerteene yeares or under, hereafter to be made of the sole working or makinge of any manner of new manufactures within this realme, to the true and first inventor and inventors of such manufactures, which others at the tyme of makinge such Ires patent? and graunt? shall not use, soe as alsoe they be not contrary to the lawe nor mischievous to the state, by raisinge prices of comodities at home, or hurt of trade, or generallie inconvenient; the said fourteene yeares to be [accomplished1] from the date of the first Ires patent? or grant of such priviledge hereafter to be made, but that the same shall be of such force as they should be if this Act had never byn made, and of none pther.

Provided alsoe, and it is hereby further intended declared and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that this Act or any thing therein conteytied shall not in any wise extend or be pjudiciall to any graunt or priviledge power or authoritie whatsoever heretofore made graunted allowed or confirmed by any Act of Parliament now in force, so long as the same shall so continue in force.

Provided alsoe, that this Act shall not extend to aDy warraunt or privie seale made or directed, or to be made or directed by his Majestie his heirs or successors, to the justices of the court? of the King? Bench or Comon Pleas, and barons of the Exchequer, justices of assize, justices of oyer and terminer, and goale deliverie, justices of the peace, and other justices for the tyme being, having power to hear and determyne offences done against any penall statute, to compound for the forfeitures of any penall statute depending in suite and question before them or any of them respectively, after plea pleaded by the partie defendant.

Provided alsoe, and it is hereby further intended declared and enacted, that this Act or any thing therein contayned shall not in any wise extend or be pjudiciall unto the city of London, or to any cittie borough or towne corporate within this realme, for or concerning any graunt? charters or Ires patent? to them or any of them made or granted, or for or conSning any custome or customes used by or within them or any of them, or unto any corporations companies or fellowshipps of any art trade occupation or mistery, or to any companies or societies of merchant? within this realme, erected for the mayntenftnce enlargement or ordering of any trade of merchandize, but that the same charters customes corporations companies fellowshipps and societies, and their liberties priviledges power and imunities, shalbe and continue of such force and effect as they'were before the making of this Act, and of none other; any thing before in this Act contayned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

vi.

Proviso for future patents for 14 years or less, for new inventions.

vn.

Proviso for existing grants by Act of Parliament.

VIII. Proviso for warrants to justices to compound penalties.

IX. Proviso for charters of London and other corporations.

1 accompted O.

696

21 James I. c. 3.

A.D. 1623-4.

X.

Proviso for patents concerning printing, saltpetre, gunpowder, ordnance, &c. and grants of offices.

I.

Proviso for patents, &c. concerning allum mines.

XII. Proviso for customs, &c. of hoast-men of Newcastle, as to coals.

licences for taverns, &c.

Provided also and * be it enacted, that this Act or any declaration provision disablement penaltie forfeiture or other thing before menconed, shall not extend to any Ires patent? or grants of priviledge heretofore made or hereafter to be made of for or concerning printing; nor to any cdmission graunt or ires patent? heretofore made or hereafter to be made of for or concerning the digging making or compounding of saltpeter or gunpowder; or the casting or making of ordinance or shot for ordinance; nor to any graunt or letters patent? heretofore made or hereafter to be made of any office or offices heretofore erected made or ordayned, and now in being and put in execudon, other then such offices as have been decryed by any his Majesties proclamation or proclamations; but that all and every the same graunt? comissions and Ires patent?, and all other matters and thing? tending to the maynteyning strengthening or furtherance of the same or any of them, shalbe and rem&yne of the like force and effect, and no other, and as free from the declaradons provisions penalties and forfeitures contayned in this Act, as if this Act had never ben had nor made, and not otherwise.

Provided also and be it enacted, that this Act or any declaracon provision disablement penaltie forfeiture or other thing before menconed, shall not extend to any comission graunt Ires patent? or priviledge heretofore made or hereafter to be made of for or concerning the digging compounding or making of allome or allome mynes, but that all and every the same comissions graunt? letters patent? and priviledges shalbe and remayne of the like force and effect, and no other, and as free from the declarations provisions penalties and forfeitures conteyned in this Acte, as if this Act had never byn had nor made, and not otherwise.

Provided also and be it enacted, that this Act or any declaracon pvision penaltie forfeiture or other thing before menconed, shall not extend or be pjudiciall to any use customs pscripcion franchise freedome jurisdiccion imunitie libertie or priviledge heretofore claymed used or enjoyed by the governors and steward? and 'brethren of the fellowshippe of the hoastmen of the town of Newcastle uppon Tyne, or by the auncient fellowshipp guild or fratemitie comonlie called hoastmen; for or concerning the selling carrying lading disposing shipping venting or trading of or for any seacoales sfconecoales or pitcoales forth or out of the haven and ryver of Tyne; or to a graunt made by the said governor and steward? and brethren of the fellowshipp of the said hoastmen to the late Queene Elizabeth, of any dutie or some of mony to be paid for or in respect of any such coales as aforesaid; nor to any graunt? Ires patent? or comission heretofore graunted or hereafter to be gr&unted of for or concerning the licensing of the keepings of any t&veme or tavemee, or selling uttering or retayling of wines to be drunke or spent in the mansion house or houses, or other place, in the tenure or occupation of the partie or parties so selling or uttering the same; or for or concerning the making of any composicons for such licenses, so as the benefitt of such composicions be reserved and applyed to and for the use of his Majestie, his heirs or successors, and not to the private use of any other pson or psons.

21 JjJOBSL e.4

6$T

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for the Ease of the Subject concerning the Informacbn* uppon IVusll

Statute.

Y\J HKKKAS the offences against divers and sundry penall law* and statutes of this reahne may better and with more ease and lease charge to the subject be comenced sued informed against psecutod and tiyed in the countyes where such offences shalbe comitted; and whereas the poor* oilmens of this realms are greivouslie charged troubled vexed molested and disturbed by divers troublesome peons oomonly called relators informers and promolorw, by peecuting and inforcing them to appeare in his Majesties eonrtc at Westminster, and to aonswere offences supposed by them to bo cSmitted against the said penaU lawes and statutes, or elso to oompound with them for the same: For remedy whereof be it enacted by the authorise of this {Wnt Parliament, that all offences hereafter to be comitied Against any )>cn&ll statute, for which any c5mon informer or promoter mny lawfullio ground any popular accion bill plaint suite or informaoion before justices of assise, Justices of nisi prius or gaole delivery, justices of oyer and torminor, or justices of the peace in their generall or quarter sessions, shall after the end of this )lsout session of Parliament be comenced sued prosecuted tried reoovomd and determined by way of accion plaint bill informa€5n or indiotement before the justices of assise, justices of nisi prius, justices of oyer and terminer, and justices of gaole deliverie, or before the justices of peace of every countie (tittle borough or towne corporate and libertie, having power to enquire of hear and determine the same within this realm of England or dominion of Wales, wherein each offences shalbe comitted in any of the courtf places of judicature or liberties aforesaid respectivelie, onelie at the choice of the parties which shall or will comence suite or psecute for the same, and not elsewhere, save onelie in the stud counties or places nsuall for those counties, or any of them; and that like pcesse uppon every popular accion bill plaint informacion or suit to be comenced or sued or psecuted after the end of this jlsent session of Parliament by force of or according to the purport of this Act, bo bad and awarded to all intentf and purposes as in an accion of trespss vl arm is, at

the comon lawe; and that all and all manner of informacion# accion# billf plaintf and suite whatsoever, hereafter to be cSmenced sued psecuted or awarded, either by the attomy generall of his Majestic, his heirs or successors for the tyme bong, or by any officer or officers whatsoever for the tyme Vising, or by any comon informer or other pson whatsoever, in any of Ids Majesties eonrtc at Westminster, for or concerning any [of *J the offences penalties or forfeitures aforesaid, shalbe void and of none effect; any law eustome or usage to tike contrary thereof notwithstanding,

Axd be it further enacted by the authentic aforesaid, that in all hifomaeioNs to be exhibited and in all biflf eoantf pUstf and declarations in wt&w or suit to be comenced against any pson or psoas either by or on the hebsJfe of the King or any other for or concerning any offence eondlted or to b* comitted against my pestaS statute, the offnsee shalbe tayed and aliengod to have bees ewauttof 'in the mid comttie where *«th offtakes was 'm troth

V Walk^hui Jkf

V V

WhWWlti^ t*

iwr viW

\m\ff

ultftll hit n#iiN jtlMlt'M ill ihti omtntli* wh*r« ortWHHHI

w»w

roltlwl,

ft



«mImj. *m

<As*r Vt*h*A*f

4*41 U +&M

698

21 Jakes I. c. 4.

A.D. 1623-4.

and proved, or the defendant shall be acquitted.

III. Informer shall swear that offence was committed in the county stated in the information, &c. and within one year preceding.

IV. Defendants in penal actions may plead the general issue.

V.

Exceptions; recusancy, &c.

maintenance;

tonnage and poundage under 1 Jac. I. c. 33. Frauds on customs, &c.

Exportation of gold, &c.

comitted and not elswhere; and if the defendant to any such information accion or suit pleadeth that he oweth nothing, or that he is not guiltie; and the plaintiffs or informer in such information accion or suit uppon evidence to the jury that shall try such issue, shall not both prove the offence laid in the said information accion or suit, and that the same offence was comitted in that countie, then the defendant and defendant? shalbe found not guiltie.

And be it farther enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that no officer or minister in any courts of record shall receive file or enter of record any informacion bill or plaint count or declaration grounded uppon the said penall statute or any of them which before by this Act are appointed to be heard and determined in their gper counties until the informer or relator hath first taken a corporall oath before some of the judges of that court that the offence or offences laid in such informacon accion suit or plaint was or were not c5mitted in any other countie then where by the said informacion bill plaint count or declaration the same is or are supposed to have bene comitted, and that he beleeveth in his conscience the offence was cdmitted within a yeore before the informacion or suit within the same countie where the said informacion or suit was commenced; the same oath to be there entredof record.

And be it alsoe enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any information suit or accion shalbe brought or exhibited against any pson or psons for any offence comitted or to be comitted against the form of any penall law, either by or on the behalfe of the King or by any other, or on the behalf of the King and any other, itt shalbe lawful for such defendant? to pleade the generall issue that they are not guiltie, or that they owe nothing, and to give such speciall matter in evidence to the jury that shall try the same; which matter being pleaded had bene good and sufficient matter in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendant? against the informacion suit or accion, and the said matters shalbe then as availeable to him or them to all intent? and purposes as if he or they had sufficientlie pleaded Bett forth or alledged the same matter in barre or discharge of such informacion suit or accion.

Provided alwaies, that this Act or any clause contayned therein, shall not extend to any informacion suit or accion grounded uppon any la we or statute made against popish recusant? or for or concerning popish recusancy, or against those that shall not frequent the church and heare divine service; nor to any informacion suit or accion for maintnance champertye or buying of titles; nor to any suit or informacion grounded uppon the Statute made in the first yeare of the raigne of our soveraigne lord the King of a subsidie graunted to the King of tonnage poundage wooll &c .; nor for or concerning the concealing or defrauding the King his heires or successors of any custome tonnage poundage subsidie impost or prisage; or for transporting of gold silver ordinance powder shot munition of all sort? wooll woollfells or leather: But that such offence may be laid or alleaged to be in any countie at the pleasure of any informer; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1623-4.

21 James I a 7,8.

699

CHAPTER TO An Acte for repressing of Dranckennesse.

WHEREAS one statute, intituled An Acte to restraine the inordinate haunting of tipling in innes alehouses and other victualling houses, made in the first yeere of his Highnes happy raigne of England; and another statute, intituled An Acte to represse the odious and loathsome sinne of drunkennesse, made in the fowerth ycare of his Highnes raigne of England, were made to contynue to the end of the first session of the next Parliament, and by experience have bene found good and necessary lawes; be it therefore enacted, that the said statutes, with the alteracions and addicions hereafter expressed, shalbe put in due execucion and continue for ever. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

And whereas by the said statute proofe of two witnesses is required; be it enacted, that proofe of one witnesse from henceforth shalbe allowed and taken for sufficient in that behalfe; and that the voluntarie confession (before any such psons as by the said Acte are authorised to minister the oath) of any pson offending either of the said statutes shall suffice to convince the pson so offending, after such confession the oath of the partie so confessing shall and may be taken and be a sufficient proofe against any other offending at the same tyme. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

And be it further enacted, that if any other pson or psons, wheresoever his or their habitacion or abiding be, shall at any tyme hereafter be found uppon view or his owne confession or proofe of one witnesse, to be tipling in any inne ale house or victualling house, such pson or psons shalbe from henceforth adjudged and construed to be within the said statutes as if he or they had inhabited and dwelt in the citie towne corporate markett towne village or hamlett where the said inne ale house or victualling house is or shalbe, where he or they shalbe so found tipling, and shall incurre the like penal tie, and the same to be in such sort levied and disposed, as in the said Act is expressed concerning such as there inhabite; and the voluntary confession of such pson or psons so offending before such as by the said statutf are authorised to minister the oath, shall suffice to convince themselves; and after such confession the oath of such pson or psons so confessing shall and may be taken by such as by the said Acte have authoritie to minister an oath, and shalbe a sufficient proofe against any other offending at that tyme. fRep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

And be it further enacted, that any justice of peace in any countie, and any justice of peace or other head officer in any cittie or towne corporate, within their limittf respectively, shall from henceforth have power and authoritie uppon his owne view, confession of the partie or proofe of one witnesse uppon oath before him, which he by virtue of this Acte shall have power to administer, to convince any pson of the offence of drunkennesse whereby such pson so convict shall incurre the forfeiture of five shilling^ for every such offence, and the same to be levied or the offender otherwise punished as in the said statute is appointed; and for the second offence shall become bound to the good behaviour as if he had byn convicted in open sessions; any thing' in the said former statute made in the fowerth yeare of his Majesties raigne to the contrary notwithstanding.



CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte to pvent and punishe the Abuses in peuring Pcesse and Supsedias of the Peace, & Writtf of 8ciorare.

WHEREAS divers turbulent and contentious psons, some out of malice and othere in hope of gaine, by way of composicion doe oftentimes uppon their corporall oathes peremptorily and corruptlie taken, or otherwise uppon false suggestions and surmises, gcure geesse of the peace or good

St.l Jac. I. c. 9. & 4 Jac.L c. 5. made perpetual.

IT.

One witness sufficient to convict Any offender convicted on his own confession, a sufficient witness.

m.

Persons tippling in alehouses, in places where they do not dwell, declared liable to penalties of 4 Jac. I. c. 5. § 3. on confession, &c.

IV.

One j ustice may convict for drunkenness on view, &c. Penalty 5s. as under 4 Jac. I. c. 5.

Second offence, surety for good behaviour.

Oppressions by procuring process of the peace against parties, from Chancery or K.B.

700

21 James I. c. 8.

A.D. 1623-4.

No such process shall be granted oat of such coarts, but upon motion in open court, on oath of the parties applying;

costs and damages may be awarded by the courts to parties grieved.

II.

Collusion, by persons, liable to be bound to keep the peace, procuring process against themselves, and a supersedeas to other process;

supersedeas shall be granted only on motion in open court, and upon sufficient surety, &c.

behaviour out of his Majesties courts of Chauncerie and King? Bench against divers of his Majesties quiett subject?, whose dwelling? and abodes are for the most part in countreys farre distant and remote from the said court? to their intolerable trouble and vexacion, whereas they might uppon good cause shewed, receive justice at the hand? of the justices of the peace in the counties where they dwell: For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that all pcesse of the peace or good behaviour after the end of this session of Parliament to be graunted or awarded out of the same court? or either of them, against any pson or psons whatsoever at the suit of or by the psecucion of any pson or psons whatsoever, shalbe void and of none effect, unlesse such pcesse shalbe so graunted or awarded uppon morion tint made before the judge or judges of the same court? respectivelie, (sitting in open court, and uppon declaracion in writing uppon their corporall oathes to be then exhibited unto them by the parties which shall desire such pcesse) of the causes for which such pcesse shalbe graunted or awarded by or out of any the said court? respectivelie, and unlesse that such morion and declaracion be meneioned to be made uppon the backe of the writt; the said writing? there to be entred and remayne of recorde: And that if it shall afterward? appeare unto the said court? or either of them respectivelie, that the causes expressed in such writing? or any of them be untrue, that then the judge or judges of the said court? or either of them respectivelie, shall and may award such cost? and damages unto the parties greived for their or any of their wrongfull vexacions on that behalfe, as they shall thinke fitt; and that the partie or parties soe offending shall and may be cdmitted to prison by such judge or judges untill he or they pay the said cost? and damages.

And whereas divers turbulent and contencious psons deservedlie fearing to be bound to the peace or good behaviour by the justices of peace of the counties where they dwell, doe oftentymes pcure themselves to be bound to the peace or good behaviour in the said court? or one of them uppon insufficient sureties or uppon colourable psecucion of some pson or psons who will be readie at all tymes to release them at their owne pleasure, whereuppon his Majesties writt? of supsedeas are oftentymes directed to the justices of peace and other his Majesties officers, requiring them and every of them to forbeare to arrest or imprison the parties aforesaid for the causes aforesaid, by meanes whereof the said turbulent and contencious psons misdeme&ne themselves amongest their neighbours with impunitie, to the great offence and disturbance of their neighbours amongest whome they converse and live, and to the affront of the justices of peace, and to the evill example and incouragement of like evill disposed psons; be it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that all writt? of supsedeas after the end of this psent session of Parliament to be graunted by or out of either of the court? aforesaid shalbe void and of none effect, unlesse Buch pees be graunted likewise uppon morion in open court first made as aforesaid, and uppon such sufficient sureties as shall appeare unto the judge or judges of the same court respectivelie uppon oath, to be assessed at five pound? land? or ten pound? in good? in the subsidie booke at the least; which oathes and the names of such suerties, with the places of their abode and where they stand so assessed in the subsidie bookes, shalbe entered and remayne of record in the same court?; and unlesse it shall also first appeare unto the said judge or judges from whome such supsedeas is desired, that the

A.D. 1623-4.

21 James I. c. 8.

701

pcess of the peace or good behaviour is psecuted against him or them desiring such supsedeas bona fide by some partie greived in that court out of which such supsedeas is desired to be so awarded and directed.

And whereas divers lewd and evil disposed psons comonly called comon HL baylers or knight? of the post, being base and beggarlie psons, do oftentymes pcure themselves to be assessed at high rates in the subsidie bookes, and their pio-sometymes do falselie take nppon them the names of other men of good abilitie, of purpose to enable themselves to be accepted for bayle, which psons being of small or no abilitie or worth, are ready for lucre and gaine to become bound by recognizance as suerties for such psons as shall pcure themselves to be bound to the peace or good behaviour as aforesaid, by meanes whereof the judge or judges of the said court? not knowing them, may be easilie abused and justice deluded: Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that the judge or judges of the court? aforesaid respectivelie, or of either of them, nppon proofe of any the misdemeanors aforesaid to be comitted in the obtayning of the aforesaid writt? of supsedeas, or pouring such suertie as aforesaid, shall and may likewise punish the false and insufficient suerties and baylers aforesaid, and the pcurers thereof, according to their discrecions, so as such punishment extend not to the losse of life or member.

And whereas divers bill? of indictment of ryot forcible entrie or of assault IV. and battery, being found before the justices of peace at their quarter sessions Jiving of the peace or otherwise, are oftentymes removed from the counties where for

such indictment? are found, by writt? of cerdorari unto them directed out of &c. Into the the said court?, by or by the meanes of the psons so indicted, who well know amrte,

90 * r oj certiorari §

that few or no psons greived by such their outrages and misdemeanors whereof they stand so indicted, will undergoe the travel! or charge of psecucion of such indictment? soe removed, by bringing the parties so indicted to triall, by meanes whereof such offenders for the most part escape unprosecuted and unpunished, and the Bang loseth the fines which ought and should have bene imposed uppon them, if such indictment? had bene psecuted and not removed:

Be it therefore enacted, that all such writt? of cerciorari shall from and after

the end of this psent session of Parliament, be delivered at some quarter ^ teaaom in

sessions of the peace in open court; and that the parties indicted shall before openoom^and

the allowance of such cercioraries, become bound unto such pson or psons unless the

which shall psecute such bill? of indictment against them, in the some of ten

pound?, with such sufficient suerties as the justices of peace at their said to p»y the costs

quarter sessions of the peace shall thinke fitt, with condicion to pay unto the pro8ec,1"

said prosecutors of such billes of indictment, within one moneth after the

conviccion of such parties indicted, such reasonable cost? and damages as the

said justices of peace of such counties where such bill? of indictment shalbe

found in the said sessions of the peace shall assesse or allow; and that in

default thereof it shall be lawfull for the 9aid justices to pceed to tryall of

such indictment?; any such writt? of cerciorari to remove the same indictment?

notwithstanding.

702

21 James I. a 12.

AJ). 1623-4.

St 7 Joe. I. c. 6. made perpetual.

n.

Churchwardens and overseers shall have the benefit of recited Act.

in.

Actions

brought against justices, &c. in foreign counties;

actionsagainst justices of peace, corporate officers, constables, churchwardens, &c. shall be laid in the county where the fact was committed.

Defendants may plead general issue.

On failure of proof of locality of cause of action, defendant shall have verdict, and double costs.

CHAPTER XIL An Acte for ease in Pleading, agaynst troublesom and contencious Suite, pi

WHEREAS an Acte intituled An Act for ease in pleading, against

* troublesome and contencious suitf* psecuted against justices of the peace maors constables and certaine other his Majesties officers, for the lawfuli execucion of their office, made in the seaventh yeare of his Majesties most happy raigne of England, was made to contynue but for seaven yeares, and from thence to the end of the next Parliament after the said seaven yeares, which by experience hath since byn found to be a good and gfitable la we | . * .

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that all churchwardens, and all psons called swome men, executing of the office of churchwardens, and all overseers of the poore, and all others which in their ayd or assistance, or by their comaundement shall doe any thing touching or concerning his or their office or offices, shall hereafter be enabled to receive and have such benefitt and helpe by vertue of the said Act, to all intentf constructions and purposes as if they had byn especially named therein.

And whereas notwithstanding the said statute, the plaintiffe is at libertie to lay his action which he shall bring against any justice of peace or other officer, in any forayne oountie at his choice, which hath proved very inconvenient unto sundry of the officers and psons aforesaid, that have byn impleaded by some contencious and troublesome psons, in countries farm remote from their places of habitations; be it therefore further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any action bill plaint or suit uppon the case trespasae battery or false imprisonment, ahalbe brought after the end of this psent session of Parliament, against any justice of peace maior or hayliffe of city or towne corporate headborough portreeve constable tithingman collector of subsidie or fifteenes churchwardens and psons called swome men, executing the office of churchwarden or overseer of the poore and their deputies, or any of them, or any other which in their ayde or assistance, or by their comande-ment shall doe any thing touching or concerning his or their office or offices, for or concerning any matter cause or thing by them or any of them done by vertue or reason of their or any of their office or offices, that the said accion bill plaint or suit shalbe laid within the countie where the trespasse or fact shalbe done and cdmitted, and not elswhere; and that it shalbe lawfuli to and for all and every pson and psons aforesaid, to plead thereunto the geneiall issue, that he or they are not guiltie, and to give such speciall matter in evidence to the jury which shall try the same, as in or by the said former Act is lymitted or declared: And that if uppon the tiyall of any such action bill plaint or suit, the plaintiffe or plain tifft therein shall not prove to the juiy which shall trye the same, that the trespasse battery imprisonment or other fact or cause of his her or their such action bill plaint or suit, was or ware had made cdmitted or done within the countie wherein such action bill playnt or suite shalbe laid, that then in every such case the jury which shall try the same shall finde the defendant and defendant^ in every such accion bill plaint or suite not guiltie, without having any regard or respect to any evidence

Ja Rep. as to so much as relates to actions against justices of the peace, 11 & 12 Vict. c. 44. s. 17.1

A.D. 1623-4.

21 James I. a 12, 13.

703

given by the plaintiffe or plaintiffes therein, touching the trespass© battery imprisonment or other cause for which the same accion bill plaint or suit is or shalbe brought: And if the verdict shall passe with the defendant or defendant? in any such accion bill plaint or suite, or the plaintiffe or plaintiffes therein become nonsuit or suffer any discontynuance thereof, that in every such case the defendant or defendant? shall have such double cost?, and all other advantages and remedies as in and by the said former Act is lymitted directed or provided.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for the further Reformacon of Jeofayles.

WHEREAS in the two and thirtith yeare of the raigne of King Henry " * the Eight of famous memory, a good and profitable law intituled An Act concerning mispleading jeofayles and attomies was made and enacted; and likewise another good and profitable lawe was made in the eighteenth yeare of the raigne of our late soveraigne lady Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Act for reformacion of jeofayles; by which lawes many delays of judgment? were pvented, and yet notwithstanding many thing? have and dailie doo fall out not yet pvided for nor remedied by the lawes before mendoned; be it therefore enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that if any verdict of twelve men or more shall hereafter be given for the plaintiffe or demandant, or for the defendant or ten*nt baily in assise vouchee pray in ayde or tenftnt by receit in any acdon suit bill plaint or demand in any court of record, the judgment thereuppon shall not be staied nor reversed by reason of any varriance in forme onelie between© the originall writt or bill, and the declaradon plaint or demaund, or for lacke of an averment of any life or lives of any pson or psons, so as uppon examination, the said pson be proved to be in life, or by reason that the venire fee teas corpora or distringies is awarded to a wrong officer, uppon any insuffident suggestion, or by reason the visne is in some part misawarded or sued out of more places, or of fewer places then it ought to be, so as some one place be right named, or by reason that any of the jury which tried the said issue is misnamed, either in the sirname or addicion in any of the said writt?, or in any retome uppon any of the said writt? so as uppon examinadon it be proved to be the same man that was meant to be retomed, or by reason that there is no retome uppon any of the said writt?, so as a pannell of the names of jurors be retomed and annexed to the said writt, or for that the sheriffes name or other officers name having the retourae thereof, is not set to the retome of any such writt, so as uppon examinadon it be proved that the said writt was retomed by the sheriffs or undersheriffe, or such other officer, or by reason that the plaintiffe, in any ejeccoe firme or in any psonall acdon or suit, being an infant under the age of one and twenty yeares, did appeare by attomy therein, and the verdict passe for him; any lawe custome or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies, and be it further enacted, that this Act or any thing therein contayned shall not extend to any writt declaradon or suite of appeal of felony or murther, nor to any indictment or psentment of felony murther

Deficiencies of Statutes of Jeofail,

82 H. VIH. . c. 80.

18 Eliz. c. 14.

After verdict in a court of record, judgment shall not be staid or reversed, for variance in form, want of averment, erroneous venire of jury, 8cc. or appearance of infant by attorney.

II.

Not to extend to criminal appeals, or indictments on penal actions.

704

21 James I. c. 13,14,15.

A.D. 1623-4.

or treason, nor to any pcesse uppon any of them, nor to any writt bill action or informacion uppon any popular or penall statute; any thing therein contayned to the contrary notwithstanding.

On informations for intrusions on crown lands, whereof the King hath been out of possession for 20 years, the defendant may plead the general issue, and retain possession till title found for the King.

n.

Scire facias shall not be brought instead of information.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte to admytt the Subject to plead the Qenerall Yssue in Informations

of Intrusion.

\XJ HERE the King out of his prerogative royall, may inforce the subject in informacions of intrusion brought against him to a speciall pleading of his title, the King? most excellent Majestie out of his gracious disposicion toward? his loving subject?, and at their humble suit being willing to remitt a part of his auncient and regall power, is well pleased that it be enacted, and be it enacted by the King? most excellent Majestie, the lordf spiritual! and temporall and commons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same, that whensoever the King his heirs or successors, and such from or under whome the King claymeth, and all others clayming under the same title under which the King claymeth, hath byn or shalbe out of possession by the space of twentie yeares, or hath not or shall not have taken the profitfc? of any land? tenement? or hereditament? within the space of twentie yeares before any informacion of intrusion brought or to be brought to recover the same, that in every such case the defendant or defendant? may plead the generall issue, if he or they so thinke fitt, and shall not be pssed to plead specially, and that in such cases the defendant or defendant? shall reteine the possession he or they had at the tyme of such informacion exhibited, untill the title be tryed found or adjudged for the King.

And be it further enacted, that where an informacion of intrusion may fitly and aptly be brought on the King? behalf, that no scire, facias shalbe brought whereunto the subject shalbe forced to a spiall pleading, and be deprived of the grace intended by this Act.

CHAPTER XV.

Restitution of possession shall be jpven, to avoid forcible entries, &c. in estates for years.

An Acte to enable Judg? & Justic? of the Peace to geve Restitufim of

Possession in certayne Cases.

X>E it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, that such judges justices or justice of the peace, as by reason of any Act or Act? of Parliament now in force, are authorised and enabled uppon enquiry to give restitucion of possession unto tenant? of any estate of freehold, of their landf or tenement?, which shalbe entred uppon with force, or from them withholds by force, shall by reason of this psent Act have the like and the same authoritie and abilitie from henceforth uppon indictment of such forcible entries or forcible withholdinge before them duly found, to give like restitucion of possession unto tenant? for term of yeares, tenant? by copie of court rolle guardians by knight? service tenant? by elegit statute merchant and staple of land? or tenement? by them so holden, which shalbe entred uppon by force or holden from them by force.

21 James L & 16.

705

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte for lymytacon of Accons, and for avoyding of Suitf in Lawe.


And be it further enacted, that all accions of trespas, quare clausum fregit; all accions of trespas, detinue, accion sur trover and replevyn for taking away of goodf and cattell, all accions of accompt and uppon the case, other then such accomptf as conoeme the trade of merchandize betweene marchant and marchant, their factors or servant f, all accions of debt grounded upon any lending or contract without specialtie, all accions of debt for arrerages of rente, and all accions of assault menace battery wounding and imprisonment, or any of them which shalbe sued or brought at any tyme after the end of this psent session of Parliament shalbe comenced and sued within the tyme and lymitadon hereafter expssed, and not after, (that is to saie) the said accions uppon the case (other then for slander), and the said accions for accompt, and the said accions for trespas debt detinue and replevin, for goodf or cattell, and the said accion of trespass, quare clausum fregit, within three yeares next after the end of this psent session of Parliament, or within sixe yeares next after the cause of such accions or suit, and not after; and the said accions of trespas of assault battery wounding imprisonment, or any of them, within one yeare next after the end of this psent session of Parliament, or within foure yeares next after the cause of such accions or suite, and not after; and the said accions uppon the case for wordf, within one yeare after the end of this psent session of Parliament, or within two yeares next after the wordf spoken, and not after.

And neverthelesse be it enacted, that if in any the said accions or suitf, judgement be given for the plaintiffe, and the same be reversed by error, or a verdict passe for the plaintiffe, and uppon matter alledged in arrest of judgement, the judgement be given against the playntiffe, that he take nothing by his plaint writt or bill, or if any the said accions shalbe brought by originall, and the defendant therein be outlawed, and shall after reverse the outlawry, that in all such cases the partie plaintiffe his heirs executors or administrators, as the case shall require, may comen ce a new accion or suit from tyme to tyme within a yeare after such judgemente reversed, or such judgement given against the plaintiffe, or outlawry reversed, and not after.

And be it further enacted, that in all accions of trespas quare clausum fregit hereafter to be brought, wherein the defendant or defendantf shall disclaime in his or their plea to make any title or claime to the land in which the trespasse is by the declaration supposed to be done, and the trespas be by negligence, or involuntary, the defendant or defendantf shalbe admitted to pleade a disclaymer, and that the trespas was by negligence, or involuntary, and a tender or offer of sufficient amendf for such trespase before the accion brought, whereuppon or uppon some of them, the plaintiffe or plaintiffes shalbe enforced to joyne issue; and if the said issue be found for the defendant or defendantf, or the plaintiff or plaintifff shalbe nonsuted, the plaintiffe or plaintiffes shalbe clearlie barred from the said accion or accions and all other suite concerning the same.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that in all accions nppon the case for slanderous wordf to be sued or psecuted by any pson or

T T

m.

Limitation of time within which certain personal actions shall be brought, viz.

Actions on the case, account, trespass, replevin, &c. within six years;

assaults, Ac. within four years;

for words, within two years.

IV.

In case of reversal of judgment for error, Ac. new action may be brought within one year.

V.

After judgment for defendant, Ac. in trespas quare clausum fregit, upon disclaimer of defendant, Ac. plaintiff barred of his action.

VI In actions of slander, where

L

706

21 James I. c. 16, 23.

AJ). 1623tA

verdict is under 40s. plaintiff shall recover no more costs than damages.

VII. Infants, &c. may bring such personal actions within the several periods after their disability ceases.

Vexations, by removal of suits from inferior courts of record, into superior courts at Westminster, &c.

No writ of habeas corpus or certiorari, to remove such

psons in any the court? of recQr<j at Westminster, or in any court? whatsoever, that hath power to hold plea of the same, after the end of this psent session of Parliament, if the jury uppon the triall of the issue in such accion, or the jury that shall enquire of the damages, doe find or assesse the dammages under forty shilling?, then the plaintiffe or plaintiff? in such accion shall have and recover onlie soe much cost? as the dammages so given or assessed amount unto, without any further increase of the same; any law statute custome or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

(*) Provided nevertheless©, and be it further enacted, that if any pson or psons that is or shalbe intituled to any such accion of trespas detinue accion sur trover replevin accions of accompt? accions of debt? accion of trespas for assault menace battery wounding or imprisonment accions uppon the case for word?, bee or shalbe at the tyme of any such cause of accion given or accrued, fallen or come within the age of twentie one yeares, feme covert, non compose mentis, imprisoned or beyond the seas, that then such pson or psons shalbe at libertie to bring the same accions, soe as they take the same within such times as are before lymitted, after their coming to or being of full age, discovert, of sane memory, at large and rebomed from beyond the seas, as other peons having no such impediment should have done.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for avoyding of vexacons and delayes caused by removing Accons &

Suit? out of inferiour Court?.

WHEREAS there now are, and long tyme have been divers court? of [record?8] in divers cities liberties townes corporate and elsewhere, some of them being farre remote from Westminster, others from the court of grand sessions in Wales, which were principally ordeyned for the ease and quiett of such as should have occasion to sue there for debt? duties and wrong?, soe that they might with small expences receive justice according to the meritt? of their causes in those inferiour court? without being compelled to travell to Westminster or the court of the great sessions in Wales; but of late divers of his Majesties loving subject? having for just and true debt? and other good and lawfull causes commenced suit? in such inferiour court?, and gsecuted their accions and suit? many tymes ready for tryall, and the same causes being for the most parte but of small value have been removed into some of his Majesties court? at Westminster, or the court of the great sessions in Wales, and being remanded by procedendo into the same inferiour court? where the accion or suite was first comenced, the same have been againe often tymes removed into the same, or other of his Majesties court? at Westminster, or court of the great sessions in Wales, to the intollerable delay of justice, and great expences of money, and losse and trouble to those which justlie and honestlie by such accions and suit? have sought only to recover or get satisfeccion for debt? duties or wrong? owing due or done unto them: For remedy whereof be it enacted by the King? most excellent Majestie the lord? spirituall and temporal], and by the comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, that no writt or

2 record ft

JJ>, 143-4

21 Jxuss L

T»>T

wrin? o*

eorpasv certiorari. or uv ocher or wri«? jseees* or *^* *^_

-. cuter then wrist? oferror or attains,. to be sue.1 t'v>rth after the . v

pat ssemi of taruaaseut, by uy prou or {sons whatsoever wl ay of his Ifajesties c«i«( at Westminster. or the w«w of the i> Wtitf, or oat of any other eoait or court?. having or pleading to km power to award such wriu? or {eases to stay or wtww at\v *viou w*Uv mnk *r bill plaint suit or cause brought contented or depending. or hereafter to be

brought comenced or depending in any coart or court? of record within any U iU «\

dttae libertie towne corporate, or ebewhere. which have or shall have juris- * *..

diction power or authentic to hold plea in that action hill plaint suit or cause, «i th out the same cause of action bill plaint or suit uniting or growing within the said tittie libertie towne corporate or jurisdiction, shall after the end of this jWnt seen on of Parliament be received or allowed by the steward or steward* judge or judges or officer or officers of the court or court? wherein or to whom any such writt or writt? shalbe directed and delivered, but that he and they shall and may goeed in the said cause or causes as though no auoh writt or writt? were sued forth or delivered to him or them, except that the aaid writt or writt? be delivered to the steward or steward* judge or judges officer or officers of the said court, before issue or demurrer joyned in the said cause or causes, soe depending or to be depending in any auoh court of record in any citie libertie towne corporate, or elsewhere having power to hold snoh plea, soe as the said issue or demurrer be not joyned within sixe weekoa next after the arrest or app&r&nce of the defendant or defendant? to auoh aootou or suit comenced.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any ftuuh n. acdon bill plaint suit or cause which is or shall hereafter be brought comenced or depending in any sudi court of record in any oitie libertie towne oouri by procorporate or elsewhere, shall after the end of this Psent session of Parliament be removed or stayed by any such writt or writt? pcesse or pcesses to he sued removal, before foorth or out of any of his Majesties court? at Westminster, or the court of the ^ttdewunt' great sessions in Wales, or any other court as aforesaid, that if afterward*; the same acdon bill plaint suit or cause shalbe remanded or sent bocke againe by any writt or writt? of procedendo, or other writt whatsoever, that then the same acdon bill plaint suit or cause shall never afterward*; be removed or stayed before judgement by any writt or writt*' whatsoever to be sued forth or out of any of his Majesties said court* at Westminster, or the said court of great sessions of Wales, or any other court as aforesaid; any lawe statute customs usage or restraint to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that if in any scciou in. bill plaint suit or cause, not concerning freehold or inheritance or title of laud leaae or rent, which shalbe brought ofrnenced or depending in any such court <wuut/uiiw of record, or any dtie libertie towne corporate or elsewhere, if it shall appears or be layd in the declaration that the debt damages or thing* demanded doth uwv«d or shall not amount to or exceed the sftme of five pound?, that then such #uoil Uifuriyf action bill plaint suit or cause shall not be stayed nor removed into any of his Majesties court? at Westminster, or other court as aforesaid, by any writt or writt? whatsoever, to be sued or paecuted foorth or out of bin linjcwtitw said court? at Westminster or other court? us aforesaid, other then writt? of »>rrur

v v i

ueuru.

A.D. 1623-4.

IV. Judge of inferior court may disallow writs sued contrary to this Act

V.

Act shall extend only to courts where the judge, recorder, Ac. is a barrister of three years' standing.

VI.

Act shall not extend to foreign pleas.

Doubts how far lands and goods of persons dying in execution are liable to their debts;

the party at whose suit any person shall stand charged in execution may, after the

708 21 James I. c. 23, 24.

or attaint; any la we statute usage custome or restraint to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any writt or writt? whatsoever shalbe after the end of this psent session of Parliament graunted or sued forth or out of any his Majesties said court? at Westminster, or court of the great sessions in Wales, or other court, contrary to the intent and meaning of this psent Act, that then it shall and may be lawfoll to and for the judge or judges and officer or officers to whome such writt or writtf shalbe directed or delivered, to disallow and refuse the same, and to gceed as if no such writt or writt? had bene graunted or sued out or foorth as aforesaid; any lawe statute usage custome or restraint to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided al wales, that this Acte shall extend only to such court? of record in cities liberties townes corporate and elsewhere, and for soe long tyme only as there is or shalbe an utter barrister of three yeares standing at the barre of one of the foure Innes of Court, that is or shalbe steward under steward or deputie steward towne derke or judge or recorder of the same inferionr court or that is or shalbe from tyme to tyme assistant to such judge or judges of such inferiour courts as shall not be utter baristers of such standing as is aforesaid, and there psent, in which such accions billes plaint? suit? or causes is or shalbe brought comenced or depending, and not of councell in any accion suit or cause then depending in the same inferiour court; any thing in this psent Act, or any law or other statute usage custome or restraint to the contrary in any thing notwithstanding.

Provided, that this Act or any thing therein contayned shall not extend to any accion bill plaint suit or cause wherein any such foreine or other plea shalbe pleaded, as could not be tryed or determined within the jurisdiction of such inferior court?.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte for the releife of Creditors agaynst such psons as dye in Executm

T710RAS MTJCH as heretofore it hath been much doubted and questioned, if any pson being in prison and charged in execution by reason of any judgment given against him, should afterward? happen to die in execution, whether the partie at whose suite, or to whome such pson stood charged in execucion at the tyme of his death, bee for ever after concluded and barred to have execucion of the land? and good? of such pson so dying: And forasmuch as daylie experience doth manifest that divers psons of sufficiende in mil and personall estate, minding to deceive others of their just debt? for which they stood charged in execudon, have obstinatelie and willfully chosen rather to live and die in prison, then to make any satisfacdon according to their abilities: To pvent which deoeipt, and for the avoyding of such doubt? and questions hereafter, be it declared explayned and enacted by the King? most excellent Majestie the lord? spirituall and temporall and the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same, that from and after the end of this psent session of Parliament, the partie or parties, at whose suite, or to whome any pson shall stand charged in execution for any debt or dammag? recovered, his or their executors or administrators, may

A.D. 1623-4.

2\ Jamej$ I. c. 24, 25.

709

after the death of the said pson soe charged, and dying in execucion, lawfullie death of the sue forth and have new execucion against the land? and tenement? goodes ebuge^gue and chattell? or any of them of the pson soe deceased, in such manner and out a new exe-forme to all intent? and purposes as hee or they or any of them might have had by the lawes and statutes of this realme, if such pson soe deceased had goods, never been taken or charged in execucion.

(1) Provided alwaies and be it declared and enacted, that this Acte shall n. not extend to give libertie to any pson or psons their executors or adminis- to°u^s trators at whose suite or suites any such partie shalbe in execucion, and die in fide 801(1 for execucion, to have or take any new execucion against any the land? tenement? debts.*1*1 ° or hereditament? of such partie soe dying in execucion which shall at any tyme after the said judgement or judgement? bee by him sold bona fide for the payment of any of his creditors, and the money which shalbe payd for the land? so sold either paid or secured to be paid to any of his creditors with their privitie and consent, in discharge of his or their due debt? or of some part thereof; any thing before in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Acte for the Releife of Patentees Tenaunt? & Farmors of Crowne Land? in

Cases of Forfeyture.

"ppORASMUCH as the King? Majestie out of his gracious disposicion is and ever hath bene averse from taking any advantage, howsoever lawfull and just, against any of his subject? growing by any forfeiture breach of condicion or strict interpretation of his Highnes graunt? or Ires patent? or the graunt? or fres patent? of any of his royall predecessors, of any mannors landes tenement? or hereditament?, and yet the grauntees or patentees deriving their estates by or from his Majestie or his predecessors, have been too apt and ready to exact the advantage of such forfeiture, where his Majestie himselfe or his predecessors have not required the same, which hath beene ever held an unequall and extreme course, and hath many times been releived by suit? in court? of equity, though with the great charge and trouble of the parties endangered thereby: For remedy whereof, aswell where the King or any of his predecessors or successors, hath graunted or shall graunt the said mannors land? tenement? or hereditament? or any part thereof, or the reversion of any part thereof, to any other, as where the reversion remaynder or estate thereof is or shalbe in the King? Majestie or his successors, in the right of the crowne of England or dutchie of Lancaster, or otherwise his Majestie of his abundant grace toward? his loving subject?, is graciouslie pleased that it be enacted and be it enacted by the Kinges most excellent Majestie, by and with the assent of the lord? spirituall and temporall and comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the* authoritie of the same, that if any pson or psons bodies pollitique or corporate, having holding or possessing or which hereafter shall have hold or possesse any mannors landes tenement? or hereditament? by vertue or colour of any originall graunte or lease or assignement of the same made by the King? Majestie, or any of his

Vexations by grantees of the Crown taking advantage of forfeitures;

Where possessors of lands granted by the Crown hare made de&nlt in payment of

710

21 Saxes I. c. 25.

A.D. 162J-A

rent or services, afterwards answered to the Crown before any proceeding for forfeiture, no advantage thereof shall be taken for the Crown.

II.

None claiming under the Crown shall take any advantage of such default.

predecessors, or to be made by any of his successors for any nomber of yeares, for life or lives in fee tayle or fee simple, or other estate whereuppon any rent service or other dutie hath been is or shalbe reserved or payable with or under any condicion or limitacion of reentry cesser or to be void for default of payment of such rent or pformance of such service or dutie heretofore hath made, or any other by from or under whom© he claymeth, hath made, or any which hereafter shall have hold or possesse shall make any default therein, and yet after such default made such rent service or other dutie bath been or shalbQ aunswered paid or done unto his Majestie or any of his predecessors or successors into his or their receipt of the Exchequer or duchie of Lancaster or Court of Ward?, or to any other having authoritie to receive the same as the case shall require, before any advantage of such forfeiture or cause of forfeiture hath been or shalbe taken, and [and *] before any comission awarded to enquire, or other gcesse issued touching the said forfeiture or nonpayment of rent, that in all such cases no advantage shalbe taken by his Majestie his heires or successors of for or by reason of any such forfeiture or cause of forfeiture.

And be it further enacted, that no pson or psons clayming or which afterward? shall clayme by from or under his Majestie, or any of his predecessors or successors at any tyme after such cause or title of forfeiture given, shall in any wise have or take any benefitt or advantage by reason meanes or colour of such default made or to be made; but that every such estate forfeited or forfeitable by means or occasion of such default of payment of rent or pformance of service or other dutie, shalbe adjudged to contynue and have his being, as if no such default or cause of forfeiture had bene had or made; any lawe custome or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

STATUTES OF KING CHARLES THE FIRST.

1 CHARLES I. A.D. 1625.

i

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Eighteenth Day of June, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the First.

<&r ftotuto IJarliamnttt He atmo regia Carol*, $rtmo.

CHAPTER I.

Rot. Par!, nv. 1.

Profanation of the Lord's day;

An Acte for punishing of divers abuses comitted on the Lord? day called

Sunday.

FORASMUCH as there is nothing more acceptable to God then the true and sincere service and worshipp of Him according to His holy will, and that the holy keeping of the Lord? day, is a principal! part of the true service

1 An erroneous repetition on the roll. — O. omits.

1 Charles I. c. 1.

711

of God, which in very many places of this realme hath beene and now is pfaned and neglected by a disorderlie sort of people, in exercising and frequenting bearebaiting, bullbaiting, enterludes, comqn playes, and other unlawfull exercises and pastimes uppon the Lordf day; and for that many quarrellf bloodsheddf and other great inconveniences have growen by the resort and concourse of people going out of their owne parishes to such disordered and unlawfull exercises and pastimes neglecting divine service both in their owne parishes and elswhere, be it enacted by the Kingf most excellent Majestie, the lordf spirituall and temporal], and the cdmons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, that from and after no meetings fortie dayes next after the end of this session of Parliament, there shalbe no meetings assemblies or concourse of people out of their owne parishes on the their own Lord? day within this realme of England, or any the dominions thereof, for b^rbStin^ any sportf or pastimes whatsoever; nor any bearebaiting, bullbaiting, enter- &c. within ludes comon playes or other unlawfull exercises or pastimes used by any pson ^IJ*80^e or psons within their owne parishes, and that every pson and psons offending in any the pmisses, shall forfeit for every offence three shillingf foure pence, Penalty, 3 r. a d. the same to be employed and converted to the use of the poore of the parish by

where such offence shalbe comitted, and that any one justice of the peace of or in default, the countie, or the cheife officer or officers of any cittie borough or towne by

corporate where such offence shalbe comitted uppon his or their view, or confession of the partie, or proofe of any one or more witnesse by oath, which the said justice or cheife officer or officers shall by vertue of this Act have authoritie to minister, shall fynde any pson offending in the pmisses, the said justice or cheife officer or officers, shall give warrant under his or their hand and seale to the [constablesl] or churchwardens of the parishe or parishes where such offence shalbe comitted to levie the said penaltie so to be assessed, by way of distresse and sale of the goodf of every such offendor, rendring to the said offenders the overplus of the monie raised of the said goodf so to be sold, and in default of such distres, that the partie offending, be set publiquelie in the stockf by the space of three houres; and that if any man be sued or impeached for execucion of this la we, he shall and may plead the generall issue, and give the said matter of justification in evidence. Provided that no Limitation of man be impeached by this Act, except he be called in question within one proseciltlon' moneth next after the said offence c5mitted. Provided also, that the ecde- Proviso for siasticall jurisdiccion within this realme, or any the dominions thereof, by vertue of this Act or any thing therein conteyned, shall not be abridged, but that the Ecclesiasticall court may punish the said offences, os if this Acte had not bene made: . . . . ....

1 constable 0.

712

AD- 1627.

3 CHARLES I. A.D. 1627.

Reciting that by(25)34Ed.I. 8t 4. c. 1. by authority of Parliament holden 25 Ed. III. and by other laws of this realm, the King's subjects should not be taxed but by consent in Parliament;

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PABLIAHENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Seventeenth Day of March, In the THIRD Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the First.

ftottito ^arltamentt be Htmo ftegitt &egto Carolt, Certio.

CHAPTER I.

Rot. Parl. nv.i. The Peticion Exhibited to His Majestie by the Lordf SpirituaU and Temporall and C5mons in this psent Parliament assembled conSning divers Rightf and Liberties of the Subjects: with the Kingf Majesties Royal! Aunswere thereunto in full Parliament.

To the Kingf most excellent Majestie.

HUMBLY shew unto our soveraigne lord the King the lordf spiritual! and temporall and comons in Parliament assembled, that whereas it is declared and enacted by a Statute* made in the tyme of the r&igne of King Edward the First c5monly called Statutum de Tallagio non concedendo, that no tallage or ayde should be layd or levyed by the King or his heires in this readme without the good will and assent of the archbishopps bishopps earles barons knightf burgesses and other the freemen of the oomonaltie of this realms, and by authoritie of Parliament holden in the five and twentith yeare of the raigne of King Edward the Third, it is declared and enacted, that from thenceforth no peon should be compelled to make any loanes to the King against his will because such loanes were against reason and the franchise of the land, and by other lawes of this realme it is gvided, that none should be charged by any charge or imposicion called a benevolence nor by such like charge by which the statutes before mencioned and other the good lawes and statutes of this realme your subjects have inherited this freedoms that they should [not*] be compelled to contribute to any taxe tallage ayde or other like charge not sett by comon consent in Parliament.

Yet neverthelesse of late divers comissions directed to sundry oomissi(meis in severall counties with instruccions have issued, by meanes whereof your people have been in divers places assembled and required to lend certaine somes of mony unto your Majestie, and many of them uppon their refusall soe to doe have had an oath administred unto them not warrantable by the lawes or statutes of this realme and have been constrayned to become bound to make apparance and give attendance before your privie councell and in other places; and others of them have been therefore imprisoned confined and sondry other waies molested and disquieted and divers other charges have been laid and levied upon your people in severall counties by lord lieuteirtitf deputie lieutenant£ comissioners for musters justices of peace and others by comaund or direccion from your Majestie or your privie counoell against the lawes and free customes of the realme.

And where alsoe by the Statute called the Great Charter of the liberties of England, it is declared and enacted, that no freeman may be taken or imprisoned or be disseised of his freehold or liberties or his free customes or

n.

and that commissions hare of late issued on which proceedings have been had contrary to law.

m.

Reciting 9 Hen. 111. M. G. c. 29.

AJJL1«2T.

SOusueLdl. TW

koMffdUwaaraiiittMw^Ml ^kvMjMpwiA of him peeraa or tjr the kv rf tike kwJL

Ato b tk «i^i and tralilk yww rf tk nigs* of King Edward the AY. Third it w« dwtod ai attted by wtbrifa of Ok »>*» »f * AAA-

vkt estate or ctnfian tkl he k, sk«U W put «t *or taka aor afrimad Mr fckrited «w put to dtotV wttwnl faroBght to uhvcr for dw f«ee» of hva.

Kirnnnuss agunst the taw of the and dtttntoa wd other the good Y. loves and statutes of year realme to that end grided, divers of your subject? hare of kte been imprisoned vithont any cause shoved; And when for their tank Mmanx they were braoght before yonr justice* by your M^jeatiea writtf of £wwJL*ts,«t habeas corpus there to undergo* and receive as the court should order, and *

iMdTllhwi*

their keepers comaunded to certifie the causes of their detayner, no cause van '

certified, hut that they were detained by your Mtgeetiea special! cfouaund signified by the lordf of your privie counoell, and yet were returne*l hacke to severall prisons without being charged with any thing to which they might make aunswere according to the lave.

And whereas of late great companies of aouldiera and marriners have been *4 dispersed into divers counties of the realme, and the inhabitant against their will? have been compelled to reoeive them into their houses, and there to i* awtwoawit-suffer them to sojoume against the lawes and oustomea of this realme and to *

the great greivanoe and vex&cion of the people. at r«Miv« .

And whereas alsoe by authoritie of Parliament in the five and twentith VII. yeare of the raigne of filing Edward the Third it is declared and enacted that 14 * *' no man should be forejudged of life or limbe against the forma of the Qreat Charter and the lawe of the land, and by the said Great Charter, and other the lawes and statutes of this your realme no man ought to be adjudged to death but by the lawes established in this your realme, either by the ouatomes of the same realme or by Act? of Parliament And whereas no oflTendor of what kinde soever is exempted from the gceedingf to be used and punishment? to be inflicted by the lawes and statutes of this your realms, nevertbalessa of late «ui tb*i otm-[tyme1] divers comissions under your Majesties great seale have issued forth, j^IwdiwSw* by which certain© peons have been assigned and appointed oSmissioners toe gnu u*i with power and authoritie to goeed within the land aocording to the justice of martiall lawe against such souldiers or marriners or other dissolute peons wsrisi fiw. joyning with them as should comitt any murther robbery felony mutiny or other outrage or misdemeanor whatsoever, and by such sQmary course and order as is agreeable to martiall lawe and as is used in armies in tyme of warr to gceed to the try all and condemnation of such offenders, and them to cause to be executed and putt to death aocording to the lawe martiall.

By ptext whereof some of your Majesties subject? have been by some of the said oomissioners put to death, when and where, if by the lawes and statute of the land they had deserved death, by the same lawes and statute alsoe they might and by no other ought to have byn judged and executed.

And alsoe eundrie greivous offendora by colour thereof cUyming an exempcion have escaped the punisbmente due to them by the lawes and

1 interlined on the rolL

714

3 Charles I. c. 1, 2.

AJ). 1627.

vrn.

The petition.

Rot. Parl. nu. 4.

Carriers, drovers, &c. not to travel on Sunday.

statutes of this your realm©, by reason that divers of your officers and ministers of justic have unjustlie refused or forborne to pceed against such offendors according to the same lawes and statutes uppon ptence that the said offendors were punishable onelie by martiall law and by authoritie of such comissions as aforesaid. Which comissions and all other of like nature are wholly and directlie contrary to the said lawes and statutes of this your realme.

They doe therefore humblie pray your most excellent Majestie, that no man hereafter be compelled to make or yeild any guift loane benevolence taxe or such like charge without comon consent by Acte of Parliament, and that none be called to make aims were or take such oath or to give attendance or be confined or otherwise molested or disquieted concerning the same or for refusal! thereof. And that no freeman in any such manner as is before mencioned be imprisoned or deteined. And that your M&jestie would be pleased to remove the said souldiers and mariners and that your people may not be soe burthened in tyme to come. And that the aforesaid comissions for gceeding by martiall lawe may be revoked and annulled. And that hereafter no comissions of like nature may issue forth to any pson or gsons whatsoever to be executed as aforesaid, lest by colour of them any of your Majesties subject? be destroyed or put to death contrary to the lawes and franchise of the land.

All which they most humblie pray of your most excellent Majestie as their right? and liberties according to the lawes and statutes of this realme, and that your Majestie would also© vouchsafe to declare that the award? doing? and gceeding? to the pjudice of your people in any of the pmisses shall not be drawen hereafter into consequence or example. And that your Majestie would be alsoe graciouslie pleased for the further comfort and safetie of your people to declare your royall will and pleasure, that in the thing? aforesaid all your officers and ministers shall serve you according to the lawes and statutes of this realme as they tender the honor of your Majestie and the prosperitie of this kingdome.

Qua quidem peticoe lea & plenius inteffca p dem dnm regem tali? est responsum in pleno parliamento videlt. ty°. Soit droit fait come est desire.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for the further reformacion of sondry abuses o6mitted on the Lord?

Day comonlie called Sonday.

TjlORASMITCH as the Lord? day comonlie called Sunday is much broken and gfaned by carriers waggoners carters waynemen butchers and drovers of cattell to the great dishonor of God and reproach of religion, be it therefore enacted by the King? most excellent Majestie and the lord? spirituall and temporall and by the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same, that no carrier with any horse or horses nor waggonmen with any waggon or waggons nor carremen with any cart or cart? nor waynemen with anie wayne or waynes nor drovers with any cattell shall after fortie dales next after the end of this psent session of Parliament

3 Charles I. c. 2.

715

by themselves or any other travell nppon the said day, uppon paine that every peon and psons so offending shall lose and forfeit twentie shilling? for every such offence, or if any butcher by himselfe or any other for him by his privitie or consent shall after the end of the said fortie dales kill or sell any victuall nppon the said day, that then every such butcher shall forfait and lose for every such offence the some of six shilling? and eight pence the said offences and every of them being done in view of anie justice of (*) peace mayor or other head officer of any dttie or towne corporate within their lymitt? respectivelie or being proved uppon oath by two or more witnesses or by the confession of the partie offending before any such justice mayor or head officer within their severall limitt? respectivelie wherein such offence shalbe comitted, to which end every such justice mayor or head officer shall have power by this Act to minister an oath to such witnesse or witnesses. All which ndmes or penalties shall or may be levied by any constable or churchwarden by warrant from any such justice or justices of the peace mayor or other head officer as aforesaid within their severall lymitt? where such offence shalbe comitted or done by distresse and sale of the offendors good? rendring to the partie the overplus or shalbe recovered by any pson or psons that will sue for the same by bill plaint or informacion in any of his Majesties court? of record in anie cittie or towne corporate before his Majesties justices of the peace in their gener&U sessions of the peace. All which forfeitures shalbe imployed to and for the use of the . poore of the parishes where the said offences shalbe comitted or done saving onelie that it shalbe lawfull to and for any such justice mayor or head officer out of the said forfeitures to reward any such pson or psons that shall informe or otherwise gsecute any pson or psons offending against this psent Act according to their discrecions so that such reward exceed not the third part of the forfeiture.

Provided that such bill plaint or informacion shalbe comenced sued and psecuted in the countie city or towne corporate where such offence shalbe comitted and done and not elsewhere, wherein no essoyne proteccion or wager of lawe shall be allowed to the defendant, provided all wales that it shalbe lawful! for any constable or churchwarden that shall have any suit or accion brought against them for any distresse by them or any of them to be taken by force of this psent Act to pleade the generall issue, and to give the speciall matter in evidence. Provided likewise that no pson or psons whatsoever shalbe impeached by this Act, unlesse he be thereof questioned within six monethes after the offence comitted. Provided further that this Act shall not in any sort abridge or take away the authorise of the court? eccliasticall,................

i the 0.

Penalty 20$.

Batchers not to kill or sell on Sunday.

Penalty 6s. 8cL

Such offences being committed in view of justice, &c. or proved by oath of 'witnesses, or confession of the party.

Penalties how levied.

Distress.

Penalties to the poor; but justice, &c. may give part to informer.

Information, &c. prosecuted in county where onence committed.

General issue. Limitation of information, &c.

16 CHARLES I. A.D. 1640.

716

A.D. 1640.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Third Day of November, In the SIXTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the First.

<&! ftotulo iiarltamenti He araw &ejjm ftegte Carolt,

Bectmo «&cjrto.

CHAPTER X.

Rot Pari 16 Car. p. 2. nu. 6.

An Act for [the Regulating*] the Privie Councell and for taking away the Court commonly called the Star Chamber.

ia Charts, HL c. 29.

5 E. III. c. 9.

25 E. m. st. 5. c.4.

28 E. ILL c. 3.

42 E. ILL c. 3.

36E.III. c. 15.

a h. vn. c. 1. §1-

WHEREAS by the Great Charter many times confirmed in Parliament it * " is enacted that no freeman shall be taken or imprisoned or disseised of his freehold or liberties or free customes or be outlawed or exiled or otherwise destroyed and that the King will not passe upon him or condemn him but by lawfull judgement of his peers or by the law of the land and by another Statute made in the fifth yeare of the reigne of King Edward the Third it is enacted that no man shall be attached by any accusation nor fore judged of life or [lim 2] nor his lands tenements goods nor chattels seised into the Kings hands against the forme of the Great Charter and the law of the land and by another Statute made in the five and twentieth yeare of the reigne of the same King Edward the Third it is accorded assented and established that none shall be taken by petition or suggestion made to the King or to his councell unlesse it be by indictment or presentment of good and lawfull people of the same neighbourhood where such deeds be done in due manner or by processe made by writ originall at the common law and that none be put out of his franchise or freehold unlesse he bee duly brought in to answer and forejudged of the same by the course of [the *] law and if any thing be done against the same it shall be redressed and holden for none and by another Statute made in the eight and twentieth yeare of the reigne of the same King Edward the Third it is amongst other things enacted that no man of what estate or condition soever he be shall be put out of his lands or tenements nor taken nor imprisoned nor disinherited without being brought in to answer by due processe of law and by another Statute made in the two and fourtieth yeare of the reigne of the said King Edward the Third it is enacted that no man be put to answer without presentment before justices or matter of record or by due processe and writ originall according to the old law of the land and if any thing be done to the contrary it shall be void in law and holden for errour and by another Statute made in the six and thirtieth yeare of the same King Edward the Third it is amongst other things enacted that all pleas which shall be pleaded in any courts before any the Kings justices or in his other places or before any of his other ministers or in the courts and places of any other lords within the realm shall be entered and inrolled in Latine And whereas by the Statute made in the third yeare of King Heniy the Seaventh power is given to the chancellour the lord treasurer of England for the time being and the

A.D. 1640.

16 Charles I. c. lo.

717

keeper of the Eings privie seale or two of them calling unto them a bishop and a temporall lord of the Kings most honourable councell and the two chiefe justices of the Kings Bench and Common Pleas for the time being or other two justices in theire absence to proceed as in that Act is expressed for the punishment of some particular offences therein mentioned and by the Statute made in the one and twentieth yeare of King Henry the Eighth the president of the councell is associated to joyne with the lord chancellour and other judges in the said statute of the third of Henry the Seaventh mentioned But the said judges have not kept themselves to the points limited by the said statute but have undertaken to punish where no law doth warrant and to make decrees for things having no such authoritie and to inflict heavier punishments then by any law is warranted And forasmuch as all matters examinable or determinable before the said judges or in the court commonly called the Star Chamber may have theire proper remedy and redresse and theire due punishment and correction by the common law of the land and in the ordinary course of justice elsewhere And forasmuch as the reasons and motives inducing the erection and continuance of that court doe now cease and the proceedings censures and decrees of that court have by experience beene found to be an intolerable burthen to the subjects and the meanes to introduce an arbitrary power and government And forasmuch as the councell table hath of late times assumed unto it selfe a power to intermedle in civill causes and matters onely of private interest betweene party and party and have adventured to determine of the estates and liberties of the subject contrary to the law of the land and the rights and priviledges of the subject by which great and manifold mischeifes and inconveniencies have arisen and happened and much incertainty by meanes of such proceedings hath beene conceived concerning mens rights and estates For setling whereof and preventing the like in time to come. Be it ordained and enacted by the authority of this present Parliament that the said court commonly called the Star Chamber and all jurisdiction power and authority belonging unto or exercised in the same court or by any the judges officers or ministers thereof be from the first day of August in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty and one cleerely and absolutely dissolved taken away and determined and that from the said first day of August neither the lord chancellour or keeper of the great seale of England the lord treasurer of England the keeper of the Kings privie seale or .president of the councell nor any bishop temporall lord privy councellor or judge or justice whatsoever shall have any power or authoritie to heare examine or determine any matter or thing whatsoever in the said court commonly called the Star Chamber or to make pronounce or deliver any judgement sentence order or decree or to doe any judiciali or ministerial!, act in the said court and that all and every Act and Acts of Parliament and all and every article clause and sentence in them and every of them by which any jurisdiction power or authority is given limited or appointed unto the said court commonly called the Star Chamber or unto all or any the judges officers or ministers thereof or for any proceedings to be had or made in the said court or for any matter or thing to be drawn into question examined or determined there shall for so much as concemeth the said Court of Star Chamber and the power and authoritie thereby given unto it be from the said first day of August repealed and absolutely revoked and made void.

21 H.YUL

C. 20.

All matters examinable in the Star Chamber may be examinable and redressed by the common law.

CouncU table has assumed a power contrary to law.

Court of Star Chamber and all its powers dissolved.

718

16 Chables I. c. 10.

A.D. 1640.

n.

Like jurisdiction in several other courts repealed and taken away.

No court or council to have the like jurisdiction.

in.

The King or his privy council shall have no jurisdiction over any man's estate.

IV. Great officers and others offending;

First offence, penalty £500,

Second offence, penalty £1000.

Third offence, disabled.

[And be it likewise enacted that the like jorisdiction now used and exercised in the court before the president and councell in the marches of Wales and alsoe in the court before the president and councell established in the northern parts and also in the court commonly called the Court of the Dutchy of Lancaster held before the chancellor and councell of the court and alsoe in the Court of Exchequer of the countie palatine of Chester held before the chamberlaine and councell of that court the like jurisdiction being exercised there shall from the said first day of August one thousand six hundred fourty and one be alsoe repealed and absolutely revoked and made void any law prescription custome or usage or the said statute made in the third yeare of King Henry the Seventh or the statute made the one and twentieth of Henry the Eighth or any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore had or made to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding And that from henceforth no court councell or place of judicature shall be erected ordained constituted or appointed within this realme of England or dominion of Wales which shall have use or exercise the same or the like jurisdiction as is or hath beene used practised or exercised in the said Court of Star Chamber.1]

Be it likewise declared and enacted by authoritie of this present Parliament that neither his Majestie nor his privie councell have or ought to have any jurisdiction power or authority by English bill petition articles libell or any other arbitrary way whatsoever to examine or draw© into question determine or dispose of the lands tenements hereditaments goods or chattels of any the subjects of this kingdom© but that the same ought to be tried and determined in the ordinary courts of justice and by the ordinary course of the law.

And be it further provided and enacted that if any lord chancellor or keeper of the great scale of England lord treasurer keeper of the Kings privy seale president of the councell bishop temporall lord privy councellour judge or justice whatsoever shall offend or doe any thing contrary to the purport true intent and meaning of this law [then he or they shall for such offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds of lawfull money of England unto any party grieved his executors or administrators who shall really prosecute for the same and first obtain judgement thereupon to be recorded in any court of record at Westminster by action of debt bill plaint or information wherein no easoine protection wager of law aid prayer priviledge injunction or order of restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more then one imparlance and if any person against whom any such judgment or recovery shall be had as aforesaid shall after such judgement or recovery offend againein the same then he or they for such offence shall forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds of lawfull money of England unto any party greived his executors or administrators who shall really prosecute for the same and first obtain judgement thereupon to be recorded in any court of record at Westminster by action of debt bill plaint or information in which no essoine protection wager Of law aid prayer priviledge injunction or order of restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more than one imparlance and if any person against whom any such second judgement or recovery shall be had as aforesaid shall after such judgement or recovery offend againe in the same kind *] and shall be thereof duly convicted by indictment information or any

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

A.D. 16Ml

16 Chulb L 110.

715

oibr kwfaD ny or names that sack person sh convicted shall he from thenceforth dioMcJ nod become by vertoe of this Act incapable ipso beta to bare his and theire said office and offices respectively and shall be likewise disabled to make any gift grant conveyance or other disposition of may his lands tenements hereditaments goods or chattels or to take any benefit of any gift conveyance or legacy to his owne use.

And every person so offending shall likewise forfeit and loose onto the party grieved by any thing done contrary to the true intent and meaning of this law his trebble damages which be shall sustain and be pat unto by meanes or occasion of any such act or thing done the same to be recovered in any of his Majesties courts of record at Westminster by action of debt bill plaint or infor-macon wherein no essoine protection wager of law aid prayer priviledge injunction or order of restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more then one imparlance

And be it alsoe provided and enacted that if any person shall hereafter bo committed restrained of his fibertie or suffer imprisonment [by the order or decree of any such Court of Star Chamber or other court aforesaid now or at any time hereafter having or ptending to have the same or like jurisdiction power or authoritie to commit or imprison as aforesaid or by the command or warrant of the Kings Majestic his heires or successors in theire owne person or by the command or warrant of the councell board or of any of the lords or others of his Majesties privy councell1] that in every such case every person' so committed restrained of his libertie or suffering imprisonment upon demand or motion made by his councell or other imployed by him for that purpose unto the judges of the Court of Kings Bench or Common Pleas in open court shall without delay upon any pretence whatsoever for the ordinary fees usually paid for the same have forthwith granted unto him a writ of habeas corpus to be directed generally unto all and every sheriffs gaoler minister officer or other person in whose custody the party committed or restrained shall be [and the sheriffs gaoler minister officer or other pson in whose custody the pty so committed or restrained shall be *] shall at the return of the said writ & according to the command thereof upon due and convenient notice thereof given unto him [at the charge of the party who requireth or procureth such writ and upon securitie by bis owne bond given to pay the charge of carrying back the prisoner if he shall be remanded by the oourt to which he shall be brought as in like cases hath beene used such charges of bringing up and carrying backe the prisoner to be alwaies ordered by the court if any difference shall arise thereaboutx] bring or cause to be brought the body of the said party so committed or restrained unto and before the judges or justices of the said court from whence the same writ shall issue in open court and shall then likewise certifie the true cause of such his detainer or imprisonment and thereupon fh.e court within three court dayes after such return made and delivered in open court shall proeeed to examine and determine whether the cause of such commitment, appearing upon the said return he just and legall or not and shall thereupon do what to justice shall appertain* either by delivering bailing or remanding the prisoner and if any thing siiall otherwise wilfully done or omitted to be done by any judge justice officer or other jenoo aforementioned

i annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule,

V.

to th* pony

VL

Rwry porton committed contrary Hi thlt Act shall hate

cornua far the ordinary fa*

Caoae of detainer certified by aheriJT, Ac. and there' upon court to proceed.

Default by

interlined on the roDL

720

16 Chables L c. 10,11.

A.D. 1640.

Damages.

VII.

To -what courts this Act shall extend.

VIIL Limitation of information, &c.

Rot. Parl.

16 Car.p. S.

nu. 7.

1 Eli*. c. 1.

contrary to the direction and true meaning hereof that then such person so offending shall forfeit to the party grieved his trebble damages to be recovered by such meanes and in such manner as is formerly in this Act limited and appointed for the like penaltie to be sued for and recovered

[Provided alwaies and be it enacted that this Act and the severall clauses therein contained shall be taken and expounded to extend only to the Court of Star Chamber and to the said courts holden before the president and oouncell in the marches of Wales and before the president and councell in the northern parts and alsoe to the court commonly called the Court of the Dutchy of Lancaster holden before the chauncellour and councell of that court and alsoe in the Court of Exchequer of the county palatine of Chester held before the chamberlaine and councell of that court and to all courts of like jurisdiction to be hereafter erected ordained constituted or appointed as aforesaid and to the warrants and directions of the councell board and to the commitments restraints & imprisonments of any person or persons made commanded or awarded by the Kings Majesty his heires or successors in theire owne person or by the lords and others of the privie councell and every one of them And lastly provided and be it enacted that no person or persons shall be sued impleaded molested or troubled for any offence against this present Act unless© the party supposed to have so offended shall be sued or impleaded for the same within two yeares at the most after such time wherein the said offence shall be committed.1]

CHAPTER XL

An Act for repeal of a branch of a Statute primo Elizabethe concerning Commissioners for causes Ecclesiasticall.

WHEREAS in the Parliament holden in the first yeare of the reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth late Queene of England there was an Act made and established intituled An Act restoring to the Crowne the ancient jurisdiction over the state ecclesiasticall and spirituall and [aboshing*] all forreign power repugnant to the same in which Act amongst other things there is conteined one clause branch article or sentence whereby it was enacted to this effect namely that the said late Queenes Highnes her heires and successors Kings or Queenes of this realme should have full power and authoritie by vertue of that Act by letters patents under the great seal© of England to assign© name and authorize when and as often as her Highnes her heires or successors should thinke meet and convenient and for such and so long time as should please her Highnes her heires or successors such person or persons being naturall bora subjects to her Highnes her heires or successors as her Majestie her heires or successors should thinke meet to exercise use occupie and execute under her Highnes her heires and successors all manner of jurisdictions priviledges & [preheminence in any wise touching or concerning any spirituall or ecclesiasticall jurisdiction within these her realmes of England and Ireland or any other her Highness© dominions and countries and to visit reforme redresse order correct and amend all such errors heresies

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

2 abolishing 0. * 3preheminenc£ O.

A.D. 1640

16 Charles I. c. 11,15.

721

schismes abuses offences contempts and enormities whatsoever which by any

manner spirituaU or ecclesiastical! power authoritie or jurisdiction can or may

lawfully be reformed ordered redressed corrected restrained or amended to the

pleasure of Almighty God the encrease of vertue and the conservation of the

peace and unity of this realme and that such person or persons so to be

named assigned authorised and appointed by her Highnes her heires or

successors after the said letters patents to him or them made and delivered as

aforesaid should have full power and authority by vertue of that Act and of

the said [leters1] patents under her Highnes ^her heires or successors to

exercise use and execute all the premisses according to the tennour and effect

of the said letters patents any matter or cause to the contrary in any wise

notwithstanding And whereas by colour of some words in the foresaid High Commi*-

branch of the said Act whereby commissioners are authorized to execute theire slon

commission according to the tenour and effect of the Kings letters patents and

by letters patents grounded thereupon the said commissioners have to the

great and insufferable wrong and oppression of the Bongs subjects used to fine used to fine and

and imprison them and to exercise other authority not belonging to eccle- ^e^mischiefe

siasticall jurisdiction restored by that Act and diverse other great mischeifs km* ensued

° , therefrom.

and inconveniences have alsoe ensued to the Kings subjects by occasion of the

said branch and commissions issued thereupon and the executions thereof

Therefore for the repressing and preventing of the foresaid abuses mischeifs

and inconveniences in time to come be it enacted by the Kings most Thesaid branch

excellent Majestie and the lords and commons in this present Parliament repealed.

assembled and by the authoritie of the same that the foresaid branch clause

article or sentence contained in the said Act and every word matter and thing

contained in that branch clause article or sentence shall from henceforth be

repealed annulled revoked annihilated and utterly made void for ever any

thing in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

a.

[And be it further enacted that from and after the said first day of IV. August H no new court shall be erected ordeined or appointed within this ^be^ctS1 realme of England or dominion of Wales which shall or may have the like with the like power jurisdiction or authoritie as the said High Commission Court now hath power* or pretendeth to have But that all and every such letters patents commissions and grants made or to be made by his Majestie his heires or successors and all powers and authorities granted or pretended or mentioned to be granted thereby and all acts sentences and decrees to be made by vertue or colour thereof shall be utterly void and of none effect1 2]

CHAPTER XV.

An Act against diverse Incroachments and Oppressions in the Stannarie

Courts. PI

WHEREAS King Edward the First of famous memory did for the 2 " amendment of the stannaries in the countie of Devon grant diverse franchises and liberties to the tynners there And whereas in the Parliament in

RoL Park 16 Car. p. 2. nic. 11.

E. I. charter to tinners of Devon.

1 Ires. p that is, 1st August 1641-1

2 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

P Rep. as to so much as relates to the form and manner of objecting to the jurisdiction of the stannary courts, or is at variance with that Act, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 32. s. 18.1

720

16 Chablbb L c. 10,11.

A.D. 1640.

Damages.

VII.

To what courts this Act shall extend.

VIIL Limitation of information, &c.

contrary to the direction and true meaning hereof that then such person bo offending shall forfeit to the party grieved his trebble damages to be recovered by such meanes and in such manner as is formerly in this Act limited and appointed for the like penaltie to be sued for and recovered

[Provided alwaies and be it enacted that this Act and the severall clauses therein contained shall be taken and expounded to extend only to the Court of Star Chamber and to the said courts holden before the president and counoell in the marches of Wales and before the president and councell in the northern parts and alsoe to the court commonly called the Court of the Dutchy of Lancaster holden before the chauncellour and councell of that court and alsoe in the Court of Exchequer of the county palatine of Chester held before the chamberlaine and councell of that court and to all courts of like jurisdiction to be hereafter erected ordained constituted or appointed as aforesaid and to the warrants and directions of the councell board and to the commitments restraints & imprisonments of any person or persons made commanded or awarded by the Kings Majesty his heires or successors in theire owne person or by the lords and others of the privie councell and every one of them And lastly provided and be it enacted that no person or persons shall be sued impleaded molested or troubled for any offence against this present Act unlesse the party supposed to have so offended shall be sued or impleaded for the same within two yeares at the most after such time wherein the said offence shall be committed.1]

CHAPTER XL

Rot. Parl.

16 Car.p. S. 7.

1 Eli*, c. 1.

§18.

An Act for repeal of a branch of a Statute primo Elizabethe concerning Commissioners for causes Ecclesiastical!.

WHEREAS in the Parliament holden in the first yeare of the reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth late Queene of England there was an Act made and established intituled An Act restoring to the Crowne the ancient jurisdiction over the state ecclesiastical! and spiritual! and [aboshing*] all forreign power repugnant to the same in which Act amongst other things there is conteined one clause branch article or sentence whereby it was enacted to this effect namely that the said late Queenes Highnes her heires and successors Kings or Queenes of this realme should have full power and authoritie by vertue of that Act by letters patents under the great seale of England to assigne name and authorize when and as often as her Highnes her heires or successors should thinke meet and convenient and for such and so long time as should please her Highnes her heires or successors such person or persons being naturall bora subjects to her Highnes her heires or successors as her Majestie her heires or successors should thinke meet to exercise use occupie and execute under her Highnes her heires and successors all manner of jurisdictions priviledges & [preheminence 8] in any wise touching or concerning any spirituall or ecclesiastical! jurisdiction within these her re&lmes of England and Ireland or any other her Highnesse dominions and countries and to visit reforme redresse order correct and amend all such errors heresies

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

2 abolishing 0. , 8 preheminencf O.

A.D. 1640

16 Charles I. c. 11,15.

721

schismes abuses offences contempts and enormities whatsoever which by any

manner spiritu&U or ecclesiasticall power authoritie or jurisdiction can or may

lawfully be reformed ordered redressed corrected restrained or amended to the

pleasure of Almighty God the encrease of vertue and the conservation of the

peace and unity of this realme and that such person or persons so to be

named assigned authorised and appointed by her Highnes her heires or

successors after the said letters patents to him or them made and delivered as

aforesaid should have full power and authority by vertue of that Act and of

the said peters1] patents under her Highnes ^her heires or successors to

exercise use and execute all the premisses according to the tennour and effect

of the said letters patents any matter or cause to the contrary in any wise

notwithstanding And whereas by colour of some words in the foresaid High Commis-

branch of the said Act whereby commissioners are authorized to execute theire 81011001114

commission according to the tenour and effect of the Kings letters patents and

by letters patents grounded thereupon the said commissioners have to the

great and insufferable wrong and oppression of the Kings subjects used to fine used to fine and

and imprison them and to exercise other authority not belonging to eccle- J^Tmischiefe

siasticall jurisdiction restored by that Act and diverse other great mischeifs

and inconveniences have alsoe ensued to the Kings subjects by occasion of the

said branch and commissions issued thereupon and the executions thereof

Therefore for the repressing and preventing of the foresaid abuses mischeifs

and inconveniences in time to come be it enacted by the Kings most The said branch

o of 1 o i

excellent Majestie and the lords and commons in this present Parliament repealed, assembled and by the authoritie of the same that the foresaid branch clause article or sentence contained in the said Act and every word matter and thing contained in that branch clause article or sentence shall from henceforth be repealed annulled revoked annihilated and utterly made void for ever any thing in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.



[And be it further enacted that from and after the said first day of IV. August M no new court shall be erected ordeined or appointed within this realme of England or dominion of Wales which shall or may have the like with the like power jurisdiction or authoritie as the said High Commission Court now hath power* or pretendeth to have But that all and every such letters patents commissions and grants made or to be made by his Majestie his heires or successors and all powers and authorities granted or pretended or mentioned to be granted thereby and all acts sentences and decrees to be made by vertue or colour thereof shall be utterly void and of none effect2]

CHAPTER XV.

An Act against diverse Incroachments and Oppressions in the Stannarie

Courts. IbJ

WHEREAS King Edward the First of famous memory did for the " * amendment of the stannaries in the countie of Devon grant diverse franchises and liberties to the tynners there And whereas in the Parliament in * 8

1 tres. ja that is, 1st August 1641.]

8 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

]b Rep. as to so much as relates to the form and manner of objecting to the jurisdiction of the stannary courts, or is at variance with that Act, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 32. s. 18.]

RoU Park 16 Car. p. S. nil. 11.

E. I. charter to tinners of Devon.

722

16 Charles I. c. 15.

A.D. 1640.

Explained

50E.JII.

Bequest of the commons.

Answer.

Further request of the commons.

Answer.

8 R. II. charter to be executed.

The like charter to tinners in Cornwall.

Declaration that tinners of Cornwall and Devon have enjoyed liberties.

the fiftieth year© of King Edward the Third upon the petition of the commons of the countie of Devon certaine branches and articles of the said charter were explained in manner following that is to say whereas one article of the said charter is in these words following viz. Sciatis nos ad emendationem Stannaria-rum nostrag in Com Devon ad tranquilitatem et utilitatem Stannato£ nfo£ pdooj earundem Concessisse pro nobis et heredibj nris Quod omnes Stannatores pdcti operantes in Stannariis illis que sunt Dominica nra dum operantur in eisdem Stannariis liberi sint et quieti de placitis nativoj et de omnibj placitis et querelis Curiam nfam et heredum nrog qualitercunq^ tangefi Ita quod non respondeant coram aliquib3 Justiciariis vel Ministris nris seu heredii nroj de aliquo placito seu querela infra pdictas Stannarias emergen nisi coram Custode nfo Stannariag nra£ pdcag qui pro tempore fuit (excepi placitis terr vite et membrojs) nec recedant ab operation^ suis per summoniconem alicojus Ministro£ nroj seu heredu nro£ nisi per summoniconem communem dS Custodis nri Et quod quieti sint de omnib5 tallag Theolon stallag auxiliis et aliis custumis quibuscunqj in villis portubj feriis et mercatis infra Corn pd de bonis suis ppriis &c. Whereupon the said commons prayed a declaration as followeth: Requeste Sur qoi plese declarer si auters persons q les Esteymos overantz in les Estemeryes avont et enjoyeront la franchise gnte per la dite cbartre du Roy desicome la dite chartre voet Quod omnes Stannatores pdci operantes m Stannariis illis sint liberi &c. Et auters psons q les ovours cestassavoir los Maistres que les lovent et los servants et auters claymont mesme la franchise Et auxint plese declarer si les ditz ovours y avont les franchises in auters temps q quant ils avont in mesme Lestemery desicome la cfcre voet Dum operantur in eisdem Stannariis sint liberi &c. ' Upon which request answer was made as followeth Respons En droit de les dites paroles operantes in Stannariis illis et dum operantur in eisdem Stannariis. Soient clerement entenduz de operariis laborantibj duntaxat in Stannariis illis sine fraude et dolo et non de aliis nec alibi laborantib3 And whereas the said commons prayed a further declaration as followeth Requeste Item soit dedarrez si le Gardein de Lestemery puisse tenir plee inter Esteymo et Fqrreyn de querele sourdante aillos q en les lieux ou ils sont ovafitz desicome la chre voet. Quod Custos noster pdcus vel ejus locum tenens teneat omnia placita inter Stannatores pdcos emergen et etiam inter ipsos et alios forinsecos de omnib3 transgressionib3 querelis et contractibj factis in locis in quib3 operantur infra Stannarias pdcas similiter emergen &c. Quar il tient plee des tieux quereles sourdantz in chescune parte deins le dit Counte. Upon which answer was made in these words viz. Reap. Et en droit de ceste Article se ent extend la Jurisdiction clerement solone les paroles del dit chre cestassavoir In locis ubi iidem operarii operantur et nemy aillours ne en autre manere Which charter so declared was repeated again and in the eighth yeare of the reigne of King Richard the Second commanded to be put in execution And whereas the said King Edward the First made the like charter to the tynners in the countie of Cornwall which charter was in the foresaid Parliament upon the request of the commons of the county of Cornwall declared in the same manner and words. And whereas the tynners of the counties of Devon and Cornewall have by vertue of the said charters enjoyed diverse and great liberties and are quit from all tolls tallages aydes and other customes in the villes ports fairs and markets within the said counties respectively which great liberties do of right belong to the working

A.D. 1640.

16 Charles I. c. 15.

723

tynner working without fraud or deceit in the stannaries aforesaid and not to any other nor else where working and were granted to the said tynners for theire encouragement in theire works And whereas of late yeares sundry inhabitants within the said countyes and others to entitle themselves to the said liberties have by fraud and covine for small or no considerations bought & acquired and do buy and acquire to themselves decayed tynneworkes and small and inconsiderable parts in the same and other tynneworks which abuses are done principally to inable the said false and fained tynners to vex and sue theire neighbors in the stannary courts where for the most part the defendant is unjustly debarred his costs although the cause be adjudged with him and the jurisdiction of the said stannaries hath contrary to ancient right and usage and the said charters been endeavoured to be extended out of the places where the tynners doe worke through the whole counties of Devon and Cornwall respectively which is no way for the benefit of his Majestie but for the singular lucre of some private persons And whereas by the said abuses great inconveniences doe follow (that is to say) the inhabitants of the said counties are miserably vexed oppressed and imprisoned his Majesty defrauded of his aides and customes and the lords and owners of faires markets and other franchises of their tolls and duties and the government of the countrey exceedingly confounded and eluded the said false and fained tynners claiming when they list to be tynners and when they list to bee forreiners besides that if timely provision be not made the eertaine decay of his Majesties profit in the tynneworkes will ensue for that the same being divided into so many hands and parts cannot conveniently be set on worke nor contribution raised for the working the same Be it therefore enacted by his Majestie and the lords spirituall and temporall and the commons in this present Parliament assembled that the said declarations be henceforth held and duely observed with this that the words of the said charters and declarations In locis ubi operantur be expounded of the vill tithing and hamlet where some tynne worke in worke is scituate and not else where and no longer then the same tynne worke is or shall be in working And if any person or persons that shall be sued in the said stannaries shall swear or tender his or theire oath in the said court where he or they shall be sued that he or they are not nor is nor time of the suit commenced was not nor were a tynner or tynners then such defendant or defendants shall be forthwith discharged of such suit unlesse that the plaintiffe or plaintiffs do forthwith make oath that the said plaintiffe or plaintiffs is or are true and working tynners without fraud or deceit and that the cause of his or theire suit arose within the said stannaries or concemeth tynne or tynne works And if any person being not re vera and without fraud a working and labouring tynner in or about some tynne worke set on worke within one halfe yeare next before his suit shall sue prosecute or implead in any the said courts or before the warden vice warden or steward of the said stanaries any person or persons that is or are not a tynner or tynners at the time of such suit comenced then the defendant and defendants [in*] every such case shall have his and theire action at the common law against such person suing or prosecuting wherein he shall recover ten pounds and his dammages

Abuse of liberties recited.

The former declarations confirmed.

In locis ubi operantur, how expounded.

None but tinners to be sued, unless by working tinners.

Oath by plaintiff.

Persons not tinners sued by others not tinners shall have their action.

Such action to be brought within two years, or before the warden, &c.

724

16 Charles 1. a 15.

A.D. 1640.

IL

Costs in stannary courts.

III. Tinners may sne foreigners at the common law.

1Y.

Abuses by poor bailiffs in the stannaries recited.

How sureties may be sued.

Y.

Execution sometimes had before arrest.

No defendant condemned on bailiff's return, unless on a note subscribed by party.

No bail, unless note given.

YX Return of rescouf.

and costs of suit provided that such action be brought within two yeares next after the action or suit brought in the said stannary courts or before the said warden vice warden or steward.

And be it declared and enacted that in all cases where the plaintiffe or defendant plantiffes or defendants are to have costs by the lawes or statutes of this realm there alsoe the plaintiffs and defendants shall have the like costs in the stannarie courts.

And in regard that the said charters were granted for the ease and advantage of the tynners and not for theire disadvantage or oppression and yet diverse of them who for speciall reasons have desired to sue at the common law have beene restrained bee it declared and enacted that it shall be lawfull to and for the said tynners if they thinke fit to sue any forreiners at the common law the said charter or any usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas the bailiffs of the said stannary courts are very numerous and are persons of small or no credit and yet upon their return that any person is become surety for any other upon arrest by prooes out of the said courts such person who sometimes knowes nothing of the matter is by false returns of the said bayliffes made lyable to the debt or demand which bailiffes by reason of theire poverty are often not responsible and so the party without remedie be it enacted that no person or persons be charged or troubled as surety by any return of any bayliffe or bailiffes of the said stannaries unlesse that the person or persons returned surety or sureties shall in the presence of two witnesses subscribe or signe a note in writing that such person or persons is or are become surety or sureties which note shall mention the names of the plaintiffes and defendants in the suit and the sum or dammages in demand and the nature of the action and shall be signed or subscribed by the said witnessed and returned and filed in the court out of which such processe shall issue and no bailiffe or bailiffs of the said stannaries shall be admitted as witnesses to any such note.

And whereas in the said stannaries it is used that if the bailiffs return any person arrested that if such person make default at the day he shall be condemned and execution is suddenly awarded when as often the party was not arrested. Be it further enacted that no defendant shall be condemned upon such return for not appearing unlesse alsoe a note under the hand or signe of the partie arrested and subscribed by two such witnesses as aforesaid be returned into the said court at or before the day of appearance and the said bailiffe or bailiffs shall take but foure pence for every such note as aforesaid and it is provided that none shall be bailed upon arrest there till he give such note.

And in case any the said bailiffe or bailiffs shall return a rescous against any person or persons he or they shall be admitted to traverse the said return which traverse if it be found with him or them so traversing then he or they shall be no further troubled or occasioned by reason of such return.

12 CHARLES II. A.D. 1660.

A.D. 1660.

725

STATUTES HADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Twenty-fifth Day of April, In the TWELFTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second.

l&otttlo flarUamnttf Hr Stotto ftegnt IfctjCarol! ^enmUt, BaoHrrimo.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Act takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Oapite and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for setling a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof

WHEREAS it hath beene found by former experience that the courts of Wardf and Liveries and tenures by knights service either of the King or others, or by knights service in capite or soccage in capite of the King and the consequents upon the same have beene much more burthensome grievous and prejudidall to the kingdome then they have beene beneficiall to the King, And whereas since the intermission of the said court which hath beene from the fower and twentyeth day of February which was in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and five many persons have by will and otherwise made disposall of their land? held by knight service whereupon diverse questions might possibly arise unlesse some seasonable remedy be taken to prevent the same Bee it therefore enacted by the King our soveraigne lord with the assent of the lord? and commons in Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same and it is hereby enacted that the Court of Wardf and Liveries and all wardships liveries primer-seizins and ouster-le-mains values and forfeitures of marriages by reason of any tenure of the Kings Majesty or of any other by knights service and all meane rates and all other gifts grants charges incident or ariseing for or by reason of wardships liveries primer seizins or ouster-le-main, be taken away and discharged and are hereby enacted to be taken away and discharged from the said twenty fourth day of February one thousand six hundred forty five, any law, statute customs or usage to the contrary hereof [inl] any wise notwithstanding, and that all fines for alienation seizures and pardons for alienations tenure by homage and all charges incident or ariseing for or by reason of wardship livery primer-seizin or ouster-le-main or tenure by knights service escuage and also aide pur file marrier et pur faier fitz chivalier and all other charges incident therunto be likewise taken away and discharged from the said twenty fourth day of February one thousand six hundred forty and five, any law statute custome or usage to the contrary hereof [in2] any wise notwithstanding, and that all tenures by knights service of the King, or of any other person and by knights service in capite, and by soccage in capite of the King and the fruits and consequents thereof happened or which shall or may hereafter happen or arise thereupon or thereby be taken away and discharged any law statute custome or usage to the contrary hereof any wise notwithstanding, and all tenures of any honours mannours landf tenements or hereditaments of any estate of inheritance at the common law held either of the King or of any other person or persons bodyes pollitique or corporate are

Bot. Pari.

12 C. II. p. 8. nu. 4.

The reasons for passing this Act.

The Court of Wards and liveries, primer-seizin, &c. taken away.

Fines for alienation, &c. taken away.

Tenures by knights service, and tenures in capite taken away.

Tenures herein mentioned turned into free and common socage.

1 0. omits.

714

3 Chables I. a 1, 2.

A.D. 1627.

vm.

The petition.

Rct.ParLnu.4.

Carriers, drovers, & c. not to travel on Sunday.

statutes of this your realme, by reason that divers of your officers and ministers of justic have unjustlie refused or forborne to pceed against such offendors according to the same lawes and statutes uppon ptence that the said offendors were punishable onelie by martiall law and by authoritie of such comissions as aforesaid. Which comissions and all other of like nature are wholly and directlie contrary to the said lawes and statutes of this your realme.

They doe therefore humblie pray your most excellent Majestie, that no man hereafter be compelled to make or yeild any guift loane benevolence taxe or such like charge without comon consent by Acte of Parliament, and that none be called to make aunswere or take such oath or to give attendance or be confined or otherwise molested or disquieted concerning the same or for refusall thereof. And that no freeman in any such manner as is before mencioned be imprisoned or deteined. And that your Majestie would be pleased to remove the said souldiers and mariners and that your people may not be soe burthened in tyme to come. And that the aforesaid comissions for pceeding by martiall lawe may be revoked and annulled. And that hereafter no comissions of like nature may issue forth to any pson or psons whatsoever to be executed as aforesaid, lest by colour of them any of your Majesties subject? be destroyed or put to death contrary to the lawes and franchise of the land.

All which they most humblie pray of your most excellent Majestie as their rights and liberties according to the lawes and statutes of this realme, and that your Majestie would alsoe vouchsafe to declare that the award? doing? and pceeding? to the pjudice of your people in any of the pmisses shall not be drawen hereafter into consequence or example. And that your Majestie would be alsoe graciouslie pleased for the further comfort and safetie of your people to declare your royall will and pleasure, that in the thing? aforesaid all your officers and ministers shall serve you according to the lawes and statutes of this realme as they tender the honor of your Majestie and the prosperitie of this kingdome.

Qua quidem peticoe lea & plenius inteftca p tfcm dnm regem tali! est responsum in pleno parliamento videlt. ty°. Soit droit fait come est desire.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for the further reformation of sondry abuses oomitted on the Lord? Day comonlie called Sonday.

FORASMUCH as the Lord? day comonlie called Sunday is much broken and pfaned by carriers waggoners carters waynemen butchers and drovers of cattell to the great dishonor of God and reproach of religion, be it therefore enacted by the King? most excellent Majestie and the lord? spirituall and temporall and by the comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same, that no carrier with any horse or horses nor waggonmen with any waggon or waggons nor carremen with any cart or cart? nor waynemen with anie wayne or waynes nor drovers with any cattell shall after fortie daies next after the end of this psent session of Parliament

A.D. 1627.

3 Charles I. c. 2.

715

by themselves or any other travell uppon the said day, nppon paine that every pson and psons so offending shall lose and forfeit twentie shilling? for every such offence, or if any butcher by himselfe or any other for him by his privitie or consent shall after the end of the said fortie dales kill or sell any victual! uppon the said day, that then every such butcher shall forfait and lose for every such offence the some of six shilling? and eight pence the said offences and every of them being done in view of anie justice of (*) peace mayor or other head officer of any cittie or towne corporate within their lymitt? respectivelie or being proved uppon oath by two or more witnesses or by the confession of the partie offending before any such justice mayor or head officer within their severall limitt? respectivelie wherein such offence shalbe comitted, to which end every such justice mayor or head officer shall have power by this Act to minister an oath to such witnesse or witnesses. All which nomes or penalties shall or may be levied by any constable or churchwarden by warrant from any such justice or justices of the peace mayor or other head officer as aforesaid within their severall lymitt? where such offence shalbe comitted or done by distresse and sale of the offendors good? rendring to the partie the overplus or shalbe recovered by any pson or psons that will sue for the same by bill plaint or informacion in any of his Majesties court? of record in anie cittie or towne corporate before his Majesties justices of the peace in their generall sessions of the peace. All which forfeitures shalbe imployed to and for the use of the poore of the parishes where the said offences shalbe comitted or done saving onelie that it shalbe lawfull to and for any such justice mayor or head officer out of the said forfeitures to reward any such pson or psons that shall informe or otherwise gsecute any pson or psons offending against this psent Act according to their discrecions so that such reward exceed not the third part of the forfeiture.

Provided that such bill plaint or informacion shalbe comenced sued and psecuted in the countie city or towne corporate where such offence shalbe comitted and done and not elsewhere, wherein no essoyne protection or wager of lawe shall be allowed to the defendant, provided allwaies that it shalbe lawfull for any constable or churchwarden that shall have any suit or action brought against them for any distresse by them or any of them to be taken by force of this psent Act to pleade the generall issue, and to give the speciall matter in evidence. Provided likewise that no pson or psons whatsoever shalbe impeached by this Act, unlesse he be thereof questioned within six monethes after the offence comitted. Provided further that this Act shall not in any sort abridge or take away the authoritie of the court? eccliasticall,................

Penalty 20a

Butchers not to kill or sell on Sunday.

Penalty 6a 8<L

Such offences being committed in view of justice, &c. or proved by oath of witnesses, or confession of the

party.

Penalties how levied.

Distress.

Penalties to the poor; but justice. See. may give part to informer.

Information, &c. prosecuted in county where offence committed.

General issue.

limitation of

information,

&c.

1 the O.

716

A.D. 1640.

16 CHARLES I. A.D. 1640.

Rot. Pari 16 Car. p. 2. nu. 6.

Magna Charta, 9 H. HI. c. 29.

5 £. IH. c. 9.

25 B. HI. at. 5. c.4.

98 £. DLL c. 8.

42 E. I1L c. 8.

36E.HLc.15.

8 H. VII. c. 1.

§1.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Third Day of November, In the SIXTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the First.

<£j; ftotulo ^arliamentt He Smto &egnt $t0t0 Carolt,

Bectmo

CHAPTER X.

An Act for [the Regulating *] the Privie Councell and for taking away the Court commonly called the Star Chamber.

WHEREAS by the Great Charter many times confirmed in Parliament it * " is enacted that no freeman shall be taken or imprisoned or disseised of his freehold or liberties or free cuStomes or be outlawed or exiled or otherwise destroyed and that the King will not passe upon him or condemn him but by lawfull judgement of his peers or by the law of the land and by another Statute made in the fifth yeare of the reigne of King Edward the Third it is enacted that no man shall be attached by any accusation nor fore judged of life or [lim 2] nor his lands tenements goods nor chattels seised into the Kings hands against the forme of the Great Charter and the law of the land and by another Statute made in the five and twentieth yeare of the reigne of the same King Edward the Third it is accorded assented and established that none shall be taken by petition or suggestion made to the King or to his counoell unlesse it be by indictment or presentment of good and lawftill people of the same neighbourhood where such deeds be done in due manner or by processe made by writ originall at the common law and that none be put out of his franchise or freehold unlesse he bee duly brought in to answer and forejudged of the same by the course of [the *] law and if any thing be done against the same it shall be redressed and holden for none and by another Statute made in the eight and twentieth yeare of the reigne of the same King Edward the Third it is amongst other things enacted that no man of what estate or condition soever he be shall be put out of his lands of tenements nor taken nor imprisoned nor disinherited without being brought in to answer by due processe of law and by another Statute made in the two and fourtieth yeare of the reigne of the said King Edward the Third it is enacted that no man be put to answer without presentment before justices or matter of record or by due processe and writ originall according to the old law of the land and if any thing be done to the contrary it shall be void in law and holden for errour and by another Statute made in the six and thirtieth yeare of the same King Edward the Third it is amongst other things enacted that all pleas which shall be pleaded in any courts before any the Kings justices or in his other places or before any of his other ministers or in the courts and places of any other lords within the realm shall be entered and inrolled in Latine And whereas by the Statute made in the third yeare of King Henry the Seaventh power is given to the chancellour the lord treasurer of England for the time being and the

A.D. 1640.

16 Charles I. c. 10.

717

keeper of the Bangs privie seal© or two of them calling unto them a bishop and a temporal! lord of the Kings most honourable councell and the two chiefe justices of the Kings Bench and Common Fleas for the time being or other two justices in theire absence to proceed as in that Act is expressed for the punishment of some particular offences therein mentioned and by the Statute made in the one and twentieth yeare of Bong Henry the Eighth the president of the councell is associated to joyne with the lord chancellour and other judges in the said statute of the third of Henry the Seaventh mentioned But the said judges have not kept themselves to the points limited by the said statute but have undertaken to punish where no law doth warrant and to make decrees for things having no such authoritie and to inflict heavier punishments then by any law is warranted And forasmuch as all matters examinable or determinable before the said judges or in the court commonly called the Star Chamber may have theire proper remedy and redresse and theire due punishment and correction by the common law of the land and in the ordinary course of justice elsewhere And forasmuch as the reasons and motives inducing the erection and continuance of that court doe now cease and the proceedings censures and decrees of that court have by experience beene found to be an intolerable burthen to the subjects and the meanes to introduce an arbitrary power and government And forasmuch as the councell table hath of late times assumed unto it selfe a power to intermedle in civill causes and matters onely of private interest between© party and party and have adventured to determine of the estates and liberties of the subject contrary to the law of the land and the rights and priviledges of the subject by which great and manifold mischeifes and inconveniencies have arisen and happened and much incertainty by meanes of such proceedings hath beene conceived concerning mens rights and estates For setting whereof and preventing the like in time to come. Be it ordained and enacted by the authority of this present Parliament that the said court commonly called the Star Chamber and all jurisdiction power and authority belonging unto or exercised in the same court or by any the judges officers or ministers thereof be from the first day of August in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty and one cleerely and absolutely dissolved taken away and determined and that from the said first day of August neither the lord chancellour or keeper of the great seale of England the lord treasurer of England the keeper of the Kings privie seale or .president of the councell nor any bishop temporall lord privy councellor or judge or justice whatsoever shall have any power or authoritie to heare examine or determine any matter or thing whatsoever in the said court commonly called the Star Chamber or to make pronounce or deliver any judgement sentence order or decree or to doe any judiciall or ministerial! act in the said court and that all and every Act and Acts of Parliament and all and every article clause and sentence in them and every of them by which any jurisdiction power or authority is given limited or appointed unto the said court commonly called the Star Chamber or unto all or any the judges officers or ministers thereof or for any proceedings to be had or made in the said court or for any matter or thing to be drawn into question examined or determined there shall for so much as concemeth the said Court of Star Chamber and the power and authoritie thereby given unto it be from the said first day of August repealed and absolutely revoked and made void.

si H. VIIL c. 20.

All matters examinable in the Star Chamber may be examinable and redremed by the common law.

Council table has assumed a power contrary to law.

Court of Star Chamber and all its powers dissolved.

718

16 Chables I. c. 10.

AJ). 1640.

II.

Dike jurisdiction in several other courts repealed and taken away.

No court or council to have the like jurisdiction.

in.

The King or his privy council shall have no jurisdiction over any man's estate.

IV. Great officers and others offending;

First offence, penalty £500.

Second offence, penalty £1000.

Third offence, disabled.

[And be it likewise enacted that the like jurisdiction now used and exercised in the court before the president and councell in the marches of Wales and alsoe in the court before the president and councell established in the northern parts and also in the court commonly called the Court of the Dutchy of Lancaster held before the chancellor and councell of the court and alsoe in the Court of Exchequer of the countie palatine of Chester held before the chamberlaine and councell of that court the like jurisdiction being exercised there shall from the said first day of August one thousand six hundred fourty and one be alsoe repealed and absolutely revoked and made void any law prescription custome or usage or the said statute made in the third years of King Henry the Seventh or the statute made the one and twentieth of Henry the Eighth or any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore had or made to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding And that from henceforth no court councell or place of judicature shall be erected ordained constituted or appointed within this realme of England or dominion of Wales which shall have use or exercise the same or the like jurisdiction as is or hath beene used practised or exercised in the said Court of Star Chamber.1]

Be it likewise declared and enacted by authorise of this present Parliament that neither his Majestie nor his privie councell have or ought to have any jurisdiction power or authority by English bill petition articles libell or any other arbitrary way whatsoever to examine or draw© into question determine or dispose of the lands tenements hereditaments goods or chattels of any the subjects of this kingdoms but that the same ought to be tried and detennined in the ordinary courts of justice and by the ordinary course of the law.

And be it further provided and enacted that if any lord chancellor or keeper of the great seals of England lord treasurer keeper of the Kings privy seale president of the councell bishop temporall lord privy councellour judge or justice whatsoever shall offend or doe any thing contrary to the purport true intent and meaning of this law [then he or they shall for such offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds of lawfull money of England unto any party grieved his executors or administrators who shall really prosecute for the same and first obtain judgement thereupon to be recorded in any court of record at Westminster by action of debt bill plaint or information wherein no essoine protection wager of law aid prayer priviledge injunction or order of restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more then one imparlance and if any person against whom any such judgment or recovery shall be had as aforesaid shall after such judgement or recovery offend againein the same then he or they for such offence shall forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds of lawfull money of England unto any party greived his executors or administrators who shall really prosecute for the same and first obtain judgement thereupon to be recorded in any court of record at Westminster by action of debt bill plaint or information in which no essoine protection wager Of law aid prayer priviledge injunction or order of restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more than one imparlance and if any person against whom any such second judgement or recovery shall be had at aforesaid shall after such judgement or recovery offend againe in the same kindx] and shall be thereof dnly convicted by indictment information or any

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule,

719

other lawfull way or meanes that such person soe convicted shall be from thenceforth disabled and become by vertue of this Act incapable ipso facto to beare his and theire said office and offices respectively and shall be likewise disabled to make any gift grant conveyance or other disposition of any his lands tenements hereditaments goods or chattels or to take any benefit of any gift conveyance or legacy to his owne use.

And every person so offending shall likewise forfeit and loose unto the party grieved by any thing done contrary to the true intent and meaning of this law his trebble damages which he shall sustain and be put unto by meanes or occasion of any such act or thing done the same to be recovered in any of his Majesties courts of record at Westminster by action of debt bill plaint or infor-macon wherein no essoine protection wager of law aid prayer priviledge injunction or order of restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more then one imparlance

AlND be it alsoe provided and enacted that if any person shall hereafter be committed restrained of his libertie or suffer imprisonment [by the order or decree of any such Court of Star Chamber or other court aforesaid now or at any time hereafter having or ^tending to have the same or like jurisdiction power or authoritie to commit or imprison as aforesaid or by the command or warrant of the Kings Majestie his heires or successors in theire owne person or by the command or warrant of the councell board or of any of the lords or others of his Majesties privy councell1] that in every such case every person' so committed restrained of his libertie or suffering imprisonment upon demand or motion made by his councell or other imployed by him for that purpose unto the judges of the Court of Kings Bench or Common Fleas in open court shall without delay upon any pretence whatsoever for the ordinary fees usually paid for the same have forthwith granted unto him a writ of habeas corpus to be directed generally unto all and every sheriffs gaoler minister officer or other person in whose custody the party committed or restrained shall be [and the sheriffs gaoler minister officer or other pson in whose custody the pty so committed or restrained shall be *] shall at the return of the said writ & according to the command thereof upon due and convenient notice thereof given unto him [at the charge of the party who requireth or procureth such writ and upon securitie by his owne bond given to pay the charge of carrying back the prisoner if he shall be remanded by the court to which he shall be brought as in like cases hath beene used such charges of bringing up and carrying backe the prisoner to be alwaies ordered by the court if any difference shall arise thereaboutx] bring or cause to be brought the body of the said party so committed or restrained unto and before the judges or justices of the said court from whence the same writ shall issue in open court and shall then likewise certifie the true cause of such his deteinor or imprisonment and thereupon the court within three court dayes after such return made and delivered in open court shall proceed to examine and determine whether the cause of such commitment appearing upon the said return be just and legall or not and shall thereupon do what to justice shall appertains either by delivering bailing or remanding the prisoner and if any thing shall be otherwise wilfully done or omitted to be done by any judge justice officer or other person aforementioned

y.

Trebledamages to the party grieved.

VL Every person committed contrary to this Act shall have an habeas corpus for the ordinary fees.

Cause of detainer certified by sheriff, &c. and thereupon court to proceed.

Default by judge, &c.

720

16 Charles I. c. 10,11.

A.D. 1640.

Damages.

VII.

To what courts this Act shall extend.

VIIL Limitation of information, Ac.

Rot. Pari,

16 Car.p. 2.

nu, 7.

1 Elis. c. 1.

contrary to the direction and true meaning hereof that then such person so offending shall forfeit to the party grieved his trebblp damages to be recovered by such meanes and in such manner as is formerly in this Act limited and appointed for the like penaltie to be sued for and recovered

[Provided alwaies and be it enacted that this Act and the severall clauses therein contained shall be taken and expounded to extend only to the Court of Star Chamber and to the said courts holden before the president and councell in the marches of Wales and before the president and councell in the northern parts and alsoe to the court commonly called the Court of the Dutchy of Lancaster holden before the chauncellour and councell of that court and alsoe in the Court of Exchequer of the county palatine of Chester held before the chamberlaine and councell of that court and to all courts of like jurisdiction to be hereafter erected ordained constituted or appointed as aforesaid and to the warrants and directions of the councell board and to the commitments restraints & imprisonments of any person or persons made commanded or awarded by the Kings Majesty his heires or successors in theire owne person or by the lords and others of the privie councell and every one of them And lastly provided and be it enacted that no person or persons shall be sued impleaded molested or troubled for any offence against this present Act unlesse the party supposed to have so offended shall be sued or impleaded for the same within two yeares at the most after such time wherein the said offence shall be committed.1]

CHAPTER XI.

An Act for repeal of a branch of a Statute primo Elizabethe concerning Commissioners for causes Ecclesiastical!

WHEREAS in the Parliament holden in the first yeare of the reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth late Queene of England there was an Act made and established intituled An Act restoring to the Crowne the ancient jurisdiction over the state ecdesiasticall and spirituall and [aboahing8] all forreign power repugnant to the same in which Act amongst other things there is conteined one clause branch article or sentence whereby it was enacted to this effect namely that the said late Queenes Highnes her heires and successors Kings or Queenes of this realme should have full power and authoritie by vertue of that Act by letters patents under the great seale of England to assigne name and authorize when and as often as her Highnes her heires or successors should thinke meet and convenient and for such and so long time as should please her Highnes her heires or successors such person or persons being naturall bora subjects to her Highnes her heires or successors as her Majestie her heires or successors should thinke meet to exercise use occupie and execute under her Highnes her heires and successors all manner of jurisdictions priviledges & [preheminence *] in any wise touching or concerning any spirituall or ecdesiasticall jurisdiction within these her realmes of England and Ireland or any other her Higbnesse dominions and countries and to visit reforme redresse order correct and amend all such errors heresies

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

2 abolishing O. , 8preheminenc£ O.

AJ). 1640

16 Charles L g. 11,15.

721

achismes abuses offences contempts and enormities whatsoever which by any manitfr spirituall or ecdeaiasticall power authoritie or jurisdiction can or may lawfully be reformed ordered redressed corrected restrained or amended to the pleasure of Almighty God the encrease of vertue and the conservation of the peace and unity of this realme and that such person or persons so to be named assigned authorised and appointed by her Highnes her heires or successors after the said letters patents to him or them made and delivered as aforesaid should have full power and authority by vertue of that Act and of the said Peters1] patents under her Highnes 'her heires or successors to exercise use and execute all the premisses according to the tennour and effect of the said letters patents any matter or cause to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding And whereas by colour of some words in the foresaid branch of the said Act whereby commissioners are authorised to execute theire commission according to the tenour and effect of the Kings letters patents and by letters patents grounded thereupon the said commissioners have to the great and insufferable wrong and oppression of the Kings subjects used to fine and imprison them and to exercise other authority not belonging to eccle-siastic&ll jurisdiction restored by that Act and diverse other great mischeifs and inconveniences have alsoe ensued to the Kings subjects by occasion of the said branch and commissions issued thereupon and the executions thereof Therefore for the repressing and preventing of the foresaid abuses mischeifs and inconveniences in time to come be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie and the lords and commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same that the foresaid branch clause article or sentence contained in the said Act and every word matter and thing contained in that branch clause article or sentence shall from henceforth be repealed annulled revoked annihilated and utterly made void for ever any thing in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[And be it further enacted that from and after the said first day of August 1*1 no new court shall be erected ordeined or appointed within this realme of England or dominion of Wales which shall or may have the like power jurisdiction or authoritie as the said High Commission Court now hath or pretendeth to have But that all and every such letters patents commissions and grants made or to be made by his Majestie his heires or successors and all powers and authorities granted or pretended or mentioned to be granted thereby and all acts sentences and decrees to be made by vertue or colour thereof shall be utterly void and of none effect1]

High Commit-non Court

used to fine and imprison, and other miNhieft hare ensued therefrom.

Theaud branch of 1 Elia. o. I, repealed.

IV.

No new oourt to be erected with the like power.

CHAPTER XY.

An Act against diverse Inoroachments and Oppressions in the Stonnarie Hot

Courts. p>I £?r' a-

WHEREAS King Edward the First of famous memory did for the R. I. charter to amendment of the stannaries in the countie of Devon grant diverse franchises and liberties to the tynners there And whereas in the Parliament in

1 free. [a that is, let August 1641.]

2 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

P Rep. as to so much as relates to the form and manner of objecting to the jurisdiction of the stannary courts, or is at variance with that Act, 18 A19 Vict. c. 32. s. 18.]

Z Z

The solemn league and covenant unlawful.

Orders and ordinances of both or either Houses of Parliament void.

Proviso for indemnity by 12 Car.H. c. 11.

IV.

No person to be prosecuted for any offences in this Act (other than treason) unless by special order from his Majesty. Limitation of prosecution.

V.

Treasons and offences within this Act to be proved by two witnesses viva voce.

VL

Proviso for privilege of debate in Parliament j

and for repeal or alteration of laws, or redressing public grievances.

734 13 Charles II. |Stat. l.J c. 1. AJD. 1661.

sixteenth yeare of the reigne of King Richard the Second And it is hereby alsoe declared that the oath usually called the solemn league and covenant was in it selfe an unlawfull oath and imposed upon the subjects of this realm against the fundamentall laws and liberties of this kingdome and that all orders and ordinances or pretended orders and ordinances of both or either Houses of Parliament for imposing of oathes covenants or engagements leavying of taxes or raising of forces and armes to which the royaU assent either in person or by commission was not expresly had or given were in theire first creation and making and still are and soe shall be taken to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever [Provided nevertheless© that all and every person and persons bodies politique and corporate who have beene or shall att any time hereafter be questioned for any thing acted or done by colour of any the orders or ordinances herein before menconed and declared to be null and void and are indempnified by an Act entituled An Act of free and generall pardon indempnity and oblivion made in the twelfth yeare of his Majesties reign that now is or shall be indempnified by any Act of Parliament shall and may make such use of the said orders and ordinances for theire indempnity according to the true intent and meaning of the said Act and no other as he or they might have done if this Act had not beene made any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding1].

Provided alwaies that noe person be prosecuted for any of the offences in this Act menconed (other then such as are made and declared to be high treason) unlesse it be by order of the Kings Majestie his heires or successors under his or theire signe manual or by order of the councell table of his Majesty his heires or successors directed unto the attorney generall for the time being or some other of the council learned to his Majesty his heires or successors for the time being nor shall any person or persons by vertne of this present Act incur any of the penalties herein before menconed unlesse he or they be prosecuted within six moneths next after the offence committed and indicted thereupon within three moneths after such prosecucon any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Provided always and be it enacted that no person or persons shall be indicted arraigned condemned convicted or attainted for any of the treasons or offences aforesaid unlesse the same offender or offenders be thereof accused by the testimony and deposition of two lawfull and credible witnesses upon oath which witnesses at the time of the said offender or offenders arraignment shall be brought in person before him or them face to face and shall openly avow and maintain upon oath what they have to say against him or them concerning the treason or offences contained in the said indictment unles the party or parties arraigned shall willingly without violence confess the same.

Provided likewise and be it enacted that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to deprive either of the Houses of Parliament or any of theire members of theire just ancient freedome and priviledge of debating any matters or busines which shall be propounded or debated in either of the said houses or att any conferences or committees of both or either of the said Houses of Parliament or touching the repeal or alteracon of any old or pparing any new lawes or the redressing (*) any publique grievance but that the said members of either of the said houses and the assistants of

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule. 2 of O.

736

13 Charles II. jStat l.j c. 1,5.

the House of Peers and every of them shall have the same freedome of speech and all other priviledges whatsoever as they had before the making of this Act any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.!]

[Provided alwaies and be it ordained and enacted that no peer of this realm shall be tried for any offence against this Act but by his peers and further that every peer who shall be convicted of any offence against this Act after such conviction be disabled during his life to sit in Parliament un-lesse his Majesty shall graciously be pleased to pardon him And if his Majesty shall grant his pardon to any peer of this realm or commoner convicted of any offence against this Act after such pardon granted the peer or commoner so pardoned shall be restored to all intents and purposes as if he had never beene convicted any thing in this law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.1]

CHAPTER V.

An Act against Tumults and Disorders upon ptence of pparing or psenting publick Petitions or other Addresses to His Majesty or the Parliament.

WHEREAS it hath beene found by sad experience that tumultuous and 8 * other disorderly solliciting and procuring of hands by private persons to peticons complaints remonstrances & declarations and other addresses to the King or to both or either Houses of Parliament for alteracon of matters established by law redresse of ptended greivances in church or state or other publique concernments have beene made use of to serve the ends of factious & seditious persons gotten into power to the violation of the publique peace and have beene a great meanes of the late unhappy wars confusions and calamities in this nation For pventing the like mischeife for the future be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the consent of the lords and commons assembled in Parliament and by the authority of the same that no person or persons whatsoever shall from and after the first of August one thousand six hundred sixty and one solicite labor or procure the getting of hands or other consent of any persons above the number of twenty or more to any petioon complaint remonstrance declaration or other [addresses *] to the King or both or either Houses of Parliament for alteracon of matters established by law in church or state unlesse the matter thereof have beene first consented unto and ordered by three or more justices [of *] that county or by the major part of the grand jury of the county or division of the county where the same matter shall arise at theire publique assizes or generall quarter sessions or if arising in London by the lord maior aldermen and commons in common councell assembled and, that no person or persons whatsoever shall repaire to his Majesty or both or either of the Houses of Parliament upon ptence of presenting or delivering any peticon complaint remonstrance or declaracon or other addresses accompanied with excessive number of people nor att any one time with above the number of ten persons upon pain of incurring a penalty not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds in money

VII. Proviso for trial and pardon of peers, &c.

Rot Pari.

13 C. II. p. 1. nu. 5.

Recital of tumultuous and disorderly preparing of petitions.

In what case only persons may solicit or procure any petition, &c. for altering matters established in church or state.

Number of persons who may assemble to present petition to the King and Parliament.

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule. 8 addresse 0. 9 or 0.

736

13 Charles II. JStat. l.J c. 6,12.

A.D. 1661.

and three months imprisonment without bail or mainprize for every offence which offence to be prosecuted at the Court of Kings Bench or att the assizes or generall quarter sessions within six moneths after the offence committed and proved by two or more credible witnesses,

n. Provided alwaies that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not be

Proviso for construed to extend to debar or hinder any person or persons not exceeding

presenting pub- j r r # ©

lie or private the number of ten aforesaid to present any publique or private greivance or

grievances; complaint to any member or members of Parliament after his election and

during the continuance of the Parliament or to the Kings Majesty for any and for remedy to bee thereupon had nor to extend to any address whatsoever to his

addresses to the Majesty by all or any the members of both or either Houses of Parliament

Parliament. during the sitting of Parliament but that they may enjoye theire freedome of

accesse to his Majesty as heretofore hath beene used.

Rot. Parl.

13 C. II. p. 1. nu, 12.

17 (16) C. I. c. 11. recited.

The said Act not to take away ordinary power from archbishops, &c. in eccle-siastical jurisdiction.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for Explanation of a Clause contained in (*) Act of Parliament made in the seventeenth yeare of the late King Charles Entituled An Act for Repeal of a Branch of a Statute Primo Elizabeths concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical!.

WHEREAS in an Act of Parliament made in the seaventeenth yeare of the late King Charles entituled An Act for repeal of a branch of a Statute Primo Elizabethe concerning commissioners for causes ecclesiastical! it is amongst other things enacted that no archbishop bishop nor vicar generall nor any chancellor nor commissaiy of any archbishop bishop or vicar generall nor any ordinary whatsoever nor any other spiritual! or ecclesiasticall judge officer or minister of justice nor any other person or persons whatsoever exerciseing spirituall or ecclesiasticall power authority or jurisdiction by any grant licence or commission of the Kings M&jestie his heires or successors or by any power or authorise derived from the King his heires or successors or otherwise (shall from and after the first day of August which then should be in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred forty one) award impose or inflict any pain penalty fine amercement imprisonment or other corporall punishment upon any [ofa] the Kings subjects for any contempt misdemeanor crime offence matter or thing whatsoever belonging to spirituall or ecclesiasticall cognizance or jurisdiction whereupon some doubt hath beene made that all ordinary power of coertion and proceeding? in causes ecclesiasticall were taken away whereby the ordinary course of justice in causes ecclesiasticall hath been obstructed Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords and commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority thereof that neither the said Act nor any thing therein contained doth or shall take away any ordinary power or authority from any of the said archbishops bishops or any other person or persons named as aforesaid but that they and every of them exercising ecclesiasticall jurisdiction may proceed determine sentence execute and

A.D. 1661. 13 Charles II. jStat. l.| c. 12. 737

exercise all manner of ecclesiasticall jurisdiction and all censures and coertions apperteyning and belonging to the same before the makeing of the Act before recited in all causes and matters belonging to ecclesiasticall jurisdiction according to the Kings Majesties ecclesiasticall lawes used and practised in this realme in as ample manner and forme as they did and might lawfully have done before the makeing of the said Act.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that the afore recited Act of decimo septimo Caroli and all the matters and clauses therein conteined (excepting what concernes the High Commission Court [or the new erection of some such like court by commission1]) shall be and is hereby repealed to all intents and purposes whatsoever any thing clause or sentence in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies and it is hereby enacted that neither this Act nor any thing herein contained shall extend or be construed to revive or give force to the said branch of the said statute made in the said first yeare of the reigne of the said late Queen Elizabeth mentioned in the said Act of Parliament made in the said seaventeenth yeare of the reigne of the said King Charles but that the said branch of the said statute made in the said first yeare of the reigne of the said Queene Elizabeth shall stand and be repealed in such sort as if this Act had never beene made.

Provided alsoe and it is hereby further enacted that it shall not be lawfull for any archbishop bishop vicar generall chancellor commissary or any other spirituall or ecclesiasticall judge officer or minister or any other person having or exercising spirituall or ecclesiasticall jurisdiction to tender or administer unto any person whatsoever the oath usually called the oath ex officio or any other oath whereby such person to whom the same is tendred or administered may be charged or compelled to confesse or accuse or to purge him or her selfe of any criminall matter or thing whereby he or she may be lyable to any censure or punishment any thing in this statute or any other law custome or usage heretofore to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Provided alwaies that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to give unto any archbishopp bishop or any other spirituall or ecclesiasticall judge officer or other person or persons aforesaid any power or authority to exercise execute inflict or determine any ecclesiasticall jurisdiction censure or coertion which they might not by lawe have done before the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and thirty nine nor to abridge or diminish the Kings Majesties supremacy in ecclesiasticall matters and affaires nor to confirm the canons made in the yeare one thousand six hundred and forty nor any of them nor' any other ecclesiasticall lawes or canons not formerly confirmed allowed or enacted by Parliament or by the established lawes of the land as they stood in the yeare of the Lord one thousand six hundred thirty and nine.2]

1 interlined on the roll. 2 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

3 A

n.

17 (16) C. L c. II. repealed \ except as to High Commission Court.

m.

This Act not to give force to 1 Elia. c. 1. §18.

IV.

Proviso touch* ing the oath ex officio.

V.

This Act not to give any other jurisdiction to archbishops, Ac. than they had before 163 9;

nor to abridge the King's supremacy;

nor to confirm the canons of 1640.

738

13 CHARLES II. A.D. 1661.

Stat. 2. C)

A.D. 1661.

Rot Pari 13 C. 11. p. 2.

ML 1.

Recital that questions are likely to arise concerning elections in corporations.

Commissions to issne for England, Wales, and Berwick.

n.

Proviso for corporation charters.

STATUTES HADE IK THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second,

And after Adjournment To the Twentieth Day of November then next following, Continued until the Twentieth Day of December in the same Yeah.

<&X ftotttlo IJarliammti he arato ftejjm ftegte Carol! ^enmht, ©mrno tertfo.

CHAPTER L An Act for the well Governing and Regulating of Corporations, pj

WHEREAS questions are likely to arise concerning the Validity of elections " * of magistrates and other officers and members in corporations as well in respect of removing some as placing others during the late troubles contrary to the true intent and meaning of theire charters and liberties and to the end that the succession in such corporations may be most probably perpetuated in the hands of persons well affected to his Majesty and the established government it being to well knowne that notwithstanding all his Majesties endeavors and unparaleld indulgence in pardoning all that is past nevertheless many

evill spirits are still working Wherefore for prevention of the like mischeife for the time to come and for preservation of the puhlique peace both in church and state bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and commons assembled in Parliament and by the authoritie of the same that commissions shall before the twentieth day of February next be issned forth under the great seale of England unto such persons as his Majestie shall appoint for the executing [of 2] the powers and authorities herein after expressed and that all and every the persons to be named commissioners in the said commissions respectively shall by vertue of this Act be commissioners respectively for and within the severall cities corporations and burroughs and cinque ports and theire members and other port townes within the kingdome of England dominion of Wales and towne of Berwicke upon Tweed for which they shall be respectively nominated and appointed JRep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.2

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that no charter of any corporation cities townes burroughs cinque ports and theire members and 1

1 The whole of the Public Acts of 13 Car. II. are contained in one bundle at the Parliament Office, and are numbered in succession; but in the "Long Calendar * at that office those which here follow {that is, in the Statutes of the Realm} are distinguished as having been passed at the " second meeting" in that year, which, as appears by the title of the second part of the rolls containing the Acts of such second meeting, was from the 20th day of November to the 20th day of December next following after " adjournment," and not after " prorogation ", and they cannot therefore, correctly, be stated as having passed in a second session; and the Public Acts of 13 Car. II. are intituled " Stat. 1." " Stat. 2." to prevent confusion in reference from the private editions, and in conformity to the ancient method of mating up the statute roll.

pRep. as to so much as requires the taking of the oath and subscribing the declaration herein set forth, 6 Geo. 1. c. 6. s. 2.] 8 interlined on the roll.

13 Chables II. Stat 2. c. 1.

739

m.

Mayors, Ac-before 25th March 1663,

to take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and

other port townes in England or Wales or towne of Berwick© upon Tweed shall at any time hereafter be avoided for or by reason of any act or thing done or omitted to be done before the first day of this present Parliament.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all persons who upon the foure and twentieth day of December one thousand six hundred sixty and one shall be maiors aldermen recorders bailiffes towne-clerks common councel men and other persons then bearing any office or offices of magistracy or places or trusts or other imployment relating to or concerning the government of the said respective cities corporations and burroughs and cinque ports and theire members and other port towns shall at any time before the five and twentieth day of March one thousand six hundred sixtie and three when they shall be thereunto required by the said respective commissioners or any three or more of them take the oathes of allegiance and supremacy and

this oath following.... ....

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said respective yn. commissioners or any three or more of them respectively shall have power during the continuance of theire respective commissions to administer the give the oaths, oathes aforesaid and tender the said declaration to the said persons hereby &c* required to take and subscribe the same And from and after the expiration of Who shall give the said respective commissions the said three oathes and declaration shall bee from time to time administered and tendred to such person and persons who after the com-by the true meaning of this Act or any clause therein contained are to take the same by such person or persons respectively who by the charters or usages of the said respective cities corporations and burroughs and cinque ports and theire members and other port townes ought to administer the oath for due executing the said places or offices respectively and in default of such by two justices of the peace of the said cities corporations and burroughs and cinque ports and theire members and other port townes for the time being if any such there be or otherwise by two justices of the peace for the time being of the respective counties where the said cities corporations or burroughs or cinque ports or theire members or other port townes are.

And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said com- yin. missioners justices of the peace and other persons hereby authorized to administer the said oaths and tender the said declaration respectively shall cause entries of cause memorandums or entries to be made of all oathes taken before them and subscriptions made as aforesaid and deliver the same once in a yeare to the respective town-clerks or other register or cletke of the said respective cities corporations and burroughs and cinque ports and theire members and other port-towns who shall cause the same to be fairely entred into the books tooksT or registers belonging to the said respective cities corporations or burroughs or cinque ports and theire members or other port-towns.

Pbovided alsoe and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that from and IX.

after the expiration of the said commissions no person or persons shall for ever ^StedtoUie hereafter be placed elected or chosen in or to any the offices or places aforesaid that offices afore-shall not [havewithin one yeare next before such election or choice taken the said, unless he

sacrament of the Lords Supper according to the rites of the Church of England shall have

received the — sacrament

within a year j

oaths taken;

and deliver them to the town clerks, Ac. to be entered in

3 a 2

7 4fr

A.D. 1661

13 Charles II. Stat. 2. c. 1, 2.

and shall take JRep., 9 Geo. 4. c. 17. b. l.J and that every such person and persons so placed rabec^'the1 e^ec^e or chosen shall likewise take the aforesaid three oathes and subscribe declaration. the said declaration att the same time when the oath for the due execution of the said places and offices respectively shall be administred and in default hereof every such placing election and choice is hereby enacted and declared to bee void.

X.

The usual oath to he taken.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted that every person who shall be placed in any corporation by vertue of this Act shall upon his admission take the oath or oaths usually taken by the members of such corporation.


Rot. Parl. 18 C.II.p.2. me. 2.

Ho person arrested compellable to give greater bond of

appearance than £40.

The true cause of action to be set forth in the

process.

28 H. VI c. 9.

§8.

Sheriff ergoined to accept of such bond.

28 H. VLc.9.

§8.

U.

Upon appearance in court, such bonds and all amercements discharged.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for prevention of Vexations and Oppressions by Arrests and of Delaies

in Suits of Law.

. . . For remedy and prevention of which so great growing evills and mischeifs and also© for discouraging all frivolous and unjust suits and causeless arrests for the future bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritnall and temporall and commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authority of the same that from and after the twelfth day of February in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and one no person or persons who shall happen to be arrested by any sheriff under-sheriff coroner steward or bailiff of any franchise or liberty or by any other officer minister under-bailiff or other person or persons whatsoever within this realm having or pretending to have authority or warrant in that behalfe by force or colour of any writt bill or processe issuing or to be issuing out of his Majesties said courts of Kings Bench and Commqn Pleas or either of them in which said writt bill or processe the certainty and true cause of action is not expressed particularly and for which the defendant or defendants in such writt bill or process named is and are bailable by the Statute in that behalf made in the three and twentieth yeare of the reigne of the late King Henry the Sixth shall be forced or compelled to give security or to enter into bond with sureties for the apparances of such person or persons soe arrested att the day and place in the said writt bill or process specified or contained in any penalty or sum or sums of money exceeding the sum of forty pounds of lawfull money of England to be conditioned for such apparances And that all sheriffs and other officers and ministers aforesaid shall lett to bail and deliver out of prison and from theire and everie of theire custodies respectively all and every person and persons whatsoever by them or any of them arrested upon any such writ bill or processe wherein the certaintie and true cause of action is not particularly expressed upon security in the sum of forty pounds and noe more given for apparance of such person or persons so arrested unto the said sheriff or officer aforesaid according to the said statute in the said three and twentieth yeare of the reigne of the said late King Henry the Sixth in that behalfe made and provided. {Rep, Stat Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that upon apparance to be entred in the terme wherein such writt bill or processe is retainable with the respective officer in that behalfe for the said person or persons by attorney or attorneys in the said respective courts from whence the said writ bill or processe issued unto such writ bill or processe the bond or bonds soe given for apparance thereunto be and are hereby satisfied and discharged And that after such apparance so entred no amerciaments be set or estreted upon or against any sheriff or other officer aforesaid or any other person

A.D. 1661.

13 Charles II. Stat. 2. c. 2.

741

whatsoever concerning the want of such apparance and nnlesse the plaintiff Plaintiff not or plaintiffs in any such writ bill or processe named shall put into the court declann* from whence such writ bill or process did issue his or theire bill or declaracon against the person or persons soe arrested in some psonall action or ejections firme of lands or tenements before the end of the term next following after apparance that then a non-suite for want of a declaracon may be entred Nonsuit and against the said plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said courts respectively and that eo0tB* every defendant in every such writ bill or process named shall or may have judgement to recover costs against every such plaintiffs or plaintiffs to bee assessed taxed and levied in such manner and according as it is provided by the Statute for costs made in the three and twentieth yeare of the reigne of 28 H. VHL the late King Henry the Eighth any former or other Act statute ordinance c*15* law customs order course or usage of either of the said courts to the contrary thereof heretofore had made admitted or used in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies that this Act nor any clause or thing herein before m. specified or contained shall not extend nor be construed or taken to extend unto any arrests hereafter to be made upon or by vertue of any writ of capias turn and other ut lagatum attachment upon reasons or attachment upon any contempt or of proceM* any attachment of priviledge at the suite of any priviledged person or of any other attachment for contempt whatsoever issuing or to be issuing out of either of the said courts although there be no particular certainty of the cause of action expressed or conteined in the said writs but that neverthelesse no sheriffe nor under sheriff nor any of the officers or ministers aforesaid shall discharge any person or persons taken upon any writ of capias ut lagatum out of custody without a lawfull supersedeas first had and received for the same and that upon the said writs of attachment such lawfull course be taken for security for apparance therein as hath beene heretofore used any thing herein before expressed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided nevertheles that this Act nor any thing therein conteyned shall ix. not extend to any action popular nor unto any other action which is or here- ^popoJar after shall bee brought upon any penall law or statute (except debt for not indictment, kc. setting out tythes as aforesaid) nor to any indictment presentment inquisicon information or appeal any thing herein before expressed to the contrary thereof . notwithstanding.

14 CHARLES H. A.D. 1662.

742

Hot Pari 14 C. IL p. 1. nu, 4.

Recital that in the first year of Queen Eliz. there was one uniform order of Church service com* piled;

and enjoined to be used by 1 Eliz. c. 2.

that many persons nevertheless refuse to come to their parish church;

that by the neglect of ministers many persons have been led into schism;

STATUTES MADE IK THE PARLIAMENT BEGUN TO BE HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, THE EIGHTH DAY OF MAY,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by divers Adjournments continued until the Nineteenth Day of May, In the Fourteenth Year of the same King,

And from thence prorogued until the Eighteenth Day of Febbuaby

THEN NEXT FOLLOWING.

<£; ftntttto $arltamentf be 8rmo ftegttf &egtsI Carolt

Berirno quarto.

CHAPTER IV. M

An Act for the Uniformity of Publique Prayers and Administraoon of Sacraments & other Bites & Ceremonies and for establishing the Form of making ordaining and consecrating Bishops Preists and Deacons in the Church of England.

WHEREAS in the first yeare of the late Queene Elizabeth there was one " * uniforme order of comon service and prayer and of the administration of sacraments rites and ceremonies in the Church of England (agreeable to the Word of God and usage of the primitive Church) compiled by the reverend bishopps and clergy set forth in one booke entituled The Booke of Comon Prayer and administration of Sacraments and other rites and ceremonies in the Church of England and enjoyned to be used by Act of Parliament holden in the said first yeare of the said late Queene entituled An Act for the uniformity of comon prayer and service in the Church and administration of the sacraments very comfortable to all good people desirous to live in Christian conversation and most profitable to the estate of this readme upon the which the mercy favour and blessing of Almighty God is in no wise so readily and plentifully poured as by comon prayers due useing of the sacraments and often preaching of the gospell with devotion of the. hearers and yet this notwithstanding a great number of people in divers parts of this realm following theire owne sensualitie and liveing without knowledge and due feare of God do willfully and schismatically abstaine and refuse to come to theire parish churches and other publique places where comon prayer administracon of the sacraments and preaching of the Word of God is used upon the Sundayes and other dayes ordained & appointed to be kept and observed as holy dayee And whereas by the great and scandalous neglect of ministers in using the said order or liturgy so set forth and enjoyned as aforesaid great mischeifi & inoon-

{a Bep. as to so much as confirms any Act or part of any Act thereby repeded, 7 & 8 Vict. c. 102. s. 1.

Rep. as to so much whereby any Act or part of any Act therein repealed has been confirmed or kept in force, 9 & 10 Vict. c. 59. s. l.J

AJX 1662.

14 Chables II. a 4.

743

veniencies during the times of the late unhappy troubles have arisen and grown and many people have beene led into factions and schismes to the great decay and scandall of the reformed religion of the Church of England and to the hazard of many souls [For prevention whereof in time to come for setting the peace of the Church and for allaying the present distempers which the indisposition of the time hath contracted the Kings Majestic according to his declaration of the five and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred and sixty granted his comission under the great seale of England to severall bishops and other divines to [re 1]view the booke of comon prayer and to prepare such alterations and additions as they thought fitt to offer And afterwards the Convocations of both the provinces of Canterbury and Yorke being by his Majesty called and assembled and now sitting his Majestie hath beene pleased to authorize and require the presidents of the said Convocations and other the bishopps and clergy of the same to reveiw the said booke of comon prayer and the booke of the forme and manner of the making and consecrating of bishops preists and deacons and that after mature consideracon they should make such additions and alterations in the said bookes respectively as to them should seeme meet and convenient and should exhibit and present the same to his Majesty in writing for his further allowance or confirmation since which time upon full and mature deliberation they the said president^ bishops and clergy of both provinces have accordingly reviewed the said bookes and have made some alterations which they thinke fitt to be inserted to the same and some additionall prayers to the said booke of comon] prayer to be used upon proper and emergent occasions and have exhibited and presented the same unto his Majestie in writing in one booke entituled The Booke of Comon Prayer and administration of the Sacraments and other rites and ceremonies of the Church according to the use of the Church of England togeather with the Psalter or Psalmes of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in churches and [the x] forme and manner of making ordaining and consecrating of bishopps preists and deacons All which his Majesty haveing duly considered hath fully approved and allowed the same and recomended to this psent Parliament that the said bookes of comon prayer and of the forme of ordination and consecration of bishops preists and deacons with the alterations and additions which have beene soe made and psented to his Majesty by the said Convocations be the booke which shall be appointed to be used by all that officiate in all cathedrall and collegiate churches and chappells and in all chappells of colledges and halls in both the universities and the colledges of Eaton and Winchester and in all parish churches and chappells within the kingdome of England dominion of Wales and towne of Berwick upon Tweed and by all that make or consecrate bishops preists or deacons in any of the said places under such sanctions and penalties as the Houses of Parliament shall thinke fitt2] Now in regard that nothing conduceth more to the setting of the peace of this nation (which is desired of all good men) nor to the honour of our religion and the propagation thereof then an universal! agreement in the publique worshipp of Almighty God and to the intent that every person within this realms may certainely knowe the rule to which he is to conforme in publique worship and administration of sacraments and other

that his Majesty, according to his declaration of 25th Oct 1660, had granted a commission to review the book of common prayer, and that the Convocations were assembled for that purpose;

that they had presented to his Majesty a book of common

Sraver, which e nad allowed and recommended to Parliament that the same should be used in all churches, &c .;

that an universal agreement in pub! worship conduced to settling the peace of the nation;

744

14 Charles II. c, 4.

A.D. 1692.

minister!lin churches' Ac. to use the said book of common prayerj

and to read the morning and evening prayers therein.

. n.

Persons, vicars, &c. publicly to read and declare their assent to the use of the same.

Form of assent

rites and ceremonies of the Church of England and the maimer how and by whom bishops preists and deacons are and ought to be made ordained and consecrated be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by the advice and with the consent of the lords spirituall and temporaU and erf the comons in this present Parlaiment assembled and by the authority of the same that all and singuler ministers in any cathedrall collegiate or parish church or chappell or other place of publique worship within this realme of England dominion of Wales and town of Berwick upon Tweed shall be bound to aay and use the morning prayer evening prayer celebracon and administracon of both the sacraments and all other the publique and comon prayer in such order and forme as is menconed in the said booke annexed and joyned to this present Act (*) and entituled The Booke of Comon Prayer and administration of the Sacraments and other rites and ceremonies of the Church according to the use of the Church of England togeather with the Psalter or Psalmes of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in churches and [the *] forme or manner of making ordaining and consecrating of bishops preists & deacons. And that the morning and evening prayers therein contained shall upon every Lords day and upon all other dayes and occasions and att the times therein appointed be openly and solemnly read by all and every minister or curate in every church chappell or other place of publique worshipp within this re&lme of England and places aforesaid.

And to the end that uniformity in the 'publiqj worshipp of God (which is so much desired) may be speedily effected bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that every parson vicar or other minister whatsoever who now hath and enjoyeth any ecclesiasticall benefice or promotion within this realme of England or places aforesaid shall in the church chappell or place of publique worshipp belonging to his said benefice or promotion upon some Lords day before the feast of Saint Bartholomew which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty and two openly publiquely and solemnely read the momeing and evening prayer appointed to be read by and according to the said booke of comon prayer att the times thereby appointed and after such reading thereof shall openly and publiquely before the congregation there assembled declare his unfeigned assent & consent to the use of all things in the said booke contained and prescribed [in these words and no other.

X A. B. doe (s) declare my unfaigned aBsent and consent to all and every thing contained and prescribed in and by the booke intituled The Booke of Comon Prayer and administration of the Sacraments and other rites and

1 This book is in manuscript and is in the Parliament Office, and in the same pres, but not in the same division of that press, with the Acts of this year. JThe book was seen as late as the year 1824, but upon inquiry soon after the fire which destroyed the Houses of Parliament, it could not be found. Several searches were unsuccessfully made, and it became generally believed that the book had perished in the flames; recently however, daring the progress of removing the Acta of Parliament to the Victoria Tower, from the Old Tower, sometimes called the Jewel Tower, at the back of Abingdon Street, the missing manuscript volume was found, and it is now placed with the Act 14 Cha. 2. c. 4.J

9 interlined on the roll. 8 here O.

i

A.D. 1662.

J4 Charles IL c. 4.

745

ceremonies of the Church according to the use of the Church of England toge&ther with the Psalter or Psalmes of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in churches and the form or manner of making ordaining and consecrating of bishops preists and deacons.1]

And that all and every such person who shall (without some lawfull 'in. impediment to be allowed and approved of by the* ordinary of the place) BO

neglect or refuse to doe the same within the time aforesaid (or in case of such impediment) within one moneth after such impediment removed shall (ipso facto) be deprived of all his spirituall promotions and that from thence Deprivation, forth it shall be lawfull to and for all patrons and donors of all and Patrons may singular the said spirituall promotions or of any of them according to theire present respective rights and titles to present or collate to the same as though the person or persons so offending or neglecting were dead.

[And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that in all places where the proper incumbent of any parsonage or vicaridge or benefice with cure doth reside on his living and keeps a curate the incumbent himselfe in person (not haveing some lawfull impediment to be allowed by the ordinary of the place) shall once (at the least) in every moneth openly and publiquely read the comon prayers and service in and by the said books prescribed and (if there be occasion) administer each of the sacraments and other rites of the Church in the parish church or cbappell of or belonging to the same parsonage vicarage or benefice in such order manner and forme as in and by the said booke is appointed upon pain to forfeit the sum of five pounds to the use of the poore of the parish for every offence upon conviction by confession or proofe of two credible witnesses upon oath before two justices of the peace of the county city or town corporate where the offence shall be oomitted which oath the said justices are hereby impowered to administer) and in default of payment within ten dayes to be levied by distresse and sale of the goods and chattells of the offender by the warrant of the said justices by the church wardens or overseers of the poore of the said parish rendring the surplusage to the party.

V.

Incumbents of livings residing and keeping curates shall once in every month read the prayers, &e. according to the said book.

Penalty £5.

Distress.

And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid that every deane canon and VI. prebendary of every cathedrall or collegiate church and all masters and other heads Deans, readers fellowes chaplaines and tutors of or in any colledge hall house of learning or hospitall in the univer-and every publique professor and reader in either of the universities and in every colledge elsewhere and every parson viccar curate lecturer and every other person in ^Tub-5* holy orders and every school master keeping any publique or private schoole & every scribe the person instructing or teaching any youth in any house or private family as a tutor or declaration school master who upon the first day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord herein men-God one thousand six hundred sixty two or at any time thereafter shall be incumbent tion"' or have possession of any deanry canonry prebend mastershipp headshipp fellowshipp professors place or readers place parsonage vicarage or any other ecclesiasticall dignity or promotion or of any curates place lecture or school or shall instruct or teach any youth as tutor or schoolmaster shall before the feast day of S1. Bartholomew which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty two or at or before his or theire respective admission to be incumbent or have possession aforesaid subscribe the declaration or acknowledgement following scilicet. TRep., 28 & 29 Vict. c. 122. s. 15.1

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

746

14 Chables IL c. 4

A.D. 1662.

Form of the declaration.

Before whom to be subscribed.

Beans, &c. not subscribing the same; deprived.

Deanry, &c. void.

vin.

What words to be omitted in the declaration after March 25, 1682.

X.

Persons administering the sacrament before they are ordained priests;

T A. B do declare that it is not lawfull upon any ptence whatsoever to take armes against the King and that I do abhorr that traitorous position of taking armes by his authority against his person or against those that are commissionated by him and that I will conform© to the liturgy of the Church of England as it is now by law established And I do declare that I do hold there lies no obligacon upon me or on any other person from the oath comonly called the solemne league and covenant to endeavour any change or alteration of government either in church or state and that the same was in' it selfe an unlawfiill oath and imposed upon the subjects of this realme against the known e lawes and liberties of this kingdome.

Which said declaration and acknowledgment shall be subscribed by every of the said masters and other heads fellowes chaplaines and tutors of or in any colledge hall or house of learning and by every publique professor and reader in either of the universities before the vice chancellor of the respective universities for the time being or his deputy And the said declaration or acknowledgement shall be subscribed before the respective archbishopp bishopp or ordinary of the diocesse by every other person hereby enjoyned to subscrible the same upon pain that all and every of the persons aforesaid failing in such subscription shall loose and forfeit such respective deanaiy canonry prebend 'mastershipp headship fellowship professors place readers place parsonage viccarage ecclesiasticall dignity or promotion curates place lecture and school and shall be utterly disabled and (ipso facto) deprived of the same and that every such respective deanry canonry prebend mastership headship fellowship processors place readers place parsonage viccarage ecclesiasticall dignity or promotion curates place lecture and schoole shall be void as if such person so foiling were naturally dead.

*# Provided alwaies that from and after the twenty fifth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred eighty two there shall be omitted in the said declaration or acknowledging so to be subscribed and read these words following scilicet.

A ND I do declare that I do hold there lies no obligacon on me or any other person from the oath comonly called the Solemne League and Covenant to endeavor any change or alteration of government either in church or state and that the same was in it selfe an unlawfiill oath and imposed upon the subjects of this realme against the knowne lawes and liberties of this kingdome.

So as none of the persons aforesaid shall from thence forth be at all obliged to subscribe or read that part of the said declaration or acknowledgement


And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that no person whatsoever shall thenceforth p} be capable to bee admitted to any parsonage vicarage benefice or other ecclesiastical promotion or dignity whatsoever nor shall presume to consecrate & administer the holy sacrament of the Lords Supper before such time as he shall be ordained preist according to the forme

|a that is, after the feast day of St. Bartholomew 1662.2

AJk 16QL

HChahjbIL ti

7*T

and auaer in and by the said books proscribed vnlosse bo law fomeriy bene made preist by epnyell ordination upon pain to fedat for «wy offence the som of one hundred pounds one awysty thereof to the Kings Majesty the other moyety thereof to be equally divided betweene the poors of the parish when the offence shall be oomitted and sack person or persons as shall sae for the same by action of debt bill plaint or information in any of his Majesties courts of record wherein no essoine protection or wager of law shall be allowed and to be disabled from taking or bring admitted into the order of preist by the space of one whole yeere then next following.

Provided that the penalties in this Act shall not extend to the fonrinera or aliens of the forrein reformed churches allowed or to be allowed by the Kings Majestic his heires and successors in England.

Provided alwaies that no title to conform or present by lapse shall aociewe by any avoydanoe or deprivation (ipso facto) by vertae of this statute but after six moneths after notice of such voidance or deprivation given by the ordinary to the patron or such sentence of deprivation openly and publiquely read in the parish church of the benefice parsonage or vicarage beoomeing void or whereof the incumbent shall be deprived by vertae of this Act.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that no form or order of comon prayers administraoon of sacraments rites or ceremonies shall be openly used in any church chappell or other publique place of or in any oolledge or hall in either of the universities the colled gee of Westminster Winchester or Eaton or any of them other then what is Pscribed and appointed to be used in and by the said booke And that the present govemour or head of every oolledge and hall in the [said1] universities and of the said colledges of Westminster Winchester and Eaton within one moneth after the feast of S*. Bartholomew which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand sox hundred sixty and two and every govemour or head of any of the said colledges or halls hereafter to be elected or appointed within one moneth next after his election or collation and admission into the same government or headshipp shall openly and publiquely in the church chappell or other publique place of the same colledge or hall and in the psence of the fellowes and scholars of the same or the greater part of them then resident subscribe unto the nine and thirty articles of religion mentioned in the Statute made in tho thirteenth yeare of the reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth and unto the said booke and declare his unfeigned assent and consent unto and approbation of the said articles and of the same booke and to the use of all the prayers rites and ceremonies formes and orders in the said booke prescribed and contained according to the form aforesaid And that all such govemours or heads of the said colledges and halls or any of them as are or shall be in holy orders shall once (at least) in every quarter of the yeare (not having a lawfull impediment) openly and publiquely read the morning prayer and service in and by the said booke appointed to be read in the church chappell, or other publique place of the same oolledge or hall upon pain to loose and be suspended of and from all [the'] benefitt* and ptvfHt« belonging to the same government or headshipp by the spec* of el* mouetlts by the visitor or visitors of the same

(Multy £W».

nd diMhility fcrOMJMT.

XT.

IVoviwi Svf mtfomof foreign

tinitriaaii n I i\?«vi iIKH*

ohttrok

XII.

No title to proeent by lit* nndor this Act* but ou notice.

XIII.

No other form of prayer to be used but According to the mid book i

IIcAde of college*, foe. within the time heroin men* tinned) to «ub-> eoribe the *9 trtiolee mentioned, la Eli*, o. 19.

end declare their M«ent thereunto, and to tho mid book j

and onoe in every quarter of the year read tho prayers, foe.

Baepenelon i

toUxiitwi in the roll

<T48

1'4 Charles IL c. 4.

A.D. 1662.

and if person colledge or hall And if any governour or head of any colledge or hall donot^to suspended for not subscribing unto the said articles and booke or for not six months reading of the morning prayer and service as aforesaid shall not att or before Mb ^ern^1611 end of six monthes next after such suspension subscribe unto the said

ment, &c. void, articles and booke and declare his consent thereunto as aforesaid or read the morning prayer and service as aforesaid then such government or headshipp shall be (ipso facto) void.

Provided alwaies that it shall and may be lawfull to use the morning and evening prayer and all other prayers and service prescribed in and by the said booke in the chappells or other publique places of the respective colledges and halls in both the universities in the colledges of Westminster Winchester and Eaton and in the convocations of the clergies of either province in Latine any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.1]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid [that no person shall be or be received as a lecturer or permitted suffered or allowed to preach as a lecturer or to preach or read any sermon or lecture in any church chappell or other place of publique worshipp within this realme of England or the MsenTSwrctol dominion of Wales and towne of Berwick upon Tweed unlesse he be first approved and thereunto licensed by the archbishopp of the province or

bishopp of the diocesse or (in case the see be void) by the guardian of the

spiritualties under his seals and shall in (1 2) psence of the same archbishop or bishop IS Eliz. c. 12. or guardian read the nine and thirty articles of religion mentioned in the Statute of the thirteenth yeare of the late Queene Elizabeth with declaration of his unfeigned assent to the same And1] that every person and persons whoe nowe is or hereafter shall bee licensed assigned [or3] appointed or received as a lecturer to preach upon any day of the weeke in any church chappell or place of publique worship within this realme of and at the first England or places aforesaid the first time he preacheth (before his sermon) shall time of preach- openly publiquely and solemnly read the comon prayers and service in and by the said Hud^ecn^m16 ^ooke aPP°iDte(l to be read for that time of the day and then and there publiquely ^yera^anT and °Penly declare his assent unto and approbation of the said booke and to the uae of declare his all the prayers rites and ceremonies formes and orders therein contained and prescribed assent thereto; according to the forme before appointed in this Act and alsoe shall upon the first also upon the lecture day [of every moneth afterwards so long as he continues lecturer or preacher first lecture day there at the place appointed for his said lecture or sermon before his said lecture or of every month, sermon openly publiquely and solemnly read the common prayers and service in and by the said booke appointed to be read for that time of the day at which the said lecture

or sermon is to be preached and after such reading thereof shall openly and publiquely before the congregation there assembled declare his unfeigned assent and consent unto and approbation of the said booke and to the use of all the prayers rites and ceremonies forms and orders therein contained and prescribed according to the forme Refusing, &c. aforesaid x] And that all and every such person and persons who shall neglect or refuse so to do, to do the same shall from thenceforth be disabled to preach the said or any other disabled. lecture or sermon in the said or any other church chappell or place of publique worshipp untill such time as he and they shall openly publiquely and solemnly read the common prayers and service appointed by the said booke and conform in all points to the things therein appointed and prescribed according to the purport true intent and meaning of this Act. {Rep., 28 & 29 Vict. c. 122. s. 15.J

[Provided alwaies that if the said sermon or lecture be to be preached or read in any cathedrall or collegiate church or chappell it shall be sufficient for

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

2 the O. 3 O omits.

XVI. Proviso where lecture preached in cathedrals, &c.

XIV. Proviso for reading the prayers in Latin in colleges, &c.

XV. Lecturer to read the 39 articles of 13 Eliz. c. 12.

A.D. 1662.

14 Charles II. c. 4.

749

the said lecturer openly at the time aforesaid to declare his assent and consent to all things contained in the said booke according to the form aforesaid.1]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that if any person xvn. who is by this Act disabled to preach any lecture or sermon shall during the ^Sl^80 time that he shall continue and remaine so disabled preach any sermon or preaching, lecture that then for every such offence the person and persons so offending shall suffer three monthes imprisonment in the comon goal without baile or imprisonment mainprize and that any two justices of the peace of any county of this king- "common dome and places aforesaid and the maior or other cheife magistrate of any city or town corporate within the same upon certificate from the ordinary of the place made to him or them of the offence committed shall and are hereby required to committ the person or persons so offending to the goal of the same county city or town corporate accordingly.

[Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that att all and every time and times when any sermon or lecture is to be preached the common prayers and service in and by the said booke appointed to be read for that time of the day shall be openly publiquely and solemnly read by some preist or deacon in the church chappell or place of publique worshipp where the said sermon or lecture is to be preached before such sermon or lecture be preached and that the lecturer then to preach shall be present att the reading thereof.

Provided neverthelesse that this Act shall not extend to the university churches in the universities of this realme or either of them when or att such times as any sermon or lecture is preached or read in the [said2] churches or any of them for or as the publick university sermon or lecture but that the same sermons and lectures may be preached or read in such sort and manner as the same have been heretofore preached or read this Act or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.1]

xvm.

The raid common prayers to be read whenever any sermon or lecture is preached.

Lecturer to be present.

XIX. Proviso respecting university sermons preached in the university churches.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the severall good XX. lawes and statutes of this realm which have beene formerly made and are STuniforml^ now in force for the uniformity of prayer and administration of the sacra- <* prayers, &c ments within this realme of England and places aforesaid shall stand in full force and strength to all intents and purposes whatsoever for the establishing and confirming of the said booke intituled The Booke of Comon Prayer and administration of the Sacraments and other rites & ceremonies of the Church according to the use of the Church of England togeather with the Psalter or Psalmes of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in churches and the forme or manner of making ordaining and consecrating of bishopps preists and deacons herein before mentioned to be joyned and annexed to this Act and shall be applied practised and put in ure for the punishing of all offences contrary to the said lawes with relation to the booke aforesaid and no other.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid xxi. that in all those prayers letanies and collects which doe any way relate to the King Queene or royall progeny the names be altered and changed from royal ftmily

to be altered as required.

'XXU.

A true printed copy of the said book of common prayer to be provided for parishchnrches, &c. at the costs of the parishioners.

Penalty.

XXIII. The bishops of Hereford, St David, Asaph, and Bangor to take order that the said book shall be translated into Welch, and had in churches, Ac.

and the form of prayer &c. therein to be used.

The same to be paid for by the churchwardens out of the parish money.

Bishops to set the price.

And one other book in the English tongue to be also had.

Proviso for the use of the former forms

750 14 Charles II. c. 4. AJD. 1662.

time to time and fitted to the present occasion according to the direction of lawfdll authority.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that a true printed copy of the said booke entituled The Booke of Cdmon Prayer and administration of the Sacraments and other rites and ceremonies of the Church according to the use of the Church of England togeather with the Psalter or Psaimes of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in churches and the form and manner of making ordaining and consecrateing of bishops preists and deacons shall att the costs and charges of the paxishonera of every parish church and chappelry cathedraU church colledge and hall be attained and gotten before the feast day of St. Bartholomew in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and two upon pain of forfeiture of three pounds by the moneth for so long time as they shall then after be unprovided thereof by every parish or chapelry cathedrall church colledge and hall making default therein.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the bishops of Hereford S* Davies Asaph Bangor and Landaff and their successors shall take such order among themselves for the souls health of the flocks committed to theire charge within Wales that the booke hereunto annexed be truly and exactly translated into the British or Welsh tongue and that the [same1] soe translated and being by them or any three of them at the least viewed perused and allowed be imprinted to such number at least so that one of the said bookes so translated and imprinted may be had for every cathedrall collegiate and parish church and chapell of ease in the said respective diocesses and places in Wales where the Welsh is comonly spoken or used before the first day of May one thousand six hundred sixty five And that from and after the imprinting and publishing of the said booke so translated the whole divine service shall be used and said by the ministers and curates throughout all Wales within the said diocesses where the Welsh tongue is cdmonly used in the British or Welsh tongue in such manner and forme as is prescribed according to the booke hereunto annexed to be used in the English tongue differing nothing in any order or form from the said English booke for which booke so translated and imprinted the church wardens of every the said parishes shall pay out of the parish [moneys *] in theire hands for the use of the respective churches and be allowed the same on theire accompt And that the said bishops and theire successors or any three of them at the least shall sett and appoint the price for which the said booke shall be sold And one other booke of common prayer in the English tongue shall be bought and had in every church throughout Wales in which the booke of comon prayer in Welsh is to be had by force of this Act before the first day of May one thousand six hundred sixty and foure and the same booke to remaine in such convenient places within the said churches that such as understand them may resort at all convenient times to read and peruse the same and alsoe such as do not understand the said language may by conferring both tongues togeather the sooner attains to the knowledge of the English tongue any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding and untill printed copies of the said booke so to be translated may be had and provided

1 some O.

money O.

AJ>. 1662.

UChabissIL c.4.

751

the form of comon prayer established by Parliament before the makeing of until the said this Act shall be used as formerly in such parts of Wales where the English ^ c#n tongue is not comonly understood.

And to the end that the true and perfect copies of this Act and the said xxrv. booke hereunto annexed may be safely kept and perpetually preserved and for the avoiding of all disputes for the time to come be it therefore enacted of this Act and by the authority aforesaid that the respective deanes and chapters of every j^e.said cathedrall or collegiate church within England and Wales shall at theire proper costs and charges before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand six hundred sixty & two obtain under the great seale of England a true and to be kept by perfect printed copy of this Act and of the said booke annexed hereunto to TOc«*8ors. * be by the said deanes and chapters and theire successors kept and preserved in safety for ever and to be alsoe produced and Bhewed forth in any court of record as often as they shall be thereunto lawfully required And alsoe there Copies of this shall be delivered true and perfect copies of this Act and of the same booke £jjj ^k°^he into the respective courts at Westminster and into the Tower of London to be delivered to be kept and preserved for ever among the records of the said courts and the westmbuter records of the Tower to be alsoe produced and shewed forth in any court as ud the Tower need shall require which said bookes soe to be exemplified under the great of LondoiI' seale of England [shall be examined by such persons as the Kings Ma* shall appoint under the great seale of England1] for that purpose and shall be compared with the original! booke hereunto annexed and shall have power Such copies to to correct and amend in writing any error committed by the printer in the printing of the same booke or of any thing therein contained and shall certifie original and in writing under theire hands and scales or the hands and seales of any three certified * of them att the end of the same booke that they have examined and compared the same booke and find it to be a true and perfect coppy which said bookes and every one of them so exemplified under the great seale of England as and thereupon aforesaid shall bee deemed taken adjudged and expounded to bee good and available in the law to all intents and purposes whatsoever and shall be accounted as good records as this booke it selfe hereunto annexed any law or custome to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies that whereas the six and thirtieth article of the nine and XX VL

thirtie articles agreed upon by the archbishops and bishops of both provinces ^rfthe and the whole clergy in the convocation holden at London in the yeare of our 36th arijcie.^ Lord one thousand five hundred sixty two for the avoiding of diversities of 89 artclw. opinions and for establishing of consent touching true religion is in these words following viz*.

That the booke of consecration of archbishops and bishops and ordaining of preista and deacons lately set forth in the time of King Edward the Sixth and confirmed Rt the same time by authority of Parliament doth contain all things necessary to such consecration and ordaining neither hath it any thing that of it selfe is superstitious and ungodly and therefore whosoever are consecrated or ordered according to the rites of that booke since the second yeare of the aforenamed King Edward unto this time or hereafter shall be

752l

14 Charles II. c. 4,12.

A.D. 1662.

consecrated or ordered according to the same rites we decree all such to bee rightly orderly and lawfully consecrated and ordered.

It be enacted and be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid that all subscriptions hereafter to be had of made unto the said articles by any deacon preist or ecclesiasticall person or other person whatsoever who by this Act or any other law now in force is required to subscribe unto the said articles shall be construed and [be1] taken to extend and shall be applied (for and touching the said six and thirtieth article) imto the booke containing the forme and manner of making ordaining and consecrating of bishops preists and deacons in this Act mentioned in such sort and manner as the same did heretofore extend unto the booke sett for the in the time of King Edward the Sixth mentioned in the said six and thirtieth article any thing in the said article or in any statute Act or canon heretofore had or made to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Rot. Parl. 14 C.II. p. 2. a*. 5.

Recital of the increase of the poor, and that the same arises from defect in the poor laws and want of employment

Reasons for passing this,) Act

Justice of the peace may remove persons coming to

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for the better Releife of the Poore of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the necessity number and continual increase of the poore not

* onely within the cities of London and Westminster with the liberties

of each of them but alsoe through the whole kingdome of England and

dominion of Wales is very great and exceeding burthensome being occasioned

by reason of some defects in the law concerning the setling of the poor and

for want of a due provision of the regulations of releife and imployment in

such parishes or places where they are legally setled which doth enforce many

to turn incorrigible rogues and others to perish for want toge&tber with the

neglect of the faithfull execution of such lawes & statutes as have formerly

beene made for the apprehending of rogues and vagabonds and for the good

of the poore For remedy whereof and for the preventing the perishing of any

of the poore whether young or old for want of such supplies as are necessary

May it please your most excellent Majestie that it may be enacted and be it

enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and the commons in this present

Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same that whereas by

reason of some defects in the law poore people are not restrained from going

from one parish to another and therefore doe endeavor to settle themselves in

those parishes where there is the best stocke the largest commons or wastes to

build cottages and the most woods for them to bum and destroy and when

they have consumed it then to another parish and att last become rogues and

vagabonds to the great discouragem*. of parishes to provide stocks where it is

lyable to be devoured by strangers Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid that it shall and may be lawfull upon complaint made by the churchwardens or overseers of the poore of any parish to any justice of peace within forty dayes after any

1 O. omits.

A.D. 1662. 14 Chables II. a 12. 753

such person or persons coming so to settle as aforesaid in any tenement under the yearely value of ten pounds for any two justices of the peace whereof one to be of the quojc of the division where any person or persons that are likely to be chargeable to the parish shall come to inhabitt by theire warrant to remove and convey such person or persons to such parish where he or they were last legally setled either as a native householder sojourner apprentice or servant for the space of forty dayes at the least unlesse he or they give sufficient security for the discharge of the said parish to bee allowed by the said justices. {Rep., 35 Geo. 3. c. 101. s. l.J

[Provided alwaies that all such persons who thinke themselves agreived by any such judgement of the said two justices may appeal to the justices of the peace of the said county att theire next quarter sessions whoe are hereby required to doe them justice according to the merits of theire cause.

Provided alsoe that (this Act notwithstanding) it shall and may be lawfull for any person or persons to go into any county parish or place to worke in time of harvest or at any time to worke at any other worke so that he or they carry with him or them a certificate from the minister of the parish and one of the churchwardens and one of the overseers for the poore for the said yeare that hee or they have a dwelling house or place in which he or they inhabit and hath left wife and children or some of them there (or otherwise as the condition of the person shall require) and is declared an inhabitant or inhabitants there And in such case if the person or persons shall not returne to the place aforesaid when his or theire worke is finished or shall fall sicke or impotent whilst he or they are in the said worke it shall not bee accounted a setlement in the cases abovesaid but that it shall and may be lawfull for twoe justices of the peace to convey the said person or persons to the place of his or theire habitation as aforesaid under the paines and penalties in this Act prescribed!] And if such person or persons shall refuse to go or shall not remain in such parish where they ought to be setled as aforesaid but shall return of his own accord to the parish from whence he was removed it shall be lawfull for any justice of the peace of the citty county or towne corporate where the said offence shall be committed to send such person or persons offending to the house of correction there to be punished as a vagabond or to a publique workehouse in this present Act hereafter mentioned there to be imployed in worke or labour And if the church wardens and overseers of the poore of the parish to which he or they shall be removed refuse to receive such person or persons and to provide worke for them as other inhabitants of the parish any justice of [the 2] peace of that division may and shall thereupon bind any such officer or officers in whom there shall be default to the assizes or sessions there to be indicted for his or theire contempt in that behalfe.

And whereas the lawes and statutes for the apprehending of rogues and vagabonds have not been duly executed sometimes for want of officers by reason lords of mannors doe not keepe court leets every yeare for the making of them Bee it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid that in case any constable headborough or tithingmen shall die or goe out of the parish any two justices of the peace may make and sweare a new constable headborough or tithingman untill the said lord shall hold a court or until next quarter sessions who shall approve of the said officers so made and sworn as aforesaid or appoint others as they shall thinke fitt And if any officer shall continue

settle in tenement under £10 per annum to last settlement

n.

Proviso for appeal

m.

Proviso for persons going into other parishes to work in time of harvest with certificate of minister, &c.

Such work not to gain a settlement, but persons may be removed back again.

Persons refusing to go back, &c.

Punishment

Churchwardens, &c. of parish to which such persons removed, re-fhsing to receive them, &c. may be indicted.

XV. Recital of mischief from want of officers.

On death or removal of constables, &c. justices may make and swear a new one until court leet or

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

2 O. omits. 3 B

754

14 Charles II. c. 12.

A.D. 1662.

quarter

sessions.

xvm.

Constables, &c. may make rate to reimburse themselves;

to be confirmed by two justices;

and may be levied by distress.

XX.

In actions for executing Act, general issue treble damages.

m

Recital that certain counties are unable to reap the benefit of 43 Eliz. c. 2.

Regulations for choice of overseers for townships and villages in such counties.

above a yeare in his or theire office that then in such case the justices of peace in theire quarter sessions may discharge such officers and may put another fit person in his or theire place until the lord of the said mannor shall hold a court as aforesaid.

And whereas constables headboroughs or tithingmen are or may bee att great charge in releiving conveying with passes and in carrying rogues vagabonds and sturdy beggars to houses of correction or the work-houses herein mentioned and as yet have no power by law to make rates to reimburse themselves Bee it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid that all constables headboroughs and tithingmen so out of purse as aforesaid togeather with the church wardens and overseers of the poore and other inhabitants of the said parish shall hereby have power and authority to make an indifferent rate and to tax all the occupiers of lands and inhabitants and all other persons chargeable by the Statute of the [three and fourtieth *] of Elizabeth concerning the office and duty of overseers for the poore within the said parish which rate being confirmed under the hands and seales of any two justices of peace as aforesaid the said constable headborough or tithing men shall have power by warrant under the hands and seals of two justices of peace to levy by distresse and sale of the goods of any person or persons refusing to pay the same rendring the overplus to the owner if any shall be.


And if any person or persons shall bee sued for any matter or thing which he shall doe in execution of this Act he may plead the general issue and give the special matter in evidence and if the verdict shall passe for the defendant or if the plaintiff bee nonsuited or discontinue his suit the defendant shall recover treble damages.

Whereas the inhabitants of the counties of Lancashire Cheshire Derbyshire Yorkshire Northumberland the bishoprick of Durham Cumberland and Westmorland and many other counties in England and Wales by reason of the largenes of the parishes within the same have not nor cannot reape the [ *]

of the Act of Parliament made in the three and fortieth yeare of the reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth for releife of the poore Therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that all and every the poore needy impotent and lame person and persons within every township or village within the sever&Q counties aforesaid shall from and after the passing of this Act be maintained kept provided for and sett on worke within the several and respective towne-ship and village wherein he shee or they shall inhabit or wherein he she or they was or were last lawfully setled according to the intent and meaning of this Act and that there shall be yearely chosen and appointed according to the rules and directions in the said Act of the three & fortieth yeare of Queene Elizabeth mentioned twoe or more overseers of the poore within every of the said townships or villages who shall from time to time do performe [t *] execute all and every the acts powers and authorities for the necessary releiffe of the poore within the said township or village and shall lose forfeit and suiter all such paines and penalties for non performance thereof as is limited mentioned and appointed in and by the said in-part-recited Act.

1 43th 0. 2 the roll is illegible here. JThis is erroneous, the word omitted in

the text is benefitt.J 3 interlined on the rolL

A.D. 1662.

14 Charles II. c. 12, 21.

755

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the justices of peace within the said counties shall have and enjoye such and the like powers & authorities to raise and levy moneys and to do and execute all and every such other act and thing whatsoever within every township or village within the said county where they are justices as is given limited and appointed unto and for them to do and execute within any parish or parishes in and by the said Act made in the said three and fortieth yeare of the said late Queene Elizabeth under such and the like paines and penalties for the non-performance of theire duties to be levied and disposed of as is nominated and expressed in the said Act.



CHAPTER XXI.

An Act for preventing the unnecessary charge of Sheriffes and for ease in

passing theire Accompts.

WHEREAS the office of sheriff as well by reason of the great and

" unnecessary charges in the time of assises and other publique meetings as by the tedious attendance and charge of sheriffes in passing of theire accompts in the Exchequer hath of late yeares been very burthensom to the gentry of this your realm who in the late times of tyranny and oppression have been great sufferers and thereby much impoverished in theire estates and fortunes For remedy wherein your Majesties most loyal subjects the knights citizens and burgesses assembled in Parliament do most humbly beseech your most excellent Majesty that it may be declared and enacted and be it declared and enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and the commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same that no person or persons being duely swome into the office of sheriff for any county or shire within this your Majesties realm shall from and after the first day of February next ensuing in the time of the assises held for the said county or shire during his or theire sherifalty keepe or maintaine or cause to be kept or maintained one or more table or tables for receipt or entertainment of any person or persons resorting to the said assises other then those i&wt shall bee of his owne family or retinue nor shall make or send in any present to any judge or judges of assise for his or theire provision nor give any gratuity to his or theire officers or servants or any of them And alsoe that no sheriffs shall after the [said1] first day of February have more then forty men servants with liveries attending upon him in the time of the said assises nor under the number of twenty men servants in any county whatsoever within the kingdom of England nor under the number of twelve men servants in any county within the dominion of Wales upon pain that every sheriffe offending in any of the pmisses contrary to the true meaning hereof shall forfeit for every default the sum of two hundred pounds.

Provided that nothing before in this Act contained shall in any wise extend unto or any wayes concern the sheriffs of the citty of London and

XXII. Proviso for the power of justice* in each counties to raise money, &c. in such townships and villages.

43 Eliz. c. 2.

Rot. Parl.

14 C.II.p. 3. nil. 6.

Recital that by reason of charges at assises, &c. the office of sheriff hath of late become very burthensome.

Regulation respecting tables to be kept by sheriffii during the assises.

Sheriffii not to make presents to the judges for their provision, nor to their servants.

Number of

sheriff's

servants.

Penalty £200.

n.

Proviso for sheriffii of

14 Charles II. c. 21.

A.D. 1662.

London, Westmorland, and of cities and towns.

VL Qualification of sheriff

2lot. Pari 15 C. II. p. 2. MU. 5.

Becital of 14 (13 & 14) c.n.

c. 4.

§8.

Middlesex and the sheriff of Westmorland or either of them or any of the sheriffs of or belonging to any citty and county or town and county within this realm but that the same sheriff or sheriffs shall or may [doel] as heretofore hath been used or accustomed within the said county of Middlesex and cities of London and Westminster and such other cities and counties or towns and counties aforesaid any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

* And it is hereby further provided and ordained that no person shall be assigned to be sheriff of any county within this realm except such as have lands within the same county sufficient to answer the King and his people.

15 CHARLES II. A.D. 1663.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of Mat,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations Continued until the Twenty-seventh Day of July,

In the FIFTEENTH Year of the same King,

In the Second Session of the same Parliament.

GFjr Rotuto He atmo Regirt Regies Carol!

&mttrtrt, Benmo gnttrto.

CHAPTER VL

An Act for Releife of such Persons as by Sicknes or other Impediment were disabled from subscribeing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity and Explanation of part of the said Act.

WHEREAS by an Act of this present Parliament (entituled An Act foruniformitie of publique prayer and administration of the sacraments and other rites and ceremonies and for establishing the forme of makeing ordaining and consecrating bishops priests and deacons in the Church of England) it was enacted that every deane canon and prebendary of every cathedrall or collegiate church and all masters and feUowes of any colledge, hall, house of learning or hospitall and every parson vicar curate and everj other person in holy orders who upon the first day of May which should be in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixtie and two or at any time thereafter should be incumbent or have possession of any deanary canonry prebend mastership fellowship parsonage vicaridge or any other ecclesiasticall dignitie or promotion should before the feast day of Saint Bartholimew which should be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixtie and two subscribe the declaration or acknowledgement in the said Act mentioned and expressed before their respective archbishops bishops ordinaries or vice chauncellors of the respective universities upon paine that all and every of the persons aforesaid faileing in such subscription should loose and forfeits such respective deanry canonry prebend mastership fellowship parsonage vicaradge ecclesiasticall dignitie or promotion and should be utterly disabled and ipso facto deprived of the same, and that every such respective deanry canonry prebend master-

A.D. 1663.

15 Chables II. c. 6, 7.

757

ship fellowship parsonage vicaridge ecclesiasticall dignity or promotion should be void as if such person soe faileing were naturally dead, and that after such subscription made every such parson vicar curate and lecturer should procure a certificate under the hand and seale of the respective archbishop bishop or ordinary of the diocesse and should publiquely and openly reade the same together with the declaration or acknowledgement aforesaid upon some Lords day within three moneths then next following in his parish church where he was to officiate in the presence of the congregation there assembled in the time of divine service upon paine that every person failing therein should lose such parsonage vicaridge or benefice respectively and should be utterly disabled and ipso facto deprived of the same, and that the said parsonage vicarage or benefice should be void as if he were naturally dead, f Rep., Stafc. Law Rev. Act,

1863.J

And be it further enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid that rv. every subscription already made or hereafter to be made before any vicar generall or chauncellour to any archbishop or bishop or commissary to the made before archbishop of Canterbury or any other bishop is and shall be as effectual] and beneficiall in law to all intents and purposes to every person and persons which archbishop, &c. have or shall make such subscription as aforesaid as if the same had beene to archbishop made before the archbishop or bishop of the province or diocese respectively, of Canterbury, any thing in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas some doubt hath arisen whether persons prohibited to preach VL by the said Act are in the same plight as to punishment with persons disabled abied to preach by the said Act to preach Be it declared and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that the penalties by the said Act to be inflicted upon any person tireas^Sns-disabled by the said Act to preach for any offence against the said Act, shall prohibited, in like manner be inflicted upon every person soe offending that is prohibited by the said Act to preach, any thing doubt or ambiguity in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER YIt

An Act for the Encouragement of Trade. Eol Pari

* II. p. 2.

And forasmuch as planting and makeing tobaccho within this kingdoms of *xv England doth continue and increase to the apparent losse of his said Majestie Recital that the

for prevention thereof entituled An Act for prohibiting the planting setting or

sowing of tobacco in England and Ireland, and forasmuch as it is found by -m

experience that the reason why the said planting and makeing of tobaccho

doth continue is that the penalties prescribed and appointed by that law are

soe litle as have neither power or effect over the transgressors thereof for

remedy therefore of soe great an evill Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid Sowing

that all and every the person and persons whatsoever that doe, or shall at tobttCCO'

any time hereafter sett plant or sow any tobaccho in seed, plant or otherwise

in or upon any ground field earth or place within the kingdome of England

dominion of Wales islands of Guernsie and Jersie or towne of Berwicke upon

Tweede or kingdome of Ireland shall over and above the penaltie of the said further penalty;

in his customes the discouragement of the English plantations in the parts of

beyond the seas and prejudice of this kingdome in generall notwithstanding tobacco in an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth yeare of his said Majesties raigne

758

15 Charles II. c. 7.

A.D. 1663.

how to be disposed of.

XVI. Resisting execution of Act,

imprisonment, over and above the former penalties.

xvn.

Proviso for physic gardens of the universities, &c.

Rot Pari 16 & 17 C. II. HU. 4.

Recital that the security by statute merchant and statute staple is become of little use by the

Act for that purpose ordained for every such offence forfeit© and pay the summe of ten pounds for every rod or pole of ground that he or they shall soe plant sett or sow with tobaccho and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity of ground one third part thereof to the Kings Majestie, one other third part thereof to the use of the poore of such respective parish or parishes wherein such tobaccho shall be soe planted sett or sowed and the other third part thereof to him or them that shall sue for the same to be recovered by action of debt bill plaint or information in any of his said Majesties courts of record at Westminster wherein noe essoigne protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

And it is hereby further enacted that in case any person or persons shall resist or make forceable opposition against any person or persons in the due and through execution of the said Act of the twelfth of his said Majesties raigne that he she or they soe resisting and makeing forceable opposition shall over and above the penalties therein mentioned for such offences be committed to the common goale of the county where such offence shall be committed there to remaine without baile or maineprize untill he she or they have entred into a recognizance to his Majestie his heires and successors with two sufficient sureties of ten pounds penaltie not to doe or committ the like offence againe.

Provided alwayes that this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to the hindrance or prejudice of planting tobaccho in any phisicke garden of either of the universities or any other private garden for surgery soe as the quantity soe planted exceede not the halfe of one pole in any one place or garden,



16 & 17 CHARLES II. A.D. 1664 & 1665.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations continued until the Twenty-first Day of June, In the SEVENTEENTH Year of the same King,

In the Fourth Session of the same Parliament.

tifyRotulo IJarliammti he Stoitte Regnt Regttf Carnlt &ectmbt, Qedmo sejto et Bertmo ftpttmo.

CHAPTER V.

An Act to prevent Delayes in extending Statutes Judgements and

Recognizances.

WHEREAS the security by statute-merchant and of the staple is now become of litle use and benefit by the fraude of the conizers thereof in sundry cases who to prevent the payment of their debts secretly assigne small parts of their lands to severall and unknowne persons, and it haveing beene used that if the creditor take execution on such statute, yet if the lands of any

A.D. 1664 & 1665.

16 & 17 Charles II. c. 5,8.

759

one or more person or persons, to whom such alienation was made and lyeable to such execution be ommitted out of such extent, the same execution hath beene avoided by audita querela and the party extending lost his costs and was delayed of his just debt and soe againe upon any new extent toties quoties, and if any one acre or parcell of land happened to descend to an infant the whole execution was deferred till full age of such infant, and if afterwards other part of the lands or tenements lyeable to such debt descended to another infant then alsoe a farther delay happened dureing that infancy alsoe, bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirifcuall and temporall and the commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoritie of the same that when any judgement statute or recognizance shall be extended the same shall not be avoided or delayed by occasion that any part of the lands or tenements extendable are or shall be ommitted out of such extent, saveing alwayes to the party and partyes whose lands shall be extended his and their heires executors and assignes his and their remedy for contribution against such person and persons whose lands are or shall be omitted out of such extent from time to time.

[Provided alwayes that this Act or any thing therein contained shall hot be construed to give any extent or contribution against any heire within the age of one and twenty yeares dureing such minority of such heire for or in respect of any lands to such heire descended farther or otherwise then might have beene before the makeing of this Act, 1]

Provided that this Act extend onely to such statutes as are or shall be for payment of moneyes, and to such extent as shall be within twenty yeares after the statute recognizance or judgement had and obtained,



CHAPTER VIII.

An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgement and superseding Executions.

WHEREAS great delay trouble and vexation hath beene and still is * occasioned to the people of this realme as well by arresting and reversing of judgements as by staying executions by writts of error and supersedeas For remedy thereof bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and comons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same that if any verdict of twelve men shall be given in any action suite, bill, or demand to be commenced from and after the five and twentyeth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixtie and five in any of his Majestyes courts of record at Westminster, or in the courts of record in the countyes palatine of Chester Lancaster or Durham or in his Majestyes courts of the great sessions in any of the twelve shires of Wales judgement thereupon shall not be stayed or reversed for defaulte in forme or lacke of forme or by reason that there are not pledges or but one pledge to prosecute returned upon the originall writt or because the name of the sheriffe is not returned upon such originall writt,

fraud of conizerB, and of the consequences thereof.

No execution shall be stayed, though the whole lands be not extended. Proviso for defendant's remedy for contribution.

II.

No contribution against an heir within age.

ILL

To extend only to statutes for debts, and to extents which shall be sued within 20 years.

Rot. Part

i6 & 17 c. il

nu. 7.

In verdicts in the courts at Westminster, or in Chester, Lancaster, Durham, or great sessions in Wales, judgment not to be stayed, Ac. for want of form and other matters herein mentioned.

Nor judgments after verdict, confession by cog. act. or relict, verific. reversed for matters herein mentioned.

n.

Certain actions not remedied.

V.

Proviso for writs of error in actions by executors, actions popular, and on penal statutes, except for tithes and indictments, &c.

760 16 & 17 Charles II. e. 8. A.D. 1664 & 1665.

or for defaulte of entring pledges upon any bill or declaration, or for defaults of alledgeing the bringing into court of any bond bill indenture or other deed whatsoever mentioned in the declaration or other pleading or for defaulte of allegation of the bringing into court of letters testamentary or letters of administration or by reason of the omission of vi et armis or contra pacem, or for or by reason of the mistakeing of the Christian name or surname of the plaintiffs or defendant demandant or tennant, summe or snmmes of money, day, moneth or yeare [by the clerke in any bill declaration or pleading where the right name surname sum day moneth or yeare*] in any writt, plaint, roll or record preceding, or in the same roll or record where the mistake is committed is or are once truely & [rightly1] alledged, whereunto the plaintiffe might have demurred and shewen the same for cause, nor for want of the averment of hoc paratus est verificare, or hoc paratus est verificare per recordum, or for not alledgeing prout patet per recordum, or for that there is noe right venue, soe as the cause were tryed by a jury of the proper county or place where the action is laid: Nor any judgement after verdict, confession by cognovit actionem or relicta verificatione shall be reversed for want of misericordia or capiatur, or by reason that a capiatur is entred for a misericordia, or a misericordia is entred where a capiatur ought to have beene entred, nor for that ideo concessum est per curiam is entred for ideo oon-sideratum est per curiam, nor for that the increase of costs after a verdict in any action or upon a nonsuite in replevin are not entred to be at the request of the party for whom the judgement is given, nor by reason that the costs in any judgement whatsoever are not entred to be by consent of the plaintiffe but that all such ommissions variances defects and all other matters of like nature not being against the right of the matter of the suite, nor whereby the issue or try all are altered shall be amended by the justices or other judges of the courts where such judgements are or shall be given, or whereunto the record is or shall be removed by writt of error.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to any writt declaration or suite 6f appeale of felony or murther, nor to any indictment or presentment of felony murder treason or other matter, nor to any processe upon any of them, nor to any writt bill action or information upon any penall statute other then concerning customes and subsidyes of tonnage and poundage any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.



Provided that this Act nor any thing therein contained shall not extend to any writt of error to be brought by any executor or administrator, nor unto any action popular nor unto any other action which is or hereafter shall be brought upon any penall law or statute (except actions of debt for not setting forth of tythes) nor to any indictment presentment inquisition information or appeale, any thing herein before expressed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.



761

AJX 1664 k 1665. 16 k 17 CHARLES II. e, 9.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act to impower the Commcdlour of the Dutchy to great Commissions for Affidavits vithin the Dutchy Liberty.

TH)R the greeter ease and benefit of the inhabitants vithin the county of Inncaster and other places vithin aevendl other coontyes of this kingdome vithin the surrey of the Court of Dutchy Chamber at Westminster in the takring of affidavits in the countrey to be made use of, iwi read in causes depending and to be depending vithin the said court, bee it by the Kings most excellent Majestic by and vith the advice and

consent of the lords spirituall and temporall, and commons in this present Psrlyament an»mMd and by the authorise of the same that the chauncellour of the said dutchy and county palatine of Lancaster for the time being shall and may by one or more commission or commissions from time to time as need «h«ll require impover what and as many persons as ha shall thinke fill and necessary vithin the said county palatine and other dutchy libertyes to take and receive all and every such affidavit or affidavits as any person or persons shall be willing and desireous to make before any of the persons soe impowered in, or concerning any cause matter or thing depending or hereafter to be depending in the said Court of Dutchy Chamber as masters of chauncery in extraordinary doe use to doe, which said affidavits shall be filed in the office of the derke of the court of the dutchy and then be read and made use of in the said court to all intents and purposes as other affidavits taken in the said court now are.

Provided that for the takeing of every such affidavit the person or persons soe impowered and takeing the same shall for soe doeing receive onely the summe or fee of twelve pence and noe more.

17 CHARLES II. A.D. 1665.

STATUTES HADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster the Eighth Dat or Mat,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign or K. CHARLES the Second, And bt several Prorogations Continued until the Thirty-first Day or October,

In the SEVENTEENTH Year or the same King,

In the Fifth Session or the same Parliament.

Kotulo parliament! He anno ttegnf ftegte Carolt &ecmtiri Bectmo tfcptfoio.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for uniting Churches in Cittyes and Townes Corporate. ##*

And bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid that every owner or proprietor owners or proprietors of any impropriation tythes or portion of tythes in any parish or chapelry within the kingdome of England or dominion of Wales is, are and shall be by vertue of this Act inabled and impowered to

111 IT C/A m, a.

Chancellor of the dutchy may empower persons to receive ifldarits concerning matters depending in the Dutchy Court.

n.

RoL Part 17 C. II. ml 4.

m

Tithes impropriate may be given to churches without license of mortmain.

762

17 Chabi.es II. c. 3,7.

A.D. 1665.

VIII. Where maintenance under £100. per ann. parson may purchase lands &c. without such license.

Hot. Pari.

17 C. II. n«. 8.

Reasons for passing this Act

Remedy upon a nonsuit before issue.

Writ of inquiry of damages.

On notice to plaintiff, sheriff to execute writ

Judgment for defendant

Execution.

give or bestow unite and annex the same or any part thereof unto the parsonage or viccarage of the said parish church or chappell where the same doe lye or arise, [or setle the same in trust for the benefitt of the said parsonage or viccarage or of the curate and curates there successively where the parsonage is impropriate and noe vicar indowed according to his or their respective estatesl] without any license of mortmaine, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[And bee it further enacted that if the setled maintenance of such parsonages viccarages churches and chappells soe united or of any other parsonage or viccaradge with cure in the kingdom© of England or dominion of Wales shall not amount to the full summe of one hundred pounds per annum deere and above all charges and reprises that then it shall bee lawfull for the parson viccar and incumbent of the same and his successors to take receive and purchase to him and his successors lands tenements rents tythes or other hereditaments without any license of mortmaine any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.1]

CHAPTER VII.

An Act for a more speedy and effectuall Proceeding upon Distresses and

Avowryes for Rents.

TT^ORASMU CH as the ordinary remedy for arrearages of rents is by distress© upon the lands chargable therewith and yet nevertheless© by reason of the intricate and dilatary proceedings upon replevins that remedy is become ineffectuall For remedy thereof it is enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie with the advice and assent of the lords spiritual! and temporall and comons in this psent Parlyament assembled and by authoriti of the same that whensoever any plaintiffe in replevin shall be nonsuite before issue joyned in any suite of replevin by [plaint or *] writt lawfully returned removed or depending in any of the Kings courts at Westminster that the defendant makeing a suggestion in nature of an avowry or cognizance for such rent to ascertaine the court of the cause of distresse the oourt upon his prayer shall award a writt to the sheriff© of the county where the distresse was taken to enquire by the oathes of twelve good and lawfull men of his balywicke touching the summe in arreare at the time of such distresse taken and the value of the goods or cattell destrained, and thereupon notice of fifteene dayes shall be given to the plaintiffe or his attoumey in court of the sitting of such enquiry and thereupon the sheriffe shall enquire of the trueth of the matters contained in such writt by the oathes of twelve good and lawfull men of his county, and upon the return© of such inquisition the defendant shall have judgement to recover against the plaintiffe the arrearages of such rent in case the goods or cattell destrained shall amount unto that value, and in case they shall not amount to that value then soe much as the value of the said goods and cattell soe destrained shall amount unto together with his full costs of suite and shall have execution thereupon by fieri facias or elegit or otherwise as the law shall require,

2 interlined on the roll.

17 Charles II. c. 7, 8.

768

And in case such plaintiffs shall be nonsuite after conusance or avowry made and issue joyned or if the verdict shall be given against such plaintiffs then the jurors that are impannelled or returned to inquire of such issue shall at the prayer of the defendant enquire concerning the summe of the arreares and the value of the goods or cattell destrained and thereupon the avowant or he that makes conusance shall have judgement for such arrearages or soe much thereof as the goods or cattell destrained amounts unto together with his full costs and shall have execution for the same by fieri facias or elegit or otherwise as the law shall require.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that if judgement in any of the courts aforesaid be given upon demurrer for the avowant or him that maketh conusance for any rent the court shall at the prayer of the defendant award a writt to inquire of the value of such distresse and upon the retume thereof judgement shall be given for the avowant, or him that makes conusance as aforesaid for the arreares alledged to be behinde in such avowry or conusance if the goods or cattell soe destrained shall amount to that value, and in case they shall not amount to that value, then for soe much as the said goods or cattell soe destrained amount unto together with his full costs of suite and shall have like execution as aforesaid.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted that in all cases aforesaid where the value of the cattell destrained as aforesaid shall not be found to be to the full value of the arreares destrained for that the partie to whom such arreares were due his executors or administrators may from time to time destraine againe for the residue of the said arreares.1]

CHAPTER VHL An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suites and Delay es.

T7K)R the avoiding of unnecessary suites and delayes bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual! and temporal! and commons in this present Parly ament assembled and by authoritie of the same that in all actions personall (* ) reall or mixt the death of either partie betweene the verdict and the judgement shall not hereafter be alkadged for error soe as such judgement be entred within two termes after such verdict.

Axd bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid where any judge-mat after a verdict shall be had by or in the name of any executor or adeimstntor in such case an administrator de bonis non may sue forth a scire farias and take execution upon such judgement

1 annexed to the original Ad in a separate schedule. * and O.

IL

Remedy upon a nonsuit after issue.

Judgment fur iTowant.

Execution.

III. Remedy after demurrer.

Judgment for avowant.

Execution.

IV. Where goods not of sufficient value, distress from time to time for residue

Rot Pari.

17 C. II. nm. 9. In what case death after verdict not to be alleged for error.

IL

Proviso for idifiiniefntof de bonis non Mung scire ftdai.

18 & 19 CHARLES II. A.D. 1666.

764

A.D. 1666.

Rot. Parl.

is & 19 an.

nu. 10.

Becital of 17 Car. II. c. 7.

Provisions of the said Act as to causes of replevin depending in the coarts at Westminster, extended to counties palatine and great sessions in Wales.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations continued until the Tenth Day of October, In the NINETEENTH Year of the same King,

In the Sixth Session of the same Parliament.

<&? ftotnlo $arltamentt he 8mri£ ftegm ftegto Carol! &enmht, Bectmo ortabo et Berime ttotto.

CHAPTER X. pj

An Act extending a former Act concerning Replevins and Avowries to the Principality of Wales and the County Palatines.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament entituled An Act for the more * " speedy and effectuall proceeding upon distresses and avowryes for rents provision is made where any plaintiffs shall nonsuite before issue joyned in any suite or replevin by plaint or writt lawfully returned removed or depending in any of the Kings courts at Westminster Be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestic by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spirituall and temporall and commons in this present Parlyament assembled that the said Act and all the powers and provisions thereby made for causes of replevins depending in his Majestyes courts of Westminster shall be extended and be of the same force and efficacy in all causes of replevin which are or shall be depending in his Majesties Court of Common Fleas for the county palatine of Lancaster, the courts of the great sessions of his Majesties principality of Wales the court of great sessions or assizes for the county palatine of Chester and the Court of Comon Pleas for the county palatine of Durham as fully and as amply for and dureing the continuance of the said Act as if the said courts had beene mentioned therein.

CHAPTER XL

Rot. Parl. is & 19 a 11.

nu. 11.

Becital that cestui que vies have gone beyond sea, and that reversioners cannot find out whether they are alive or dead.

An Act for Redresse of Inconveniencies by want of Proofe of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas or absenting themselves, upon whose Lives Estates doe depend.

WHEREAS diverse lords of mannours and others have used to grant estates by copy of court roll for one two or more life or lives according to the customs of their severall mannours and have alsoe granted estates by lease for one or more life or lives, or else for yeares determinable upon one or more life or lives and it hath often happened that such person or persons for whose life or lives such estates have beene granted have gone beyond the seas or soe absented themselves for many yeares that the lessors and reversioners

In the Statutes of the Realm the following note occurs on chapter 6. of this year :J This chapter is intituled chapter I. 19 Car. II. and the consequent numbers observed in the seven subsequent Acts as of 19 Car. II. in the common printed editions; .

A.D. 166a

18 & 19 Charles II. & 11.

765

cannot find* out whether such person or persons be alive or deed by maon whereof each lessors end reversioners hove beene held oat of possession of their tenements for many yeares after all the lives upon which such estates depend are dead in regard that the lesson and reversioners when they have brought actions for the recovery of their tenements have beene putt upon it to prove the death of their tennants when it is almost impossible for them to discover the same, for remedy of which mischeife soe frequently happening to such lesson or reversioners bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Miyjeatie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and the comona in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authorise of the same that if such person or persons for whose life or lives such estates have beene or shall be granted as aforesaid shall remaine beyond the seas or elsewhere absent themselves in this realms by the space of ssaven yearn together and noe sufficient and evident proofs be made of the lives of suoh person or persons respectively in any action commenced for recovery of suoh tenements by the lessors or reversioners in every such case the person or persons upon whose life or lives such estate depended shall be aoooounted as naturally dead, and in every action brought for the reoovery of the said tenements, by the lessors or reversioners their heires or assignee, the judges before whom such action shall be brought shall direct the jury to give their verdict as if the person soe remaining beyond the seas or otherwise absenting himselfe were dead.

And bee it further enacted that in any such action wherein the life or death of any such person or persons shall come in question betweene the lessor or reversioner and the tennant in possession it shall and may be lawfiill to the lessor or reversioner to take exception to any of the jurors retumod for the tryall of that cause that the greatest part of the reall estate of any (1) such jurors is held by lease or copy for lives who upon proofe thereof shall be sett aside as in case of other legal! challenges.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted that if any person or [person or *] persons shall be evicted out of any lands or tenements by vertue of this Act, and afterwards if such person or persons upon whose life or lives such estate or estates depend shall returns againe from beyond the seas, or shall on proofe in any action to be brought for recovery of the same [to *] be made appeare to be liveing; or to have beene liveing at the time of the eviction that then and from thenceforth the tennant or lessee who was outed of the same his or their executors administrators or assignes shall or may reenter repossesse have hold and enjoy the said lands or tenements in his or their former estate for and dureing the life or lives or soe long terme as the said person or persons upon whose life or lives the said estate or estates depend shall be liveing, and also* shall upon action or actions to be brought by him or them against the lessors reversioners or tennants in possession or other persons respectively which since the time of the said eviction received the proffitts of the said lands or tenements recover for damages the full proffitts of the said lands or tenements respectively with lawfoll interest for and from the time that be or they were outed of the said lands or tenements, ami kepte or held out of the same by the

*ef O.

C«ul quo *l« rmMlftfoi W ywrf si w wwb yTiw tafpttar *nd m> proof of thofr Itot, jndjp In mi notion to dtnot a y* idiot m though ooitttl quo vio w*r* d<*d.

II.

Chnllonjp to Juror* for Imam for llvt*.

JVe

If th* Mippoflod d*s4 nun prov* to ho ttiiv*, ihmi th* tiilo I. wort*!,

Aotiofl for mmn pronto with inter*'

# 0, omite.

766

18 & 19 Chablbs II. c. 11.

AJ). 1666.

said lessors reversioners tennants or other persons who after the said eviction received the proffitts of the said lands or tenements or any of them respectively as well in the case when the said person or persons upon whose life or lives such estate or estates did depend are or shall be dead at the time of bringing of the said action or actions as if the said person or persons were then liveing.1]

Rot. Parl.

22 C.Il.nu.12.

II.

Lands given for maintenance of causeys, &c. to be fanned at the moat improved yearly value without fine.

Justices in sessions to inquire into the value of lands,

&c.

Exception.

22 CHARLES II. A.D. 1670.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations Continued until the Fourteenth Day of February,

In the TWENTY-SECOND Year of the same King,

And from thence until the Twenty-second Day of April,

In the TWENTY-THIRD Year of the same King,

In the Ninth Session of the same Parliament.

ftotnlo |3arltamenti hr &mto ftegiti ftegtt Carole

CtfffiUmo smmiJo.

CHAPTER XII.

An Additionall Act for the better repairing of Highwayes and Bridges, pj

And bee it further enacted that where any lands have beene or shall be given for the maintenance of causeys, pavements, highwayes and bridges, all such persons that are or shall be enfeoffed or trusted with any such lands shall lett them to farme at the most improved yearely value without fine, and that the justices of the peace in their open sessions shall and may enquire by such wayes and meanes as they thinke fitting into the value of all such lands soe given or to be given, and order the improvement and imployment of the rents and proffitts thereof according to the will and direction of the donor of such lands if they finde that the persons [soe2] intrusted have beene negligent or faulty in the performance of their trust (except suoh lands as have beene given to the uses aforesaid to any colledge or hall in either of the universityes of this kingdome which have visitors of their owne) any law, statute, usage or custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule. 2 interlined on the roll.

jaRep., as to so much as relates to the highways, 7 Geo. 3. c. 42. s. 57.]

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

767

22 & 23 CHARLES II. A.D. 1670 & 1671.

STATUTES MADE IK THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holdbn at Westminster the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second,

And by several Prorogations Continued until the Fourteenth Day of February,

In the TWENTY-SECOND Year of the same King,

And from thence continued until the Twenty-second Day of April,

In the TWENTY-THIRD Year of the same King,

In the Ninth Session of the same Parliament.

ftotalo ^arliamentt tie Status ftegtti ftegtt CaroU Wtregtmo SecuntJo "t ^teesimo tertio.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for the better setting of Intestates Estates. R0t. Part.

22 St 23 C II

"DEE it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie with the advice nu- xq,

and consent of the lords spirituall and temporal! and the commons in All ordinaries

this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of "the same that grant

all ordinaries aswell the judges of the prerogative courts of Canterbury and Yorke administration*

for the time being as all other ordinaries and ecdesiasticall judges and every of them to take bond.

haveing power to committ administration of the goods of persons dying intestate,

shall and may upon their respective granting and comitting of administrations of the

goods of persons dying intestate after the first day of June one thousand six hundred

seaventy and one of the respective person or persons to whome any administration is to

be cdmitted, take sufficient bonds with two or more able suretyes, respect being had to the

value of the estate in the name of the ordinary with the condition in forme and manner

following, mutatis mutandis viz...Which bonds are hereby declared and enacted ....

to be good to all intents and purposes, and pleadable in any courts of justice. {Rep., Ordinaries may 20 & 21 Vict. c. 77. s. 80.J And alsoe that the said ordinaries and judges respectively shall and may, and are enabled to proceede and call such administrators account, and to accompt for and touching the goods of any person dyeing intestate, and upon Son amongst* heareing and due consideration thereof to order and make just and equall des- the wife and tribution of what remaineth cleare (after all debts, funeralls and just expences c*"ldren»&B-of every sort first allowed and deducted) amongst the wife and children, or childrens children if any such be or otherwise to the next of kindred to the dead person in equall degree, or legally representing their stocks pro suo cniq^ jure according to the lawes in such cases and the rules and limitation hereafter sett downe, and the same destributions to decree and setle, and to compel! such administrators to observe and pay the same by the due course of his Majestyes ecdesiasticall lawes. Saveing to every one supposeing him or Appeal, themselves agreived their right of appeale as was alwayes in such cases used.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid that all m. ordinaries and every other person who by this Act is enabled to make whonT»urpia» distribution of the surplusage of the estate of any person dying intestate tobediitri-shall distribute the whole surplusage of such estate or estates in manner and forme following, that is to say, one third part of the said surplusage to the wife of the intestate, and all the residue by equall portions to and amongst

k

768

22 & 23 Charles II. c. 10.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

Proviso respecting advancement by portion, &c.

Heir at law, although he take land, to have an equal part.

If no children then moiety to wife, and residue to next of kin.

IV.

Representation

amongst

collaterals.

If no children then to next of kin.

y.

Ho distribution till alter one year.

If debts afterwards appear, then all to refund propor-tionably.

VL Proviso for administration cum testamento annexo.

the children of such persons dyeing intestate, and such persons as legally represent such children in case any of the said children be then dead, other then such childe or children (not being heire at law) who shall have any estate by the setlement of the intestate, or shall be advanced by the intestate in his life time by portion or portions equall to the share which shall by such distribution be allotted to the other children, to whome such distribution is to be made. And in case any childe other then the heire at law who shall have any, estate by setlement from the said intestate, or shall be advanced by the said intestate in his life time by portion not equall to the share which will be due to the other children by such distribution as aforesaid, then soe much of the surplusage of the estate of such intestate to be distributed to such childe or children as shall have any land by setlement from the intestate, or were advanced in the life time of the intestate as shall make the estate of all the said children to be equall as neere as can be estimated. But the heire at law notwithstanding any land that he shall have by descent or otherwise from the intestate is to have an equall part in the distribution with the rest of the children without any consideration of the value of the land which he hath by descent or otherwise from the intestate. And in case there be noe children nor any legall representatives of them, then one moyety of the said estate to he allotted to the wife of the intestate, the residue of the said estate to be distributed equally to every of the next of kindred of the intestate who are in equall degree and those who legally represent them.

Provided that there be noe representations admitted among coll&ter&lls after brothers and sisters children, and in case there be noe wife then all the said estate to be distributed equally to and amongst the children, and in case there be noe childe then to the next of kindred in equall degree of, or unto the intestate and their legall representatives as aforesaid and in noe other manner whatsoever.

Provided alsoe and bee it likewise enacted by the authoritie aforesaid to the end that a due reguard be had to creditors that noe such distribution of the goods of any person dying intestate be made till [after1] one yeare be fully expired after the intestates death, and that such and every one to whome any distribution and share shall be allotted shall give bond with sufficient suretyes in the said courts that if any debt or debts truely oweing by the intestate shall be afterwards sued for and recovered, or otherwise duely made to appeare that then and in every such case he or she shall respectively refund and pay backe to the administrator his or her rateable part of that debt or debts, and of the costs of suite and charges of the administrator by reason of such debt out of the part and share soe as aforesaid allotted to him or her, thereby to enable the said administrator to pay and satisfie the said debt or debts soe discovered after the distribution made as aforesaid.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid that in all cases where the ordinary hath used heretofore to grant administration cum testamento annexo, he shall continue soe to doe, and the will of the deceased in such testament expressed shall be performed and observed in such manner as it should have beene if this Act had never beene made.2]


A.D. 1670 & 1671.

22 & 23 Charles II. all.

7G9

CHAPTER XI.

An Act to prevent the delivery up of Merchants Shipps, and for the Increase of good and serviceable Shipping.

WHEREAS it often happeneth that masters and commanders of merchants shipps doe suffer their shipps to be boarded, and their goods to be taken out by pirates and sea-rovers, notwithstanding they have sufficient force to defend themselves, whereby not onely the merchants are much pjudiced but the honour of the English navigation is thereby much diminished, and merchants discouraged from ladeing their goods on board English shipps to the decay of shipping. In the pservation of which the wealth, honour and safety of this nation is soe much concerned, to which the said masters are incouraged by a practice used towards them by the Turkes and others who after they have taken out the goods as encouragement to masters of shipps to yeild, doe not onely restore the shipp with such goods as are claimed by the masters or seamen but many times pay unto the masters all or some part of the freight, which hath many times caused suspition of treachery in the said masters to the great dishonour of the English nation. For the pvention thereof for the future and for the better incouragement to merchants as well foreigners as English to freight and use English shipps bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and commons assembled in Parlyament and by authoritie of the same that where any goods or merchandices shall be laden on board [any1] English shipp, which shipp shall be of the burthen of two hundred tunns or upwards and mounted with sixteene gunns or more, if the master or commander shall yeild up the said goods to any Turkish shipps or vessells, or to any pirates or sea rovers whatsoever without fighting, that then and in such case the master shall upon proofe thereof made in the High Court of Admiraltie be from thenceforth incapeable of takeing charge of any English shipp or vessell as master or commander thereof. And if he shall at any time thereafter presume to take upon him to command any English shipp or vessel], he shall suffer imprisonment by warrant from the said court dureing the space of six months for every such offence; and in case the persons soe takeing the said goods shall release give backe or lett passe (8 ) the said shipp shall pay unto the said master any summe or summes of money, or any goods in lieu of money for freight or other reward or gift, that in all or any such cases the said goods or money soe given or the value thereof, as alsoe the masters part of such shipp her tackle, apparell and furniture soe released, given backe or lett. passe, out of which the said goods were taken shall be lyeable to repaire the persons whose goods were soe delivered or taken by action in the High Court of Admiralty, and in case the commanders or masters part of the shipp, tackle, apparell and furniture together with such money and goods given as aforesaid shall not be sufficient to repaire all the dammages sustained, then the reparations to be recovered on the toasters or commanders part of the shipp to be divided pro rata amongst the p^fsehs prosecuting and proveing their damages, and the persons damaged to have their action against the master for the remainder.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that noe master of any such English shipp as aforesaid being at sea, and haveing discovered any

Rot. Parl.

22 & 23 C. II.

p. 1. nu. 11.

Reasons for passing this Act

Master delivering up ship (of 200 tons and 16 guns) to pirates or others without fighting.

Incapacity.

Taking command afterwards, imprisonment

In what case, where goods or ships taken are released and money given to the master, the master liable to repairs, and in what proportion.

IL

The master not to depart

3 o

out of his ship.

m.

Not fighting ^hen the ship is under 200 tons and 16 guns.

Penalty.

IV.

Such ships not fighting, the masters or ships may be seized by process out of Admiralty.

V.

Proviso for ports of states in amity

VI. Mariners, &c. refusing to fight

Penalty.

Punishment.

vn.

Proviso where the master is forced by his men to yield.

IX. Provision for officers or seamen wounded in defence of ship;

770 22 & 23 Charles II. c. 11. A.D. 1670 & 1671.

shipp to be a Turkish shipp, pirate or sea rover shall depart out of his shipp upon any ptence whatsoever least by his detention on board any such shipp the safety of his owne shipp be hazarded.

And bee it further enacted that if the master of any English shipp or vessell though not of the burthen of two hundred tunns or mounted with sixteene gunns as aforesaid shall yeild his shipp unto any Turkish shipp, pirate or sea rover (not haveing at the least his double number of gunns) without fighting, every such master shall be lyeable to all and every the penaltyes in this Act contained.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that upon processe made out of the High Court of Admiralty, it shall and may be lawfull to and for all commanders of his Majestyes shipps of warr or the commanders of any other English shipps to seize such shipps or masters soe offending according to the said processe in such case to be issued, and the same to bring or send in custody into any ports of His Majestyes dominions there to be proceeded against according to the intent and meaning of this Act.

Provided that none be hereby encouraged to violate the rights of the ports of any forreigne prince or state in amity with the Kings Majestie.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that if the marriners or inferiour officers of any English shipp laden with goods and merchandices as aforesaid shall decline or refuse to fight and defend the shipp when they shall be thereunto commanded by the master or commander thereof, or shall utter any words to discourage the other marriners from defending the shipp, that every marriner who shall be found guilty of declineing or refuseing as aforesaid shall loose all his wages due to him together with such goods as he hath in his shipp, and suffer imprisonment not exceeding the space of six monthes and shall dureing such time be kepte to hard labour for his or their maintenance.

Provided alwayes that if any shipp shall have beene yeilded as aforesaid

contrary to the will and endeavour of the master or commander by the

disobedience of the marriners, testifyed by their haveing laid violent hands

on him. That in such case the master or commander shall not be lyable to

the sentence of incapacity as aforesaid, nor to any action for the losses

sustained by the merchants unlesse he shall have received backe from the

takers thereof his shipp, or some recompence gift or reward as aforesaid.


And for the better encouragement to captaines, masters officers and seamen to defend their shipp bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid that when any English shipp shall have beene defended by fight and brought to her designed port, in which fight any of the officers or seamen shall have beene wounded it shall and may be lawfull to and for the judge of his Majestyes High Court* of Admiralty or his surrogate or the judge of the Vice-Admiralty, within which the shipp shall arrive at her retume upon petition of the master or seamen of such shipp soe defended as aforesaid to call unto him such and soe many as he shall be informed to be adventurers or owners of the shipp and goods soe defended, and by advice with them to raise and leavy upon the respective owners and adventurers by processe out of the said court such summe or summes of money as himselfe with the major part of the adventurers or owners then present shall judge reasonable not exceeding the value of two per cent of the shipp and goods soe defended according to the first cost of the goods to be made appeare by the envoice (which the owner or his factor or correspondent

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

22 & 23 Chables II. c. 11, 22.

771

is hereby required to produce) or by the oath of the said owner, factor or

correspondent if thereunto required. Which money soe raised shall be paid

unto the register of the said court who shall receive for the same three pence

in each pound and noe more, thence to be distributed amongst the captaine,

master officers and seamen of the said shipp or widdowes and children of the and for widows

slaine according to the direction of the judge of the said court with the

approbation of three or more of the owners or adventurers aforesaid who slain.

shall proportion the same according to their best judgements unto the shipps

company as aforesaid, haveing speciall reguard unto the widdowes and children

of such as shall [have*] [be *] slaine in that service, and to such as shall have

beene wounded or maimed.

And in case the company belonging unto any English merchant shipp shall X. happen to take any shipp, which shipp shall first have assaulted them, the respective officers and marriners belonging to the same shall after condemnation privateers, of such shipp and goods have and receive to their owne proper use and benefitt such part and share thereof as is usually practised in private men of warr.



CHAPTER XXII.

An Act for the better and more certaine Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures

due to his Majestie. JaJ

Mot. Pari.

22 & 28 C. II.

p. 2. »m. 10.

....For remedy whereof, and mischeifes of like kinde bee it enacted and ....

ordained by the Kings most excellent Majestie, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and the commons in Parlyament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same that from henceforth all fines, post fines, issues, amerciaments All fines, post forfeited, recognizances, summe and summes of money paid, or to be paid in liew or fines^ssues,and satisfaction of them or any of them, and all other forfeitures whatsoever which already other ?f are, or hereafter shall be sett, imposed, lost or forfeited in his Majestyes courts of iJ0^Bted Kings Bench, Common Bench or Exchequer, shall be certified and estreated in, and q p orExche-into the said Court of Exchequer twice in every yeare yearely (that is to say) all fines, quer, to be cer-post-fines, issues, amerciaments forfeited, recognizances, summe and summes of money tified twice paid, or to be paid in liew or satisfaction of them or any of them, and all other into

forfeitures whatsoever ariseing in any of the said courts from the begining of every fomSe *' Hillary Terme in every yeare to the begining of every Trinity Terme in every yeare, beginning of shall be, and are hereby ordained to be certyfyed and estreated in, and into the said Hilary Term to Court of Exchequer the last day of every Trinity Terme in every yeare. JRep., Stat. thebeginningof Law Rev. Act, 1863.J. Trinity Term;



And bee it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid that all fines, 3H.

issues, amerciaments forfeited, recognizances, summe and summes of money paid or to fines, &c.

be paid in liew or satisfaction of them or any of them, and all other forfeitures whatsoever which already are or hereafter shall be sett, imposed, lost or forfeited by ^t)m Michael-

1 interlined on the roll. 2 beene O.

p Rep. as to so much as relates to fines, issues and amerciaments, forfeited recognizances, sum or sums of money paid or to be paid in lieu or satisfaction of them or any of them imposed and adjudged at any quarter sessions of the peace, 3 Geo. 4. c. 46. s. 1.

Rep. as to so much as requires all fines, forfeitures, issues, amerciaments, forfeited recognizances, sum and sums of money paid in lieu and satisfaction of them or any of them, and all other forfeitures whatsoever, set, imposed, lost, or forfeited in his Majesty's courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, or by or before any judge or judges of assize, clerk of the market, or commissioners of sewers, throughout the kingdom of England, to be certified and estreated into the Court of Exchequer twice in every year yearly, at the times hereby appointed, 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 99. s. 22.j

3 c 2

772

22 & 23 Charles II. c. 22.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

mas to Easter, to be in like manner certified,

before Trinity Term.

fv*.

Clerks of the peace and town clerks to deliver to sheriff a schedule of fines, &c.

y.

Officers not to withhold or conceal fines, &c.

nor miscertiff, &c. fines, &c. into the Exche* qner;

penalty.

or before any judge or judges of assize, clerke of the market, or comissers of sewers throughout the kingdome of England, shall be, and are hereby ordained to be certifyed and estreated into the said Court of Exchequer twice in every yeare yearely (that is to say) all fines, issues, amerciaments forfeited, recognizances, summe and summes of money paid or to be paid in liew or satisfaction of them, or any of them, ariseing or happening in any of the said courts last mentioned, or before any judge or judges of the same from the feast of Saint Michaell the Arch Angell in every yeare, to the feast of Easter in every yeare shall be certifyed and estreated in, and into the said Court of Exchequer, before the first day of Trinity Terme in every yeare. {Rep., StaL

Law Rev. Act, 1863.J.........

And bee it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid that all and every the clerke and clerkes of the peace and all towne clerks and every of them within the kingdome of England doe, and shall make and deliver to the shenife or sherifies of the county, city or towne-corporate where the sessions of the peace is or shall be kept within twenty dayes after the nine and twentyeth day of September in every yeare yearely, a true or perfect estreate or skedule of all fines, issues, amerciaments forfeited, recognizances, summe and summes of money, and other forfeitures whatsoever that are, or shall happen to be imposed, sett, lost or forfeited in any of the said sessions of the peace respectively, which shall be held before Michaelmas by or upon any person

or persons whatsoever due to his Majesty. |Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.J.....

And bee it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid that noe officer or minister of or belonging to any of his Majesties courts of Kings Bench, Common Bench, or Exchequer, nor any clerke of assize, clerke of the peace, towne-clerke, nor any officer or minister under them or any of them, nor other person or persons whatsoever doe, or shall spare, take of, discharge, or wittingly or willingly conceale any indictment, fine, post fine, issue, amerciament forfeited, recognizance, or other forfeiture whatsoever exhibited, sett, imposed, lost or forfeited, [or to be exhibited sett imposed lost or forfeited1] in any of the said courts before mentioned or before any judge or judges of or belonging to the same, or any summe or summes of money paid or to be paid to any officer or officers in liew or satisfaction of any fine or forfeiture, unlesse it be by rule or order in court where such indictment, fine, post fine, issue, amerciament forfeited, recognizance or other forfeiture is or shall be exhibited, sett, imposed, lost or forfeited; nor shall any of the said officers or ministers aforesaid or any of them, [or s] any other wittingly or willingly miscertifie or estreate in, or into the said Court of Exchequer any fine, post fine, issue, amerciament forfeited, recognizance or other forfeiture whatsoever whereby the processe of the said Court of Exchequer for the leavying of the same may be made invalid and of none effect; but every such officer and officers and all and every other person and persons offending herein, shall for every such offence forfeite and pay treble the value of such fine, post fine, issue, amerciament forfeited, recognizance, summe and summes of money and other forfeiture soe spared, taken of, discharged, concealed, not certifyed or estreated, or miscertifyed or estreated as aforesaid; the one moyety thereof to the use and behoofe of his Majestie his heires and successors, and the other moyety to such person or persons as shall or will sue for the same in any court of record, by action of debt, bill or information wherein noe wager of law, essoigne or protection shall be allowed. And alsoe shall lose his and their office and place and be for ever incapeable to be imployed in any office or place where any part of his Majestves revenue is to be managed or paid.


A.D. 1672.

25 CHARLES II. A.D. 1672.

773

STATUTES made in the PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of & CHARLES the Second, And by divers Prorogations and Adjournments Continued until the Twentieth Day of October,

In the TWENTY-FIFTH Year of the same King,

In the Tenth Session of the same Parliament.

<£jr ftotulo H tanno ftegnt ftegte Carolt

minUt, ^treOtmo qutnto.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act to enable the County Palatine of Durham to send Knights and Burgesses to serve in Parlyament.

WHEREAS the inhabitants of the county palatine of Durham have not hitherto had the liberty and priviledge of electing and sending any knights and burgesses to the High Court of Parlyament, although the inhabitants of the said county palatine are lyable to all payments, rates and subsidies granted by Parlyament equally with the inhabitants of other counties cities and burroughes in this kingdome, who have their knights arid burgesses in the Parlyament, and are therefore concerned equally with others the inhabitants of this kingdome to have knights and burgesses in the said High Court of Parlyament of their owne election to represent the condition of their county as the inhabitants of other countryes, cittyes and burroughes of this kingdome have, wherefore may it please your Majestie that it may be enacted and bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and [consent1] of the lords spirituall and temporall and the commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same that from time to time and at all times from and after the end of this present session of Parlyament, the said county palatine of Durham may have two knights for the same county, and the city of Durham two citizens to be burgesses for the same citty, for ever hereafter to serve in the High Court of Parlyament to be elected and chosen by vertue of your Majestyes writt, to be awarded by the lord chauncellour or lord keeper of the great seale of England for the time being, in that belialfe to the lord bishop of Durham, or his temporall chauncellor of the [said *] county of Durham and a precept to be thereupon grounded and made by the lord bishop of Durham, or his temporall chauncellor for the time being, to the sheriffe of the said county for the time being, and the same election from time to time be made in manner and forme following, that is to say, the elections of the knights to serve for the said county palatine from time to time hereafter to be made by the greater number of freeholders of the said county palatine of Durham which from time shall be present at such elections accordingly as is used in other countyes in this your Majesties kingdome, and that the election of the said burgesses from time to time to serve in the High Court of Parlyament for the city of Durham to be made from time to time by the major part of the maior, aldermen and freemen of the said city of Durham which from time to time

Rot. Parl.

25 C. II. nu. 9.

Recital that C. P. of Durham hath not hitherto sent members to Parliament.

The C. P. of Durham to send two knights, and the city of Durham to send two burgesses, to Parliament

How the elections are to be made, and by whom.

774

25 Charles II. c. 9.

A.D. 1672.

Members to be returned by the sheriff.

Privileges of the knights and burgesses so returned,

jRot Pari 29 a II. p. 2. mu 2.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Parol leases and interests of freehold, Ac. to have the force of estates at will only.

n.

Except leases not exceeding

shall be present at such elections; which said knights and burgesses and every of them soe elected and chosen shall be returned by the said sheriffe into the Chauncery of England in due forme and upon the like paines as be ordained for the sheriffe or sheriffes of any other county of this kingdome, to make his or their returns in the like cases, and that the said knights and burgesses and every of them soe elected and returned, shall be by authoritie of this present Act, knights and burgesses of the High Court of Parlyament to all intents and purposes, and have and use the like voice, authority and places therein to all intents and purposes, as any other the knights and burgesses of the said High Court of Parlyament have, use and enjoy, and likewise shall and may by vertue of this present Act take, have, use and enjoy all such and the like liberties, advantages, dignities and priviledges concerning the said Court of Parlyament to all intents, constructions and purposes, as any other the knights and burgesses of the said High Court of Parlyament have taken, had, used or enjoyed, or shall, may or ought hereafter to have, take or enjoy.

29 CHARLES II. A.D. 1677.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations Continued until the Fifteenth Day of February,

In the TWENTY-NINTH Year of the same King,

In the Fifteenth Session of the same Parliament.

<£jr Rotulo ^arltamentt be 3mu> ftrgnt ftegfc Caroli

2Ft«£Suno none.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for prevention of Frauds and Perjuryes.

"I710R prevention of many fraudulent practices which are commonly endea-voured to be upheld by perjury and subornation of perjury bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and the commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same that from and after the fower and twentyeth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven all leases estates interests of freehold or termes of yeares or any uncertaine interest of in to or out of any messuages mannours lands tenements or hereditaments made or created by livery and seisin onely or by parole and not putt in writeing and signed by the parties soe makeing or creating the same or their agents thereunto lawfully authorized by writeing, shall have the force and effect of leases or estates at will onely and shall not either in law or equity be deemed or taken to have any other or greater force or effect, any consideration for makeing any such parole leases or estates or any former law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Except neverthelesse all leases not exceeding the terme of three yeares from the makeing thereof whereupon the rent reserved to the landlord dureing

AJX 1677.

29 Charles II. c. 3.

775

such term© shall amount unto two third parts at the least of the full improved value of the thing demised.

And moreover that noe leases estates or interests either of freehold or terms of yeares or any uncertaine interest not being copyhold or customary interest of in to or out of any messuages mannours lands tenements or hereditaments shall at any time after the said fower and twentyeth day of June be assigned granted or surrendred unlesse it be by deed or note in writeing signed by the party soe assigning granting or surrendring the same or their agents thereunto lawfully authorized by writeing or by act and operation of law.

And bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid that from and after the said fower and twentyeth day of June noe action shall be brought whereby to charge any executor or administrator upon any speciall promise to answere damages out of his owne estate or whereby to charge the defendant upon any speciall promise to answere for the debt default or miscarriages of another person or to charge any person upon any agreement made upon consideration of marriage or upon any contract or sale of lands tenements or hereditaments or any interest in or concerning them or upon any agreement that is not to be performed within the space of one yeare from the makeing thereof unlesse the agreement upon which such action shall be brought or some memorandum or note thereof shall be in writeing and signed by the partie to be charged therewith or some other person thereunto by him lawfully authorized.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that from and after the said fower and twentyeth day of Juno all devises and bequests of any lands or tenements deviseable either by force of the Statute of Wills or by this statute or by force of the custome of Kent or the custome of any burrough or any other perticular custome shall be in writeing and signed by the partie soe deviseing the same or by some other person in his presence and by his expresse directions and shall be attested and subscribed in the presence of the said devisor by three or fower credible witnesses or else they shall be utterly void and of none effect. {Rep., except as to wills made before 1st January 1838, 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 26. ss. 2, 34.J


And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that from and after the said fower and twentyeth day of June all declarations or creations of trusts or confidences of any lands tenements or hereditaments shall be manifested and proved by some writeing signed by the partie who is by law enabled to declare such trust or by his last will in writeing or else they shall be utterly void and of none effect.

Provided alwayes that where any conveyance shall bee made of any lands or tenements by which a trust or confidence shall or may arise or result by the implication or construction of law or bee transferred or extinguished by an act or operation of law then and in every such case such trust or confidence shall be of the like force and effect as the same would have beene if this statute had not beene made. Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted that all grants and assignments of any trust or confidence shall likewise be in writeing signed by the partie granting or assigning the same [or*] by such last will or devise or else shall likewise be utterly void and of none effect.

1 interlined on the roll.

three years,

&c.

m.

No leases or estates of freehold or copy-hold, &c. to be granted or surrendered but by writing signed.

IV.

No action against executors, &c. upon a special promise, or upon any agreement, or contract for sale of lands,&c.unless agreement, &c. be in writing, and signed.

V.

Devises of lands to be in writing and signed and attested by three or four witnesses.

vn.

Declarations or creations of trusts of lands to be in writing signed.

vin.

Proviso for trusts arising, transferred or extinguished by implication of law.

IX.

Assignments of trusts shall be in writing.

29 Charles II. c. 3.

A.D. 1677.

776

x.

Lands, &c. of cestui que trust liable to the judgments, &c.

and held free from the incumbrances of the persqns seized in trust.

Trust shall be assets by descent.

XI.

But heir shall not by reason thereof become chargeable of his own estate.

xm.

Recital of mischiefs arising from the relation of judgments to the first day of the term, &c.

The day of signing any judgment to be entered on the margin of the roll without fee s

XIV.

And such judgments as

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that from and after the said fower and twentyeth day of June it shall and may be lawfull for every sheriffe or other officer to whome any writt or precept is or shall be directed at the suite of any person or persons of for and upon any judgement statute or recognizance hereafter to be made or had, to doe make and deliver execution unto the partie in that behalfe sueing of all such lands tenements rectories tythes rents and hereditaments as any other person or persons be in any manner of wise seised or possessed [or hereafter shall be seised or possessed*] in trust for him against whome execution is soe sued like as the sheriffe or other officer might or ought to have done if the said partie against whome execution hereafter shall be soe sued had beene seised of such lands tenements rectories tythes rents or other hereditaments of such estate as they be seized of in trust for him at the time of the said execution sued. Which lands tenements rectories tythes rents and other hereditaments by force and vertue of such execution shall accordingly he held and enjoyed freed and discharged from all incumbrances of such person or persons as shall be soe seised or possessed in trust for the person against whome such execution shall be sued. And if any cestuy que trust hereafter shall dye leaveing a trust in fee simple to descend to his heire, there, and in every such case such trust shall be deemed and taken and is hereby declared to be assetts by descent and the heire shall be lyable to and chargeable with the obligation of his auncestors for and by reason of such assetts as fully and amply as he might or ought to have beene if the estate in law had descended to him in possession in like manner as the trust descended, any law custome or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes that noe heire that shall become chargeable by reason of any estate or trust made assetts in his hands by this law shall by reason of any kinde of plea or confession of the action or suffering judgement by nient dedire or any other matter bee chargeable to pay the condemnation out of his owne estate but execution shall be sued of the whole estate soe made assetts in his hands by descent in whose hands soever it shall come after the writt purchased in the same manner as it is to be at and by the common law where the heire at law pleading a true plea judgement is prayed against him thereupon. Any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ,#*

And whereas it hath beene found mischievous that judgements in the

Kings courts at Westminster doe many times relate to the first day of the terme whereof they are entred or to the day of the retume of the originall or fileing the baile and binde the defendants lands from that time although in trueth they were acknowledged or suffered and signed in the vacation time after the said terme whereby many times purchasers finde themselves agrieved Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that from and after the said foure and twentyeth day of June any judge or officer of any of his Majestyes courts of Westminster that shall signe any judgements shall at the signeing of the same without fee for doeing the same sett downe the day of the moneth and yeare of his soe doeing upon the paper booke dockett or record which he shall signe which day of the moneth and yeare shall be alsoe entred upon the margent of the roll of the record where the said judgement shall be entred.

And bee it enacted that such judgements as against purchasers bona fide for valueable consideration of lands tenements or hereditaments to be charged

1 interlined on the roll.

A.D. 1677.

29. Charles II. c.3.

777

thereby, shall in consideration of law be judgements onely from such time as against par-they shall be soe signed and* shall not relate to the first day of the terme whereof they are entred or the day of the retume of the originall or fileing the time only, baile any law, usage or course of any court to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that from and after the xv.

said fower and twentyeth day of June noe writt of fieri facias or other wiitt of to bind

execution shall binde the property of the goods against whome such writt of the property of execution is sued forth but from the time that such writt shall be delivered to the sheriffe under sheriffe or coroners to be executed, and for the better their delivery manifestation of the said time the sheriffe under sheriffe and coroners their to the officer'

deputyes and agents shall upon the receipt of any such writt (without fee for doeing the same) endorse upon the backe thereof the day of the moneth [or1] yeare whereon he or they received the same.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that from and after the said fower and twentyeth day of June noe contract for the sale of any goods wares or merchandises for the price of ten pounds sterling or upwards shall be allowed to be good except the buyer shall accept part of the goods soe sold and actually receive the same or give some thing in earnest to bind the bargaine or in part of payment, or that some note or memorandum in writeing of the said bargaine be made and signed by the partyes to be charged by such contract or their agents thereunto lawfully authorized.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the day of the moneth and yeare of the enrollment of the recognizances shall be sett downe in the margent of the roll where the said recognizances are enrolled, and that from and after the said fower and twentyeth day of June noe recognizance shall binde any lands tenements or hereditaments in the hands of any purchasor bona fide and for valueable consideration but from the time of such enrollment, any law usage or course of any court to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI.

In what cases only contracts for sales of goods for £10 or more to be binding.

XVII.

The day of enrolment of recognisances to be set down; and lands in the hands of purchasers bound from that time only.

Provided alwayes that notwithstanding this Act any soldier being in actuall military service or any marriner or seaman being at sea may dispose of his moveables, wages and personall estate as he or they might have done before the makeing of this Act.

And it is hereby declared that nothing in this Act shall extend to alter or change the jurisdiction or right of probate of wills concerning personall estates but that the prerogative court of the archbishop of Canterbury and other ecclesiasticall courts and other courts haveing right to the probate of such wills shall retain© the same right and power as they had before in every respect subject nevertheless© to the rules and directions of this Act.

And for the explaining one Act of this present Parlyament entituled An Act for the better setleing of intestates estates bee it declared by the authority aforesaid that neither the said Act nor any thing therein contained shall be construed to extend to the estates of feme-coverts that shall dye intestate, but that their husbands may demand and have administration of their rights credits and other personall estates and recover and enjoy the same as they might have done before the makeing of the said Act.

xxn.

Proviso for soldiers and mariners wills.

xxm.

Proviso for the jurisdiction of courts granting probate.

XXIV.

22 & 23 C. II. c. 10.

Husbands not compellable to make distribution of the personal estates of their wives.

1 and O.

778

29 Charles II. c. 5.

A.D. 1677.

Hot. Pari.

29 C. II. p. 2. nu. 4.

Reasons for passing this Act

Chief justices and lord chief baron may empower persons by commission to take affidavits.

Judges of assize in their circuits may take affidavits concerning matters depending in the King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer.

Penalty on forswearing, as if sworn in open court

CHAPTER V.

An Act for takeing of Affidavits in the Country to be made use of in the Courts of Kings Bench Common Pleas and Exchequer.

T710R the greater ease and benefitt of all persons whatsoever in the takeing of affidavits to be made use of and read in his Majestyes courts of Kings Bench Common Pleas and Exchequer at Westminster as well in matters and things relateing to his Majestie and his revenue as in all other matters and causes whatsoever depending or to be depending in all or any of the courts aforesaid or any wise concerning the proceedings of or in the same bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same that the cheife justice and other the justices of the said Court of Kings Bench for the time being or any two of them whereof the cheife justice for the time being to be one for the said Court of Kings Bench and the cheife justice of the Common Pleas and the rest of the justices there for the time being or any two of them whereof the cheife justice of the same court to be one for the said Court of Common Pleas and alsoe the lord treasurer chauncellor and barons of the Court of Exchequer for the time being or any two or more of them whereof the lord treasurer chauncellor or lord cheife baron for the time being to be one for the said Court of Exchequer shall and may by one or more commission or commissions under the severall seales of the said respective courts from time to time as neede shall require impower what and as many persons as they shall thinke fitt and necessary in all and every the severall shires and counlyes within the kingdome of England and dominion of Wales and towne of Berwlcke upon Tweede to take and receive all and every such affidavit and affidavits ras any person or persons shall be willing and desireous to make before any of the persons soe impowered in or concerning any cause matter or thing depending [or hereafter to be depending1] or any wise concerning any of the proceedings to be in the said respective courts as masters of chaunceiy in extraordinary doe use to doe, and that it shall and may be lawfull for any judge of assise in his circuit to take and receive any affidavit or affidavits as any person or persons shall be willing and desireous to make before him in or concerning any cause matter or thing depending or hereafter to be depending or in any wise concerning any proceedings to be [had *] in the said courts of Kings Bench Common Pleas and Exchequer or any of them, which said affidavits taken as aforesaid shall be filed in their severall and respective offices of the said courts the same doe conceme and then be read and made use of in the said courts to all intents and purposes as other affidavits taken in the said courts now are and that all and every affidavit and affidavits taken as aforesaid shall be of the same force as affidavits taken in the said respective courts now are, and all and every person and persons forswearing him her or themselves in such affidavit or affidavits shall incurr and be lyable unto the same penalties as if such affidavit or affidavits had beene made and taken in open court.

Provided that for the takeing of every such affidavit the person or persons soe impowered and takeing the same shall for soe doeing receive onely the

n.

Fee besides the King's duty.

A.D. 1677.

29 Chaeles II. c. 6, 7.

779

summe or fee of twelve pence and noe more besides the duty payable to his Majestie for the same, which said duty to his Majestie shall not be paid to the said commissioner but to the proper officers in the said respective courts before such affidavit or affidavits be therein filed or made use of

CHAPTER m

An Act for the better Observation of the Lords day commonly called Sunday.

"IjlOR the better observation and keeping holy the Lords day commonly called Sunday bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and of the commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same that all the lawes enacted and in force concerning the observation of the Lords day and repaireing to the church thereon be carefully putt in execution. And that all and every person and persons whatsoever shall on every Lords day apply themselves to the observation of the same by exerciseing themselves thereon in the dutyes of piety and true religion publiquely and privately and that noe tradesman, artificer workeman labourer or other person whatsoever shall doe or exercise any worldly labour, busines or worke of their ordinary callings upon the Lords day or any part thereof L(workes of necessity and charity onely excepted) and that every person being of the age of fourteene yeares or upwards offending in the premisses shall for every such offence forfeit the summe of five shillings, and that noe person or persons whatsoever shall publickly cry shew forth or expose to sale any wares merchandizes, fruit, herbs goods or chattells whatsoever upon the Lords day or any part thereof upon paine that every person soe offending shall forfeite the same goods soe cryed or shewed forth or exposed to sale.

And it is further enacted that noe drover horsecourser waggoner butcher higler their or any of their servants shall travell or come into his or their inne or lodgeing upon the Lords day or any part thereof upon paine that each and every such offender shall forfeite twenty shillings for every such offence, and that noe person or persons shall use imploy or travell upon the Lords day with any boate wherry lighter or barge except it be upon extraordinary occasion to be allowed by some justice of the peace of the county or head officer or some justice of the peace of the citty burrough or towne corporate where the fact shall be committed upon paine that every person soe offending shall forfeite and lose the summe of five shillings for every such offence, and that if any person offending in any of the premisses shall be thereof convicted before any justice of the peace of the county or the cheife officer or officers or any justice of the peace of or within any citty burrough or towne corporate where the said offences shall be committed upon his or their view or confession of the party or proofe of any one or more witnesses by oath (which the said justices cheife officer or officers is by this Act authorized to administer) the said justice or cheife officer or officers shall give warrant under his or their hand and seale to the constables or churchwardens of the parish or parishes where such offence shall be committed to seize the said goods cryed, shewed forth or putt to sale as aforesaid and to sell the same and to levy the said other forfeitures or penaityes by way of distresse and sale of the goods of every such offender distrained rendering to the said offenders the overplus of

Rot. Pari 29 C. II. p. 2. nu. 6.

Tradesmen, &c. working on Sunday, Exception.

Penalty 5s .;

exposing to sale wares, &c .;

penalty.

n.

Drovers, &c. travelling, &c.

Penalty 20s.

Using boats, barges, &c.

Penalty 5s.

Proceedings on conviction.

Goods cryed may be seized.

Penalties how to be levied.

780.

29 Chables II. c. 7.

A.D. 1677.

In case of

insufficiency,

stocks.

Penalties how to be disposed of.

Reward to informer.

III.

Proviso for private

families, inns, &c. and for crying milk.

IV. Limitation of prosecution.

V.

Hundred not responsible for robberies committed on the Lords day;

but shall make fresh suit after the offenders.

27 Eliz. c. 13.

Penalty.

VI. Service of process on the Lords day (exception) void.

Persons serving the same liable to action.

the moneys raised thereby and in default of such distresse or in case of insufficiency or inability of the said offender to pay the said forfeitures or penalties that then the party offending be sett publickly in the stocks by the space of two houres, and all and singular the forfeitures or penaltyes aforesaid shall be imployed and converted to the use of the poore of the parish where the said [offence*] shall be committed saveing onely that it shall and may be lawfull to and for any such justice maior or head officer or officers out of the said forfeitures or penalties to reward any person or persons that shall informe of any offence against this Act according to their discretions soe as such reward exceede not the third part of the forfeitures or penalties. IRep., as to so much as pvevents any person or persons from using, employing, or travelling on the Lord's day with any boat, wherry, lighter, or barge, or imposes any penalty or punishment for so doing, 7 & 8 Geo. 4. e. Ixxv. s. 1., but see s. 3. of the repealing Act as to its extentj

Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the prohibiting of dressing of meate in families or dressing or selling of meat in inns cooke-shops or victualling houses for such as otherwise cannot be provided nor to the crying or selling of milke before nine of the clocke in the morning or after foure of the clocke in the aftemoone.

Provided alsoe that noe person or persons shall be impeached prosecuted or molested for any offence before mentioned in this Act unlesse he or they be prosecuted for the same within ten dayes after the offence committed.

Provided and bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that if any person or persons whatsoever which shall travell upon the Lords day shall be then robbed that noe hundred nor the inhabitants thereof shall be charged with or answerable for any robbery soe committed but the person or persons soe robbed shall be barred from bringing any action for the said robbery, any law to the contrary notwithstanding. Neverthelesse the inhabitants of the countyes and hundreds (after notice of any such robbery to them or some of them given, or after huy and cry for the same to be brought) shall make or cause to be made fresh suite and pursuite after the offenders with horsemen and footemen according to the Statute made in the twenty seventh yeare of the raigne of Queene Elizabeth upon paine of forfeiting to the Kings Majestie his heires and successors as much money as might have beene recovered against the hundred by the partie robbed if this law had not beene made.

Provided alsoe that noe person or persons upon the Lords day shall serve or execute or cause to be served or executed any writt, processe, warrant, order judgement or decree (except in cases of treason felony or breach of the peace) but that the service of every such writt, processe, warrant, order judgement or decree shall be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever and the person or persons soe serveing or executeing the same shall be as lyable to the suite of the partie grieved and to answere damages to him for doeing thereof as if he or they had done the same without any writt, processe warrant order judgement or decree at all.

1 offences O.

781

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiasticall Persons to small Vicarages and Curacies.

WHEREAS diverse arch bishops bishops deanes and chapters and other ecclesiasticall persons in obedience to his Majestyes letters beareing date the first day of June in the twelfth yeare of his said Majestyes raigne and out of a pious care to improve poore vicarages and curacies where the endowment thereof was found too small to afford a competent maintenance to those that serve the cure have since his Majestyes happy returne upon their renewing of leases of rectories or tythes impropriate or appropriate made or may hereafter make diverse reservations beyond the auntient rent to the intent the same should or might become payable to the said vicars or curates in augmentation of their endowments which have beene for the most part enjoyed accordingly but in reguard that such reservations were not made to the vicars or curates or if they were noe convenient remedy could be had by such vicars or curates for the recovery thereof and they were not at the time thereof capeable of takeing any interest to their owne use whereby the said provisions will depend upon the good pleasure of the successors and may in time be disappointed. For the establishment thereof bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and the commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same that all and every augmentation of what nature soever granted reserved or agreed to be. made payable or intended to be granted reserved or made payable since the said first day of June in the twelfth yeare of his said Majestyes raigne or which shall at any time hereafter be granted reserved or made payable to any vicar or curate or reserved by way of increase of rent to the lessors but intended to be to or for the use or benefitt of any viccar or curate by any arch-bishop bishop deane provost deane and chapter arch-deacon prebendary or other ecclesiasticall corporation person or persons whatsoever soe makeing the said reservation out of any rectory impropriate or portion of tythes belonging to any arch-bishop bishop deane provost deane and chapter or other ecclesiasticall corporation person or persons shall be deemed and adjudged to continue and be and shall for ever hereafter continue and remaine as well dureing the continuance of the estate or terme upon which the said augmentations were granted reserved or agreed to be made payable as afterwards in whose hands soever the said rectories or portion of tythes shall be or come, which rectories or portion of tythes shall be chargeable therewith whether the same be reserved againe or not, and the said vicars and curates respectively are hereby adjudged to be in the actuall possession thereof for the use of themselves and their successors and the same shall for ever hereafter be taken received and enjoyed by the said vicars and curates and their successors as well dureing the continuance of the terme or estate upon which the said augmentations were granted reserved or agreed to be made payable as afterwards, and the said vicars and curates shall have remedy for the same either by distresse upon the rectories impropriate or portions of tythes charged therewith or by action of debt against that person who ought to have paid the same his executors or administrators, any disability in the person or persons bodyes politicke or corporate soe

Bot. Pari.

29 C. II. p. 2. nu. 7.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Augmentations payable since 1st June,

12 Car. U. and hereafter, to continue during the estate upon which they are reserved, and afterwards.

Remedy for the

782

29 Charles II. c. 8.

A.D. 1677.

in.

Augmentation leases where to be entered.

Fee for entering.

Such entry how to be attested; to be a record and evidence at law.

IV.

Agreements for augmentations to be entered likewise.

V.

Such augmentation so entered to continue for the benefit of vicar and curate as if reserved by the lease.

Augmentations to be construed as charitable uses.

granting or any disability or incapacity in the vicars or curates to whome or to or for whose use or benefitt the same are granted or intended to be granted, the Statute of Mortmaine or any other law, custome or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.


And to the end the said vicars and curates may the better make appeare the certainty of the said augmentations bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that every arch-bishop bishop deane and chapter respectively on or before the nine and twentyeth day of September next comeing shall cause every lease or grant whereon any such augmentation is made to be fairely entred in a booke of parchment to be kept by their respective registers for that purpose. And every deane arch-deacon prebendary or other ecclesiasticall person respectively shall cause every lease or grant whereon any such augmentation hath beene made by himselfe his predecessor or predecessors to be entred in the said booke to be kept by the register of the bishop of the diocesse, for the entering whereof noe fee shall be paid nor any thing demanded save onely a reasonable reward to the clerke for entering the same not exceeding five shillings, which said entry being examined by the respective arch-bishop bishop or deane and by them respectively attested in the said booke to be a true copy of the originaJl lease or grant and that the augmentation in the same was intended for such use shall be as a record a true copy whereof proved by wittnesses to be a true copy shall be deemed taken adjudged and expounded to be good and sufficient evidence in the law whereupon the said vicars and curates respectively shall and may by vertue of this Act from time to time recover the benefitt of such augmentation.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that where any arch-bishop bishop deane and chapter or any other ecclesiasticall corporation or person whatsoever upon the renewing or granting any lease or estate have made any agreement for an augmentation for the vicar or curate and such augmentation hath for any time beene accordingly paid although the said agreement is not expressed or mentioned in the said lease or grant every such ecclesiasticall person shall cause the substance of such agreement to be entred in the said booke to remaine for a memoriall of it to perpetuity.

And bee it further enacted that such augmentation soe entred shall likewise continue and be for ever hereafter good and available in the law for the benefitt of the vicar or curate for whome it was intended and their successors as well against the arch-bishop bishop or other ecclesiasticall corporation or person who agreed for the same and his and their successors as against every other person enjoying the said rectories or portions of tythes intended to be charged therewith in the same manner and for which they shall have the same remedy as they should or ought to have by vertue of this Act if the same had beene mentioned and reserved in and by the lease. And if any question shall hereafter arise concerning the validity of such grants or any other matter or thing in this Act mentioned and contained such favourable constructions and such further remedy if need be shall be had and made for the benefitt of the vicars and curates as heretofore have beene had and made or may be had for other charitable uses upon the statutes for charitable uses.


89 Charles II. c. 9.

788

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for takeing away the Writt De Heretico cumburendo.

"DEE it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestic by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporal] and oommons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same that the writt commonly called breve de heretico comburendo with all processe and proceedings thereupon in order to the executeing such writt or following or depending thereupon and all punishment by death in pursuance of any ecclesiastical] censures be from henceforth utterly taken away and abolished, any law statute canon constitution custome or usage to the contrary heretofore or now in force in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to take away or abridge the jurisdiction of Protestant arch-bishops or bishops or any other judges of any ecclesiasticall courts in cases of atheisme blasphemy heresie or schisme and other damnable doctrines and opinions but that they may proceeds to punish the same according to his Majestyes ecclesiasticall lawes by excommunication deprivation degradation and other eocleaiastioall censures not extending to death in such sort and noe other as they might have done before the makeing of this Act any thing in this law contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

30 CHARLES II. A.D. 1G78.

STATUTES made ix the Parliamext Begum to be holdex at Westminster the Eighth Day of May,

Ix the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reigx of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations Continued until the Fifteenth Day of February,

In the TWENTY-NINTH Year of the same Kino,

And from thence further continued by Adjournment and Prorogation until The (1) Day of May,

In the THIRTIETH Year of the same Kino,

In the Sixteenth Session of the same Parliament.

0; ftotttlo ^parliament* He 2tono ftegnt Kegte Carol*

ecunlJt Crtce$tmo.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors and Administrators of Executors in their owne wrong.

XX7TIE11EAS the executors and administrators of such persons who have possessed themselves of considerable personal! estates of other dead persons and converted the same to their owne use have noe remedy by the rules of the common law as it now stands to pay the debts of those persons whose estate hath beene soe converted by their testator or intestate which

M iW.

c u; |> 9*

n,

Provito for jurudlotiou,

Rot, Pari,

30 C. If. p, 1. nu, 7.

1 obliterated on the rolL

784

30 Charles II. c. 7.

A.D. 1678.

Executors, &c. of executors, in their own wrong wasting goods of the deceased, liable as their testator, &c.

Rot. Parl.

31 C. II. mm. I

XXXII.

No officer, &c. to quarter soldiers on any subject without his consent, and any subject may refuse to quarter soldiers.

hath beene found very mischeivous and many creditors defeated of their just debts although their debtors left behinde them sufficient to satisfie the same with a great overplus For remedy whereof bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and the commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie thereof that all and every the executors and administrators of any person or persons who as executor or executors in his or their owne wrong or administrators shall from and after the first day of August next ensueing waste or convert any goods chattells estate or assetts of any person deceased to their owne use shall be lyeable and chargeable in the same manner as their testator or intestate would have beene if they had beene liveing. ......

31 CHARLES II. A.D. 1679.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Sixth Day of March,

In the THIRTY-FIRST Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And continued to the Twenty-seventh Day of May next ensuing.

ftotuto ^arltammti be amt ftegtri ftegtg Carolt &mmbt Criregtmo prime.

CHAPTER I.

An Act for granting a Supply to His Majestie of Two hundred and six thousand fower hundred sixtie two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven.


And whereas by the lawes and customes of this realme the inhabitants thereof cannot be compelled against their wills to receive souldiers into their houses and to sojourne them there Bee it declared and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that noe officer military or civill nor any other person whatever shall from henceforth presume to place quarter or billet any souldier or souldiers upon any subject or inhabitant of this realme of any degree quality or profession whatever without his consent and that it shall and may be lawfull for every such subject and inhabitant to refuse to sojourne or quarter any souldier or souldiers notwithstanding any command order (1) or billetting whatever.

1 warrant 0.

786

81 Charles II. c. 2.

A.D. 1679.

Persons committed, except for treason and felonj, &c. may appeal to the lord chancellor, Ac.

Proceedings

thereon.

Habeas corpus may be awarded;

and upon ser-yk* thereof the ofloer to bring «p the prisoners

within two dm lord chan-ceuor, he. may

and certify Ae writ with'the

aforesaid that all such writts shall be marked in this manner Per statutum tricesimo primo Caroli Secundi Regis and shall be signed by the person that awards the samel] And if any person or persons shall be or stand committed or detained as aforesaid for any crime unlesse for treason or fellony plainely expressed in the warrant of committment in the vacation time and out of terme it shall and may be lawfull to and for the person or persons soe committed or detained (other then persons convict or in execution) by legall processe or any one [in *] his or their behalfe to appeale or complaine to the lord chauncellour or lord keeper or any one of his Majestyes justices [either8] of the one bench or of the other or the barons of the Exchequer of the degree of the coife and the said lord chaunceilor lord keeper justices or barons or any of them upon view of the copy or copies of the warrant or warrants of committment and detainer or otherwise upon oath made that such copy or copyes were denyed to be given by such person or persons in whose custody the prisoner or prisoners is or are detained are hereby authorized and required [upon request made in writeing by such person or persons or any on his her or their behalfe attested and subscribed by two witnesses [that4] were present at the delivery of the same1]'to award and grant an habeas corpus under the seale of such court whereof he shall then be one of the judges to be directed to the officer or officers in whose custodie the party soe committed or detained shall be returnable immediate before the said [lord channcellor or8] lord keeper or such justice baron or any other justice or baron of the degree of the coife of any of the said courts and upon service thereof as aforesaid the officer or officers his or their under-officer or under officers under keeper or under keepers or [their *] deputy in whose custodie the partie is soe committed or detained shall within the times respectively before limitted [bring such prisoner or prisoners *] before the 3d lord chaunceilor or lord keeper or such justices barons or one of them [before whome the said writt is made returnable and in case of his absence before any other of them l] with the returne of such writt and the true causes of the committment and detainer and thereupon within two dayes after the partie shall be brought before them the said lord chaunceilor or lord keeper or such justice or baron before whome the prisoner shall be brought as aforesaid shall discharge the said prisoner from bis imprisonment takeing his or their recognisance with one or more suretie or sureties iu any summe according to their discretions haveing reguard to the quality of the prisoner and nature of the offence for his or their appearance in the Court of Kings Bench the terme following or at the next anuups sessions or general! goale-delivery of and for such county city or place where the committment was or where the offence was committed or in such other court where the aaid offence is properly cognizable as the case shall require and then shall certifie the said writt with the returne thereof and the said recognizance or recognizances into the said court where such appearance is to be made unlesse it shall appear* unto the said lord chaunceilor or lord keeper or justice or justices [or5] baron or barons that the party eoc committal is detained upon a legall processe order or wanant out of some court that hath jurisdiction of criminaU matters or by some warrant signed and sealed with the hand and seale of any of the

to the original Act ia a osdeidL

O.

A.D. 1679.

SI Charles II. c. 2.

785

CHAPTER II.

An Act for the better secureing the Liberty of the Subject and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the Seas.

WHEREAS great delayes have beene used by sheriffes goalers and other officers to whose custody any of the Kings subjects have beene committed for criminall or supposed criminall matters in makeing returnes of writts of habeas corpus to them directed by standing out an alias and pluries habeas corpus and sometimes more and by other shifts to avoid their yeilding obedience to such writts contrary to their duty and the knowne lawes of the land whereby many of the Kings subjects have beene and hereafter may be long detained in prison in such cases where by law they are baylable to their great charge and vexation. For the prevention whereof and the mere speedy releife of all persons imprisoned for any such criminall or supposed criminall matters bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituall and temporall and commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie thereof that whensoever any person or persons shall bring any habeas corpus directed unto any sheriffe or sheriffes goaler minister or other person whatsoever for any person in his or their custody and the said writt shall be served upon the said officer or left at the goale or prison with any of the under officers underkeepers or deputy of the said officers or keepers that the said officer or officers his or their under officers \mder-keepers or deputyes shall within three dayes after the service thereof as aforesaid (unlesse the committment aforesaid were for treason or fellony plainely and specially expressed in the warrant of committment) [upon payment or tender of the charges of bringing the said prissoner to be ascertained by the judge or court that awarded the same and endorsed upon the said writt not exceeding twelve pence per mile x] and upon security given by his owne bond to pay the charges of carrying backe the prisoner if he shall bee remanded by the court or judge to which he shall be brought according to the true intent of this present Act and that he will not make any escape by the way make returne of such writt [or8] bring or cause to be brought the body of the partie soe committed or restrained unto or before the lord chauncellor or lord keeper of the great seale of England for the time being or the judges or barons of the said court from whence the said writt shall issue or unto and before such other person [and 8] persons before whome the said writt is made returnable according to the command thereof, and shall [likewise then4] certifie the true causes of his detainer or imprisonment unlesse the committment of the said partie be in any place beyond the distance of twenty miles from the place or places where such court or person is or shall be resideing and if beyond the distance of twenty miles and not above one hundred miles then within the space of ten dayes and if beyond the distance of one hundred miles then within the space of twenty dayes after such (5) delivery aforesaid and not longer.

[And to the intent that noe sheriffe goaler or other officer may pretend ignorance of the import of any such writt bee it enacted by the authoritie

Hot. Pari 31 C.//.M.I

Recital that delays had ben used by foerifi in making returns of writs of habeas corpus, &c.

Sheriff, kc. within three days after service of habeas corpus, with the exception of treason and felony, as and under the regulations herein mentioned, to bring np the body before the court to which the writ is retainable;

and certify the true causes of imprisonment.

Exceptions in respect of distance.

U

How writt to bo marked,

8 or O. 4 then likewise O. 5 the O.



3d

31 Charles II. c. 2.

787

said justices or barons or some justice or justices of the peace for such matters or offences for the which by the law the prisoner is not baileable.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted that if any person shall have wilfully neglected by the space of two whole termes after his imprisonment to pray a habeas corpus for his enlargement such person soe wilfully neglecting shall not have any habeas corpus to be granted in vacation time in pursuance of this Act.1]

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that if any officer or officers his or their under-officer or under-officers under-keeper or underkeepers or deputy shall neglect or refuse to make the returnes aforesaid or to bring the body or bodies of the prisoner or prisoners according to the command of the said writt within the respective times aforesaid or upon demand made by the prisoner or person in his behalfe shall refuse to deliver or within the space of six houres after demand shall not deliver to the person soe demanding a true copy of the warrant or warrants of committment and detayner of such prisoner, which he and they are hereby required to deliver accordingly all and every the head goalers and keepers of such prisons and such other person in whose custodie the prisoner shall be detained shall for the first offence forfeite to the prisoner or partie grieved the summe of one hundred pounds and for the second offence the summe of two hundred pounds and shall and is hereby made incapeable to hold or execute his said office, the said penalties to be recovered by the prisoner or partie grieved his executors or administrators against such offender his executors or administrators by any action of debt suite bill plaint or information in any of the Kings courts at Westminster wherein noe essoigne protection priviledge injunction wager of law or stay of prosecution by non vult ulterius prosequi or otherwise'shall bee admitted or allowed or any more then one imparlance, and any recovery or judgement at the suite of any partie grieved shall be a sufficient conviction for the first offence and any after recovery or judgement at the suite of a partie grieved for any offence after the first judgement shall bee a sufficient conviction to bring the officers or person within the said penaltie for the second offence.

And for the prevention of unjust vexation by reiterated committments for the same offence bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that noe person or persons which shall be delivered or sett at large upon any habeas corpus shall at any time hereafter bee againe imprisoned or committed for the same offence by any person or persons whatsoever other then by the legall order and prooesse of such court wherein he or they shall be bound by recognizance to appeare or other court haveing jurisdiction of the cause and if any other person* or persons shall knowingly contrary to this Act recommitt or imprison or knowingly procure or cause to be recommitted or imprisoned for the same offence or pretended offence any person or persons delivered or sett at large as aforesaid or be knowingly aiding or assisting therein then he or they shall forfeite to the prisoner or party grieved the summe of five hundred pounds any colourable pretence or variation in the warrant or warrants of committment notwithstanding to be recovered as aforesaid.

IIL

Habeas corpus not granted in vacation to prisoners who have neglected to pray the same.

IV.

Officer neglecting. &c. to make the said retains, &c.

or upon demand to deliver a copy of warrant of commitment;

first offence, penalty £100.

second offence, £200 and incapacity.

Judgment at suit of party sufficient conviction.

V.

Proviso as to imprisonment of party after having been set at large upon habeas corpus.

Unduly recommitting such discharged persona or assisting therein $

penalty to the party £500.

1 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule*

3D 2

788 31 Chables II. c. 2. A.D. 1679.

J

J

VI.

If persons committed for high treason or felony plainly expressed in warrant shall not on petition be indicted as herein mentioned, judges, &c. may discharge upon bail;

proviso;

and if not indicted and tried as herein mentioned then to be discharged.

VIL Proviso respectingper-sons charged in debt, &c.

VIII. Persons committed for criminal matter not to be removed but by habeas corpus or other legal writ

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted that if any person or persons shall be committed for high treason or fellony plainely and specially expressed in the warrant of committment upon his prayer or petition in open court the first weeke of the terme or first day of the sessions of oyer and terminer or generall goale delivery to be brought to his tryall shall not he indicted sometime in the next terme sessions of oyer and terminer or generall goale deliveiy after such committment it shall and may be lawfull to and for the judges of the Court of Kings Bench and justices of oyer and terminer or generall goale deliveiy and they are hereby required upon motion to them made in open court the last day of the terme sessions or goale-delivery either by the prisoner or any one in his behalfe to sett at liberty the prisoner upon baile unlesse it appeare to the judges and justices upon oath made that the witnesses for the King could not be produced the same terme sessions or generall goale-delivery. And if any person or persons committed as aforesaid upon his prayer or petition in open court the first weeke of the terme or first day of the sessions'of oyer and terminer or generall goale delivery to be brought to his tryall shall not be indicted and tryed the second terme sessions of oyer and terminer or generall goale delivery after his committment or upon his tryall shall be acquitted he shall be discharged from his imprisonment.

[Provided alwayes that nothing in this Act shall extend to discharge out of prison any person charged in debt or other action or with processe in any civill cause but that after he shall be discharged of his imprisonment for such his criminall offence he shall be kept in custodie according to law for such other suite.1]

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that if any person or persons subject of this realme shall be committed to [any2] prison or in custodie of any officer or officers whatsoever for any criminall or supposed criminall matter that the said person shall not be removed from the said prison and custody into the custody of any other officer or officers unlesse it be by habeas corpus or some other legall writt or where the prisoner is delivered to the constable or other inferiour officer to carry such prisoner to some common goale [or where any person is sent by order of any judge of assize or justice of the peace to any common worke-house or house of correction or where the prisoner is removed from one prison or place to another within the same county in order to his or her tryall or discharge in due

Unduly making oat, &c. warrant for removal;

penalty.

IX. Proviso for application for and granting habeas corpus in vacationtime.

course of law or in case of snddaine fire or infection or other necessity1] and if any person or persons shall after such committment aforesaid make out and signe or countersign any warrant or warrants for such removeall aforesaid contrary to this Act as well he that makes or signes or countendgnes such warrant or warrants as the officer or officers that obey or execute the same shall suffer and incurr the paines and forfeitures in this Act before-mentioned both for the first and second offence respectively to be recovered in manner aforesaid by the partie grieved.

Provided alsoe and bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that it shall and may be lawfull to and for any prisoner and prisoners as aforesaid to move and obtaine his or their habeas corpus as well out of the High Court of Chauncery or Court of Exchequer as out of the courts of Kings Bench or

A.I>. 167&.

Si Charles II. c. 2.

789

Common Pleas or either of them and if the said lord ch&uncellor or lord keeper or any judge or judges baron or barons for the time being of the degree of the coife of any of the courts aforesaid in the vacation time upon view of the copy or copies of the warrant or warrants of committment or detainer or upon oath made that such copy or (*) copyes were denyed as aforesaid shall deny any writt of habeas corpus by this Act required to be granted being moved for as aforesaid they shall severally forfeit© to the prisoner or partie grieved the summe of five hundred pounds to be reco\ ered in manner aforesaid.

And bee it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid that an habeas corpus according to the true intent and meaning of this Act may be directed and runn into any county palatine the cinque ports or other priviledged places within the kingdoms of England dominion of Wales or towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and the islands of Jersey or Guernsey any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for preventing illegall imprisonments in prisons beyond the seas bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that noe subject of this realme that now is or hereafter shall be an inhabitant or resiant of this kingdome of England dominion of Wales or towne of Berwicke upon Tweede shall or may be sent prisoner into Scotland Ireland Jersey Gaumsey Tangeir or into any parts garrisons islands or places beyond the seas which are or at any time hereafter [shall be8] within or without the dominions of his Majestie his heires or successors and that every such imprisonment is hereby enacted and adjudged to be illegall and that if any of the said subjects now is or hereafter shall bee soe imprisoned [every such person and persons soe imprisoned2] shall and may for every such imprisonment maintaine by vertue of this Act an action or actions of false imprisonment in any of his Majestyes courts of record against the person or persons by whome he or she shall be soe committed detained imprisoned sent prisoner or transported contrary to the true meaning of this Act and against all or any person or persons that shall frame contrive write seale or countersigne any warrant or writeing for such committment detainer imprisonment or transportation or shall be adviseing aiding or assisting in the same or any of them and the plaintiffe in every such action shall have judgement to recover his treble costs besides damages which damages soe to be given shall not be lesse then five hundred pounds in which action noe delay stay or stopp of proceeding by rule order or command nor noe injunction protection or priviiedge whatsoever nor any more then one imparlance shall be allowed [excepting such rule of the court wherein the action shall depend made in open court as shall bee thought in justice necessary for speciall cause to be expressed in the said rule *] and the person or persons who shall knowingly frame contrive write seale or countersigne any warrant for such committment detainer or transportation or shall soe committ detaine imprison or transport any person or persons contrary to this Act or be any wayes adviseing aiding or assisting therein being lawfully convicted thereof shall be disabled from thenceforth to bear© any office of trust or proffitt within the said realme of England dominion of Wales or towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or any of the islands territories or dominions thereunto belong-

Lord chancellor, &c. unduly denying writ;

penalty to party £500.

X.

Habeas corpus may be directed into counties palatine, Ac.

XI No subject to be sent prisoner into Scotland, &c. or any parts beyond the seas.

Persons so imprisoned may maintain action against the person committing or otherwise acting in respect thereof, as herein mentioned;

treble costs and damages;

and the person so committing or acting disabled from office, and incur premunire.

16 R. H. c. 5.

790

A.D. 1679.

31 Chables II. c. 2.

and be incapable of pardon.

XII. Proviso for contracts for transportation:

XIII. And for transportation of persons convicted of felony and praying to be transported.

XV. Proviso for sending persons to be tried in places where any capital offence committed.

xvr.

Limitation of .prosecution for offences against this Act

XVII. After assizes proclaimed, no. person to be removed from , common gaol upon habeas corpus, but brought before judge of assise.

XVUL After assizes persons detained may have habeas corpus.

XIX.

In informations, &c. brought for offence against this law;

general issue.

ing and shall incurr and sustain© the paines penalties and forfeitures limitted ordained and provided in the Statute of provision and premunire made in the sixteenth year© of King Richard the Second and be incapeable of any pardon from the King his heires or successors of the said forfeitures losses or disabilities or any of them.

[Provided alwayes that nothing in this Act shall extend to give benefitt to any person who shall by contract in writeing agree with any merchant or owner of any plantation or other person whatsoever to be transported to any parts beyond seas and receive earnest upon such agreement although that afterwards such person shall renounce suoh contract.2]

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted that if any person or persons lawfully convicted of any felony shall in open court pray to be transported beyond the seas and the court shall thinke fitt to leave him or them in prison for that purpose such person or persons may be transported into any parts beyond the seas this Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. #* « Provided also© that if any person or persons at any time resiant in this realme shall have committed any capital! offence in Scotland or Ireland or any of the islands or forreigne plantations of the King his heires or successors where he or she ought to be tryed for such offence such person or persons may be sent to such place there to receive such tryall in such manner as the same might have beene used .before the makeing of this Act any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted that noe person or persons shall be sued impleaded molested or troubled for aiiy offence against this Act unlesse the partie offending be sued or impleaded for the' same within two yeares at the most after such time wherein the offence shall be committed [in case the partie grieved shall not be then in prison and if he shall be in prison then within the space of two yeares 2] after the decease of the person imprisoned or his or her delivery out of prison which shall first happen.

And to the intent noe person may avoid his tryall at the assizes or generall goale-delivery by procureing bis removeall before the assizes at such time as he cannot be brought backe to receive his tryall there bee it enacted that after the assizes proclaimed for that county where the prisoner is detained noe person shall be removed from the common goale upon any habeas corpus granted in' pursuance of this Act but upon any such habeas corpus shall be brought before the judge of assize in open court who is thereupon to doe what to justice shall appertaine.

Provided nevertheless© that after the assizes are ended any person or persons detained may have his or her habeas corpus according to the direction and intention of this Act.

And bee it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that if any information suite or action shall be brought or exhibited against any person or persons for any offence committed or to be committed against the forme of this law it shall be lawfull for such defendants to pleade the generall issue that they are not guilty or that they owe nothing and to give such speciall matter in evidence to the jury that shall try the same which matter being pleaded hid

1 and by 0* 2 annexed to the original Act in a separate schedule.

St Charles II. c. 2.

791

beene good and sufficient matter in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendants against the said information suite or action and the said matter shall be then as availeable to him or them to all intents and purposes as if he or they had sufficiently pleaded sett forth or alledged the same matter in barr or discharge of such information suite or action.

And because many times persons charged with petty treason or felony or as accessaries thereunto are committed upon suspicion onely whereupon they are baileable or not according as the circumstances m&keing out that suspicion are more or lease weighty which are best knowne to the justices of peace that committed the persons and have the examinations before them or to other justices of the peace in the county Bee it therefore enacted .that where any person shall appeare to be committed by any judge or justice of the peace and charged as accessary before the fact to any petty treason or felony or upon suspicion thereof with suspicion of petty treason or felony which petty treason or felony shall be plainely and specially expressed in the warrant of committment that such person shall not be removed or bailed by vertue of this Act or in any other manner then they might have beene before the makeing of this Act*

XX. Proviso as to removal or bail of persons charged as accessories before the fact to petty treason or felony.

STATUTES OF KING JAMES THE SECOND.

1 JAMES II. AJD. 1685.

STATUTES HADE IN THE SESSION OF PABLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminsteb, on the Nineteenth Day of May,

In the FIBST Yeab of the Reign of K. JAMES the Second.

<£jr ftotttlo $arltammtt be anno regm $Ug& farcin, $rfmo.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Act for Reviveing and Continuance of severall Acts of Parlyament therein Rot. Parl.

mentioned. *"17

WHEREAS many good and wholesome lawes were made in the raigne of *' your Majestyes royall brother King Charles the Second of blessed memory as probationary laws which by experience have beene found very usefull and beneiiciall both for the service of the Crowne and good of the subjects of this your Majestyes realme which said Acts being made temporary . are most of them expired and others neare expireing Tour commons in this present Parlyament assembled takeing the same into their serious consideration doe must humbly beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted


And bee it enacted by the authorise aforesaid that one other Act made in the v-seventeenth years of his said late Majestyes raigne entitoled An Act for avoiding io 5' unnecessary suits and delayee and alsoe one other Act made in the two and twentyeth * 10 rT^|*in^'

by29Car.II. c.3. §24 (25). and which said Acts with the said clause are continued by 80 Car. II. st. 1. c. 6. All thesaidActs and clauses made perpetual. VI.

Administrators not compelled to account (except by an inventory) but at the instance of persons interested.

VII. Brother and sister of intestate to share equally with the mother.

and three and twentyeth yeares of his late Majestyes raigne entituled An Act for the better setleing intestates estates (which said latter Act is explained by a clause in one other Act made in the nine and twentyeth yeare of his said late Majestyes raigne entituled An Act for prevention of frauds and peijuries) both which said Acts with the said clause are continued by one other Act made in the thirtyeth yeare of his said late Majestyes raigne entituled An Act for reviveing both the^said former Acts all which said Acts and clauses shall be in force and is hereby made perpetuall. {Rep., Stat. Law Rev. Act, 1863.]

Provided alwayes and it is hereby farther enacted that noe administrator shall from the from the foure and twentieth day of July next be cited to any the courts in [the T] last Act mentioned to render an account of the personall estate of his intestate (otherwise then by an inventory or inventoryes thereof) unlesse it be at the instance and prosecution of some person or persons in behalfe of a minor or haveing a demand out of such personall estate as a creditor or next of kin, nor be compellable to accompt before any the ordinaryes or judges by the said last Act impowered and appointed to take the same otherwise then as is aforesaid any thing in the said last Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and it is further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that if after the death of a father any of his children shall dye intestate without wife or children in the life-time of the mother every brother and sister and the representatives of them shall have an equall share with her any thing in the last mentioned Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 the said 0<

---

End of the First Volume.

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1870.

