THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

PASSED IN THE

FIFTY-EIGHTH AND FIFTY-NINTH YEARS AND IN THE FIFTY-NINTH YEAR OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY QUEEN VICTORIA;

BEING THE

FOURTH SESSION OF THE TWENTY-FIFTH PARLIAMENT AND THE FIRST SESSION OF THE TWENTY-SIXTH PARLIAMENT

OF THE

UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND;

WITH AN INDEX, AND TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECTS OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION ON THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS;

ALSO THE TITLES OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS ARRANGED CONSECUTIVELY AND IN CLASSES.

Published by Authority.

LONDON:

PRINTED FOR HER MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE,

BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER.

And to be purchased, either directly or through any Bookseller, from EYRE And SPOTTISWOODE, East Harding Street, Fleet Street, E.C.; or JOHN MENZIES & Co., 12, Hanover Street, Edinburgh, and 90, West Nile Street, Glasgow; or HODGES, FIGGIS, & Co., Limited, 104, Grafton Street, Dublin.

Price Three Shillings.

CONTENTS.

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

II. Table of the Titles of the Public Acts of a Local Character passed during the Session Which are placed amongst the Local Acts - vii

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

III. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session - 143

IV. Table showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation on Public General Acts - 161

V. Table of the Local and Private Acts Arranged in Classes - 163

VI. Index to the Public General Acts - 170

TABLE I.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Fourth Session of the Twenty-Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

58 & 59 VICTORIA. A.D. 1895.

1. AN Act to amend and explain the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894. (Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, Amendment.) 1

2. An Act to provide for the supply of Seed Potatoes to Occupiers and Cultivators of Land in Ireland. (Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland).) 1

3. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Australian Colonies. (Australian Colonies Duties.) 6

4. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).) 7

5. An Act to amend the Shop Hours Act, 1892. (Shop Hours.) 8

6. An Act to amend the Convention of Royal Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1879. (Convention of Royal Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1879, Amendment.) 8

7. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).) 9

8. An Act to amend the Grand Jury (Ireland) Laws. (Grand Jury (Ireland).) 12

9. An Act to apply the Documentary Evidence Acts to the Board of Agriculture. (Documentary Evidence.) 13

10. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity upon the Right Honourable Arthur Wellesley Peel in consideration of his eminent services. (Mr. Speaker's Retirement.) 13

11. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Taxation of Costs under the Lands Clauses Acts. (Lands Clauses (Taxation of Costs).) 14

12. An Act to make provision for the temporary absence of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District. (Metropolitan Polios (Receiver).) 15

13. An Act to amend the Cruelty to Animals (Scotland) Act, 1850. (Cruelty to Animals (Scotland).) 15

14. An Act to provide for the Regulation of Foes payable in the Courts of Law in Scotland. (Courts of Law Fees (Scotland).) 16

15. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).) 17

16. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make provision for the financial arrangements of the year. (Finance.) 18

17. An Act for enabling Children to be sent from the Channel Islands to Reformatory or Industrial Schools in Great Britain. (Reformatory and Industrial Schools (Channel Islands Children).) 23

18. An Act to amend the Post Office Act, 1891. (Post Office Amendment.) 24

19. An Act to make provision in regard to the Consignation of Money in the Court of Session in Scotland; and for other purposes. (Court of Session Consignations (Scotland).) 24

20. An Act to amend the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883. (Tramways (Ireland).) 29

21. An Act to provide for prohibiting the Catching of Seals at certain periods in Behring Sea and other parts of the Pacific Ocean adjacent to Behring Sea, and for regulating the Seal Fisheries in these Seas. (Seal Fisheries (North Pacific).) 31

22. An Act to make temporary provision for the Relief of Distress in Ireland. (Out-door Relief (Ireland).) 33

23. An Act to amend the Law as to the calling out of Volunteers for actual Military Service. (Volunteer.) 34

24. An Act to amend the Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1888. (Law of Distress Amendment.) 35

25. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Costs allowed to Mortgagees. (Mortgagees Legal Costs) 36

26. An Act to amend the Law relating to Friendly Societies. (Friendly Societies.) 37

27. An Act to extend and amend the provisions of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, so far as they relate to Market Gardens. (Market Gardeners' Compensation.) 42

28. An Act to prohibit the giving False Alarms of Fires. (False Alarms of Fire.) 43

29. An Act to amend the Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1891, by providing the right of appeal in certain cases. (Fisheries Close Season (Ireland).) 44

30. An Act to amend the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. (Industrial and Provident Societies (Amendment).) 45

31. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.) 46

32. An Act to amend the Local Government Act, 1894, so far as regards the transfer of any stock, share, or security standing in the name of, or dividends payable to, a local authority. (local Government (Stock Transfer).) 62

33. An Act to amend the Extradiction Acts, 1870 and 1873, so far as respects the Magistrates by whom and the Place in which the Case may be heard and the Criminal held in Custody. (Extradition.) 63

34. An Act to provide in certain cases for the Alteration of the Boundaries of Colonies. (Colonial Boundaries.) 64

35. An Act to make provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for tpurpose of the Royal Navy, and to amend the Law relating to the Acquisition of Land for Naval Purposes. (Naval Works.) 65

36. An Act to make provision for Public Inquiry in regard to Fatal Accidents occurring in Industrial Employments or Occupations in Scotland. (Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland).) 67

37. An Act to amend and extend the Law relating to Factories and Workshops. (Factory and Workshop.) 72

38. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).) 91

39. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Summary Jurisdiction of Magistrates in reference to Married Women. (Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women).) 94

40. An Act to amend the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. (Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention.) 96

41. An Act to amend the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts. (Lands Valuation (Scotland) Amendment.) 97

42. An Act for the better Regulation of Scottish Sea Fisheries. (Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland).) 99

43. An Act to amend the Naturalization Act, 1870, so far as respects Children of Naturalized British Subjects in the Service of the Crown resident out of the United Kingdom. (Naturalization.) 111

44. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Judicial Committees of Her Majesty's Privy Council. (Judicial Committee Amendment.) 111

TABLE 1A.

A

TABLE

of

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the First Session of the Twenty-Sixth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

59 VICTORIA. AD. 1895, Session 2.

1. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.) 115

2. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain Local Loans and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.) 119

3. An Act for removing doubts as to the Validity of an Act passed by the Parliament of the Dominion of Canada respecting the Deputy-Speaker of the Senate. (Canadian Speaker (Appointment of Deputy).) 124

4. An Act to re-enact section thirteen of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act 1891. (Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment.) 125

5. An Act to provide for the Acquisition of a Site for Public Offices in Westminster and for purposes connected therewith. (Public Offices (Acquisition of Site).) 125

6. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.) 126

[Two Partial tables of acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

---

Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to amend and explain the XiOCal Government - (Scotland) Act, 1894. [14th March 1895.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to amend the Local Government

I, (Scotland) Act, 1894, and to remove doubts which have 57 & 58 Vict. arisen as to the construction of the said Act: ' *58-

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent .of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, , in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority, of the same, as follows:$

l*s Thisj Acts,may be ;cited as the Local Government (Scotland) Short title. Act, 1894, Amendment Acfyl895:

. 2. Whereas doubts have arisen with regard to the construction Polling place of slfifcsection (4) of section fifty-six of the Local Government fo^a^th (Scotland) Act, 1894, it is hereby enacted that, where any parish ^qUit^dto has been divided into wards for the purpose of the. election of a be within parish council, it shall not be necessary that the polling place at ^re^*vict th^v first, or afiy other election of parish councillors for any Such 5g. ' ward shall be situated within the ward.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to provide for the Supply of Seed Potatoes to Occupiers and Cultivators of Laud in Ireland.

[14th March 18§5.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with; the- advice and consent of the; Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons; in this; present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

v A?.-This Act may be cited as the Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Short title, let, 1895.

% The. Guardiahs of any poor law union may apply' to the Powers of Local Government Board for a loan under this Act for the use of to

any electoral divisidnof, their union, and if they satisfy the local 0 10 Government. Board that the; occupiers Of land in that division are a r - A

2

Ch. 2.

Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Act, 1895. 58 Vict.

generally unable, through poverty and the extent of the failure of the potato crop, to procure an adequate supply of seed potatoes, the Local Government Board may approve of the application, and in that case shall transmit it to the Board of Works, who may, with the consent of the Treasury, make, out of any moneys at their disposal for the purpose of local loans, a loan to such Board of Guardians, on the security of the poor rate, leviable in the said electoral division, and without requiring any further or other security.

Terms of loan. 3. — (i.) Such loan shall be repayable by the Guardians to the

Board of Works by two equal instalments, the first of which shall be paid on the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, and the second on the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven.

(2.) The interest on such loan or on so much as is for the time being not repaid shall be at the lowest rate fixed by the Treasury for interest on local loans in Ireland, and shall be paid by Oqual half-yearly payments to the Board of Works out of the Irish Church Temporalities Fund.

(3.) When any such loan is made for the benefit of any electoral division, all poor rates leviable in the division shall become forthwith charged, without any deed of mortgage or other instrument, with the repayment by the said instalments of the loan.

4. If at any time the Board of Works certify that any sum is payable to them by the Guardians of any union On account of any loan under this Act for the benefit of an electoral division, the Local Government Board shall, by order under their seal, assess that sum oil the electoral division, and shall send copies of the order to the- Guardians and to the treasurer of the Union; and thereupon the treasurer of the union shall, out of any money then in his hands to the credit of the Guardians, or if such money is insufficient, then out of all moneys subsequently received by him on account of the Guardians, pay the amount mentioned in the order to the Board of Works. The Guardians shall debit the electoral division with the amount so assessed.

Application of 5. — (1.) Where the Guardians obtain a loan under . this Act for

loans. the benefit of any electoral division, they may apply the whole or

any part thereof in purchasing seed potatoes, and in defraying all expenses incurred for carriage, storage, j or otherwise in providing the same for sale, and shall, when required by the Local Government Board, repay to the Board of Works any portion of the loan which is not so applied.

(2.) The Guardians shall sell sudh .seed subject to the following provisions: —

(a.) Seed shall not be sold to any occupier of land the rateable value of which exceeds fifteen pounds, nor for less than the net price paid by the guardians for it, including all expenses incurred for carriage, storage, or otherwise in providing such seed for sale \

Oraers for payment of loans may be made by Local Government Board.

1895;

Seed Potatoes Sv/pply (Ireland) Act, 1895,

Ch. 2.

(b.) The Guardians may sell to any such occupier of land a quantity of seed potatoes not exceeding twelve hundredweight:$

(c.) They may sell to any person, who cultivates for his own use any land under a contract made by him with the occupier of the land for the purpose of growing potatoes, seed potatoes not exceeding six hundredweight: Provided that upon any such sale the Guardians shall obtain such security as they may think sufficient for the payment of the price of the seed sold:

(d.) Seed shall not be sold to any person unless the Guardians, or such persons as the Local Government Board may nominate in that behalf, are satisfied that the land into which it is to be put has been properly prepared, and is ready for sowing:

(e.) An abatement of one-fifth shall be made in the price of all seed which is paid for in Cash; and any loss thereby occasioned shall be charged on and paid out of the Irish Church Temporalities Fund:

(/.) All sums received for seed paid for in cash shall be paid by the Guardians to the Board of Works at the prescribed times, and shall be applied in repayment of the loan with which the seed was bought.

6. — (1.) The amount due to the Guardians on account of any Recovery of shed sold shall be paid by two equal instalments. price from

(2.) For obtaining payment of each such instalment due from any pur person the Guardians shall levy the amount, where the person is rated to the poor rate, either as part of the poor rate payable by such person, or by a special rath to' be added to the' poor rate assessed on the tenements occupied by such person, and to be collected therewith.

(3.) Where such person is not rated to the poor rate the Guardians shall make a special rate for the1 purposes of this Act in which he shall be rated.

(4.) Every such special rate shall be recoverable in the same manner and with the same remedies by the collectors of the poor rate as if it were poor rate, and shall be lodged to the credit of the Guardians with the treasurer of the union, and shall be transmitted by the Guardians at their next meeting to the Board of Works.

(5.) Provided that no person shall be entitled to make any deduction from his rent on account of any such special rate.

(6.) The first of such special rates shall be made by the Guardians at the same time as the first ordinary poor rate made after the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, and the second of such special rates shall be made by the Guardians at the same time as the first ordinary poor rate made after the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

The first instalment payable by each purchaser of seed shall be due on the day on Which the first of such special rates is made, and the second instalment shall be due on the day on which the second of such Special' rate's is made. Any such instalment may be paid to the Board of Guardians at any earlier date.

A %

4

Ch. 2.

Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Act, 1895. 58 VICT*

Power to ie 7. The Lord Lieutenant, with the consent of the Treasury, may, postpone on the application of any Guardians made through the Local

ins ent‘ Government Board, postpone the payment of any instalment due

from or to the Guardians under this Act to any day not later than the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine; and the time of making the special rates for the purpose of obtaining payment of any instalment so postponed shall be postponed "for a corresponding period; and the postponed instalment shall become due on the day on which such postponed special rate is made.

Power of entry 8. — (1.) The Lord Lieutenant, on the application of the Local

and inspection. Government Board, may, with the consent of the Treasury, appoint inspectors to assist the Guardians in the purchase of seed potatoes under this Act, and in all arrangements for the inspection, storage, and distribution of the same, and those inspectors shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament such remuneration as the Lord Lieutenant with the approval of the Treasury may direct.

(2.) All purchases by the Guardians of seed potatoes under this Act shall be made subject to the approval of the Local Government Board.

(3.) Any member of the Board of Guardians of the union, or any person nominated by the Guardians, or any inspector appointed . under this Act, may at all reasonable times enter into and examine any land occupied or tilled by a purchaser of seed under this Act from such Guardians, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the seed has been properly sown, and may do all acts reasonably necessary for that purpose.

(4.) For the purpose of facilitating such examination the Guardians shall keep a list of the names and addresses of all purchasers of seed, and shall permit such list to be inspected by any person having authority to enter and examine under this Act.

(5.) If any person refuses to a Guardian or other person acting in execution of the powers conferred by this section admission to any land which such Guardian or person is entitled to enter or examine, or obstructs or impedes him in so entering or examining, the person so offending shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

Summary 9. If any purchaser of seed from Guardians under this Act does

recoverjn&f^ not properly sow such seed, the Guardians may forthwith recover pnce o see prjce of such geed, whether the amount is more or less than

two pounds, before the justices in petty sessions, in the manner prescribed by the Act of the session of the twenty-second year of 22 Vict. c. 14. the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fourteen, and any Acts amending it; and the provisions of such Acts shall apply as if the amount was under two pounds.

Buies and 10. The Local Government Board may make general rules and regulations. regulations as regards, —

(a) the times and manner of summoning and holding meetings of Guardians for the purposes of this Act:

(b) the time within which applications are to be made under this Act:

1895.

Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Act, 1895.

Ch. 2.

5

(c) the information to be given by Guardians to the Local Government Board in respect of the persons in the several electoral divisions in the unions who are in need of, but are unable to procure, seed potatoes, and who the Guardians believe would be willing to purchase the same under this Act:

(d) the forms of all estimates, circulars, notices, and receipts to be used by the Guardians under this Act:

(e) the times at which sums received by Guardians as the price of seed paid for in cash are to be paid to the Board of Works:

(/) any other matter or thing, whether similar or not to those before mentioned, in respect of which it may seem to the Local Government Board expedient to make rules and regulations for the purpose of carrying this Act into effect.

11. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect any pro- Savings, ceedings which might have been instituted by the Board of Works

or by any Guardians for the enforcement of any contract or the recovery of any debt.

(2.) No electoral disability or loss of parliamentary of other franchise shall be incurred by any voter by reason of the purchase of seed under this Act.

12. If at any time within three months before the passing of this Repayment of Act the Board of Works have advanced money to any Guardians for g^rdof*6 by the purchase of seed, the sum so advanced, or any part thereof Works, remaining unpaid, shall be a charge upon the rates leviable on such

electoral divisions in the union as the Local Government Board , appoint; and such sum or part shall be repaid in the same manner as sums lent by the Board of Works to Guardians under the authority of this Act, and the provisions of this Act relative to the repayment of loans made under the authority of this Act shall apply to such loans made before the passing of this Act.

13. If at any time within three months before the passing of this Confirmation of Act any outlay has been made by any Guardians, with the sanction

of the Local Government Board, for the purchase of seed for sale to indemnity.' occupiers of land or other persons qualified to purchase such seed under this Act in the union, such outlay, and all resolutions and proceedings of the board and of their officers in relation thereto, shall be ratified and confirmed and be as valid and effectual as if the outlay had been made, and the resolutions and proceedings had been passed and taken, under the authority and in compliance with the provisions of this Act; and all persons who have acted in any manner in making any loan to any Guardians, or in making any advance of money to the Board of Works for the purpose of any such loan, or in making such outlay for seed, shall be released and indemnified from and against any penalties and surcharges in consequence thereof.

14. In this Act — Definitions.

The expression " poor rate " means any rate leviable under the

Acts made for the relief of the poor in Ireland:$

The expression " rateable value " means the annual rateable value under the Irish Valuation Acts, and, where any land occupied

6

Ch 2, 3. Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Act, 1895. 58 Vict,

44 & 45 Vict. c. 71.

Repeal of enactments.

Short title.

is not separately valued under those, Acts, paeans such value as the Guardians of the union determine would be the rateable value if such premises were so separately valued:$

The expression "Local Government Board" means the Local Government Board for Ireland:$

The expression " Board of Works " means the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland:

The expression " Guardians " means a Board of Guardians:$

The expression " Irish Church Temporalities Fund " means the fund under the control of the Land Commission by virtue of the Irish Church Act Amendment Act, 1881:

The expression " prescribed " means prescribed by rules made in pursuance of this Act.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Australian Colonies. [28th March 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. The enactments specified in the schedule to this Act, being enactments restricting the powers of the Legislatures of the Australian Colonies in respect of the imposition of Customs duties, are hereby repealed.

2. This Act may be cited as the Australian Colonies Duties Act,

1895.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed,

Session and Chapter. Title or Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

13 & 14 Vict. o. 59. An Act for the better government of Her Majesty's Australian Colonies. Section twenty-seven, from " Provided al-, way 8 " to the end of the section.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 22. The Australian Colonies Duties Act, 1873. Section three, from " Provided always * to " any other country,"^ n]_

VVWVAAA^AAAAX^yVVVVyWVVi

1895. , Consolidated Fynd (No, 1) Act, 1895, Ch. 4.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

[28th March 1895.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards CoB^Udated making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of service of the the years ending on the. thirty-first day of March one thousand lut Mareh ism eight hundred and ninety-four, and one. thousand eight hundred and 1895-and ninety-five, the sum of five hundred and fifty-one thousand nine hundred and nine pounds nine shillings and twopence.

Issue of

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the 10,136,600/. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of Fund for the the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight service of $hg hundred and ninety-six the sum of ten million pne hundred and thirty-six thousand six hundred pounds. 1896,

3. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of Power to the England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said to

sums any sum, or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of ten million six hundred and eighty-eight thousand five hundred and nine pounds nine shillings and twopence, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, Short title. 1895,

CS. 5, 6.

Shop Hours Act, 1895.

58 Vict.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend the Shop Hours Act, 1892.

[9th April 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

Penalty on 1. If any employer fails to keep exhibited the notice required canTlt0 'th ky section four of the Shop Hours Act, 1892, in manner required TiT& Isviet. by that section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty c. 62. s. 4. shillings.

Short title 2. This Act may be cited as the Shop Hours Act, 1895, and shall

and con- be construed as part of the Shop Hours Act, 1892, and the Shop struction. Hours Acts, 1892 and 1893, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Shop Hours Acts, 1892 to 1895.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to amend the Convention of Royal Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1879. [9th April 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Construction 1. This Act shall be read as one with the Convention of Royal of Act. Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1879.

Amendment of 2. Sections two and three of the Convention of Royal Burghs of 27.^* ' *Ct (Scotland) Act, 1879, shall be read as if the words " or police " were inserted after the word " parliamentary," and the words " or burgh commissioners " after the words " town council " in each place where those words occur.

Definition. 3. The expression " police burgh " shall mean a populous place, the boundaries of which shall have been fixed under the General 55 & 56 Vict. Police Acts, as defined in the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892* or under any Local Police Act; or under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or under any Act amending the same.

4. This Act may be cited as the Convention of Royal Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1879, Amendment Act, 1895.

r

Short title.

1895.

Ch. 7.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. [9th April 1895.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Grown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and fifty-five thousand four hundred and three men, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, of subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, of in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:$

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand 44 & 45 Vict. eight hundred and ninety-five on the following days:$

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and (b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and (c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:$

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

JO Ch, 7- J.rmy (Anniml) Act, lSQ5. 58 Vict.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of' the same, as follow's: —

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the-Army (Annual) Act, 1895.

AT&4Ct Vict — Cw The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the 0^58.) to be'0 periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise in force for provided by Parliament; that is to say,

time^ed (<x.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the

Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, both inclusive; and

(6.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, both inclusive; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, both inclusive;

and the day from which the Army Act is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject /to military law, whether, within or without Her Majesty's dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

Prices in 3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for

bluett* of the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the schedule to this Act.

Amendments of Army Act.

Amendment of 4. To section one hundred and thirty-six of the Army Act shall 44 * 45 be added the words " or by any law passed by the Governor-

C. DO. P. 13o as .i /n i n t i /~4 ' >i n /

to deductions. General ot India in Council.

Re&a]°vict ®ec^on one hundred and fifty-one of the Army Act shall be

c. 58. s. 151. repealed.

action one hundred and sixty-three, sub-section (1), c. 58. b. 163 as paragraph (c) of the Army Act, after the words " Queen's regu-to proof of lations shall be. inserted the words "or regulations referred to m£X d°CU' " in secti.0Q one hundred and forty-two of this Act," and after the word " circulars " in each place where it occurs shall be inserted the words " or orders."

1895.

Army (Annual) Act, 1895.

Ch. 7.

U

7. — (1.) In section one hundred and eighty, sub-section (2) (c), Amendment of of the Army Act for the words "Governor of any presidency in 44 & 45 vict-India ", shall be substituted the words " Governor-General of °0 j®'d?an180 as India," and the words " within such presidency | shall be forces, omitted.

(2.) In paragraph (d) of the same sub-section for the words following " entitled ", shall be substituted the following words " may " complain to the officer appointed in that behalf by the Com-f mander-in-Chief of the forces in India with the approval of " the Governor-General, and that officer shall cause his complaint " to be inquired into, and thereupon report to the Governor- General in order to receive the further directions of the Governor- General."

(3.) In paragraph (/) of the same sub-section, for the words " The Governor of any of the presidencies in India " shall be substituted the words "The Governor-General of India," and the words " who is serving in or belonging to such presidency " shall be omitted.

8. In section eighty-three, sub-section (6), and section one Amendment of hundred and ninety, sub-section (15) of the Army Act, for the words 445* 4® Vict.

" army hospital corps "shall be substituted the words "medical 190 as to ' staff corps." definition of

corps.

9. In section one hundred and ninety, sub-section (8) of the Amendment of

Army Act, the word " Fencible 8 shall be omitted. 44 & 45 Vict.

n c. 58. s. 190 as to description of Royal Malta Artillery.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished, Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. One shilling and threepence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified - » ' . One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils -for dressing and eating his meat. Pourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer « ' J Two shillings per night!

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

1?

Ch. 8,

Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1895,

58 Vict.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to amend the Grand Jury (Ireland) Laws.

[14th May 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. — (1.) Where, at the time of the holding of the presentment sessions at which application for payment for the execution of any work of maintenance under the Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1836, and any Act amending the same is made, the county surveyor is unable, by reason of the time for completing such work not having expired, to furnish a certificate that such work has been completed, it shall be sufficient for any contractor for such work, and he is hereby required, to produce to the presentment sessions and to the grand jury at the next ensuing assizes respectively the certificates herein-after mentioned,

(2.) It shall be lawful for the presentment sessions to allow an application for payment on the part of any such contractor for such sum as he would be entitled to under the terms of his contract at or before the next ensuing assizes, on the production of a certificate from the county surveyor of the due execution of the work up to a period of seven days before the date of the holding of such presentment sessions, which certificate the county surveyor is hereby empowered to give: Provided always, that no grand jury at the said ensuing assizes shall allow any such application unless a certificate from the county surveyor be produced to it of the due execution up to the said ensuing assizes of the work according to the terms of the contract, which said further certificate the said county surveyor is hereby empowered to give.

Conditions as 2. No application for payment as aforesaid which, before the to payment. passing of this Act, was allowed by the presentment sessions shall be disallowed by reason only that the certificate on which such allowance was made was prerqature,.but before allowing any such application it shall be the duty of the grand jury io ascertain from the county surveyor whether in the interval between the presentment sessions and the assizes the contractor has duly performed his work according to the terms of his contract.

Half-yearly 3, Every contract entered into under the Grand Jury (Ireland) payments. Act, 1836, and any Act amending the same for maintenance works shall imply a term for half-yearly payments, unless the contrary be therein expressly declared.

4. This Act may be cited as the Grand Jury (Ireland) Act, 1895. . v '

Certificate of completion of contract to be famished to grand jury.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 116.

Short title.

1895.

Documentary Evidence Act, 1895.

Ch. 9, 10.

13

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to apply the Documentary Evidence Acts to the Board of Agriculture. [14th May 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as amended by the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall apply to the Board of Agriculture in like manner as if that Board were mentioned in the first column of the schedule to the first-mentioned Act, and the President or any member of the Board, or the Secretary of the Board, or any person authorised by the President to act on behalf of the Secretary of the Board, were mentioned in the second column of that schedule, and as if the regulations referred to in those Acts included any document issued by the Board.

2. This Act may be cited as the Documentary Evidence Act, 1895, and the Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, and the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Documentary Evidence Acts, 1868 to 1895.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity upon the Bight Honourable Arthur Wellesley Peel in consideration of his eminent Services. [14th May 1895.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland did, by an humble address to Your Majesty, pray Your Majesty that you would be graciously pleased to confer some signal mark of your royal favour upon the Right Honourable Arthur Wellesley Peel, Speaker of the House of Commons, for his eminent services during the important period in which he had with such distinguished ability and dignity presided in the Chair of the House, and did assure Your Majesty that whatever expense Your Majesty should think proper to be incurred upon that account the said House would make good the same:

And whereas Your Majesty in answer to the said address was graciously pleased to declare that Your Majesty was desirous, in compliance with the wishes of your faithful Commons, to confer upon the said Right Honourable Arthur Wellesley Peel some signal mark of your royal favour, but as the same could not be effectually granted and secured without the concurrence of Parliament, Your Majesty recommended to the House of Commons the adoption of such measures as might be necessary for the accomplishment of that purpose:$

Application of Documentary Evidence Acts to Board of Agriculture. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 37.

45 & 46 Vict. C. 9.:$

Short title.

58 Vief.

14

Annoitj of 4,00o/i to be paid to the Bight Honourable Arthur Wellesley Peel.

Treasury to direct pay* ment of annuity.

Short title.

Pees fof taxing costs in compensation inquiries and arbitrations. 8 & 9 Vict.

C.18.

Ch. 10. Act, i8^5.l

Now we, Your Majesty's, most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingclom of Great Britain and Ireland, in, Parliament, assembled, have'1 resolved that the annual sum of. fpnr; thousand , founds be granted to Y<mr I Majesty out ,q£ %he Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, to begin upon the day upon which the Bight Honourable Arthur Wellesley Peel, late Speaker of the House of Commons* ceased to hold the officeSf Speaker of -'the* House of Commons,- to. be^settled in the most' beneficial manner upon, and to continue during the life''of, him - the said Eight Honourable Arthur Wellesley Peel, and do, most humjbiy beseech Your Majesty that,' it may be enacted, and be‘.it enacted, by the Queen's most .Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

1. One annuity of four thousand pounds shall be charged upon and payable quarterly put of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, to the Bight Honourable . Arthur Wellesley. Peel, during his natural lijfe, beginning on the day upon which he ceased to Hold, .the Office of Speaker of the House, of Commons provided1 that "one half 6T the annuity bhall abate and be suspended .diiring' any. period that the said Bight Honourable Arthur Welfesley Peel ' hereafter' holds aiiy place, office," or employment under Her Majesty of equal or greater amount in salary, profits, or emolument than the amount of the annuity.

2. The Treasury are hqimby,auttmrised.and required by warrants under their hands to direct * the1 payment of the said annuity according to .ttye provisions of tjiis, Act.

3. This Act may be cited as Mr.' Speaker's Retirement Act, 1895,

i t v 1 ill

CHAPTER S

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Taxation of Costs under the Lands Clauses Acts*

[ldth May 1805.]

BE it enacted, |>y the Queen's4 ,mpst , Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords .Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by, the authority ,of the same, an follows

1, — *(1.) Where under the Clauses' Consolidation'/Act,

1845, br any Act incorporating the saline, aiiy qd^stion of 'disputed compensation is detferminbd^ - by -'tile 'Verdict -df: at-' jti^yi: 'bri" by arbitration, the costs of and incidental to the inquiry or to- the arbitration and award (as the ca&etnay beV, shall,‘if .either party so requires, be taxed arid .settled as between the parties1 by pne of the masters of the Supreme CouH, and such feds shall be taken in respect of the taxation as may be fixeddir pih'suance df - the bna'ct*

u

1605. Lands (flames (taxation of CdHs) Act', 1895. Oh. ll, 1$, 13.

merits relating to the fees to be taken* in the Offices of those masters; and all those enactments (including the enactments relating to the taking of fees by means df stamps) shall extend to the fbesin respect of siifch taxation.

, (2.) Section forty-five o$ the Regulation of Railways Act, 18,68, ®l *932 V‘ct' and section one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1869, are & 33 Vict. hereby repealed. | ... . i.(U> a is.

2. This Act maybe cited as the Lands Clauses (Taxation of short tide. Costs) Act, 1896.

CHAPTER 12,

An Act to make provision! for the temporary absence of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District.

[14th May 1895.]

BE'it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and-' bonSent of the 'Ldrds Spiritual and Temporal, and' CihmnOnty in'>this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of1 the same, aS follows s«i

1. If and 'whilst the receiver!' for*!the 'metropolitan police'district Power to is temporarily absent frdid His1 duties a pfersbii appointed by W&rrant under the hand of the Secretary of Stete ' ihay' teifipbrarily'act as absence of and shdlKbh deemed- for all purposes to be stich reSeiVefc;' *' receiver.

1 This Act may be cited as the ^Mejbropblitau Pphce^Receiver) Short title. Act, .1895, and shall be read With the Metropolitan Police Acts,

1829 to 1890.'

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Cruelty to Animals (Scotland) A%t,

1850.; !l; -f80th May 1895.]

WHEREAS;it is expedient to amend the Cruelty to Animals (Scotland) Act, 1850.

Be1 it enabted fey the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the'advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commonsj in this present i Parliament ^assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.. This Acfe'may be1 cited as fthe Cruelty to- Animals (Scotland) short titl& Act,. 1895, and*;it'shall be read and construed along with the i3&i4Vwfc Gruelty to 1 Animals (Scotland) Act j 1)860] aad3 to -»d> 1 t> c*92-

2. TKW'definition cd 'the Word' " animal " ftx tf&cbidh el6Ven 6f th'd Extension of rented Act1 shall beuamended by aadifig at 'the' end thereof the definition of words "or any game-bi*‘'fightikig' dock,'dr dtHer dbmfe^c^fdWl' or Wani,BBl*" bird)"/ and every person who shall in' any mankier encourage, aid, or a&sist at any 'cock fight] Whether in a'place kept for that purpose or otherwise, shall be guilty of au offence under the said Act.

58 Vict,

(3h. 14. Courts of Law Fees (Scotland) Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to provide for the Regulation of Pees payable in the Courts of Law in Scotland. [30th May 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title and 1. This Act may be cited as the Courts of Law Fees (Scotland) extent. Act, 1895, and shall apply to Scotland only.

Power of Court 2. From and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for

and ttmrtof Lords Commissioners of the High Court of Justiciary as to that Session to Court, and for the Lords of Council and Session as to the Court of

regulate fees. Session and Sheriff Courts, with the approval, in each case, of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to make by Act of Adjournal, or Act of Sederunt, respectively, such rules and regulations as may, in their judgment, from time to time be necessary for carrying out the following purposes, viz.: —

(a.) To alter or otherwise regulate the amount of any fees for the time being payable in any of the above-named Courts of Law, or in any office connected therewith, or to the officers thereof, and to prepare or approve of amended tables of fees in place of the fees now payable:$

(6.) To frame regulations as to the time and place of payment of the said fees, and to prescribe forms of books to be kept in any office in which such fees are payable.

Provided always, that when, under any Act of Parliament, it is enacted that the fees to be drawn from any office or department shall not be greater than may be reasonably sufficient for defraying the expenses of such office or department, such provision shall receive effect in any regulation of fees under this Act.

Taxation of 3. All accounts of expenses found due in the High Court of in Justiciary, or in any inferior Court whose judgment has been Justiciary. brought under the review of the High Court of Justiciary, by suspension or appeal, or otherwise, unless the amount of the expenses found due shall have been determined or modified by the said High Court, shall be remitted to the auditor of the Court of Session to be examined and taxed in like manner, and subject to the same regulations, as accounts of expenses in actions in the Court of Session.

to^cep6raate be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's

Londoa^and Treasury, by warrant under their hands, to regulate, alter, and Gazettes for amend the table of fees payable to the keepers of the London w'&aovict'TTO ^aze^e> aQd of the Edinburgh Gazette, for notices under the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856; and section one hundred and eighty-three of the said Act is hereby repealed.

5. All Acts of Parliament or Acts of Sederunt, in so far as inconsistent with the provisions of this Act, are hereby repealed.

Repeal.

1895.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1895.

Ch. 15.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

[30th May 1895.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the Issue of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards °Ut

making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of goiidated Fund the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight for the service hundred and ninety-six, the sum of seven million eight hundred endfo^ist and fifty-five thousand two hundred and sixty-eight pounds. March 1896.

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank Power to the

of England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said Treasury to o v _ # v borrow

sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven million eight hundred and fifty-five thousand two hundred and sixty-eight pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Short title.

Act, 1895.

B

58 Viol,

(Jh. 14. Courts of haw Fees (Scotland) Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to provide for the Regulation of Rees payable in the Courts of Law in Scotland. [30th May 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title and 1. This Act may be cited as the Courts of Law Fees (Scotland) extent. Act, 1895, and shall apply to Scotland only.

Power of Court 2. From and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for

and "courtrof hords Commissioners of the High Court of Justiciary as to that Session to Court, and for the Lords of Council and Session as to the Court of regulate fees. Session and Sheriff Courts, with the approval, in each case, of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to make by Act of Adjournal, or Act of Sederunt, respectively, such rules and regulations as may, in their judgment, from time to time be necessary for carrying out the following purposes, viz.: —

(a.) To alter or otherwise regulate the amount of any fees for the time being payable in any of the above-named Courts of Law, or in any office connected therewith, or to the officers thereof, and to prepare or approve of amended tables of fees in place of the fees now payable:$

(6.) To frame regulations as to the time and place of payment of the said fees, and to prescribe forms of books to be kept in any office in which such fees are payable.

Provided always, that when, under any Act of Parliament, it is enacted that the fees to be drawn from any office or department shall not be greater than may be reasonably sufficient for defraying the expenses of such office or department, such provision shall receive effect in any regulation of fees under this Act.

Taxation of 3. All accounts of expenses found due in the High Court of Courtofin Justiciary, or in any inferior Court whose judgment has been Justiciary. brought under the review of the High Court of Justiciary, by suspension or appeal, or otherwise, unless the amount of the expenses found due shall have been determined or modified by the said High Court, shall be remitted to the auditor of the Court of Session to be examined and taxed in like manner, and subject to the same regulations, as accounts of expenses in actions in the Court of Session.

Vowcrtor^uiato 4. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's of London and Treasury, by warrant under their hands, to regulate, alter, and Gazettesfor amend the table of fees payable to the keepers of the London ^aze^e> and of the Edinburgh Gazette, for notices under the ' Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856; and section one hundred and eighty-three of the said Act is hereby repealed.

5. All Acts of Parliament or Acts of Sederunt, in so far as inconsistent with the provisions of this Act, are hereby repealed.

Repeal.

1895.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1895.

Ch. 15.

17

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

[30th May 1895.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the Issue of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards ont

making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of solidated Fnn<l the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight for the service hundred and ninety-six, the sum of seven million eight hundred and fifty-five thousand two hundred and sixty-eight pounds. March 1896.

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank Power to the of England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said Treasury to suni, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven million eight hundred and fifty-five thousand two hundred and sixty-eight pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Short title.

Act, 1895.

B

j

18

Ch. 16.

Finance Act, 1895.

58 Vict.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and to make Provision for the Financial Arrangements of

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's-most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

charged, levied, and paid, on and after the first day of August one thousand' eight hundred and ninety-five until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland (that is to say) : —

customs duties after the* first day'of July One thousand eight hundred and ninety-WndiTofbeer fiye> on ^eer of the descriptions called mum, spruce, of black beer,

imported into Great Britain or Ireland, there shall be charged, levied, and paid, on and after the said first day of July until the first day of July one thousand, eight hundred and ninety-six, the duties following (that is to say) : —

the Year.

[30th May 1895.]

PART I.

Customs and Excise.

Duty on tea. X. The duty of customs now payable on tea shall continue to be

Tea, the, pound

Fourpence.

Addition to

2. — (1.) In addition to the duties of customs payable on and

£ 8. d.

For every thirty-six gallons of beer where the worts

thereof are or were before fermentation of a specific

gravity —

Not exceeding one thousand two hundred and fifteen degrees .....

0 2 0

Exceeding one thousand two hundred and fifteen degrees -

0

2 4

J 895.

Fvn/mce Act, 1895.

Ch. 16.

19

(2.) This section shall extend to Berlin white beer, and other preparations, whether fermented or not fermented, of a character similar to mum, spruce, or black beer.

3. In addition to the duties of customs payable'on and after Addition to the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, °"s*y"st^enrty on every description of beer (other than is specified in the last £gea ° er preceding section) imported into Great Britain or Ireland, there shall be charged, levied, and paid, on and after the said first day of July until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, the duty following (that is to say) : —

£ 8. d.

For every thirty-six gallons where the worts thereof were before fermentation of si specific gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees - - 0 0 6

and there shall be allowed and paid in and for the same period in

respect of all such beer a similar addition to the drawback granted

on exportation, shipment for use as stores, or removal to the Isle

of Man, by section four of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 44 & 45 Vict.

1881. And so, as to both duty and drawback, in proportion for c-12-

any difference in gravity.

4. In addition to the duty of excise payable on and after the Addition to

first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five in uty

respect of beer brewed in the United Kingdom, there shall be charged, levied, and paid, on and after that day until the first day

of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six —

For every thirty-six gallons of worts of a specific gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees, the duty of sixpence,

and so in proportion for any difference in quantity or gravity! 1

5. In addition to the drawback of excise otherwise payable in Addition to respect of beer exported from the United Kingdom as merchandise excise draw-or shipped for use as ship's stores, there shall be allowed and paid back on beer' in respect of beer brewed in the United Kingdom between the thirtieth day of June one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five and

the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and; ninety-six —

For every thirty-six gallons of beer of an original gravity of one thousand and fifty-five degrees, the drawback of sixpence,

and so in proportion for any difference in quantity or gravity.

6. Regulations of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, under Regulations section one hundred and fifty-nine of the Spirits Act, 1880, may for and regulate the removal for exportation of methylated spirits, and expiation of where spirits used for, methylation . arse, removed from a place of methylated methylation and exported in accordance with those regulations, spirits, there shall be paid to the. exporter an allowance of twopence for 43 * 44 Vict. every gallon of such spirits, computed at hydrometer proof, and c" subsection three of section three' of the Customs and Inland' 48 & 49 Vict< Revenue Act, 18,85, shall apply, as if the spirits were exported and c. 51.

the allowance made in pursuance of that section.

20

Ch. 16.

Finance Act, 1895.

58 Vict.

Extension of 7. After the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight 39 h 40 vict. hundred and ninety-five, section one hundred and nineteen of the as to time'for Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 (which limits the time for the payment of payment of a drawback on the exportation of goods), shall extend tlTa!herCkS *be payment of any allowance in respect of spirits exported,

allowances used, or deposited, which is payable under section three of the

and drawbacks. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885, as amended by section

48 & 49 Vict. twenty-one of the Revenue Act, 1889, and to an allowance in "* ‘r respect of methylated spirits exported which is payable under this

c."42.1,3 Ict‘ Act, and to the payment of any drawback of excise which is allowed on the exportation of any goods, in like manner as if it

were in terms made applicable thereto, and the date of user or

deposit were the date of shipment.

Amendment of 8. Spirits to which any sweetening or colouring matter or any 44X1®* other ingredient has been added in warehouse, and spirits ware-and 95 as to housed by a rectifier of spirits for exportation or ship's stores, and removal of British liqueurs, may, if bottled and packed in cases when delivered r from a warehouse, be removed, notwithstanding anything in sections ship's stores, seventy-four and ninety-five of the Spirits Act, 1880, to another warehouse for exportation or ship's stores.

PART II.

Stamps.

Repeal of an 9. — (1.) Exemption numbered eight under the head " Receipt " exemption from in the First Schedule to the Stamp Act, 1891, is hereby repealed; on'receipts. and the duty shall be charged as if the exemption had not been 54 & 55 Vict. contained in that schedule; provided that neither the name of a c. 39. banker (whether accompanied by words of receipt or not) written

in the ordinary course of his business as a banker upon a bill of exchange or promissory note duly stamped, nor the name of the payee written upon a draft or order, if payable to order, shall constitute a receipt chargeable with stamp duty.

(2.) This section shall take effect as from the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five.

Repeal of stamp 10. The duty imposed by the Stamp Act, 1891, upon the admission liegree'in1'0' of any person to the degree of doctor of medicine in either of the i*&e5vict. universities in Scotland, shall cease to be payable.

Reduction of 11. The stamp duty on a letter or power of attorney for the sale, r«w8dotty °" transfer, or acceptance of any government or parliamentary stocks

transfer|| SI shall be — 1 1

mont stock. Where the nominal amount of the stocks or funds does

not exceed lOOi. - - 2 6

Collection of 12. Where after the passing of this Act, by virtue of any Act, si amp fluty in whether passed before or after this Act, either —

et»BC8 of ?

p.opertyvested (a) any property is vested by way of sale in any person; or

by Act or pur- any person is authorised to purchase property ;

1895.

Finance Act, 1895.

Ch. 16.

21

such person shall within three months after the passing of the Act, chased under or the date of vesting, whichever is later, or after the completion statutory of the purchase, as the case may be, produce to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue a copy of the Act printed by the Queen's printer of Acts of Parliament or some instrument relating to the vesting in the first case, and an instrument of conveyance of the property in the other case, duly stamped with the ad valorem duty payable upon a conveyance on sale of the property; and in default of such production, the duty with interest thereon at the rate of five per cent, per annum from the passing of the Act, date of vesting, or completion of the purchase, as the case may be, shall be a debt to Her Majesty from such person.

13. Whereas section ninety-eight of the Stamp Act, 1891, Extension of provides that "a policy of insurance against accident " includes gfg8Ict* a notice or advertisement in a newspaper or other publication to policies of which purports to insure the payment of money upon the death insurance for of or injury to the holder or bearer of the newspaper or publi- slc neS8‘ cation from accident, and doubts have arisen as to the like notices

or advertisements in other cases, it is hereby for the removal of doubts declared that " a policy of insurance for any payment agreed " to be made during the sickness of any person or his incapacity " from personal injury " within the meaning of the Stamp Act,

1891, includes a notice or advertisement in a newspaper or other publication which purports to insure such payment.

14. Where foreign securities within the meaning of sections Amendment of eighty-two and eighty-three of the Stamp Act, 1891, are issued in |j43*

the United Kingdom, and the interest thereon is not j ayable in payment of the United Kingdom, and such evidence of the amount of the stamp duty on securities as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue require is pro- securitiesreigU duced to them, then the Commissioners, if in their discretion they consider it expedient to do so, may accept payment of the amount of stamp duty which would be payable if all the said securities were duly stamped, and on such payment may dispense with the necessity of the securities being stamped. The Commissioners shall give notice in the London Gazette of any such dispensation.

15. So much of section fifteen of the Stamp Act, 1891, as limits Abolition of

the time within which the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may mitigating mitigate or remit any penalty payable on stamping shall be sfTss vict!d°r repealed. 39,8-15*

16. Section one hundred and forty-four of the Bankruptcy Act, Extension to

1883 (which exempts from stamp duty certain documents relating yief

to the estates of bankrupts and to bankruptcies), shall apply to the c. 52. s. 144 * estates of companies wound up by order of the Court under the as to exemp-Companies Winding-up Act, 1890, and to such winding up, in like ,"t manner as if the company were a bankrupt and the winding up 53 & 54 vict were a bankruptcy; and proceedings under section fifteen of the c. 63. latter Act shall for this purpose be part of the proceedings in the winding up.

22

CH. 16.

Finance Act, 1895.

58 Vict,

PART III. Income Tax.

Grant of duty of income tax, and application of Acts.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 34.

17 — (1.) There shall be charged, levied, and paid for the year which began on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, in respect of all property profits and gains respectively described or comprised in the several Schedules A, B., C., D., and E. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, the following duties of income tax (that is to say) : —

For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property profits and gains chargeable under the said Schedules A., C., D., or E., the duty of eightpence; and For every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands tenements hereditaments and heritages chargeable under the said Schedule B., the duty of threepence.

(2.) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax hereby granted, so far as those enactments are consistent with this Act.

Assessment of 18. — (1.) The annual value of any property which has been unaer6 * adopted jf or the purpose of incbme tax under Schedules A. and B. Schedules A. iQ the Income Tax Act, 1853, or for the purpose of inhabited house nnd B., and of duty during the year which began on the sixth day of April one the mlmbited thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, shall be taken as the lor the year annual value of such property for the same purpose during the year 1895-6. which began on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred 16 & 17 Vict. and ninety-fiveProvided that this section —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fifth day of May for the sixth day of April; and 32 & 33 Vict. (fr) shall not apply to the metropolis as defined by the Valuation °-67' (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

(2.) The inspectors or surveyors of taxes shall be the assessors of the income tax under the said Schedules A. and B., and of the house duty.

PART IV.

i Miscellaneous.

Repeal. 19. The Act mentioned ih the schedule to this Act is hereby

repealed, to the extent in the third Column of that schedule mentioned.

20. This Act may he cited as the Finance Act, 1895.

Short title.

1895. Finance Act, 1895, Ch. 16, 17. 23

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal. ;

54 & 55 Vict. c. 39. - The Stamp Act, 1891 - I In section fifteen, the words "at any time within three j ff months after the first " execution of any instru-! " ment in the Schedule, under the head Admission " from " admission " of any person to the " degree. down to " sec- tions 18 and 19," where they next occur, and under the head "Receipt" from " receipt written upon a bill " of exchange " down to " Accountant-General of the " Navy/'

CHAPTER 17.

An Act for enabling Children to be sent from the Channel Islands to Reformatory or Industrial Schools in Great Britain. [20th. June 1895.]

X> E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent ' of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled-and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where, under any law of any of the Channel Islands, it is Power for lawful for any court in the Channel Islands to sentence a young person to be sent to a reformatory or industrial school in Great islands to Britain, and provision is made under any such law to the contract with satisfaction of a Secretary of State — o^indimrial

(1) for the expenses of the conveyance of the young person to schools in the school to which he is sent, and for his re-conveyance to Great Britain the Channel Islands on his discharge from the school; and oTChannel "

(2) for the expenses of his maintenance at the school; and Islands

(3) for the contribution, (if any) to be made by his parent, step- children, parent, guardian, or other person liable to maintain him, and

the mode in which that contribution is to be raised; the government of any of the Channel Islands may contract with the managers of any reformatory or industrial school in Great Britain for the reception of young1 persons sentencea to be scnt to any School by a court in the Channel Islands.

2. A young person sentenced as aforesaid in the. Channel Islands Channel to be sent to a reformatory or industrial school in Great Britain may be conveyed in the custody of any constable or other person be sent to acting under' wafrah? issued-by any femp&tent court in tte

24 Ch. 17,18,19. Reformatory a'nd Industrial Schools 58 & 59 VICT.

(Channel Islands Children) Act, 1895.

schools in Channel Islands to the school to which he is sentenced to be sent, Great Britain. an(j he shall, during his conveyance to that school, be deemed to be in legal custody, both on sea and on land, and when delivered up to the managers of the school to which he is sent, he may thenceforth be dealt with in the same manner, and be subject to the Acts relating to reformatory and industrial schools, in the same way as if he had been sent to the school by justices, a magistrate, or a court in the United Kingdom.

Construction. 3. In the construction of this Act for the purpose of the Acts relating to reformatory schools and industrial schools —

The expression " young person " shall include " youthful offender " and " child ":

The expressions " sentence " and " sentenced " shall include " order " and " ordered."

Short title. 4. This Act may be cited as the Reformatory and Industrial Schools (Channel Islands Children) Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the Post Office Act, 1891.

[27th June 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Bower to 1. The parish council of a parish, or where there is no parish

parish council council the parish meeting, shall have like powers as are given to a 610 rural sanitary authority under section eight of the Post Office Act, occasioned by 1891, to guarantee the Postmaster-General against loss sustained P08ta* by the provision of postal or other facilities as named in that 54° so viet. Section, and any expenses incurred by the council or meeting c. 46. under such undertaking shall be deemed to be expenses of the

56 & 57 Vict. council or of the meeting (as the case may be) within the provisions of the Local Government Act, 18S4.

Short title. 2. This Act may be cited as the Post Office Amendment Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to make provision in regard to the Consignation of Money in the Court of Session in Scotland; and for other purposes. [27th June 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

Short title and 1. This Act may be cited as the Court of Session Consig nations

(Scotland) Act, 1895, and shall apply to Scotland only.

1895.

Court of Session Consignations (Scotland) Act, IS95.

Ch. 19.

25

2. In this Act the expression " consignation " shall extend and Definition of apply to any sum of money consigned or deposited in any bank under orders of the Court, or in virtue of the provisions of any Act of Parliament, and shall include any sum of money, or any bank deposit receipt, security, or other voucher for a sum of money, received by the Accountant of Court (herein-after called the Accountant), or by any of the clerks of eourt, as the case may be, for deposit or consignation, in any cause or proceeding, whether by order of court or otherwise, and any sum of money lodged by way of caution or security in corroboration of any bond, and also any unclaimed dividends, or special deposits, or unapplied balances, in any sequestration or cessio, deposited in any bank in terms of the 19 & 20 Vict. Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856, or otherwise. e' 79‘

3. The provisions of section thirty-five of the Judicial Factors Accountant of Act, 1849, and of sections five and six of the Bill Chamber Pro- cnstocfierof0l° cedure Act, 1857, so far as relating to consignations, are hereby consignations, repealed, and in lieu thereof it is hereby provided that the 12 & 13 Vict. Accountant shall be the sole custodier of all consignations under. 5I-

this Act, and the Clerk of Court, in each process in which, after j,018 Ict-the passing of this Act, a consignation is made, shall forthwith lodge the same with the Accountant, whose receipt therefor shall be a discharge to such clerk.

No fees shall be payable to the Accountant in eases of consignations other than those which are or may be prescribed by the Lords of Council and Session with the sanction of the Treasury.

4. All consignations shall be entered by the Accountant in a Consignations book or books, to be kept by him for the purpose, in such form as books^kepTb D the Lords of Council and Session may from time to time by Act of Accountant of Sederunt prescribe, and any person interested shall be entitled to Court, inspect such books under such regulations as to fees or otherwise as

the Accountant may, with the approval of the said Lords and of the Treasury, prescribe.

5. Within ten days after receipt of any consignation in money Consignations the Accountant shall lodge the same on deposit receipt in one of deposited the banks in Scotland, established by Act of Parliament or Royal

Charter, and every deposit receipt for money lodged in any of the said banks representing a consignation, whether lodged by the Accountant, or by any party to a cause, or by any other person, shall be taken in name of the Accountant and his successors in office, and shall bear on the face of it the name of the party or parties by whom or on whose behalf the consignation is made, and of the cause, or proceeding, or bond to which it relates.

6. The Accountant shall be responsible for the safe custody of Responsibility all consignations made with him, and shall be bound to account of CourtUfor for the same with interest, if any, accrued thereon to the person safe custody, having right thereto, subject to the orders of the Court. The Accountant shall not be liable for any loss resulting from the failure

of any bank in which any consignation shall have been made as aforesaid.

Ch. 19.

26

Gowt of Session Consignations 58 & 59 Vioti (Scotland) Act, 1895,

Lord Ordinary in Exchequer to determine amount of consignations prior to 1889 not accounted for.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 79.

7. As soon as may be after the passing of this, Act, the Lord Ordinary in Exchequer Causes, on the representation of the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, shall, after such inquiry as he may deem necessary, determine the amount of consignations made prior to the first day of January, One thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, in the name of the Accountant, or of any of the Clerks of Court, as the case may be, or deposited in bank.in the name of any person by order of the Court, or in virtue of the provisions of any Act, or otherwise deposited in the name of any party or agent in a cause or proceeding, or by a trustee in a sequestration or cessio as an unclaimed dividend or special deposit, and not paid out or otherwise accounted for and shall certify the same to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, appending to his certificate a list of the. consignations made prior to the said date and found by him to be still unpaid, or not otherwise accounted for, including any interest which may have accrued thereon, and.also the amount at the aforesaid date at the credit of the'1 fund 'called' * the Interest Account of Unclaimed Dividends," in terms of section one hundred and fifty-three of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856; and the Accountant or the Clerk of Court, as the case nifty be, shall account fdr' and any bank having the custody of such Consignation shall pay over,'within one month after the receipt of 'a requisition to that effect, the amount so determined, to the Queeft's and Lord Treasurer's. Remembrancer, who shall in exchange grant a receipt binding himself and his successors in, office'. to' relieve the Said Accountant, or Clerk of Court or bank; Of* any claim that may be established in respect of any sum-so paid over to him, which receipt shall be a discharge to the said Accountant, or the said clerk or bank.

Clerks to lodge 8. Any Clerk of Court who may have, at the'passing'of this returns of Act, the custody of any consignations made with him or his subsequent'to predecessors in office respectively shall within' six' months after 1888 with the passing of this Act, lodge with the Accountant a detailed Accountant of statement of all consignations made with him or .pps predecessors in office op or after the first day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, and not at the date of , the passing of this Act paid out or otherwise accounted for, and the Accountant shall examine and check such, statement with the relative books and vouchers in the.hands of the said clerk; and the said,clerk shall thereafter, on being; required by the.Accountant, pay over to him the several amounts so found due, with interest, if any. or deliver to him the deposit receipts or i other securities or vouchers applicable to the said consignations, - and the Accountant shaji, upon such payment being made, grant a receipt binding himself and his successors in office to relieve' the' said clerk so paying over or making delivery as aforesaid, of any claim that may be established in respect of such consignations' aMr interest, and shall thereupon become responsible for any consignations so> paid over or delivered. 1 loa

Accountant to

9. On or before the first day of April,' offe thousand1 eight hundred lodge returns and ninety-seven, the Accountant shall lodge with the Lord President

1895. - Uowt of Session Consignations Ch. 19. 27

(Scotland) Act, 1895.

of the Court of Session, and with the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's of consigna-Remembrancer, a detailed return of all consignations made with p°ggid^Lord him and his predecessors in office, or with any of the Clerks of Court during the year ending thirty-first December, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, and which are unpaid or not accounted for at the date of the said return; and, similarly, on or before the first day of April in each succeeding year, a like return of unpaid consignations shall be made in respect of the year which shall have terminated seven years prior to the previous thirty-first December, and the Accountant shall, along with the said return, deliver the deposit receipts or other vouchers, or pay the amount of such consignations mentioned therein, with any interest which may have accrued thereon, to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, and i the endorsation by the said Remembrancer of any deposit receipt or other voucher shall be a sufficient warrant to a bank to pay the amount deposited, with interest, to the said Remembrancer, who'shall, upon such payment being made, grant a receipt binding himself and his successors in office to relieve the Accountant of any claim that may be established in respect of such consignations and interest, and shall thereupon become responsible for any consignations so, paid, over or delivered.

10. Section one hundred and fifty-three of the Bankruptcy Unclaimed (Scotland) Act, 1856, is hereby repealed, in so far as regards the geqimstration8 manner in which unclaimed dividends after the lapse of twenty- to be made five years from the closing Of a sequestration and any interest over to the thereon are to be dealt with, and in lieu thereof the Accountant SrLm shall at the end of seven years from the date of deposit hand over 19 & 2Q y. * the deposit receipts or other securities or vouchers for any unclaimed c. 79. dividends,op sp^ciql deposits or unapplied, balances ^belonging to a bankrupt estajte, aud received by him jp terms. of the above-mentioned section, ,tp the Queen's and. Lord- Treasurer's Remembrancer,

who shall thereupon obtain payment, ip the manner and on the conditions aforesaid, of the amount due, principal and interest, from the bank in which the deposit was made, and each bank in which a deposit of unclaimed dividends has been pnade shall on or before the first day of April in ^ach year, account to the said Remembrancer for the. interest on the interest, account .of unclaimed dividends for the preceding calendar year, and a receipt under the hand .of the said Remembrancer shall be, a sufficient discharge to the, Accountant for the duties imposed on him Ipy the .said section, and to the said hanks for the payments sq made by theni,

11. It shall riot be necessary for the Accountant to enter in

detail in the register of unclaimed'dividends the names of those under twenty creditors whose unclaimed' dividends do not, respectively, exceed shillings in one pound sterling, and section one hundred and fifty-three of the wni)UDt' Bankruptcy, (Scotland), Act, in so far as inconsistent therewith, is hereby repealed.,

12. The Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer shall ^piiance*1 report to the Lord President of the Court of Session any instance with the proof non-compliance with the provisions of this Act which may come visions of the

Ch. 19,

28

Court of Session Consignations 58 & 59 Vict. (Scotland) Act, 1895.

or be brought to his knowledge, and the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, or any person deputed by him, may at any time have access to the consignation books and registers of unclaimed dividends, and may call for exhibition of the deposit receipts, accounts, and all other documents applicable or relating to consignations.

Payment by 13. It shall be lawful for the Treasury from time to time to n^mbrancer to direct the? Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer to pay over Exchequer. to the Exchequer out of the moneys accumulated in his hands under the provisions of this Act such sums as to them may seem fit.

Provision for 14. If at any time the moneys in the hands of the Queen's and baiance^eftI 11 Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer under the provisions of this Act is with Queen's reduced to a sum not sufficient, in the opinion of the.Treasury, to Remem- meet the demands upon it, the Treasury shall advance out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, such sum as they may think necessary, not exceeding in the whole the amount of the sums paid over to the Exchequer in pursuance of this Act.

Treasury em- 15. It shall be lawful for the Treasury to pay to the Commis-fivTthousand7 s^oners Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings out of moneys pounds towards accumulated under the provisions of this Act towards the making improvements of any additions, alterations, or improvements in or about the Litoary Cate * Library of the Faculty of Advocates at or adjoining the Parliament House, Edinburgh, and of such alterations of the buildings, courts, offices, and chambers at the said Parliament House, as the said Commissioners, with the consent of the said Faculty, may think proper, such sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of five thousand pounds, as shall by the said Commissioners be required.

Right to claim 16. Every person having any legal claim to the moneys to be Uueen'VL- Pairl over in terms of this Act, or any part of them, shall have sucTl mcmbrancer's and the like claim thereto, and such and the like right to demand hands. and recover the same from the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's

Remembrancer, after payment thereof to the said Remembrancer, as from the person or persons having possession of such moneys before payment to the said Remembrancer; and an order by the court in which any consignation has been made or received for the payment thereof, or of any part thereof, to any person or persons named, shall be sufficient warrant to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer to make such payment, and such court shall continue to have jurisdiction relative to the disposal of such consignation, and the parties to the cause shall have the same rights of appeal and otherwise in case of dispute regarding the consignation as they would have had if the money had remained in

Ithe hands of the Accountant or any of the Clerks of Court.

I ^c^erk°of°f The expression "Clerk of Court''shall mean and include

I Court."° the Clerk or any of the Circuit Clerks of Justiciary, the Principal, Depute, or other Clerks of Session, the Clerk of the Bills, and the Clerk of Teinds.

1895.

Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895.

Ch. 20.

29

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883. [27th June 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where under the Tramways and Public Companies Arrangement (Ireland) Act, 1883, the dividend on any share capital of a company ^r^"Ption has been guaranteed by a barony, the Lord Lieutenant may, with coniribution to the consent of the Treasury, and with the consent of the company tramway and of the grand jury of any county in which the tramway is guarantee-situated given in the manner required by this Act, provide by 46J^47 v,ct' Order in Council for the redemption by the Treasury under this Act of their liability in respect of the guaranteed dividend, and may by the Order provide for the payment and application of the money paid for the redemption, for any consequential reduction and rearrangement of the capital of the company and of the baronial guarantee, for increased provision for securing the public interests whether by means of directors or otherwise, for any other change in the constitution of the company, and for all such matters as may seem necessary or expedient for carrying into effect the purposes of the Order.

(2.) Any such Order in Council shall be subject to the like petition of appeal and confirmation as an order under the said Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

(3.) For the purpose of this section the grand jury may give their consent by a presentment.

(4.) For the purposes of this section the company may give their consent by a resolution passed by a two-thirds majority. A meeting shall be specially called for the purpose, and the resolution shall be deemed to have been passed by a two-thirds majority if —

(a) when there is no poll, it is passed at that meeting by a majority of two-thirds of such members of the company for the time being entitled, according to the regulations of the company, to vote, as may be present in person, or, if the regulations of the company permit proxies, by proxy, at such meeting; and

(b) when a poll is demanded at the meeting by not less than five members present as aforesaid at such meeting, the resolution is passed by a majority of two-thirds of the votes recorded at such poll in accordance with the regulations of the company.

(5.) Unless a poll is demanded, no proof of the majority being a two-thirds majority shall be required. The declaration of the chairman and an entry in the minutes or books of proceedings of

§0

Ch. 20,

Tfetonwayto (ctrda/nd) AoU 1895.\ 58 & 59 Vggn

the company that the resolution ha3 been carried and no poll demanded, or, if there iq^poU* uf'jfbhe respit, of the poll, shall be deemed conclusive evidence of the Tacts so declared or entered..

Terms for redemption by Treasury of their contribution to guarantee.

2.-41.) The "Treasury may'ctnisentto redeem, abd may redeem tobir ^liability td' tue grand jury in resect lof i the guaranteed dividend on the share capital of the company by payment of a capital sum- pot' exceeding iir any case thirtl^-tfafreeo and a third times the estimated annual amount of such liability; and upon thfc payment of that'shteftMiliaMUtyiproposed taiiDed^efeby redeemed shall cease, but the aggregate'hum which oah be^guak&nteed by the; Treasmv shah .be .reduced by .the maximum annual amount of the liability redpem^d.1

(%) The amount required foranysuch payment may beadvanoedf to the Treasury by the Natfona.1 Debt Commissioners, and shall be repaidwith interest at the rate of three peiyoeptuper annum by a terminable annuity for such period nob exceeding '.thirty years; as may be determined by the. Treasury, which annuity shall be paid outoi moneys provided by Parliament for the service of the Board of Works, and if and so far as.mpt so paid shall, pe charged on and paid Out of thb GonsolidatedJ Fund ofi the United1 Kingdom or the growing product'thereof, and the amount oLsUch annuity; shall be certified under thelh&nd' of1 the^ Aetnary andaCemptroller*- General, or assistant comptroller of-tife Tfetional Debt Office. ' m

Enforcement of obligation as to maintenance and working of tramway.

40 & 41 Vict. e. 27.

— ',(3*) Their^f^ption of thehLl^h^Uty,by .thfttS^ga^ury under this Act shall not affect the obligation of the-jicoippany or. any grand jury under the principal Acts as regardsThe. efficient maintenance andwprking; of the tiamivayj and if at any times it appears to the Lord on the report ,.of .the Boa-rd' of Tirade that

such obligation is not fulfilled, ne suail aeclare" the ' same, and thereupon, Until the Lord Lieutenant' declares1 that the 'obligation is being fulfilled, the grand jury shalfpa^'to the Crewman annual sum (accruing f^om day to' dayjiequah to three ;pqr cent, on the capital; sum paid ;ty-othe -Treasury-.-for the redemption of their, liability *, and suchsmm as mayihe ,£mm time.tq,tind 6*Icertified by the iBoardipfi. Works to be drieSunder this! cmaatment shall be paid by- the grand, juryr at ther cost, of . the; guaranteeing, baronies, or .other guaranteeing areas* and, section four ,of tpe ? Public WorkqLoans (Ireland), Act, 187i7^atl apply, a§,if. the sum ary).. certificate Jwere such sum mad -certificate- ^-are in that- section, mentioned,

' i(2.) Any declaratibii bfi the Lord- Lieutenant forth&purposes of this section may be made as often as occasion arxSM; >

Short tide and A. may t>c cited..-asi.the Jr^v?ays (I^dnd)A.ct,:1895,

and .shall he construeebas one with the principal. Acts,; that'.is to c.168. 1 say£the,Tramways hndiBuMie.,OWpaniesr(Irelflud\-Aft l'«S3 and W the Tramways (Ireland) Acts as therein defined.

34 * 88 Viol.

0.114. S v I-.

89 * 40 Vict. C.65. . * . " 1

44*46vict.o.i7. eo* in -

46*47 Vict. 0.43. -i ;v r ->^-~vvwv , , ,

1895.

Seff&yF&shevies (Worth Pttcific) Act, 1895.

Ch. 21.

31

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to provide for prohibiting' the Catching of Seals at certain -periods in Behring Sea and other parts of the' Paoifid -Ocean adjacent to Behring Sea, and for regulating the,Seal Fisheries in those Seas.

[27th June 1895.]

j HERE AS it is expedient fe> repeal the Seal FishCry(North I Pacific) Act, 1893, and to' re-enact it with amendments: 56 & 57 Vict.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, °*23* by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, khd ComrriCns; in this present Parliarbent assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.)V.Her* Majesty, the,.Queen may, by Order in Council, PoT?f.to prohibit}, .^uijqg period, specified in, the Order, the catching of order in by seals by British, ships in such parts, of jihe seas to,which this Act Council the applies as are Specified ln,me,Order. hunting of

i^2.) While an^Or^ei* in.Cp.ixneil under this Act is in foreerrrx,:' ..gea ..fala p^reon^ b^lopging tq.a British ship shahuotkill, take, and adjacent lor hunt, or- attempt. to kill or take, any seal, during- the padflcOacan pengd,apd"^qthm f^Le .seas specified in the.Order,;,rand-r .,

(o) a British ship shall not, nor shall any of the equipment or crew thereof, be used or employed in such killing,

>\ staking, hunting,ior attempt.

(S-l 'Tf'iitere is hnyl'b6htrfeyehtion '$£ 'this. section, any "' person comtoMting'procuring aiding or abetting stich contravention shall be guilty 6f 'h' misdemeanor within the meaning of* the Merahaht Shipping' Act,l 894, ah& the ^hip and her equipment and every- * 58 ^r‘ct* thing n6ii* hoflrd'* thereof shall be 'subject to forfeiture to Her c‘ 60" Majesty. c

, 2. — i(l.)i"Her Majesty .the Qufeny ma^ by Order in* Council Powfrt^caj make, as. respects: such parts of the seas to which this Act applied filing.6 S° as;are specifiediin then Order, regulations^ — ri .^(<£):rfor, entering in the official log of v a ship; particulars respecting the hunting, killing, add taking of seals,' and '

- r.(&), £or. the huntipg and taking of seals, with pc«yer

. :?J^.jpTOlupi^.6r restrict the.use therein of any particular kind .;, of .vessels^, methods,. or implements. v

, (<2.) -.If there ^isyany contravention ofi'any such regulation any person . who .committed procured aided lor abetted subhP contravention shall he liable to a fine not exceeding ' one hundred pounds.,

tl|^.r^ularihp§'lup,4er ,ibis..section .provide fotfvthe entry of' particulars , m, . the o|ELcxal log, of a ship,: ‘the provisions .of the Merchant ^ippip.ge(A?t>atl81)4, ,with reference, to , official logs 57 & 58 Vict. (inCludih^pep^provi^ha), shall;apply to every ship; engage^. °-60* in seal fishing within such of the seas to which this Act applies as are specified in the Order.

32

Ch. 21.

Seal Fisheries (.North Pacific) 58 & 59 Vict

Act, 1895.

Procedure for 3. — (1.) Any offence or fine under this Act may be prosecuted enforcing Act. or recovered in like manner as if it were an offence or fine under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

(2.) For the purpose of the forfeiture of any ship under this Act, section seventy-six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall apply.

(3.) Where any commissioned officer on full pay in the naval service of Her Majesty the Queen has reasonable cause to believe that, during the period and in the seas specified in an Order in Council under this Act, any British ship has been used or employed in contravention of this Act, or of any regulation made thereunder, he may stop and examine her, and detain her or any portion of her equipment or any of her crew, and may seize the ship's certificate of registry.

(4.) For carrying into effect an arrangement with any foreign State, an Order in Council under this Act may provide that the powers under this Act of such commissioned officer may, subject to any limitations, conditions, modifications, and exceptions specified in the Order, be exercised in relation to a British ship and the equipment crew and certificate thereof by such officers of the said foreign State as are specified in the Order, or in relation to a ship of the said foreign State and the equipment crew and papers thereof by such British officers as are specified in the Order.

Provision as to 4:. — (1.) Where an officer has power under this Act to seize a

ship's papers, g^jp'g certificate of registry, he may, subject to the directions of an Order in Council under this Act, either retain the certificate and give a provisional certificate in lieu thereof, or return the certificate with an indorsement of the grounds ou which it was seized; and in either case may, if the ship appears to him to be liable to forfeiture, direct the ship, by an addition to the provisional certificate or to the indorsement, to proceed forthwith to a specified port, being a port where there is a British court having authority to adjudicate in the matter, and if this direction is not complied with, the owner and master of the ship shall, without prejudice to any other liability, each be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2.) Where in pursuance of this section a provisional certificate is given to a ship, or the ship's certificate is indorsed, any officer of customs in Her Majesty's dominions or British consular officer may detain the ship, until satisfactory security is given for her appearance in any legal proceedings which may be taken against her in pursuance of this Act.

Evidence. 5. — (1.) A statement in writing, purporting to be signed by an

officer having power in pursuance of this Act to stop and examine a ship, as to the circumstances under which or grounds on which he stopped and examined the ship, shall be admissible in any proceedings, civil or criminal, as evidence of the facts or matters therein stated.

1895.

Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1895.

Cff. 21, 22.

33

(2.) If evidence contained in any such statement was taken on oath in the presence of the person charged in the evidence, and that person had an opportunity of cross-examining the person giving the evidence and of making his reply to the evidence, the officer making the statement may certify that the evidence was so taken, and that there was such opportunity as aforesaid.

6. — (1.) Her Majesty the Queen in Council may make, revoke. Orders in and alter Orders for the purpose of this Act, and every such Council-Order shall be forthwith laid before both Houses of Parliament

and published in the London Gazette.

(2.) Any such Order may contain any limitations, conditions, modifications, and exceptions, which appear to Her Majesty in Council expedient for carrying into effect the object of this Act.

7. — (1.) This Act shall apply to the animal known as the fur Application,

seal, and to any marine animal specified in that behalf by an g^ort title°and Order in Council under this Act, and the expression "seal" in durationAct this Act shall be construed accordingly. and repeal.

(2.) This Act shall apply to the seas within that part of the Pacific Ocean known as Behring's Sea, and within such other parts of the Pacific Ocean as are north of the forty-second parallel of north latitude, and shall be in addition to and not in derogation of the provisions of the Behring Sea Award Act, 1894. 57 & 58 Vict.

(3.) The expression " equipment " in this Act includes any boat, c' 2‘ tackle, fishing or shooting instruments, and other things belonging to a ship.

(4.) This Act may be cited as the Seal Fisheries (North Pacific)

Act, 1895.

(5.) The Seal Fishery (North Pacific) Act, 1893, is hereby 56 & 57 Vict. repealed as from the passing of this Act, but shall be deemed until c- 23-that passing to have continued in force, and any Order in Council in force under that Act shall continue as if it had been made in pursuance of this Act.

(6.) This Act shall remain in force until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven and no longer unless continued by Parliament.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to make temporary provision for the Relief of Distress in Ireland. [6th July 1895/]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and -D -with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) At any time before the first day of September, one °*

thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, the Local Govei-nment ^anjout- Board for Ireland may, if they think fit, by order under their seal door relief in

food and

C fuel.

34

Ch. 22, 23. Out-door Relief (Ireland) Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 83.

Confirmation of expenditure by guardians and indemnity, ,

-Out-door relief not to involve electoral disability.

Short title.

authorise the board of guardians of any poor law union to administer relief in food or fuel, out of the workhouse, for any time, not exceeding two months from the date of such order, to any poor persons resident in the union, and the said board may, by a like order, revoke any such order either wholly or partly or with reference to any particular person or class of persons.

(2.) On the receipt by the guardians of, any union of any order of the said board authorising such relief, the guardians shall make provision for affording such relief accordingly for such time and on such conditions as may be specified in the order or until the said order is revoked.

(3.) The proviso in section two of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1862, shall not apply in the case of any persons for whom relief is authorised under this Act.

(4.) The expenses' incurred in affording relief to any person relieved under this Act shall be charged in the same manner as if such expenses had been incurred in affording relief in the- work-house to.,such person under the Acts relating to the relief of the destitute poor in Ireland.

2. If at-any time before the passing of this Act any outlay has been made by any board of guardians with the sanction of the Local Government Board for Ireland for the purpose of providing out-door relief in food or fuel, such outlay and all resolutions and proceedings of the board of guardians and of their officers ifi relation thereto shall be ratified and confirmed and be as valid and effectual as if the outlay had been made and the resolutions and proceedings had been passed and taken under the' authority and in compliance with the provisions of this Act; and all persons who have acted in any manner in making any such outlay or otherwise in providing such relief shall be released and indemnified from and against any penalties and surcharges in consequence thereof.

* 3. No electoral disability or loss of any parliamentary or other franchise shall be incurred by any person by reason of a grant of out-door relief having been made to him under this Act, or by reason of any such grant ratified under this Act.

4. This Act may be cited as the Out-door Relief (Ireland) Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Calling out of Volunteers for actual Military Service.

[6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1 Sections seventeen to twenty of the Volunteer Act, 1863, shall Vict. c. 65. apply in the case of any part of a volunteer corps in like manner as ss. 1--20. they apply in the case of a whole volunteer corps.

1895.

Volunteer Act, 1895.

Ch. 23, 24.

2. Whenever an order for the embodiment of the militia is Service of in force, any member of a volunteer corps may offer himself for ^ca^e^of actual military service; and, if the services of such number of emergency members of any corps as in the opinion of the Secretary of State is sufficient to enable them to be separately organised are accepted,

then those members may be called out, either as a corps, or as part of a corps, and!this Act and sections seventeen to twenty of the Volunteer Act, 1863, shall apply accordingly.

3. This Act may be cited as the Volunteer Act, 1895. Short title.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1888. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ahct by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A certificate granted to a bailiff by the judge of a county power to court under the Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1888, may at cancel bailiffs any time be cancelled or declared void by a judge of that county S1 court, and so much of section seven of that Act as refers to the c. 21. Cancellation of certificates is hereby repealed.

2. If any person not holding a certificate for the time being Penalty-in force under the Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1888, levies ardistress contrary to the provisions of that Act, he shall without certificate, prejudice ;to civil liability be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

3. The power to make rules under the Law of Distress Amend- Duration of ment Act, 1888, shall extend to making provision for fixing the certificates, duration of certificates granted, or to be hereafter granted, to bailiffs.

4. A court of summary jurisdiction, on complaint that goods Unlawful or. chattels exempt under section four of the Law of Distress distre8S* Amendment Act, 1888, from distress for rent, have been taken under such distress, may, by summary order, direct that the goods and chattels so taken, if not sold, be restored; or, if they have been sold, that such sum as the court may determine to be the value thereof shall be paid to the complainant by the person who leyied the distress or directed it to be levied.

5. In any proceeding against any person for an offence under Evidence by this Act such person shall be competent, but not compellable, to accu»c"di give evidence, and the wife of such person may be required to attend to give evidence as an ordinary witness in the case, and shall be competent, but not compellable, to give evidence.

6. This Act may be cited as the Law of Distress Amendment Shbrt title. " Act, 1895.

34

Ch. 22, 23. Out-door Relief (Ireland) Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

authorise the board of guardians of any poor law union to administer relief in food or fuel, out of the Workhouse, for any time, not exceeding two months from the date of such order, to any poor persons resident in the union, and the said board may, by a like order, revoke any such order either wholly or partly Or with reference to any particular person or class of persons.

(2.) On the receipt by the guardians of, any union of any order of the said board authorising such relief, the guardians shall make provision for affording such relief accordingly for such time and on such conditions as may be specified in the order or until the said order is revoked.

25 & 26 Vict. (3.) The proviso in section two of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1862, shall not apply in the case of any persons for whom relief is authorised under this Act.

(4.) The expenses' incurred in affording relief to any person relieved under this Act shall be charged in the same manner as if : such expenses had been incurred in affording relief in the. work-i house to such person under the Acts relating to the relief of the destitute poor in Ireland.

Confirma- 2. If ah any time before the passing of this Act any outlay has

pendituio by heen made by any board of guardians with the sanction of the guardians Local Government Board for Ireland for the purpose of providing

and indem- out-door relief in food or fuel; such outlay and all resolutions and

mty* r proceedings of the board of guardians and of their officers ifi relation thereto shall be ratified and confirmed and be as valid and effectual as if the outlay had been made and the resolutions and proceedings had been passed and taken under the authority and in compliance with the provisions of this Act; and all persons who have acted in any manner in making any such outlay or otherwise in providing such relief shall be released and indemnified from and against any penalties and surcharges in consequence thereof.

-Out-door * 3, No electoral disability or loss of any parliamentary or other involve011 franchise shall be incurred by any person by reason of a grant of electoral out-door relief having been made to him under this Act, or by disability. reason of any such grant ratified under this Act.

Short title. 4. This Act may be cited as the Out-door Relief (Ireland)

Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Calling out of Volunteers for actual Military Service.

[6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of t!ie Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

0AT&2T 1- Sections seventeen to twenty of the Volunteer Act, 1863, shall Vict. c. 65. apply in the case of any part of a volunteer corps in like manner as ss. 17-20. they apply in the case of a whole volunteer corps.

1895.

Volunteer Act, 1895.

Ch. 23, 24.

35

2. Whenever an order for the embodiment of the militia is Se^loe of in force, any member of a volunteer corps may offer himself for in case8eof actual military service; and, if the services of such number of emergency, members of any corps as in the opinion of the Secretary of State is sufficient to enable them to be separately organised are accepted,

then those members may be called out, either as a corps, or as part of a corps, and-this Act and sections seventeen to twenty of the Volunteer Act, 1863, shall apply accordingly.

3. This Act may be cited as the Volunteer Act, 1895. Short title.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the Law of Distress Amendment Act,

1888. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ahtl by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, A certificate pgranted to a bailiff by the judge of a county Power to court under the Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1888, may at cancel bailiffs' apy time be cancelled or declared void by a judge of that county 5x^52 vict. court, and so much of section seven of that Act as refers to the c. 21. Cancellation of certificates is hereby repealed.

2. If any person not holding a certificate for the time being Penalty in force under the Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1888, levies ardistress contrary to the provisions of that Act, he shall without certificate, prejudice to a*ny civil liability be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

3. The power to make rules under the Law of Distress Amend- Duration of ment Act, 1888, shall extend to making provision for fixing the certificates, duration of certificates granted, or to be hereafter granted, to bailiffs.'

4. A court of summary jurisdiction, on complaint that goods Unlawful or; chattels exempt under section four of the Law of Distress distress-Amendment Act, 1888, from distress for rent, have been taken under such distress, may, by summary order, direct that the goods and chattels so taken, if not sold, be restored; or, if they have been sold, that such sum as the court may determine to be the value thereof shall be paid to the complainant by the person who leyied the distress or directed it to be levied.

5. In any proceeding against any person for an offence under Evidence by this Act such person shall be competent, but not compellable, to accused, give evidence, and the wife of such person may be required to attend to give evidence as an ordinary witness in the case, and shall be competent, but not compellable, to give evidence.

6. This Act may be cited as the Law of Distress Amendment Short title.

Act, 1895.

36

CH. 25,

Mortgagees Legal Costs Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Costs allowed to Mortgagees. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and A3 with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Mortgagees Legal Costs Act, 1895.

Charges, &c. 2. — (1.) Any solicitor to whom, either alone or jointly with

Wher<ismade any other person a mortgage is made, or the firm of which such with Boheitor. solicitor is a member, shall be entitled to receive for all business transacted and acts done by such solicitor or firm in negotiating the loan, deducing and investigating the title to the property and preparing and completing the mortgage, all such usual professional charges and remuneration as he or they would have been entitled to receive if such mortgage had been made to a person not a solicitor, and such person had retained and employed such solicitor or firm to transact such business, and do such acts; and such charges and remuneration shall accordingly be recoverable from the mortgagor.

(2.1 This section applies only to mortgages made after the commencement of this Act.

Right of 3. — (1.) Any solicitor to or in whom either alone or jointly with

sohcitorwuh any 0^Qer person any mortgage is made or is vested by transfer gage is made or transmission, or the firm of which such solicitor is a member, to recover shall be entitled to receive and recover from the person on whose

costs, &c. behalf the same is done or to charge against the security for

all business transacted and acts done by such solicitor or firm subsequent and in relation to such mortgage or to the security thereby created or the property therein comprised, all such usual professional charges and remuneration as he or they would have been entitled to receive if such mortgage had been made to and had remained vested in a person not a solicitor, and such person had retained and employed such solicitor or firm to transact such business and do such acts, and accordingly no such mortgage shall be redeemed except upon payment of such charges and remuneration.

(2.) This section applies to mortgages made and business transacted and acts done either before or after the commencement of this Act.

DeBnition of 4. In this Act the expression " mortgage " includes any charge on mortgage. any property for securing money or money's worth.

Extent of Ac*. 5. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

1895.

Friendly Societies Act, 1895.

Ch. 26.

37

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Friendly Societies.

[6th July 1895*]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Friendly Societies I Act, 1875 (herein-after referred to as the principal Act):$

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows .-

1. In sub-section five of section eleven of the principal Act the words " to any member " shall be omitted.

2. — (1.) For sub-section eight of section eleven of the principal Act shall be substituted the following sub-section: —

"(8.) From a refusal to register a society or any rules or amendment of rules, an appeal shall lie as follows: —

" (a.) If the assistant registrar for Scotland or for Ireland refuses " to register, the society may appeal to the chief registrar, and " if he refuses, to the Court of Session in Scotland, or to the " High Court in Ireland:

" (b ) If the central office refuse, the society may appeal to the " High Court in England."

(2.) For sub-section four of section twelve of the principal Act shall be substituted the following sub-section : —

" (4.) A society may appeal from the cancelling of its registry, T>r from any suspension of the same which is renewed after six months, as follows: —

" (a.) from the assistant registrar for Scotland or Ireland to the | chief registrar, and from him to the Court of Session in " Scotland or the High Court in Ireland; and " (6.) from the chief registrar, in cases not relating exclusively " either to Scotland or to Ireland, to the High Court in f* England."

(3.) For the proviso to sub-section seven of section twenty-nine of the principal Act shall be substituted the following proviso : — f‘ Provided that an appeal shall lie from the refusal of the chief secretary or other principal officer of the society, or his omission after three months from the receipt of a request in writing made on behalf of a branch to grant such a certificate, to the High Court in England or Ireland or to the Court of Session in Scotland."

3. A secretary or treasurer of a society or branch shall not be a trustee of that society or branch, and accordingly at the end of paragraph (6) of sub-section one of section fourteen of the principal Act, shall be inserted the following proviso: " Provided that the | same person shall not be secretary or treasurer of a society or u branch and a trustee of that society or branch."

4. The requirements of section fourteen of the principal Act as to- certificates of death shall not apply in cases where the body cannot be found; and accordingly in sub-section two of that

38 & 39 Vict. c. 60.

Amendments of 38 & 39 Vict. c. 60. Grant of annuities.

Appeals.

Trustees.

Certificates of death.

38 Ch. 26. Friendly Societies Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

section, after the words " This sub-section shall not apply to deaths " at sea," shall be inserted the words " nor to a death by colliery " explosion or other accident where the body cannot be found, nor " to any death certified by a coroner or procurator fiscal to be the " subject of a pending inquest or inquiry."

Exemption 5. For sub-section two of section fifteen of the principal Act from stamp shall be substituted the following sub-section: —

>' " Stamp duty shall nob be chargeable upon any of the following documents: —

‘ ‘ " (a.) Draft or order or receipt given by or to the society in

<e respect of money payable by virtue of its rules, or of this " Act:$

" (b.) Letter or power of attorney granted by any person as " trustee for the transfer of any money of the society invested j . f‘ in his name in the public funds:

" (c.) Bond given to or on account of the society or by the . ! " treasurer or other officer thereof:

" (d.) Policy of insurance or appointment or revocation of appoint- ment of agent or other document required or authorised by '>i‘j this Act or by the rules of the society."

Amendment of 6. At the end of sub-section three of section fifteen of the c8603s9T^as principal Act shall be added the following words: — ; ! to nominations. "and the receipt of a nominee over sixteen years of age for any j. amount so paid shall be valid, but the marriage of a member of a society shall operate as a revocation of any nomination theretofore made by that member under this section. Provided that where a society pays money to a nominee in ignorance of a'- marriage subsequent to the nomination, the receipt of the nominee shall be a valid discharge to the society"'

Membership 7. For sub-section eight of section fifteen of the principal Act

of minors. shall be substituted the following sub-section : —

I " (8.) The rules of a registered society or branch may provide for the admission of a person under twenty-one. years of age but above one year of age as a member, and any such member may, if be is over sixteen years of age by himself, and: if he is under that age by his parent or guardian, execute all instruments and give all acquittances necessary to be executed or given under the rules, but shall not be a member of the committee of1 management, or a trustee, manager, or treasurer of the society or branch."

Investment of 8. The following provision shall be added as a new1 sub-section after sub-section (1) of section sixteen of the principal Act; and Shall be numbered (1a) | — [>ai dwfnrj -r. v.joiwe h.uii |a

II "The rules of V society vdth branches and of'any 'bidfifih

thereof may provide for the investment of funds of the society Or of that branch by the trustees of any branch,'or %y'the trustees of the society, and the consent required for any

- ..... 1. . such .investment shall be the consent of the committee of

management, or of such majority as aforesaid of the society or branch by whom the funds are invested."

1895.

Friendly Societies Act, 1895.

Ch. 26.

m

9. — (1.) For sub-sections five, six, and seven of section seventeen Rate of of the principal Act shall be substituted the following' sub- interest, section : —

- " (5.) A society investing money with the Commissioners shall be entitled to a receipt entitling to. interest at the following rates: —

" To a friendly society legally established"'} before the twenty-eighth of July, oner thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, which had invested funds with the Commissioners before the twenty-third of July, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, a rate of interest in respect of any assurance made before the fifteenth of August, one thousand eight hundred and fifty, of -; - " To a friendly society legally established^) between the twenty-eighth of July, one ] thousand eight hundred and twenty- j eight, and the fifteenth of August, one j thousand eight hundred and fifty, which had invested funds with the Commis- [ sioners before the twenty-third of July, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, a rate of interest in respect of any assurance made before the fifteenth of August, one thousand eight hundred and fifty, of - -

" To a friendly society legally established before the twenty-eighth of June, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, which had invested funds with the Commissioners before the first day of January, one thousand eight f hundred and ninety-six, a rate of interest in respect of any assurance made on or before the said twenty-eighth day of June of - t; -

" To a society in respect of any investment with the Commissioners, other than as herein-before. mentioned, a rate of . interest of - - -

Threepence per centum per diem.

Twopence halfpenny per centum per diem.

Twopence per centum per diem.

Two pounds fifteen shillings per centum per annum/'

(2.) For sub-section ten of the same section shall be substituted; the following sub-section: — -

, (10.) A society having funds invested with the Commissioners at a rate higher than two pounds fifteen shillings per centum per annum shall retain at that rate so much only of its funds as arisen from assurances made before the date applicable to that rate* after deducting all benefit payments and management expenses incurred on account of such assurances; and whenever the society fails to satisfy the Commissioners of its "title to retain at that rate any part of its funds, the Commissioners shall require the with-

40

Ch. 2G.

Friendly Societies Act, 1895.

58 & 59 VICT.

drawal thereof, or the transfer thereof to the rate of twopence per centum per diem, or two pounds fifteen shillings per centum per annum, as the case may require, and in default of withdrawal within thirty days, shall transfer the same in their books accordingly, and shall notify such transfer to the society."

(3.) In sub-section eleven of the same section, after the words " twopence per centum per diem " shall be added the words " or " two pounds fifteen shillings per centum per annum, as the case may require."

Disputes. 10. — (1.) Section twenty-two of the principal Act, which relates

to the settlement of disputes, shall apply to every dispute between any person aggrieved who has for not more than six months ceased to be a member of a registered society, or any person claiming through such person aggrieved, and the society or an officer thereof, and accordingly in that section after the words " registered society," where they first occur, shall be added the words " or any person " aggrieved who has for not more than six months ceased to be a " member of a registered society, or any person claiming through " such person aggrieved."

(2.) At the end of proviso (d) of the same section shall be added: —

" but in the case of a society with branches the said forty days shall not begin to run until application has been made in succession to all the bodies entitled to determine the dispute under the registered rules of the society, so however that no rules shall require a greater delay than three months between each successive determination.' '

Amalgamation 11. After section twenty-four of the principal Act shall be of juvenile and added the following section : —

adult societies. « 24a. A society consisting wholly of members under twenty-one years of age, and a society or branch or branches of a society having members above twenty-one years of age, may, by resolutions registered in the manner required for the registration of an amendment of rules, become amalgamated together as one society or branch, or provide for distributing among several branches the members of a society consisting wholly of members under twenty-one years of age, and the provisions of section twenty-four shall not apply to such amalga-toation."

Societies with 12. At the end of section twenty-nine of the principal Act, relating to the registration of societies with branches, shall be added the following sub-section : —

" (8.) A branch that has wholly seceded or been expelled front a society shall not thereafter use the name of the society or any name implying that it is a branch thereof, or the number by which it is designated as such branch, and any officer or member thereof contravening this sub-section shall be guilty of an offence under this Acd"

Kwietieslintof reso^u^°" conv®rfc,a society into a branch may be

branches. passed by a majority, and accordingly, in sub-section one of section

1895.

Friendly Societies Act, 1895.

Ch. 26.

41

twenty-nine A of the principal Act, the words "a majority " shall be substituted for the words " three fourths."

14. To section twenty-nine B of the principal Act, enabling Contributions

registered societies to contribute to the funds and take part in the funds* oft0

management of other registered societies, the following paragraph other societies, shall be added: —

" This section shall in respect of contributing to the funds and taking part in the government of a medical society, that is to say, a society for the purpose of relief in sickness by providing medical attendance and medicine, extend to any registered trade union or branch of a registered trade union, and a society or trade union or branch shall not withdraw from contributing to the funds of any' such medical society except on three months notice to the society and on payment of all contributions accrued or accruing due to the date of the expiration of the notice."

15. At the end of section thirty of the principal Act, which Collecting relates to collecting societies, shall be added the words following: — societies.

"The last words in the name of any friendly society to which this section applies, and which is registered on or after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, shall be ‘ collecting society.' "

16. After section thirty-one of the principal Act shall be added Subscriptions

the following section: — not^recorer-

"31a. Except as provided by section thirty-one of this Act, the subscription of a person being or having been a member of a registered society shall not be recoverable at law."

17. In paragraph (d) of sub-section one of section forty-one Application to of the principal Act, which regulates the application of the Act to *he Channel the Channel Islands, for the words " bailiff of the parish " shall be Is n substituted the words " constable of the parish."

18. In the Second Schedule to the principal Act, which specifies Amendment of the matters to be provided for by the rules of registered societies, 88 *

the words " and the consequences of non-payment of any subscrip- * tion or fine," shall be added at the end of paragraph (2) of the said schedule.

19. - — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Friendly Societies Act, Short title,

1895. 'U i construction,

(2.) This Act shall be construed with the Friendly Societies Acts, and printins‘ 1875 to 1893.

(3.) The principal Act shall, as from the commencement of this Act, take' effect subject to the additions, omissions, and substitutions required by this Act.

(4.) Any copy of the principal Act printed after the passing of this Act under the authority of the Queen's Printer may be printed with the additions, omissions, and substitutions required by this .

Act.

20. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of mern^fAct January one thousand eight hundred aud ninety-six.

42

Ch. 27.

Market Gardeners' Compensation 58 & 59 Vict Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to extend and amend the provisions of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, so far as they relate to Market Gardens. [6th July 1895.]

"DE.it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title and 1. This Act may be cited as the Market Gardeners' Compensation construction, Aqit, 1895, and shall be read and construed as part of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, herein-after called the principal Act, as amended by the Tenants Compensation Act, 1890.

Commence- 2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January ment of Act. one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, which date is hereinafter referred to as the commencement of this Act.,

Amendment 3. Where after the commencement of this Act it is agreed in

and extension writing that a holding shall be let or treated as a market garden, of46&47 Vict. .. , K i n v rv ,

c. 61. as to im- the following provisions shall nave effect;

prbyements' (1.) The provisions of section thirty-four of the principal Act n^iTmaTt t* shall extend to every fixture or building affixed or erected by

garden^ * the tenant to or upon such holding for the purposes of his trade

dr business of a market gardener.

(2.) The improvements numbered (1) " erection or enlargement . , of buildings," .(6) " making of gardens," and (11) " planting of

orchards or fruit bushes," in Part L of the First Schedule to

the principal Act shall, as far as regards such holding/cease to be comprised in the said schedule.

(3.) The following improvements shall as far as regards such holding be deemed to be comprised in Part III. of the said schedule _ y

f - (i.) Planting of standard or other fruit trees permanently

set out;

(ii.) Planting of fruit bushes permanently set out ?'

, - (iii.) Planting of strawberry plants;

(iv.) Planting of asparagus and other vegetable crops; 1 ,a Erection or enlargement of buildings for the purposes

of the trade or business of a market gardener.

1, (4.) Section fifty-six of the principal Act shall be read and construed as if the words " with the consent in writing of his landlord " were not included therein.

H (5.) It shall he lawful for the tenant. to .remove, all fruit trees; <.and. fruit bushes planted by him on the holding and not peri

,< Hianently set out; but if the tenant shall not remove such fruit trees and fruit bushes before the termination of his jviyj tenancy, such fruit trees and fruit bushes shall remain the property of the landlord, and the tenant shall not be entitled to any compensation in respect thereof.

1895.

Market Gardeners' Compensation Act, 1895.

Ch. 27, 28.

43

4. Where, under a contract of tenancy current at the com- Application to mencement of this Act, a holding is at that date in use or cultivation currenl

as a market garden with the knowledge of the landlord, and the tenancies-tenant thereof has then executed thereon, without having received previously to the execution thereof any written notice of dissent by the landlord, any of the improvements in respect of which a right of compensation or removal is given to a tenant by this Act, then the provisions of this Act shall apply in respect of such holding, as if it had been agreed in writing after the commencement of this Act that the holding should be let or treated as a market garden.

5. Any compensation payable under this Act shall as regards to

land belonging to Her Majesty the Queen, Her heirs and successors, s

in right of the Crown or in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Duchies of as regards land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, be paid in aDd

the same manner and out of the same- funds respectively as if it were payable in respect of an improvement mentioned in the first part of the First Schedule to the principal Act, except that as regards land belonging to Her Majesty the Queen, Her heirs and successors, in right of the Crown, compensation for planting strawberry plants, and asparagus and other vegetable crops shall be paid in the same manner and out of the same funds as if it were payable in respect of an improvement mentioned in the third' part ) of the said' Schedule.

. 6. For the purposes of the principal Act and of this Act the Interpretation, expression " market garden " shall mean a holding or that part of a holding which is cultivated wholly or mainly for the. purpose of the trade or business :of market gardening, p

CHAPTER 28.

An ^pt to prohibit ,the giving Palse Alarms of Pirfcs.

[6th July 1895.]

BE it, enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and' Consent of the Lords. Spiritual and jTemporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,as follows I.

I. Any person knowingly giving, or causing to be given a false False alarms alarm of fire to the fire brigade of any town or parish outside the of fire‘ metropolitan area or to any officer thereof, whether by means of a street fire alar in, statement, message, or otherwise, Shall be; deemed to he guilty of an offence' punishable on summary conviction, and shall, on conviction for' such offence by a court of summary jurisdiction, be liable for every such offence to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

Ch. 27. Market Gardeners' Compensation 58 & 59 Vict

Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to extend and amend the provisions of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, so far as they relate to Market Gardens. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and bfcn with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title and i. This Act may be cited as the Market Gardeners' Compensation

construction. ^et, 1895, and shall be read and construed as part of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, herein-after called the principal Act, as amended by the Tenants Compensation Act, 1890.

Commence- 2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January ment of Act. one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, which date is hereinafter referred to as the commencement of this Act.

Amendment and extension of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 61. as to improvements executed in or, upon market gardens.

3. Where after the commencement of this Act it is agreed in writing that a holding shall be let or treated as a market garden, the following provisions shall have effect

(l:) The provisions of section thirty-four of the principal Act shall extend to every fixture or building affixed or erected by the tenant to or upon such holding for the purposes of his trade or business of a market gardener. . -. wsi' -

(2.) The improvements numbered (1) " erection or enlargement of buildings," (6) "making of gardens," and (11) planting of : orchards or fruit bushes," in Part I. of the First Schedule to the principal Act shall, as far as regards such holding; ceaseto be comprised in the said schedule.

(3.) The following improvements shall as far as regards such holding be deemed to be comprised in Part III. of the said Schedule: — ,

(i.) Planting of standard or other fruit trees permanently set out;' -

(ii.) Planting of fruit bushes permanently set out;

(iii.) Planting of strawberry plants; -

(iv.) Planting of asparagus and other vegetable crops; j (v.) Erection or enlargement of buildings for the purposes of the trade or business of a market gardener.

1(, (4.) Section fifty-six of the principal Act shall* be read and construed as if the words " with the consent in writing of his landlord " were not included therein.

... (5.). It shall be lawful for the ten ant. to remove all fruit trees , ;and , fruit , bushes, planted by him on the holding and not per* nianently set out; but if the tenant shall not remove such fruit trees and fruit bushes before the termination of his gft Li tenancy, such fruit trees and. fruit bushes shall remain the property of the landlord, and the tenant shall not be entitled to any compensation in respect thereof.

1895.

Market Gardeners' Compensation Act, 1895.

Ch. 27, 28.

43

4. Where, under a contract of tenancy current at the com- Application to mencement of this Act, a holding is at that date in use or cultivation curren*

as a market garden with the knowledge of the landlord, and the tenan Ie" tenant thereof has then executed thereon, without having received previously to the execution thereof any written notice of dissent by the landlord, any of the improvements in respect of which a right of compensation or removal is given to a tenant by this. Act, then the provisions of this Act shall apply in respect of such holding, as if it Had been agreed in writing after the commencement of this Act that the holding should be let or treated as a market garden.

5. Any compensation payable under this Act shall as regards As to

land belonging to Her Majesty the Queen, Her heirs and successors, belonging to^ in right of the Crown or in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Dachies of as regards land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, be paid in and

the same manner and out of the same- funds respectively as if it were payable in respect of an improvement mentioned in the first part of the First Schedule to the principal Act, except that as regards land belonging to Her Majesty the Queen, Her heirs and successors, in right of the Crown, compensation for planting strawberry plants and asparagus and other vegetable crops shall be paid in the same manner and out of the same funds as if it were payable in respect of an improvement mentioned in the third part of the said schedule.

. 6. For the purposes of the principal Act and of this Act the Interpretation, expression i " market garden " shall mean a holding or that part of a holding which is cultivated wholly or mainly for the. purpose of the trade or business :of market gardening.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to prohibit the giving Talse Alarms of Tires.

[6th July 1695.]

BE it, enacted, by the Queen's most Excellent Mmesfcyy by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and jTemporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority pif the same, as follows f I.

I. Any person knowingly giving or causing to be given a false False alarms alarm of fire to the fire brigade of any town or parish outside the of e' metropolitan area or to any officer thereof, , whether by means of a street fire alarnC statement, message, dr otherwise, shall be' deemed to be guilty of an offence punishable on summary conviction, attd shall, on conviction'for, such offence by a court of summary jurisdiction, be liable for every such offence to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

44

Ch. 28, 29.

False Alarms of Fire Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

Evidence on 2. In any proceeding against any person for an offence under

accused^ section one of this Act such person shall be competent but not

compellable to give evidence, and. the wife of such person may be required to attend to give evidence as an ordinary witness in the case, and shall be competent but not compellable to give evidence.

3. The provisions of this Act relative to giving a false alarm of fire by means of a street fire alarm shall not apply to any burgh or police burgh in Scotland in which a person who wantonly rings a fire alarm is liable to a penalty under the provisions of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or of any local Police Act.

Application of the Act to Scotland.

55 & 56 Vict. o. 55.

Short title. 4. This Act may be cited as the False Alarms of Fire Act, 1895.

menTS^ct This Act shall come into operation on the first day of August

one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five.

CHAPTER 29.

Ar> Act to amend the Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1891, by providing the right of appeal in certain cases.

[6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : 1

1. It shall be lawful for any party who may consider himself aggrieved by any decision which has been or shall hereafter be made by the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, whereby the close time for salmon fishing in any district, river, or lake has been altered pursuant to the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842, and any enactment amending the same, to appeal to the Lord Lieutenant in Council against such decision; provided that such appeal, if made against a decision pronounced after the passing of this Act, shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Privy Council within one month from the publication of the decision appealed against in the Dublin Gazette, and if made against a decision pronounced before the passing of this Act, shall be so lodged within three months from the passing of this Act, and provided that no decision made before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, shall be questioned under the provisions of this section.

Mode of 2. Every such appeal shall be brought in like manner as appeals

under the ninety-second section of the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842.

Evidence 3. Upon such appeal it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant in

Council to receive such evidence as may be offered in support thereof or of the decision appealed against, and to alter, confirm, or

Appeal as to alteration of close time.

5 & 6 Vict. o. 106.

1895.

Fisheries Close Season (Ireland) Act, 1895.

Ch. 29, 30.

45

rescind such decision and to make such new rale or order in lieu thereof as he may deem expedient.

4. Any rule or order so made and any decision appealed against Time when and so confirmed or varied shall commence and take effect at the expiration of six weeks from the date of the publication of the result have effect, of such appeal in the Dublin Gazette and not sooner, anything contained in the thirty-ninth section, of the Fisheries (Ireland) Act,

1848, to the contrary notwithstanding, and until the expiration of 11 & 12 Vict* such time as aforesaid the close time in force when the decision c‘ appealed against was pronounced shall continue to be the close time in the district, river, or lake affected thereby.

5. The provisions of the thirty-fifth section of the Fisheries Provisions

(Ireland) Act, 1842, shall apply to such rule, order, or decision in to

like manner as if the same were a decision of the Inspectors of Irish decision. Fisheries within the meaning of that section.

6. This Act shall extend to Ireland only and may be cited as the Extent and Fisheries Close Season (Ireland) Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1S93. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be cited as the Industrial and Provident Short title. Societies (Amendment) Act, 1895. This Act and the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1893 and 1894,maybe cited together as the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1895.

2. In all proceedings in winding up a society in Scotland under Proceedings in the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893, the court having Scotland, jurisdiction shall be the sheriff court.

3. For sub-section one of section seven of the Industrial and Appeals. Provident Societies Act, 1893, shall be substituted the following 56 & 57 viot-sub-section: — r..

(1.) If the registrar refuses to register the society, or any rules or amendments of rules, the society may appeal from such refusal as follows: —

(a) in England, to the High Court;

(b) in Scotland or Ireland, to the chief registrar, and if he refuses to the Court of Session in Scotland or to the High Court in Ireland.

46 Ch. 30, 31. Industrial and Provident Societies 58 & 59 Vict.

(Amendment) Act, 1895.

4. All copies of the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893, printed after the passing of this Act by any of the several printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty duly authorised to print the statutes of the United Kingdom, shall be printed with the substitution required by this Act.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six^ and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. [6th July 1895.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that1 it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

* / Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

Issue of 1.- The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the

14,534,875/. United "Kingdom of1 Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards CcmsolkUited Taking good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of VuncL * a the year' eliding' on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, the sum of fourteen million five hundred and thirty-four thousand eight hundred and seventy-five pounds..

Power for the 2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of Treasury to England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum,* any/, sum or sums, nob exceeding in the. whole the sum of fourteen million' five-hundred and thirtyribur thousand* eight hundred and seventy-five pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period hot later than the'next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Printing of future copies of principal Act.

1895;-

Appropriation Act, 1895.

Ch. 31.

47

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said -Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner'in which such' fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All ritrrls granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned Appropriatioa in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated of sums ted Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty," Ser4cesfand amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate; to the of sums sum of thirty-three million Seventy-eight thousand six hundred appliedas and fifty-two pounds nine shillings and twopence are appro- S1"10DS priated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from

the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the . same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be s4 & 55 Vict. applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services c- 24-and purposes specified in Schedule B. annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for Treasury may, in the sums appropriated to naval and militarv services by this Act, in oert*m

a l Jl l # . it * " ' C3.SGS 01

and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone exigency, until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual authorise course, each of the departments entrusted with the control over the expenditure said services shall forthwith make application in writing to the for; provided Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily .such expen- that the aggre-diture out of any surpluses which may have been or which may ^en^aDts for be effected by . the saving . of expenditure upon votes within the services and same department, and in such application the department shall for army represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render such respectively be additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury may not exceeded, authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid' to Tie temporarily defrayed out' of . any. surpluses which may'have3 been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon Votes within the same department; and a statement showing all-, cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the 'sanction of the Treasury, to any; expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations madd tO them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the -appropriation accounts of navy and army services- for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be

48

Ch. 31.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

58 & 59 Vict,

made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

Short title. 6. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation

Act, 1895.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appro* priated.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

£ e. d.

Grants ont of the Consolidated Fund ... 33,078,652 9 2

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation op Grants.

1893-94-95. Navy Excess, 1893-91 Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ s. d. 49,519 9 2 £

Navy (Supplementary), 1894-95 - 200,000 0 0* 69,000t

Army (Ordnance Factories) Supplementary, 1894-95 100 0 0 140,000

Civil Services and Keveaue Departments (Supplementary), 1894-95 - 302,290 0 0 25,660

551,909 9 2 96,660

* This sum of 200,000l. includes a sum of 69,000l., representing an unrealised portion of the total sum of 1,005,613/. appropriated in aid of the charges of the Navy Services ^U+'n;D year ended on the 31st day of March 1895 by the Appropriation Act, 1894.

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

Ch. 31.

49

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1895-96. £ 8. d. £

Part 5. Navy 8,549,500 0 0 168,523

£ /Army - 10,003,000 0 0 1,190,300

99 v# 1 Army (Ordnance Factories) 100 0 0 2,243,000

, 7. Oivil Services, Class X. - i 1,345,725 0 0 34,432

, 8. Ditto, Class II. - 1 954,613 0 0 —

, 9. Ditto, Class III. - 1,758,500 0 0 —

,io. Ditto, Class IV. - 5,086,005 0 0 —

, 11. Ditto, Class V. - 1 460,000 0 0 —

, 12. Ditto, Class "VT. - 406,300 0 0 —

, 13. Ditto, Class VII. - ' 83,000 0 0

Total Civil Services - 10,094,143 0 0 34,432

, 14. Revenue Departments, &c. - 3,880,000 0 0

Grand Total 33,078,652 9 2 3,732,915

SCHEDULE (A.) Soma*. <a.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the years ending 31st March 1894 and £ s. d.

1895: —

Under Act 58 Vict. c. 4. - 551,909 9 2

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1896 : —

Under Act 58 Vict. c. 4. - - - 10,136,600 0 0

Under Act 58 Vict. c. 15. - 7,855,268 0 0

Under this Act ..... - - 14,534,875 0 0

Total - £33,078,652 9 2

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1. Schhd. (B.)

Navy Excess, 1893-94. . ,T Pa"t l

, Navy Excess.

Sum granted to make good the excess of net expenditure £ s. d. beyond the ordinary Navy grants for the year ended 31st March 1894 49,519 9 2

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2. Son&m (B.)

Part 2.

Navy Supplementary, 1894-95. Nav Supple_

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure for Navy Services for the year mentary, ended on the 31st day of March 1895; viz.: — 1894-95.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance,

&c. £ s. d. £

Sec. 1. — Personnel - - 26,000 0 0 13,000*

Sec. 2. — Materiel 158,000 0 0 56,000*

Works, Buildings, and Repairs - - at home and abroad 16,000 0 0-

Total - - - £ 200,000 0 0 69,000*

* Deficit.

D

50

Ch. 31.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

58 & 59 Vict.

Schf.d. (B.)

Part 3. Army (Ordnance Factories'), 1894-95.

Sched. (B.) Part 4.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1894-95.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Army (Ordnance Factories) (Supplementary), 1894-95.

Supply Appropriations

Grants. . in Aid. (

Supplementary Sum granted to meet Additional Expenditure for Army Ordnance Factories for £ £

the year ended 31st March 1895 - 100 140,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1894-95.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1895; viz.: —

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class I.

Houses of Parliament Buildings -Class II.

Foreign Office -

Colonial Office -

Mercantile Marine Fund (Grant in Aid) »

Board of Supervision for Relief of the Poor in Scotland (now Local Government Board (Scotland) ) j - -

Class III.

Law Charges, England - Pj -Miscellaneous Legal Expenses - -

County Courts - . - - - n -

Law Charges and Courts of Law, Scotland -Register House, Edinburgh -

Class IV.

Public Education, England and Wales

National Portrait Gallery - -

London University - - *

Class V.

Slave Trade Services - - -

Cyprus, Grant in Aid - - ;- ,

Class VI.

Superannuation and Retired Allowances

Class VnU Temporary Commissions -Relief of Distress, Ireland ...

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Inland Revenue -

Total, Civil Services and \ Revenue Departments X

14,000

7,300

1.500

2.500

496

16,570

7.000 10

5,125

500

136,189

90

10

500

29.000

24,000

14.000

35.000

8,500

5,000

20,000

660

302,290

25,660

1895.

Ch. 81,

Appropriation Act, 1895.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropriations

Grants. in Aid.

No. £ 1 £

1. For wages, &c. to 88,850 officers, seamen, and boys, coastguard, and royal marines - 4,133,500 128,883

2. For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad ' 100,000* ji ..

3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad 20,000* ,*) r.)

' 4. For martial law, &c., including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad - 1,000!(; .

5. For educational services - 5,000*

6. For scientific services - - - 4,000*

7. For the expense of the-royal naval reserve,' reserve of-retired officers, seamen and marine pensioners, and royal naval artillery volunteers - - 20,000*

8. Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, " including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad ---- 100,000*

, Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, , including the cost of establishments of 1 dockyards and naval yards at home and 1 abroad 250,000*)

, Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c. - 3,416,000 39,640

9. For naval armaments - - i 150,000* —

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence,1 purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith 50,000*

11. For miscellaneous effective services - 50,000* —

12. For the expense of the Admiralty Office - | 20,000* .,

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines 50,000*

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allowances - 100,000*

15. For civil pensions and gratuities - - | 30,000* * fl —

16. For the expense necessary to be provided for under the arrangement made between the Imperial and Australasian Govern- | xnents for. the protection of floating trade in Australasian waters 50,000*

Total Navy Services 8,549,500 168,523

Sched. (B.) Part 5, Navy.

* On account.

Ch. 81.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

58 & 59 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Part 6.

Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

No.

1. For the pay, allowances, and other charges of

Her Majesty's army at home and abroad . (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments, and reserve (to a number not exceeding 85,000), and departments

2. For the medical establishments and cost of

medicines -

3. For the pay and allowances (exclusive of sup-

- plies, clothing, &c.) of the militia (to a number not exceeding 135,473, including 30,000 militia reserve) - - -

4. For the pay and miscellaneous charges of the

yeomanry cavalry -

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous

charges of volunteer corps, including pay, | &c., of the permanent staff - - -

6. For the expense of transport and remounts

7. .For provisions, forage, and other supplies

8. For clothing establishments and services

9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other stores - - -

10. For the Royal Engineer superintending staff,

and expenditure for Royal Engineer works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases) - -

11. For establishments for military education

12. For miscellaneous effective services

13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office - -

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-effective charges for officers and others

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, for rewards for, meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions to the widows and children of warrant officers, exclusive of charges on India -16. For superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allowances, and gratuities

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropriations

Grants. in Aid.

6,003,000 I 1,190,300

100,000*

200,000*|

30,000*

270,000*

210,000*

900,000*

280,000*

550,000* —

Total Army Services

320,000*|

40,000*

20,000*

SO,000*

500,000*

450,000*

50,000*

10,003,000 1,190,300

* On account.

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

Ch. 31.

53

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Army (Ordnance Factories). £ £

For the expense of the ordnance factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments - - 100 2,243,000

Total Army Services (including Ordnance \ Factories) - £ J 10,003,100 3,433,300

SCHED. (B.) Pabt 6. Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7. . Sched. (b.)

Past 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I. Civil Services.

- . . Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces £ £

and Marlborough House ... 2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens (in- 34,500 1,250

eluding a supplementary sum of 6,0001.) 3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of 108,000 4,291

Parliament buildings ... 34,825 350

4. For the extension of the Admiralty buildings - 5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, viz.. County Courts, Metropolitan Police Courts, and Sheriff Court 24,200 800

Houses, Scotland 6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science 56,600 3,411

buildings, Great Britain ... 7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance 28,000 10

of certain cemeteries abroad 8. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, including furnituro, fuel, and sun- 22,000 1,525

dry miscellaneous services -9. For expenditure in respect of sundry public^ buildings in Great Britain not provided for 400,000 7,695

on other votes - - 10. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for minor services connected therewith 11. For maintaining certain harbours, lighthouses, 217,600 15,100

100,000*

&c. under the Board of Trade 12. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at 6,000*; *

Peterhead . , - . -On account 7,000*1

9

Ch. 31.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

58 & 59 Vict.

Sghed. (B.) Part 6. Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

Supply Appropriations Grants. in Aid.

1. For the pay, allowances, and other charges of

Her Majesty's army at home and abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments, and reserve (to a number not exceeding 85,000), and departments

2. For the medical establishments and cost of

medicines - - -

3. For the pay and allowances (exclusive of sup-

. plies, clothing, &c.) of the militia (to a number not exceeding 135,473, including 30,000 militia reserve) -

4. For the pay and miscellaneous charges of the

yeomanry cavalry - -

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous

charges of volunteer corps, including pay, &c., of the permanent staff -

6. For the expense of transport and remounts

7. .For provisions, forage, and other supplies

8. For clothing establishments and services

9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other

stores - - -

10. For the Royal Engineer superintending staff,

and expenditure for Royal Engineer works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases) . - -

11. For establishments for military education

12. For miscellaneous effective services

13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-effective charges for officers and others

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the

in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of. lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of . pensions, for rewards for. meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions to the widows and children of warrant officers, exclusive of charges on India -

16. For superannuation, compensation, and com-

passionate allowances, and gratuities

Total Army Services - £

6,003,000

1,190,300

100,000*

200,000*!

30,000*

270,000*

210,000*

900,000*

280,000*'

550,000* (

320,000*

40,000*

20,000*

SO,000*

500,000*

450,000*!

50,000*

10,003,000

* On account,

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

Ch. 31.

53

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropriations

Grants. in Aid.

Abmy (Okdnance Factories). £ £

For the expense of the ordnance factories, the

cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Govern- 2,243,000

ments - - 100

Total Army Services (including Ordnance\\ Factories) - £ j 10,003,100 3,433,300

SCHED. (B.) Part 6. Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7. Sohed. (b.)

Pam 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I. Civil Services.

Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment duiing the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropriations

Grants. in Aid. r '

No. 1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces £ £

and Marlborough House ... 2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens (in- 34,500 1,250

eluding a supplementary sum of 6,000/!.) 3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of 108,000 4,291

Parliament buildings ... 34,825 350

4. For the extension of the Admiralty buildings - 5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, viz.. County Courts, Metropolitan Police Courts, and Sheriff Court 24,200 800

Houses, Scotland 6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science 56,600 .3,411

buildings. Great Britain ... 7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance 28,000 10

of certain cemeteries abroad 8. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, including furnituro, fuel, and sun- 22,000 1,525

dry miscellaneous services - -9. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for 400,000 7,69$

on other votes ..... 10. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and 217,600 15,100

for minor services connected therewith 11. For maintaining certain harbours, lighthouses. 100,000*

&c. under the Board of Trade 12. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at 6,000* *

Peterhead . , - . ' On account. 7,000*1 mmmm

54

Oh. .31.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

58 & 59 Vict

St HED. (B.) Pakt 7.

Civil Services. Class I.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropriations

No. Grants. in Aid.

13. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, i &c., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government £ £

property department -14. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the main-, tenance of certain parks and public works, for drainage works on the Rivers Shannon 194,000*

and Suck - -15. For payments under the Tramways and Public! Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light 75,000*

Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1S89 and 1893 38,000* 72

Total Civil Services, Class 1. - £ | 1,345,725 34,432

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8. "

Past 8.

LCivfl Services. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class Hi

Class IL .

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations iu aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will ' come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropriations

Grants. in Aid.

No.; . . 1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the £ I 18,000* £

House of Lords - -2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the - livXl

House of Commons - -3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate , 24,000*

departments -4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home 39,000*

Department and subordinate offices -5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign 44,000* oi

Affairs - - -6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain 28,000*

expenses connected with Emigration 7. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy 18,000* i

Council and for quarantine expenses * On account. 6,000* —

1805.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

Ch. 31.

55)

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and I subordinate departments - - - I

9. For a grant in aid of the Mercantile Marine Fund

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from

fees, <fec. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies Winding-up Act, 1890 - - - '

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of

Agriculture, and for defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in matters of Inclosure and Land Improvement and for paying certain grants in aid - - -

12. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Com-

mission for England and Wales, including the Endowed Schools department -

13. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service

Commission - - i - - I-

14. For salaries and expenses of the department of

the Comptroller and Auditor General

15. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies - . - - - 1

16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern-

ment Board - - . - -

17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of the coinage -

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office - -

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England -

21. For salaries and expensesof the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

75,000* »

30,000* i

3*

6o;oooo* —

20,000* —

17,000*

24,000* —

2,900* , — <j'i M

80,000* —

5,000* '

10*

7,000*

9,000*

4,300*

22. For salaries and expenses of the department

of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in

England * - 1 16,000*

23. For stationery, printing, and paper, binding,

and printed books, for the public service, I and for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including the reports of Parliamentary Debates - - - 250,000*

24. For salaries and expenses of the office of

Her Majesty's Woods,' Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments ... 9,000*

Sched. (B.) Pakt 8. Civil Services. Class H.

* On account.

56

CH. 31.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

58 & 59 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Part 8.

Civil Services. Class n.

1 Sums not exceeding

I Supply / appropriations

Grants. in Aid.

No. £ £

25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings - - 24,000*

26. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services - - | 16,000* i -

27. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices - '' ' - - - 5,000*

28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers 12,000*

or quays - —

29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland ..... - 2,500* —

30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland ..... 2,500*

31. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board for Scotland, and for expenses under the Public Health Acts, Infectious Diseases Notification Act, Vaccination Act, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and Burgh Police (Scotland) Act and Local Government Scotland Act, 1894 5,500*

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland - 2,500* —

33. For'salarieB and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments ... 17,000*

34. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland - 900*

35. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland, including certain grants in aid of local taxation 50,000*

36. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Dublin 2,500* j

37. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland 15,000s1 Is

38. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., and for expenses of collecting agricultural and other statistics in Ireland - 7,000* *

39. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland O o o it ;

Total Civil Services, Class II. - JE 954,613 —

* On account.

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

Ch. 31.

57

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations iD aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sams not exceeding

Supply Appropriations Grants. in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers' department,

the salaries and expenses of the department j of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen's Proctor, and j Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of | prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings j and of Parliamentary Agency - -

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses -

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the

Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

4. For - the salaries and expenses of the land registry -

5. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts

6. For salaries and expenses of the police courts i

of London and Sheerness

7. For the salaries of the Commissioner, and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary

8. For the expenses of the prisons in England,

Wales, and the Colonies

9. For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile

offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of the Inspectors of Reformatories - -

10. For the maintenance of criminal lunutics in

Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum

11. For salaries and expenses of tho Lord Advo-

cate's department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland

12. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her

Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh ----

13. For the expenses of the Establishment of the

Crofters' Commission -

14. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners

for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial statistics -

48,000*

21,000*1

150,000*

3,500*

11,000*)

2,000*

18,000*

240,000*

140,000*

14,000*

40,000*

.16,000*

2,500*

I

40,000*,

SCHED. (B.) Pabt 9.

Civil Services. Class III.

* On account.

58

Ch. 31.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

58 & 59 Vict:

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9. Civil Services. Class III.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropriations

No; 15. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and | Grants. 1 in Aid.

£ £

other law charges in Ireland - - - j 16. For such of the salaries and expenses of the i Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not ' 30,000*

charged on the Consolidated Fund -17. For the salaries and expenses of the office of 50,000* —

the Irish Land Commission - . 18. For the salaries, allowances, expenses, and pensions of various county court officers, divisional commissioners, and of magistrates 33,000*

in Ireland, and the expenses of revision 19. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, of the police courts and of the 54,000*

metropolitan police establishment of Dublin 38,000* —

20. For - the expenses of the Royal Irish Con-

stabulary - - . 21. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual 700,000*

criminals - -22. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial 50,000* p*

schools in Ireland ..... 23. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in 55,000*

Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland 2,500* — *

Total Civil Services, Class III. - £ | 1,758,500

Schbd. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

Past 10.

Civil Services CIVIL-SERVICES. — Class IV.

Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 81st day of March 1896; viz.: — ‘‘

No.

1. For public education in England and Wales,

including the expenses of the Education: Office in London - -

2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of

Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith -

3. For salaries and expenses of the British

Museum, including the amount required for the Natural History Museum -

* On account.'

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

3,450,000* —

332,000* : —

74,000*

1895.

Appropriation Ad, 1895.

Ch. 81.

5.9;

No.

4. For salaries and expenses of the National

Gallery - * ' * ' ' p .

5. For salaries and expenses of the National

Portrait Gallery - - -

6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific inves-

tigafcion, &o. in the United Kingdom .

7. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain

Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and expenses under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889 - -

8. For salaries and expenses of the University of

London . - --

9. For public education in Scotland -

10. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manu-

factures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of. tha National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland -

11. For public education under the Commissioners

of National Education in Ireland

12. For the expenses of the Office of the Commis-

sioners for managing certain school endowments in Ireland .....

13. For salaries and expenses of the National

Gallery of Ireland, and for the purchase of pictures -, -

14: For a grant in aid of the expenses.of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland - -

Total Civil Services, Class IV. - £

SCHED. (B.)

Past 10. Civil Services. Class IV.

40,000*

i - E.«U4|H

. 660,000* I , t . , | \asqmoO

1,900* t - it J I ' \

600,000* —

400* —

l1 AID i,2oo*: — : ..

2,500*1 '

5,086,005 I

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11. Sched. (b.)

Pabt 1 7

CIVIL SERVICE S. Class V. Civil Servic'es.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as Class V. appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropriations

No. 1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and Grants. in Aid.

£ £

missions abroad, and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote 420,000*

2.- For a grant in aid of expenses connected with

the British Protectorate in Uganda and in Central Africa - 30,000*

* On account.

60

G h. 31.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

58 & 59 Vict.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11. Civil Services. Glass V.

Sched. (B.)

Part 14. Civil Services. Class VI.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 3. For sundry colonial services, including certain grants in aid and expenses incurred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875, and certain charges connected with South £ £

Africa ..... 4. For a grant in aid of the revenue of the Island 55,000*

of Cyprus ..... 5. For the expenses in connection with the suppression of the slave trade, and the main- 34,000*

tenance of certain Liberated Africans 6. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Com- 2,000* —

panics -7. For a grant to the Imperial British East Africa Company on their retirement from East Africa and for a grant in aid of the expenses 39,000*

of administration in British East Africa 80,000 —

Total Civil Services, Class V. - £ 460,000 — .

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

No.

1. For superannuation, retired, and compassionate

allowances and gratuities tinder sundry Statutes, and for certain compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury and for the salaries of medical referees -

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the

merchant service, and to their widows and children -

3. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allow-

ances in Great Britain ...

4. For a grant in aid of the local cost of main-

tenance of pauper lunatics in Ireland

5. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain mis-

cellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland

Total Civil Services, Class VI. - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

275,000* —

4,000* —

1,300* —

115,000* —

11,000* —

406,300 —

* On account.

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895.

Ch. 31.

61

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13. Sched. (B.)

, Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. Class VII. Civil Services.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as Class VII. appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: — _<

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and other expenses of temporary

commissions and committees, including special inquiries -

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses

3. For grants in aid of expenditure upon certain

public works and for improved communications and other purposes within the Highlands and Islands of Scotland - -

4. For certain expenditure in connection v. ith

the relief of distress in Ireland

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

20,000* 2,000*

17,000* —

44,000* —

83,000

SCHEDULE (B.) -Part 14. SoHBD. (B-)

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c. , Pabt 14‘

Revenue

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as Departments, appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the &c. several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs

Department -

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue

Department - - -

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office

sorvices, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue .....

4. For the Post Office packet service

5. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office

telegraph service -

Total Revenue Departments - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply ] Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

220,000* —

470,000* —

1,800,000*1

190,000* .. . jflg

1,200,000* —

3,880,000 | - —

* On aecouut.

62

Oh, 32.

Local Government (Stock Transfer) 58 & 59 Vier Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to amend the Local Government Act, 1894, so far as regards the transfer of any stock, share, or security standing in the name of, or dividends payable to, a local authority. [6th July 18951]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —

Alteration of name on transfer of stock standing in the name of local authority.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 53.

1. — (1.) Where any stock is standing in the books of any company in the name of any local authority the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a.) If by virtue of the Local Government Act, 1894, or anything done under that Act or the Local Government Act, 1888, the name of the local authority is changed, then upon the request of such authority and the production of a statutory declaration by the clerk of the authority specifying the stock, and verifying the change of name and identity of the authority, the company shall enter such stock in the new name of the local authority in like manner as if the stock had been transferred to the authority under that name, and pay to that authority all dividends accrued and to accrue due thereon: <S (b.) If by virtue of the Local Government Act, 1894, or anything done under that Act or the Local Government Act, 1888, any other local authority becomes entitled to the stock or any dividends thereon, a certificate of the clerk of the county council, or the order or award under which the local authority becomes so entitled, shall be a sufficient authority to the company to transfer the stock into the name of the local authority specified in that behalf in the order, award, - or certificate, and to pay the dividends to such authority: , (c.) If in any other ease any other local authority is entitled to the stock or any dividends thereon, the court may on application make an order vesting in such authority or person as, the court may direct, the right to transfer the. said stock, or pay such dividends, to the authority in or to whom the same ought to be vested or paid, and the Trustee Act, 1893, shall apply in like manner as if the vesting order were made under section thirty-five of that Act.

(2.) In this Act —

" A local authority" includes any urban qr,.rural sanitary authority, council of a borough, improvement commissioners, local board, urban district council, rural district council, board of guardians, highway board, burial board, parish council, overseers, churchwardens and overseers, and chairman of a parish meeting and overseers:$

" County council " includes the council of a county borough:

1895.

\ Local Government (Stock Transfer) Ch. 32, 33. $3

Act, 1895.

L " Order of a county council" means an order made either by a county council or by any joint committee of county councils, and, if such order requires confirmation by the Local Government Board, means , the. order as confirmed by that Board:$

" Company includes the Bank of England, and any;company or person keeping; books in which any'stock is registered!:

" Stock " includes any share, annuity, or other security.

(3.) The jurisdiction of the court under this Act may be exercised by the High Court, or in cases within the jurisdiction of a palatine court or county court, by that court.

2. This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Stock Short title.. Transfer) Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to amend the Extradition Acts, 1870 and 1873, so far as respects the Magistrate by whom and the Place in which the Case may be heard and the1 Criminal held in Custody. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and -L) with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, apd-by the authority of the,same, as follows:

' 1. — (1.) Where a fugitive criminal has been apprehended in Hearmg«ase pursuance of a warrant under section eight of the Extradition Act, thana^Bow 1870, and a Secretary of State on representation made by or on street, behalf of the criminal is of opinion that his removal for the 33 & 34 Vict : purpose of his case being heard at Bow Street will be dangerous °‘52* to his life or prejudicial to his health, the Secretary of State, if it appears to him consistent with the Order in Council under the Extradition Act, 1870, applicable to the case, may in his discretion by order, stating the reasons for such opinion, direct the, case to be heard before such magistrate as is named in the order, and at the place in the United Kingdom at which the criminal was apprehended, or for the time being is.

(2.) The magistrate may be, if the place is in England, a metropolitan police magistrate or a stipendiary magistrate, and if it is in Scotland, a sheriff or sheriff-substitute, and if it is in Ireland, any stipendiary magistrate, and the magistrate hearing the case in pursuance of the order shall for that purpose be deemed to be a police magistrate within the meaning of the Extradition Act, 1870, and also shall have the same jurisdiction, duties, and powers, as near as may he, and may commit to the same prison as if he were a magistrate for the county, borough, or place in which the hearing takes place.

62

Ch. 32.

Local- Goven'nment (Stock Transfer) 58 & 59 Vkjt Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to amend the Local Government Act, 1894, so far as regards the transfer of any stock, share, or security standing in the name of, or dividends payable to, a local authority, . [6th July 1895;]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —

authority.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

Alteration of 1. — (1.) Where any stock is standing in the books of any

name on trans- . P , , n°.in P . "

fer of stock company m the name ot any local authority the. following prostanding in the visions shall have effect: —

(a.) If by virtue of the Local Government Act, 1894, or anything done under that Act or the Local Government Act, 1888, the name of the local authority is changed, then upon the request of such authority and the production of a statutory declaration by the clerk of the authority specifying the stock, and verifying the change of name and identity of the authority, the company shall enter such stock in the new name of the local authority in like manner as if the stock had been transferred to the authority under that name, and pay to that authority all dividends accrued and to accrue due thereon : (b.) If by virtue of the Local Government Act, 1894, or anything done under that Act or the Local Government Act, 1888, any other local authority becomes entitled to the stock or any dividends thereon, a certificate of the clerk or the county council, or the order or award under which the local authority becomes so entitled, shall be a sufficient authority to the company to transfer the stock into the name of the local authority specified in that behalf in the order, award, or certificate, and to pay the dividends to such authority: , (c.) If in any other case any other local authority is entitled to the stock or any dividends thereon, the court may on application make an order vesting in such authority or person as, the court may direct, the right to transfer the. said stock, or pay such dividends, to the authority in or to whom the same ought to be vested or paid, and the Trustee Act, 1893, shall apply in like manner as if the vesting order were made under section thirty-five of that Act.

(2.) In this Act —

"A local authority" includes any urban pr.. rural sanitary authority, council of a borough, improvement commissioners, local board, urban district council, rural district council, board of guardians, highway board, burial board, parish council, overseers, churchwardens and overseers, and chairman of a parish meeting and overseers;

" County council " includes the council of a county borough.'

56 & 57 Vict. c. 53.

1895.

Local Government (Stock Transfer) Ch. 32, 38.

Act, 1895.

, " Order of a county council " means an order made either by a county council or by any joint committee of comity councils, and, if such order requires confirmation by the Local Government Board, means, the order as confirmed by that Board:$

" Company " includes the Bank of England, and any'company or person keeping books in which any stock is registered;:

|f Stock " includes any share, annuity, or other security.

(3.) The jurisdiction of the court under this Act may be exercised by the High Court, or in cases within the jurisdiction of a palatine court or county court, by that court.

2. This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Stock Short title., Transfer) Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to amend the Extradition Acts, 1870 and 1873, so far as respects the Magistrate by whom and the Place in which the Case may be heard and the Criminal held in Custody. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and With the advice and consent of the' Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, arid, by the authority of the, same, as follows:

1. — -(1.) Where a fugitive criminal has been apprehended in Hearing case pursuance of a warrant under section eight of the Extradition Act, thaiTa^Bow 1870, and a Secretary of State on representation made by or on street, behalf of the criminal is of opinion that his removal for the 33&34 Vict. purpose of his case being heard at Bow Street will be dangerous 052 to his life or prejudicial to his health, the Secretary of State, if it appears to him consistent with the Order in Council under the Extradition Act, 1870, applicable to the case, may in his discretion by order, stating the reasons for such opinion, direct the, case to be heard before such magistrate as is named in the order, and at the place in the United Kingdom at which the criminal was apprehended, or for the time being is.

(2.) The magistrate may be, if the place is in England, a metropolitan police magistrate or a stipendiary magistrate, and if it is in Scotland,' a sheriff or sheriff-substitute, and if it is in Ireland, any stipendiary magistrate, and the magistrate hearing the case in pursuance of the order shall for that purpose be deemed to be a police magistrate within the meaning of the Extradition Act, 1870, and also shall have the same jurisdiction, duties, and powers, as near as may te, and may commit to the same prison as if he were a magistrate for the county, borough, or place in which the hearing takes place.

64

Ch. 33, 34.

Extradition Act, 1895.

58 & 59 Vict.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 52.

36 & 37 Vict. C. 60.

Short title and' construction.

Alteration of boundaries of colony.

Short title.

(3.) Provided that, when the fugitive criminal is committed to prison to await his surrender, the committing magistrate, if of opinion that it will he dangerous to the life or prejudicial to the health of the prisoner to remove him . to prison, may order him to be held in custody at the place in which he for the time being is, or any other place named in the order to which the magistrate thinks he can he removed without danger to his life or prejudice to his health, and while so held he shall he deemed to he in legal custody, and the Extradition Acts, 1870 and 1873, shall apply to him as if he were in the prison to which he is committed, and the forms of warrant used under the said Acts may he varied accordingly.

2. This Act may he cited as the Extradition Act, 1895, and shall he construed together with the Extradition Acts, 1870 and 1873; and those Acts and this Act may he cited collectively as the Extradition Acts, 1870 to 1895.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to provide in certain Cases for the Alteration of the Boundaries of Colonies. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

1. — (1.) Where the boundaries of a colony have, either before or after the passing of this Act, been altered by Her Majesty the Queen by Order in Council or letters patent the boundaries as so altered shall he, and be deemed to have been from the date of the alteration, the boundaries of the colony.

(2.) Provided that the consent of a self-governing colony, shall he required for the alteration of the boundaries thereof.

(3.) In this Act "self-governing colony" means any of the colonies specified in the schedule to this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Boundaries Act, 1895.

S CHED ULE.

Self- Governing Colonies.

Canada.

1ST ewfoundland. New South Wales. Victoria.

South Australia. Queensland.

Western Australia. Tasmania.

New Zealand.

Cape of Good Hope. Natal.

AA/WV/'

1895.

Naval Works Act, 1895.

Ch. 35.

65

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to make provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purpose of the Royal Navy, and to amend the Law relating to the Acquisition of Land for Naval Purposes.

[6th July 1895.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provision for the construction of the works specified in the schedule to this Act both in the United Kingdom and in the colonies in the schedule mentioned:

And whereas by the Defence Act, 1842, and the enactments 5 & 6 Vict. amending the same (in this Act referred to as the Defence Acts), c- 94‘ and by the Military Lands Act, 1892, powers are conferred on a 55 & 56 Vict. Secretary of State for the acquisition of land for the defence of the °*43* realm, and for the military purposes of any portion of Her Majesty's military forces, and it is expedient to extend those Acts to the Admiralty and Her Majesty's naval forces:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Admiralty may forthwith proceed to construct the works Power for

as specified in the schedule to this Act at the places therein men- Admyalp to . , c, , , , . ir i i i , construct

tioned, and tor that purpose may acquire such lands and execute scheduled

such works as they may deem expedient. > works.

2. — (1.) With a view to the purchase of land in the United Powers of Kingdom for the purposes of this Act, or for any purpose of Her ^'purdlaise88 Majesty's Navy, the Defence Acts, and the Military Lands Act, of land.

1892, except so far as it relates to a volunteer corps, shall have 5 & 6 Vict. effect as if they were herein re-enacted with the substitution of the jjg ^‘3- Vict Admiralty for a Secretary of State, and for the principal officers of c. 72.

Her Majesty's Ordnance, and for the Ordnance Department, and of 55 & 56 Vict. naval for military, and naval service for ordnance service.

(2.) All land acquired by the Admiralty in pursuance of this & as Vict. Act shall vest and be managed under the Admiralty Lands and c. 57.

Works Act, 1864, and sections nine to nineteen of that Act shall apply accordingly, and the provisions of the Defence Act, 1842, for 5&6 Vict. the like purpose shall not apply. : mM e. 94.

3. The Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the Issue of money growing produce thereof such sums not exceeding in the whole ^ted^Fm^for the sum of one million pounds as may be required by the Admiralty expenses of for commencing, advancing, or completing the works as specified in scheduled the schedule to this Act. works.

4. — (1.) Before any moneys are issued for the purpose of Restrictions on expenditure under any one of the heads in the schedule to this ^fney*issued.

E

66

Ch. 35.

Naval Works Act, 1895.

58 & 59 Vict.

Act, the Admiralty shall submit to the Treasury an estimate, with such details as may be required by the Treasury, of the expenditure under that head lor which it;is for, the time1 i being proposed to issue money, together .with th^ statement of; ada^e-by which the work, or portion of, work therein provided for is expected to be completed.

. (2.)i There- shall be no excess of any expenditure proposed by the estimate under any head in the schedule above the amount stated for that head in the,'schedule^ Unless the: Admiralty previously certify; that the iexcess will be compensated by a; saving Under-some other head, and that the excess will not Cause the total expenditure to exceed the total sum specified in th$ schedule, and, jtbe, Treasury are satisfied that the certificate is correct, and sanction the expenditure, and upon such sanction being given the saifl saving may be applied towards the payment of the said excess.,

Borrowing to The Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time for

raise money the purpose of providing money for sums;to-he issued out Of the

of1ArtrpOBeS Consolidated Fund under this Act, or repaying to that fund all or

any part of‘ the' sums so; iSsded, liOfroW 'niOney by means of terminable annuities for such period hot exceeding thirty1 years from the passing of this Act as'the Treasury may Expand all sums so borrowed shall be paid info' the Exchequer.

(2.) The 'said annuities shall be paid, out of the moneys annually provided byi Parliament for; naval services} t and, jif.thpee moneys are insufficient,; shall he charged on and paid out . of i the; Consolidated Fund or the growing produce' thereof, but shall not be payable as part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt. bn ifo eeaifetsq &di oi wei/ djiW.

Accounts of 6.? — (1.) The Admiralty shall cause to be made out - an account,

expenditure. in the form required by the Treasury, showing: —

(a) the money expended in pursuance of this Adt, and the purposes oti which ' that money was expended, distinguishing the jA expenditure under each of - the heads ln the schedule to this Act;, and

(5) any securities created for providing such money, liatfs

, tfl .' r nrrnllf, KV1V i \ \A oxfwrvV/

tFJ.Zk 3-2407 30 aaJ.MIi. 0] 0040. SCIQD0 J <3 *JlXG <iruo l J JJPk cHTOYf

(2.) The accounts of eXpenditure under! this Act, shall be audited and reported upon by the Comptroller :and Auditor; General ;as 29 & so Vict. appropriation accounts in manner directed by the Exchequer and 29 Audit Departments Act, 1866. do - - 1 ;^mae' iT sa

eindw otll nl guiba-w.o joa awas doun loaimlj wwfecnq 'garwoig Short title. 7. This' Act'ibiaty be eittsd as the Naval Works Act, 1 &95.;

Itrf-

<sjj

30 9UO

'ia

isbsw

1895.

Naval Works Act, 1895.

Ch. 35, 36.

67

SCHEDULE.

Heads of Proposed Expenditure.

Works. Total Estimated Cost. Estimate* Expenditure to 31st Marc 1895. * Further Amount 1 required. J jFo be ' provided'ii 1895h6. Expected Date of Completion.

(a.) Enclosure and Defence of £ £ 1 &&; J '

l'arbours against Torpedo Attack — Gibraltar — Completion of present mole * 83,000 20,000 | ,63,000 30,000,

Extension of do. >'‘f. 310,000J 2,000 308,000 80,000 - 1899-

1 Detached mole 583,000 — 1l; 583,000 - 76,o6o 1900

Deepening harbour ' 48,000 : - 1 48,000 10,000 Jd.: b«B

Dolphins - ' . - ' ' - 48,000 48,000 1 f'

. Portland-?-: Breakwater - 050,000 650,000 90,000 1 1900-1

Dover — .Breakwater, &c. 1,920,000 — 1,920,000 10,000 1905-6

(&.) Adapting Naval Ports tq. resent Needs of Fleet?-- Deepening harbours and ap- 960,000 99,000 861,000 300,000 1898-9

proaches. Keyham Dockyard extension - 1,920,000 1,920,000 80,000 1902-3

Porrainouth Docks - 639,000 100,000 239,000 150,000 1896-7

Gibraltar Dock or Docks 361,000 j 4,600 j ' 357,000 80,000 1899Li,900

Hong Kong- Dockyard extension. 290,000 290,000. 10,00(0 ' 1900-i\ -

(c.) IJaval Barracks, &c. — Chatham Naval Barracks 347,000 (j 347,000 27,000 1897-8 f

Portsmouth do. ' - 595,000 1 595,000 1,000 1899-1930

Walmsi' Marine DepOt (exten- . 20,000 lljL ' 1 - 20,000 20,000 189^6'

sion). Keyham Engineers* College 30,000 k 1 -jj * r« 30,000 20,000 1896-7

(extension). (d.)' Superintendence and Miscel-neous Charges. 1: J 300,000 1 - | 300,600 8,581,000 I 17,000 1,000,000 ide-bau

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to make provision foj* Public Inquiry in regard to Fatal Accidents occurring in Industrial, Employments or Occupations in Scotland. [6 th. 1895,]

BE it enacted, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, byaiid with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual aijd Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same; as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Fatal Accidents Inquiry Short title. (Scotland) Act, 1895.

68

Ch. 36.

Extent of Act

Proceedings on occurrence of fatal accident.

Public inquiry as to accident.

Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) 58 & 59 Vict.

Act, 1895.

2. This Act shall extend to and include all cases of death of any person or persons, whether employers or employed, engaged in any industrial employment or occupation in Scotland, due or reasonably believed to be due to accident occurring in the course of such employment or occupation.

3. — (1.) Upon the occurrence of any death to which this Act applies, the procurator-fiscal of the county or district in which the accident shall have taken place, shall, so soon as he receives information of the death or deaths, proceed to collect evidence thereanent, and shall also forthwith present to the sheriff a petition craving him to hold a public inquiry in regard to the cause or causes of the death or deaths, and the circumstances of the accident, and shall also furnish to the sheriff clerk, so far as possible, by letter posted or delivered, information as to the names and addresses of the wife or husband, or of the nearest known relative, and of the employer, if any, of each person who has lost his life in the accident.

(2.) If more deaths than one have resulted from the same accident, the petition and inquiry shall relate to the whole deaths which have resulted therefrom.

4. — (1.) Upon presentation of the petition, which shall narrate briefly the circumstances of the case so far as known to the procurator-fiscal, the sheriff shall pronounce an order directing that a public inquiry in regard to the death shall be held at a time to be specified in the order, being a time as soon as reasonably possible, in such court house within his jurisdiction as may be nearest to the place where the accident occurred, or, if special circumstances appear to him to make it expedient, in such other court house or other building as may be available and convenient, and shall grant warrant to cite witnesses and havers to attend at such inquiry, at the instance of the procurator-fiscal, and of oil parties who may be entitled to appear as herein-after provided.

(2.) Intimation of the time and place of the inquiry shall be made by the sheriff clerk, so far as possible, by letter, posted or delivered, upon information as to their names and addresses being furnished to him by the procurator-fiscal, to the wife or husband, or to the nearest known relative, and to the employer, if any, of each person, who has lost his life in the accident. In any case in which it is competent for any official or department of Her Majesty's Government to cause public inquiry to be made into the facts and circumstances of the accident under the provisions of any statute in force for the time being, then such intimation shall also be made to such official or department. The sheriff clerk shall also cause intimation of the time and place of the inquiry to be made by advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the district, or if there be more than one such newspaper, then in two of them.

(3.) In the event of the Secretary for Scotland being satisfied that the sheriff is unable, owiDg to the pressure of official duty or other cause which the Secretary for Scotland shall hold to be

1895.

Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895.

Ch. 36.

69

sufficient, to hold the inquiry, the Secretary for Scotland shall appoint a competent person, who shall possess the qualifications necessary for the office of sheriff-substitute, to hold the inquiry in his stead, and the person so appointed shall hold the inquiry and shall have all the powers of a sheriff under this Act, for the purposes of the said inquiry.

(4.) The inquiry shall be by the sheriff and a jury, and the sheriff clerk shall cite ten common, and five special, jurors for each such inquiry, or, if more inquiries than one are appointed by the sheriff to be held on the same day, for all the inquiries to be held by him on that day.

(5.) The jury shall consist of five common and two special jurors, who shall be chosen from the list of persons cited as aforesaid, in the manner prescribed by section forty-four of the Court 31 * 32 Vict* of Session Act, 1868.

(6.) The statutory provisions now in force in regard to challenges of jurors in civil and criminal cases in Scotland shall not apply to inquiries under this Act, but any person interested in the inquiry may state to the sheriff any objection which he has to a person balloted to serve on the jury, and if the sheriff shall consider that sufficient cause has been shown why such person should not so serve, he shall not allow the said person to serve upon the jury.

Provided that, in an inquiry into the death of a person under this Act, neither the employer or employers of such person, nor any person or persons engaged under the same employers as such person, shall be jurors.

(7.) The jury, after hearing the evidence," and the persons appearing thereon if they so desire, and the summing-up thereof by the sheriff, if he shall consider such summing-up necessary or proper, shall return a verdict setting forth (so far as such particulars have been proved) when and where the accident and the death or deaths to which the inquiry relates took place, and the cause or causes of such death or deaths.

(8.) The jury may return a verdict by a majority of its number at any time not less than one hour after it has been enclosed.

(9.) Each juror empanelled at any inquiry under this Act shall be entitled to remuneration at the rate of five shillings for each day, or part of a day, during which he has served as a juror, and travelling expenses. Such remuneration shall be payable by the sheriff clerk, and shall be recoverable by him from the county council as a charge upon the general purposes rate, where the inquiry relates to a death from an accident which has taken place in a county, including any police burgh therein, and from the burgh commissioners or other municipal authority of a Royal or Parliamentary burgh, as a charge upon the burgh general assessment, or, where there is no burgh general assessment, upon the police assessment, where the inquiry relates to a death from an accident which has taken place in a burgh.

(10.) The jury shall be cited by the sheriff clerk from the sheriff court jury book in the manner provided by statute foy the citation

70

Ch. 36.

Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland), 58 & 59 VICT. Act, 1895.

of jurors in civil cases,in Scotland, and .the existing statutory provisions relative to fines for non-attendance of jurors, and to the swearing of jurors, shall apply to inquiries under this Act.

Procedure at 5. — -(1.) At the inquiry, which shall be open to the public, the

mi'ury" prbcurator-fiscal, or, in the event of his being unable to attend personally from any cause stated in open court, and held by the sheriff to be sufficient, his duly qualified depute, shall adduce evidence, including such medical or skilled evidence as he deems expedient, in regard to the cause or causes of the death or deaths, and the circumstances of the accident.

(2.) It shall be competent to the sheriff at, or at any time subsequent to, the presentation of such petition: —

(a) to grant warrant to officers of the, law to take possession of, and to hold in safe custody, subject to the inspection of parties interested, any article or thing which it may be considered necessary to produce at the inquiry; and . (6) to inspect, either with or without the jury, or to grant warrant for the inspection by any, person he may deem expedient, of any ,premises, machinery, br other thing, the inspection of which is or may, in his, opinion, be, material for the purposes of the , inquiry.

(3.) It shall be competent to the wife or husband, and to the relatives, and. to the employer or employers, of any person who has .lost his life in the accident, and in the case of an accident in or about a mine to an inspector of mines, and in the case of an accident in a factory or workshop to an inspector of factories and workshops, as also to any person or persons engaged under the samp employers as such person, and to any other person or persons whom the sheriff may consider to have a just interest in the inquiry, to appear at, and take part in, and adduce evidence at, such inquiry, either by themselves or by. counsel or agents, or by any other person or persons whom the sheriff may allow to appear on.their behalf. , 4

(4>.) The evidence adduced at . such/ inquiry shall be taken on oath, the witnesses shall be subject to cross-examination, and the inquiry shall be conducted as nearly as possible in accordance with the ordinary procedure in a trial by jury before the sheriff court. Provided that the examination of any person as a witness or haver at! fetich inquiry shall not be a bar to criminal proceedings being afterwards taken against such1 person. "Provided further, that no witness at such inquiry, shall be compellable'to answer any question tending to; show that he is guilty of any crime or offenbe. The evidence shall be taken down in writing under the control and supervision of the sheriff, and as he shall direct, either at length or in shorthand, which shall afterwards be written out, and it shall in either case be duly authenticated as correct.

(5.) The verdict shall be recorded the sheriff court books, and the prpcurator-fiscal shall obtain from the sheriff clerk a copy, of the petition, as also the recorded evidence of the witnesses, or a

1895.

Fatal Accidents Inquiry (Scotland) Act, 1895'.

Ch. 36,

copy thereof, and any reports or productions,which may have been made in the course of the inquiry, or copies thereof, in so far as the same are in writing, and a copy of the verdict, and shall transmit' the same, together with the usual schedule for the .registrar of deaths, to the Crown agent. The sheriff clerk shall also transmit copies of the petition, and of the recorded evidence, and of any reports which may have been made, in the case of an accident in or about a mine to the inspector of mines for the district, and in the case or an accident in a factory or workshop tp the inspector‘of factories and workshops for the district, and copies shall also be obtainable by any person having an interest in the inquiry, upon such reasonable payment to defray the cost thereof as the sheriff shall fix.

(6.) Every person attending such inquiry an a witness or haver on citation by the procurator-fiscal shall be allowed such expenses as are paid to any person attending a criminal trial by jury in the sheriff court on such citation.

6. Nothing in this Act contained shall alter or affect the existing Saving, law and practice relative to the duties of procurators-fiscal to inquire and report to the Crown agent in regard to cases, of death from accident, or relative to any powers at present vested in the Lord Advocate to cause public inquiries to be held, or the existing Jaw oi r practice with reference to criminal proceedings against any. person or persons criminally responsible for any death, nor shall tlip ver^ict returned at an inquiry under this Act be competent to bngjv^ in evidence; or to be founded,;op in any subsequent judicial pjqp^ding, civil or criminal, arising put of the same accident... aj £a-dii «" /

7* In this. Act, unless^ the co.ntex^ otherwise"requires : — — Interpretation

" Industrial employment or occupation A shall mean employment or occupation for or in the performance of .any manual labour, or the superintendence of any such labour, or the. working, management, or . superintendence, , ,of machinery or other appliances, or animals used in the prosecution of any vfbrk; , Thq.p^pressioq."sheriff clerk '' shall inclu^lp^sheriff clerk depute ;

The expression "procurator-fiscal" shall mean the procurator-fiscal of a county or of a district, and shall include the pro-curatorsrfi^gaf i l&q county ;ofcityjqf Edinburgh, .and of the city and burgh of Aberdeen;

The expression " county " shall extend to the limits within which the sheriff has jurisdiction, whether by statute or at common law;,..: jig no fijff-jxQ

The expressiondistrict, " shall mean any part of f a county for . which a separate procurator-fiscal is ~ apppiu^d, and shall; include0any ;countyj pr .comblnalaqn of countigs, or. parts of counties, for which one sheriff court and one procurator-fiscal are appointed. , ..

72 Ch. 37. Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend and extend the Law relating to Factories and Workshops. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

General Law relating to Factories and Workshops.

Sanitary Provisions and Safety.

Overcrowding 1. — (L) A factory shall for the purpose of section three of the

of factory or principal Act, and a workshop shall for the purpose of the law relating workshop. to public health, be deemed to be so overcrowded as to be dangerous or injurious to the health of the persons employed therein, if the number of cubic feet of space in any room therein bears to the number of persons employed at ouce in the room a proportion less than two hundred and fifty, or, during any period of overtime,four hundred, cubic feet of space to every person.

(2.) Provided that the Secretary of State may, by order made in accordance with section sixty-five of the principal Act, modify this proportion for any period during which artificial light other than electric Hght is employed for illuminating purposes, and may by like order, as regards any particular manufacturing process or handicraft, substitute for the said figures of two hundred and fifty and four hundred respectively any higher figures, and thereupon this section shall have effect as modified by the order.

(3.) Section seventy-eight of the principal Act shall be read as if there were included among the notices required by that section to be affixed a notice specifying the number of persons who may be employed in each room of the factory or workshop by virtue of this section.

Power to make 2. — (1.) A court of summary jurisdiction may, on complaint by

order as to an inspector, and on being satisfied that any place used as a factory

factory°or or workshop or as part of a factory or workshop is in such a con-

workshop. dition that any manufacturing process or handicraft carried on therein cannot be so carried on without danger to health or to life or limb, by order, prohibit the place from being used for the purpose of that process or handicraft, until such works have been executed as are in the opinion of the court necessary to remove the danger.

(2.) Provided that proceedings shall not be taken under this section in cases where proceedings might be taken by or at the instance of any sanitary authority under the provisions of the law relating to public health, unless the inspector is authorised to take

Ch. 37.

73

1895. Factory and Workshop Act, 1895.

proceedings in pursuance of section one or section two of the Act of 1891.

(3.) If there is any contravention of an order under this section the occupier of the place shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings a day during such contravention.

3. — (1.) Where notice of an act, neglect, or default is given by an inspector under section four of the principal Act to a sanitary authority, it shall be the duty of the sanitary authority to inform the inspector of the proceedings taken in consequence of the notice.

(2.) In section two of the Act of 1891, for the words " within a reasonable time" shall be substituted the words "within one month."

4. — (1.) A court of summary jurisdiction may, on complaint by an inspector, and on being satisfied that any machine used in a factory or workshop is in such a condition that it cannot be used without danger to life or limb, by order prohibit the machine from being used, or, if it is capable of repair or alteration, from being used until it is duly repaired or altered.

(2.) Where a complaint has been made under this section the court or a justice may, on application ex parte by the inspector, and on receiving evidence that the use of any such machine involves imminent danger to life, make an interim order prohibiting either absolutely or subject to conditions the use of the machine until the earliest opportunity for hearing and determining the complaint.

(3.) If there is any contravention of an order under this section, the person entitled to control the use of the machine shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings a day during such contravention.

5. — (1.) If an inspector gives notice in writing to the occupier of a factory or workshop, or to any contractor employed by any such occupier, that any place in which work is carried on for the purpose of or in connexion with the business of the factory or workshop is injurious or dangerous to the health of the persons employed therein, then, if the occupier or contractor after the expiration of one month from receipt of the notice gives out work to be done in that place, and the place is found by the court having cognizance of the case to be so injurious or dangerous, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(2.) This section shall apply in the case of the occupier of any place from which any work is given out as if that place were a workshop.

(3.) Provided that this section shall not apply except in the case of persons employed in such classes of work, and in the case of persons giving out employment and employed within such areas, as may from time to time be specified by the Secretary of State by order made in accordance with section sixty-five of the principal

Provision as to notice to sanitary authority.

Power to make order as to dangerous machine.

Penalty for employment of persons in places injurious to health.

74

Ch, 37.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. 58 & 59 VICT.

Penalty for allowing wearing apparel to be made in place where there is infectious disease.

Amendment of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 16. s. 5, as to fencing.

Act, and no such order shall be made except with respect to ap area where, by reason of the number and distribution of the population or the conditions under which work is carried on, there are special' risks of injury or danger to the health of the persons employed and of the district.

6. If any occupier of a factory or workshop or laundry or of any place from which any work is given out, or any contractor employed by any such occupier, causes or allows wearing apparel to, be. made, cleaned, or repaired in any dwelling-house or building pcciipied therewith, whilst any inmate of the dwelling-house is suffering from scarlet fever or small-pox, then, unless he proves that he was not aware of the existence of the illness ih the dwblling-houjie, and could net reasonably have been expected to beCome alvare of it, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

7. — <1.) In paragraph (I)'of section five of the principal Act for the words " a steam engine and water-wheel" shall be substituted the words "any water-wheel or engine worked byanysuch pCWer."

(2.) In paragraph (3) of the, same section after the word " employed," the words " or working " shall be inserted.

(3.) In paragraph (4) of the same, section for the words " for the purpose of any manufacturing process " shall be substituted the words " except where the parts arc under repair or under examina- .tion in connexion with repair, or are. necessarily exposed for the " purpose of cleaning or lubricating or for altering the gearing or " arrangements of the parts of the machine."

Amendment of 8. The first paragraph of section nine of the principal Act 41 & 42 Vict. (-which 'relates to the cleaning of machinery) shall apply, so far as to restriction the" dangerous patts of machinery are concerned,' to young persohs on cleaning of in like manner as it applies to children, and for this purpose siibh machinery in parts,of the- machinery shall, unless the contrary is proved, be presumed to be dangerous as are so notified by an inspector to the occupier of the factory, .r - . r ,

Regulation as 9. — (1.) In. a factory erected after the commencement of this

lfact'011 of the traversing carriage of any self-acting machine shall not be

machine. allowed to rim out within a ,distence of eighteen inches from any fixed structure not being part of the machine, if the space Over which it so runs out is a space oyer which any person is liable, to pass, whether in the course of his employment or otherwise.

(2.) A person employed in a factory shall not be allowed tube in the space between the fixed and the traversing portions, of a seffracting machine unless the machine is stepped with the traversing portion on the outward run, but for the purposebf this provision the space in front of a self-acting machine rshall not he included in the space aforesaid.

(3.) A factory in which a traversing carriage is allowed to run out in contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with the principal Act, and any person allowed, to be

1895.

Factory ancf, Workshop Act, 1895.

Ch. 37*

75

in the space aforesaid ip contravention of this section, shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the provisions of the principal Act,. . g, fiibajsoig adi ai aisd

10. — (1.) A court of summary jurisdiction may, on complaint by Provisions for an inspector, and on being satisfied that the provision of a moveable ^°ape m fire escape or moveable fire escapes is required for the safety of any

of the persons employed in a factory or workshop, by order require the occupier of the factory or workshop to provide and maintain a moveable fire escape or moveable fire escapes'sufficient-for that purpose.

(2.) While any person employed in a factory or workshop is within the factory or workshop for the purpose of employment ‘or meals, the doors of the factory or workshop' and of any room therein in which any . such person is, shall not be locked or bolted or fastened in such a manner that they cannoir be easily and, immediately opened from the inside;

(3.) In every factory or workshop the construction or which is commenced after the commencement of .this Act, the doors of each room in which more persons than ten are employed, shall, except in the case of sliding doors, be constructed so as to Open outwards.

(4.) Sub-section; one' of Section seven of the A'ct' of 1891 shall apply to all workshops-the constructionof which is commenced after the commencement of this Act, and in which more than forty, persons are-employed, .in like manner as it applies to factories, and sub-section two of that section shall apply to all workshops to which the foregoing provision of this sub-section does not apply, in like manner as it applies to factories.

(5.) For the purpose of enforcing the provisions of section, seven of the Act of 1891 with respect to fire escapes, an inspector may give the like notice and take the like proceedings as under section four of the principal Act and section two of the Act of 1391/ and the provisions of those sections shall apply accordingly.

(6.) .If there (is any 'contravention of an .order under this section the occupier of the factory or workshop shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings a day during such contravention, and a factory or workshop in which there is a contravention of the requirements of fhis section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with the principal Act.

11. — (1.) An application to refer, under stction' sfeven bf‘the Provision as to Act of 1891, a difference as to" a notice by a Sanitary authority 'or arbitration by the London County Coun'cil must be made within oUe month' escapes.4 f° after the time when the difference arises.

(2.) Where such a difference is referred to arbitration, the notice of the sanitary authority or council shall be disChilgCd, amended, or confirmed in accordance with the award in the arbitration. ®

12. Where any matter in difference is referred to arbitration

under section eight of the Act of 1891, the arbitrators, pr. umpire arbitration as°D may, on the application of any of tb® workmen employed , in the to special rules, class of, eraploym^n^ to which the, arbitration relates,jm<^fJqn such security, if any, as may appear to. the arbitrators or umpire su^cienA to provide for the costs of and consequential on the- application.

76

Ch. 37.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

appoint any person to represent the workmen, or any class of them, on the arbitration, and any person so appointed shall be entitled to attend and take part in the proceedings of the arbitration either in person or by his counsel, solicitor, or agent to such extent and in such manner as the arbitrators or umpire may direct, and shall be subject to the same liability with respect to such costs as aforesaid as if he were a party to the arbitration.

Extension of 13. Section eighty-two of the principal Act, which provides penal 0*16 82°to comPensati°n h) persons injured by neglect to fence machinery,

death or in'- shall extend to any death or bodily injury or injury to health in jury caused by consequence of the occupier of a factory or workshop having neglect ofnAct neglected to observe any provision of the Factory Acts or any ' special rule or requirement made in pursuance of the Act of 1891. Provided that in the case of injury to health the occupier shall not be liable under this section unless the injury was caused directly by such neglect.

Employment.

Restriction of 14(1.) A young person shall not be employed overtime in

overtime pursuance of section fifty-three of the principal Act. employment. *

(2.) A woman shall not be employed overtime in pursuance of section fifty-three of the principal Act for more than three days in any one week or for more than thirty days in any twelve months, and shall not be employed overtime in pursuance of section fifty-six of the principal Act for more than sixty days in any twelve months; and, accordingly, in section fifty-three the words "three days," and " thirty days," shall be substituted for the words " five days," and " forty-eight days," and in section fifty-six the words " sixty days" shall be substituted for the words "ninety-six days."

(3.) Section fifty-eight of the principal Act shall, from and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, apply only to male young persons of fourteen years of age or upwards, and the powers of the Secretary of State under section sixty-three of the principal Act shall extend to making orders as to the total number of hours of employment in each week, the periods of employment, and the intervals between such periods, which are to be conditions of the employment of young persons at night, and to rescinding such orders.

(4.) Section fifty-eight of the principal Act shall not authorise in any factory specified in Part Six of the Third Schedule to the principal Act the employment during the night of young persons in any process other than a process incidental to the business of the factory as described in Part One of the Fourth Schedule to that Act.

(5.) A young person shall not, in pursuance of section fifty-nine of the principal Act, be employed more than twelve hours continuously.

(6.) Section sixty of the principal Act shall, from and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven, apply only to male young persons of fourteen years of age and upwards, and nothing in that section shall be Construed as authorising the employment of any person on Sunday,

1895.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1895.

Ch. 37.

77

(7.) For paragraph (4) of the said section sixty shall be substituted the following sub-section: —

" (4.) Such young person shall not be employed continuously for more than five hours without an interval of at least half an hour for a meal."

(8.) Nothing in the Factory Acts shall be construed as authorising work during overtime on Saturday, or on any day substituted for Saturday as a half holiday, but work in accordance with section fifty of the principal Act shall not be deemed work during overtime.

15. Section seventy-seven of the principal Act, which requires registers to be kept of children and young persons, shall apply to com^uisorym all workshops to which section fifty-three, of the principal Act shops, applies.

16. — (1.) A child shall not, except during the period of employ- Restrictions on ment, be employed in the business of a factory or workshop

outside the factory or workshop on any day during which the child outside factory is employed in the factory or workshop. orworkshopon

12.) A young person or woman shall not, except during the the same day' period of employment, be employed in the business of a factory or workshop outside the factory or workshop on any day during which the young person or woman is employed in the factory or workshop both before and after the dinner hour.

(3.) For the purposes of this section a child, young person, or woman to or for whom any work is given out, or who is allowed to take out any work to be done by him or her outside a factory or workshop, shall be deemed to be employed outside the factory or workshop on the day on which the work is so given or taken out.

(4.) If a young person or woman is employed by the same employer on the same day both in a factory or workshop and in a shop, the whole period of employment of that young person or woman shall not exceed the number of hours permitted by the Factory Acts for his or her employment in the factory or workshop.

(5.) The principal Act shall apply as if any child, young person, or woman employed in contravention of this section were employed in a factory or workshop contrary to the provisions of that Act.

(6.) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that the customs or exigencies of the trade carried on in any class of factories or workshops, or parts thereof, either generally or situate in any particular locality, require that such trade should be exempted from the operation of this section, he may by order grant to such class of factories or workshops, or parts thereof, such special exemption as may be necessary.

Holidays.

17. Subject to and in the absence of any notice affixed and for- Days to be warded as provided by the principal Act and the Act of 1891, observed as and substituting for any holiday herein-after mentioned another England and holiday or two half holidays, the, holidays to be observed in a Wales, factory or workshop in England and Wales in pursuance of paragraphs (1) and (2) of section twenty-two of the principal Act

?8

Notices of accidents.

38 & 39 Vict. e. 17.

Inquests.

Ch. 87; Ftidory <md Worlcsk&p Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

fee' of Christmas Day and; of'Gobd Friday, and of

every bank holiday, and, unless any other fiblldaiyS dr Hiilf-holidays are tosubatitutbef, it'shfill hot bb 'necessary to affix in the factory Of wx^kfehbp 'Soy tfbticfe1' of 'thfe'' holidays or half-holidays to be observed, or to forward a copy of any such notice tb the inspector Gf thd dlStHcl.' >9B ' v ed ubo^ (iU» A vnotyni (.

uoilosa ddiw doaebioif:* ni P\v«I i..

18. For section thirty-one of the principal Act the following section shall be substituted, namely, —

(1.) Where there pccurs in a factory or workshop any accident vrMCn'Sith^ic — ‘1 - .

v ('a) eSiuhf^ loss of hfe'td^a ppj^on employed in the factory or in

the^Wlfrk^hbp; ora'H 1 ' L‘ " 1,1 (b) causes to any person employed in the factory or workshop 1(;§flchbodily injuryas,to,present,him on;ahyone^of the three , working d%ys next after the occurrence , of j ,the accident from ;ijfji:.beijigemployed forfive hours on<his ordinary work, written notice snail forthwith be sent ,to the inspector for the dg^asij&iu nqosxo ,lon Hade naw an uotaeu mm< .- A i , (2.) If the accident causes lt>s$of< life, or % produced either by machinery ,moved by eteam, water, or other ‘ mechanical power, OF, through a vat, pan, or other .Structure filled with hot liquid or molten metal or other substancsCiiO^foy .explosion or escape of gas, steam, or metal, then, unless notice thereof js required by section s^yTtJnfee of . the Explosives Act, 18,76> to be.sent to a Government inspector, notice thereof shall forthwith be sent,to the certifying surgeon ,of the-district, j(3,). i The notice shall state the residence ,of the person killed or ixypred, and the.place to which he has been removed.

(4.) If any notice required by this section to be sent with respect to an accident in a factory- or workshop is not so sent, the occupier of;tha factory, orjworkshop shall..he. liable to a fine not exceeding fiycpqunds.' . ni ^aenr/ofqme aod ao aid aoi ioA % a (5,) If any accident to which this section, applies occurs to a person employed in an iron .mill-or hlastn furnace, or other factory or Syorksbop, where the occupier is not the actual employer of the person .killed or injured, the actual employer shall immediately report the same to the occupier, and in default shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

., > (6.) This section shaft extend to t Workshops conducted on the system of not. employing any child, young- person, or woman therein.

19. Where a death has occurred by accident in any factory or workshop, the coroner shall adjourn .the inquest, unless an inspector or some person on behalf of a Secretary of State is present to watch the jpfrocebdjngsV and shall at; lfeast fbur days before holding the adjoUmed inqubst SeUd ‘tb the inspector noticO ifi Writing of the time and place Of holding the adjourned inquest.

Presided that if the accident has not occasioned 'the death of more than one person, 4nd the coroner has sent to the inspector notice of the time and place of holding the inquest at Sttch time as

1895.

Factory v/Ad Workshop 'Act, 1895.

Ch. 37.

79

to reach the inspector not less than twenty-four hours before the titne of' holding the sanfe, it shall ript b‘o imperative otn him to adjburn the highest irL "pursuance of this section if the majority of the jury think it unnecessary so to: adjourn.

20. — (1.) , Every occupier of a factory or workshop shall keep a Register of register of accidents, and shall enter therein every accident occurring acc,dents> in the factory or workshop of Which notice is required by the Factory Acts within one week after the occurrence of . the accident,

and this register shall be at all times open to inspection ;by, the inspector and by the certifying, surgeon for the district.

(2.) If any occupier of a factory or workshop makes default in complying with the requirements of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds/

21. — (1.) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that a formal Power to direct investigation Of Any accident occurring in a factory or workshop investi~ and its causes and circumstances is expedient, the Secretary of e

State' may'1 affect1 thatu shch an investigation be held, and with res]te#t to an^ such investigation the provisions' of sections forty-five and forty-six of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, shall 50 & 51 Vict. ha/vh ‘effect, except that references to the said Act in the said section c- 58‘ forty-five shall1 be construed as references to the Factory Acts*

(2:) This section shall extend to workshops conducted on the systein' of not 'employing any child, young person. Or woman therein.

; Special Rules, and Requirements. , ;

0 ' r laundries.

22. — (10, In any laundry carried on by way of trade, or, for Application of

purpose of gain, the following provisions shall apply, , , x Factory Acts

(i.) The period of employment, exclusive of , m,eal, hqurs. and to "es‘ aps^ce from work, shall not, ex;ceep, f<^ yhijdrenj' ten hoqrs, for young persons, twelve hours, for women, fourtegn hours, in a,ny consecutive, twenty-four hours; nor a total for children of thirty hours, for young persons ^&WiftW6^ in any oi^i ip;^tjijtion^.t^q^p ,pveftupe as^mqy be allowed in the case of women. _. c.

(in) A jC^iil^OT young pwspn< or; wopaan; eh all not, be, [cmpAeyed continuously for more than five hours without an interval of ^t least half an hour for a meal.. ,i( , ,-nri‘>vO ( >1

(lii.) Children, young persons, and women employed in laundries shall have allowed to, them the same holidays as are" allowed to children, young persons, and women employed in a factory or workshop under the Factories, and Workshops Acts, 1878 to 1895.

t (iv.) So far as. regards sanitary provisions, safety, accidents, the affixing of notices and abstracts and the matters to be specified in such notices (so far as they apply td lquridrifes),' notice of occupation of: a factory or workshop, powers bf inspebtors, fines, and legal proceedings for any failure to comply With the provisions of this section, and education of J children, the

QQ Ch. 37- Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

Factory Acts shall have effect as if every laundry in which steam, water, or other mechanical power is used in aid of the laundry process were a factory, and every other laundry were a workshop; and as if every occupier of a laundry were the occupier of a factory or of a workshop.

(v.) The notice to be affixed in each laundry shall specify the period of employment and the times for meals, but the period and times so specified may be varied before the beginning of employment on any day.

(vi.) Sections seventeen and eighteen of the Act of 1891 shall apply to laundries in like manner as to factories or workshops. (2.) In the case of every laundry worked by steam, water, or * other mechanical power —

(a) a fan or other means of a proper construction shall be provided, maintained, and used for regulating the temperature in every ironing-room, and for carrying away the steam in every washhouse in the laundry; and

(б) all stoves for heating irons shall be sufficiently separated from any ironing room, and gas irons emitting any noxious fumes shall not be used; and

(c) the floors shall be kept in good condition and drained in such manner as will allow the water to flow off freely.

A laundry in which these provisions are contravened shall be deemed to be a factory not kept in conformity with the principal Act.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall apply to any laundry in which the only persons employed are —

(a) inmates of any prison, reformatory, or industrial school, or other institution for the time being subject to inspection under any Act other than the Factory Acts; or

(b) inmates of an institution conducted in good faith for religious or charitable purposes; or

(c) members of the same family dwelling there,

or in which not more than two persons dwelling elsewhere are employed.

(4.) Women employed in laundries may work overtime, subject to the following conditions : —

(a.) No woman shall work more than fourteen hours in any day. m; jgy j2||L <» ji ££

(6.) The overtime worked shall not exceed two hours in any day.

(c.) Overtime shall not be worked on more than three days in any week or more than thirty days in any year.

(d.) The requirements of section sixty-six of the principal Act and of section fourteen of the Act of 1891 with respect to notices shall be observed.

Docks, &c.

to 23.; — (1.) The following provisions, namely- ,.

certain pro- (i.) Section eighty-two of the principal Act; visions of (ii.) The provisions of the Factory Acts with respect to

Factory Acts. accidents;

1895.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1895.

Cfl. 37.

(iii.) Section sixty-eight of the principal Act with respect to the powers of inspectors;

(iv.) Sections eight to twelve of the Act of 1891 with respect to special rules for dangerous employments; and

(v.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the power to make orders as to dangerous machines shall have effect as if —

(a) every dock, wharf, quay, and warehouse, and, so far as relates to the process of loading or unloading therefrom or thereto, all machinery and plant used in that process; and

(b) any premises on which machinery worked by steam, water, or other mechanical power, is temporarily used for the purpose of the construction of a building or any structural work in connexion with a building,

were included in the word factory, and the purpose for which the machinery is used were a manufacturing process, and as if the person who by himself, his agents, or workmen temporarily uses any such machinery for the before-mentioned purpose were the occupier of the said premises; and for the purpose of the enforcement of those sections the person having the actual use or occupation of a dock, wharf, quay, or warehouse, or of any premises within the same or forming part thereof, and the person so using any such machinery, shall be deemed to be the occupier of a factory.

(2.) The provisions of this Act with respect to notice of accidents and the formal investigation of accidents shall have effect as if —

(a) any building which exceeds thirty feet in height, and which is being constructed or repaired by means of a scaffolding; and

(b) any building which exceeds thirty feet in height, and in which more than twenty persons, not being domestic servants, are employed for wages ;

were included in the word " factory," and as if, in the first case, the employer of the persons engaged in such construction or repair, and, in the second case, the occupier of the building, were the occupier of a factory.

Tenement Factories.

24. — (1,) Where mechanical power is supplied to different parts Substitution of of the same building occupied by different persons for the purpose °fttene' of any manufacturing process or handicraft in such manner that for occupier those parts constitute in law separate factories, the owner (whether for certain or not he is one of the persons so in occupation) of the building Purposes-(which building is hereafter in this Act referred to as a tenement factory) shall, instead of the occupier, be liable for the observance, and punishable for non-observance, of the following provisions, namely:

(a.) Section three of the principal Act, with respect to the sanitary condition of a factory; and

F

Factory and Workshop Act. 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

32 Ch. 37.1

(b.) Sections five and eighty-two of the principal Act, with respect to the fencing of machinery in a factory, except so far as those sections relate to such parts of the machinery as are supplied by the occupier; and (c.) Save as herein-after provided, section nineteen of the principal Act, with respect to the notices to be affixed in a factory, and the matters to be specified therein; and (d.) Section thirty-three of. the, principal Act, with respect to the liinewashing and washing of the interior of a factory, so far as it relates to any engine-house, passage, or staircase, or to any room which is let to more than one tenant; and (e.) Section thirty-six of the principal Act, with respect to the-removal of dust, so far as that section requires the supply of pipes or other contrivance^ necessary for working the fan-or other' means for that purpose, and except in textile factories; and

. (/.) Section seventy-eight of the principal Act, with respect to> the affixing of an abstract and notices.

(3.) Where different industides are carried on in the same tenement factory, the obligation to affix , the notice required, by (Section nineteen of the principal Act shall be on the occupier and .not-.^n the owner, r ,

(3.) Sections eight to eleven of the Act of 1891, shall, if and as. far as in the case of a tenement factory the Secretary of State by order so directs, apply as if the owner of the factory were substituted for the occupier.

(4.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the power to make orders in the case of dangerous premises shall apply in the case of a tenement factory as if the owner were substituted for the. occupier.

(5.) Where, by or under this section, the owner of a tenement, factory is substituted for the occupier with respect to any provisions of the Factory Acts, any summons, notice, or proceeding, which for the purpose of any of those provisions is by the said Acts or any of them authorised or required to be served on or taken in relation to the occupier, is hereby authorised or required (as the case may be) to be served on or taken in relation to the owner.

(6.) For the purpose of the provisions of this Act with respect to tenement factories all buildings situate within the same close or curtilage shall be treated as one building.

(7.) This section shall not apply in the case of any occupier paying a rent in excess Of two hundred pounds a year.

Beguiatious as 25. — (1.) Where grinding is carried on in a tenement factory,

to grinding and the owner of the factory shall be responsible for the , observance of tenement the regulations set forth in the First Schedule to this Act.

(2.) In every such tenement factory it shall be the duty of the owner and of the occupier of the factory respectively to see that such parts of the horsing chains and of the hooks to which the chain* are attached as are supplied by them respectively are kept in efficient condition.

1895. Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. Ch. 37. 83

(3.) In every tenement factory where grinding or cutlexy is carried on the owner of the factory shall provide that there shall at all times be instantaneous communication between each of the, rooms in which the work is carried on and both the engine-room and the boiler-house.

(4.) A tenement factory in which there is any contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with the principal Act, but for the purposes of any proceeding in respect of a provision for the observance of which the owner of the factory is responsible, that owner shall be substituted for the occupier of the factory.

(5.) This section shall not apply to a textile factory.

26. A certificate of the fitness of any young person or child for Validity of employment in a tenement factory shall be valid for his similar j, t^fe_ employment in any part of the same tenement factory. ment factory.

Bakehouses.

27 — (1.) Sections thirty-four and thirty-five of the principal Provisions as t<* Act shall apply to every bakehouse, and so much of those sections bakehouses.

as limits the operation thereof to cities, towns, and places having a population of more than five thousand persons shall be repealed.

(2.) In section fifteen of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1883, 46.& 47 Vict. the words, " which was not so let or occupied before the first day 53,

" of June, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three," shall be repealed.

(3.) A place under ground shall not be used as a bakehouse unless it is so used at the commencement of this Act, and if any place is so used in contravention of this Act it shall be deemed to be a workshop not kept in conformity with the principal Act.

Special Restrictions as to Employment.

28 — (1.) Section eight of the Act of 1891 shall extend to Power to pi-o-authorise the making of special rules or requirements prohibiting emplo'nentin the employment of, or modifying or limiting the period of employ- dangerous ment for, all or any classes of persons in any process or particular trade, description of manual labour which is certified, by the Secretary of

State in pursuance of that section to be dangerous or injurious to health, or dangerous to life or limb. Provided that any special rules or requirements under this section which relate to the employment or period of employment of adult workers shall be laid for forty days before both Houses of Parliament before coming into-operation.

(2.) Sections eight to twelve of the Act of 1891 are hereby declared to extend to workshops conducted on the system of not . employing any child, young person, or woman therein.

Special Provisions for Health.

29. — (1.) Every medical practitioner attending on or called in Notification of to visit a patient whom he believes to be suffering from lead, certain diseases

84 Ch. 37. Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

to chief phosphorus, or arsenical poisoning, or anthrax, contracted in any inspector. factory or workshop, shall (unless the notice required by this section has been previously sent) send to the Chief Inspector of Factories at the Home Office, London, a notice stating the name and full postal address of the patient and the disease from which in the opinion of the medical practitioner the patient is suffering, and shall be entitled in respect of every notice sent in pursuance of this section to a fee of two shillings and sixpence to be paid as part of the expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in the execution of the principal Act.

(2.) If any medical practitioner, when required by this section to send a notice, fails forthwith to send the same, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(3.) Written notice of every case of lead, phosphorus, or arsenical poisoning, or anthrax, occurring in a factory or workshop, shall forthwith be sent to the inspector and to the certifying surgeon for the district; and the provisions of the Factory Acts with respect to accidents shall apply to any such case in like manner as to any such accident as is in those sections mentioned.

(4.) The Secretary of State may by order made in accordance with section sixty-five of the principal Act apply the provisions of this section to any other disease occurring in a factory or workshop, and thereupon this section and the provisions referred to therein shall apply accordingly.

Lavatories in 30. — (1.) In every factory or workshop where lead, arsenic, or

trades118 any other poisonous substance is used, suitable washing conveniences shall be provided for the use of the persons employed in any department where such substances are used.

(2.) A factory or workshop in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with the principal Act.

31. — (1.) The Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1889, shall apply to every textile factory in which atmospheric humidity is artificially produced by steaming or other mechanical appliances, and which is not for the time being subject to special rules under section eight of the Act of 1891, with such modifications of the schedule with respect to the maximum limits of humidity as the Secretary of State by order made in accordance with section sixty-five of the principal Act may direct.

(2.) In section nine of the Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1889, the words " and the arrangements for such ventilation shall be kept in " operation subject, as far as possible, to the control of the persons " employed therein," shall be repealed.

Temperature 32. — (1.) In every factory and workshop adequate measures

w®*8Uopg.and taken for securing and maintaining a reasonable temperature

in each room in which any person is employed.

(2.) A factory or workshop in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with the principal Act.

Provisions as to humid factories.

52 & 53 Vict. o. 62.

1895.

Ch. 37.

85

factory and Workshop Act, 1895.

33. Section thirty-six of the principal Act shall extend to any Amendment of factory or workshop where any process is carried on by which 41 & 42 Vict. any gas, vapour, or other impurity is generated and inhaled by the ,ge workers to an injurious extent.

Miscellaneous Amendments.

34. The occupier of every factory and workshop shall on or Annual returns before the first day of March in every year send to the inspector ^ployed8

of the district on behalf of the Secretary of State a correct return specifying, with respect to the year ending on the preceding thirty-first day of December, the number of persons employed in the factory or workshop, with such particulars as to the age and sex of the persons employed as the Secretary of State may direct, and in default of complying with this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

35. — (1.) In every place where section twenty-two of the Public Sanitar/ con-Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890, is not in force every factory

or workshop shall be provided with sufficient and suitable accom- c. 59, modation in the way of sanitary conveniences, having regard to the number of persons employed in or in attendance at the factory or workshop, and also where persons of both sexes are employed or intended to be employed, or in attendance, with proper separate accommodation for persons of each sex.

(2.) A factory or workshop in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with the principal Act.

36. — (1.) In the regulation numbered (1) in section thirteen of Amendment of the principal Act, after the words "end at seven o'clock in the *12g J*' evening," shall be inserted the words " or begin at eight o'clock in 14, as to

" the morning and end at eight o'clock in the evening." period of

(2.) In the regulation numbered (2) in the same section, after emP%ment-the words " two o'clock in the afternoon," shall be inserted the words " or when it begins at seven o'clock in the morning, at three " o'clock in the afternoon, or begin at eight o'clock in the morning " and end at four o'clock in the afternoon."

(3.) If in a non-textile factory or workshop the period of employment of young persons and women is from eight o'clock in the morning to eight o'clock in the evening, then, subject to the provisions of section fourteen of the principal Act, the period of employment of a child in a morning set may begin at eight o'clock in the morning, and in an afternoon set may end at eight o'clock in the evening, or on Saturday at four o'clock in the afternoon, and the period of employment of a child employed on the alternate day system may begin at eight o'clock in the morning, and end at eight o'clock in the evening, or on Saturday at four o'clock in the afternoon.

37. — (1.) In section fifty-three of the principal Act —

For the words " the factories and workshops or parts thereof " c. 16. s. 53,

shall be substituted the words " the non-textile factories and Jhird

" workshops or parts thereof and warehouses " and part ill?

Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

86 B37-

Amendment of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 16. s. 58 as to shifts.

Power to treat separate branches as separate factories.

Particulars respecting wages to be furnished iu certain cases,

For the words " the factories and workshops and parts thereof " shall be substituted the words C( the non-textile factories and " workshops and parts thereof and warehouses," wherever those words respectively occur in that section.

(2.) In Part Three of the Third Schedule to the principal Act, before the word " factories " shall be inserted the word " nontextile," the words " and also " are hereby repealed, and for the paragraph marked " (x.) " there shall be substituted the following paragraph, namely:

" The said exception applies also to any part of a factory (whether textile or non-textile) or workshop which is a warehouse not used for any manufacturing process or handicraft, and in which persons are solely employed in polishing, cleaning, wrapping, or packing-up goods."

38. Nothing in the principal Act shall prevent the employment of male young persons to whom section fifty-eight of that Act applies in three shifts of not more than eight hours each, provided that there is an interval of two unemployed shifts between each two shifts of employment.

39. The Secretary of State may by order made in accordance with section sixty-five of the principal Act direct, with respect to any class of factories or workshops, that different branches or departments of work carried on in the same factory or workshop shall, for all or any of the purposes of the Factory Acts, be treated as if they were different factories or workshops.

40. — (1.) In every textile factory the occupier shall, for the purpose of enabling each worker who is paid by the piece to compute the total amount of wages payable to him in respect of his work, cause to be published particulars of the rate of wages applicable to the work to be done, and also particulars of the work to which that rate is to be applied, as follows: —

(a.) The particulars of the rate of wages applicable to the work to be done by each weaver in the worsted and woollen, other than the hosiery, trades shall be furnished to him in writing at the time when the work is given out to him, and shall also be exhibited on a placard not containing any other matter, and posted in a position where it is easily legible:

,(b.) The particulars of the rate of wages applicable to the work to be done by each worker, other than such a weaver as aforesaid, shall be furnished to him in writing at the time when the work is given out to him; provided that if the same particulars are applicable to the work to be done by each of the workers in one room it shall be sufficient to exhibit them in that room on a placard not containing any other matter, and posted in a position where it is easily legible:$

(c.) Such particulars of the work to be done by each worker as affect the amount of wages payable to him shall (except so far as they are ascertainable by an automatic indicator) be furnished to him in writing at the time when the work is given out to him:

1895. Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. Cb. 37. h7

(d.) The particulars either as to rate of wages or as to work shall not be expressed by means of symbols:$

(e.) Where an automatic indicator is used for ascertaining work, such indicator shall have marked upon its case the number of teeth in each wheel and the diameter of the driving roller, except that in the case of spinning machines with traversing carriages the number of spindles and the length of the stretch in such machines shall be so marked in substitution for the diameter of the driving roller:

(f.) Where such particulars of the work to be done by each worker as affect the amount of wages payable to him are ascertained by an automatic indicator, and a placard containing the particulars as to the rate of wages is exhibited in each room, in pursuance of an agreement between employers and workmen and in conformity with the requirements of this section, the exhibition thereof shall be a sufficient compliance with this section.

(2.) If the occupier fails to comply with the requirements of this section, or fraudulently uses a false indicator for ascertaining the particulars or amount of any work paid for by the piece, or if any workman fraudulently alters an automatic indicator, the occupier or workman, as the case may be, shall be liable for each offence to a fine of not more than ten pounds, and, in case of a second or subsequent conviction within two years from the last conviction for that offence, not less than one pound. Provided that an indicator shall not be deemed false if it complies with the requirements of this section.

(3.) If anyone engaged as a worker in any factory or workshop, having received such particulars, whether they are furnished directly to him or to a fellow workman, discloses the particulars for the purpose of divulging a trade secret he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(4.) If anyone for the purpose of obtaining knowledge of or divulging a trade secret solicits or procures a person so engaged in any factory to disclose such particulars, or with that object pays or rewards any such person, or causes any such person to be paid or rewarded for so disclosing such particulars, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(5.) This section shall take effect instead of section twenty-four of the Act of 1891.

(6.) The Secretary of State, on being satisfied by the report of an inspector that the provisions of this section are applicable to any class of non-textile factories, or to any class of workshops, may, if he thinks fit, by order made in accordance with section sixty-five of the principal Act, apply the provisions of this section to any such class, subject to such modifications as may in his opinion be necessary for adapting those provisions to the circumstances of the case.

41. Every person who is in occupation of a workshop at the Notice of commencement of this Act shall before the expiration of twelve months from the commencement of this Act, unless he has already

ss

Ch. 37.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

done so in pursuance of section twenty-six of the Act of 1891, serve on the inspector for the district a written notice containing the name of the workshop, the place where it is situate, the address to which he desires his letters to be addressed, the nature of the work, and the name of the person or firm under which the business of the workshop is carried on, and in default shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds. Any notice so served shall be forthwith forwarded to the sanitary authority of the district in which the workshop is situate.

Amendment 42. — (1.) Every occupier of a factory or workshop to whom

of<"4&enV^t sec^on twenty-seven of the Act of 1891 for the time being applies, c. 75. s. 27 C an^ every contractor employed by any such occupier in the business respecting ' of the factory or workshop, shall, on or before the first day of

lists of out- March and the first day of September in each year, send to the

WOTkPTK * A t/ i j

inspector for the district in which the factory or workshop is situate a list showing the names of all persons directly employed by him, either as workmen or as contractors, in the business of the factory or workshop outside the factory or workshop, and the places where they are employed, and in default of so doing shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(2.) Section twenty-seven of the Act of 1891 and this section shall apply to any place from which any work of making wearing apparel for sale is given out, and to the occupier of that place, and to every contractor employed by any such occupier in connexion with the said work, as if that place were a workshop.

Evidence as to 43. Failure to enter in the register kept in pursuance of section failure to lime- seventy-seven of the principal Act the prescribed particulars as to wash' lime-washing shall be prima facie evidence of failure to observe the

requirements of the Factory Acts with respect to lime-washing.

Amendment of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 16. ss. 66,

75, and 54 & 55 Vict. c. 75. s. 29.

Amendment of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 16. s. 68, as to powers of inspector.

Special inquiries and re-examinations by certifying surgeons.

44. — (1.) In sections sixty-six and seventy-five of the principal Act the words " the inspector for the district " shall be substituted for the words "an inspector" wherever they occur in those sections.

(2.) In section twenty-nine of the Act of 1891, the words " the factory inspector for the district within which the offence is charged to have been committed " shall be substituted for the words " a factory inspector."

45. Section sixty-eight of the principal Act shall have effect as if in the paragraph numbered (2), which empowers an inspector to take with him a constable into a factory, the words " or workshop " were inserted after the word " factory." 46 *

46. — (1.) Every certifying surgeon shall, if so directed by the Secretary of State, make any special inquiry and re-examine any young person or child, and any expense incurred by the Secretary

of State under this provision shall be defrayed as other expenses

incurred by him in the execution of the Factory Acts.

(2.) The fees to be paid to certifying surgeons in cases where,

m pursuance of this section or of special rules Under the Factory

c , t ey are required to examine the persons employed in a

1895. Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. Ch. 37. 89

factory or workshop shall be in accordance with the scale set forth in the Second Schedule to this Act, or with such scale as may be substituted therefor by the Secretary of State.

(3.) Such fees shall, where the examination is in pursuance of this section, be paid by the Secretary of State, and where the examination is in pursuance of special rules be paid by the occupier of the factory or workshop.

47. Every order made in accordance with section sixty-five of Publication of the principal Act shall be published in such manner as the or ers' Secretary of State thinks best adapted for the information of all

persons interested.

48. Any notice, order, requisition, summons, or document, Service of required or authorised by the Factory Acts to be served on the ^°""ents 011 owner, as defined by this Act, of a factory or workshop, may be

served by delivering the same or a true copy thereof to the agent of the owner as so defined.

49. A person charged with an offence under the Factory Acts Competency of may, if he thinks fit, tender himself to be examined on his own defendant to behalf, and thereupon he may give evidence in the same manner ®Ive evi ence' and with the like effect and consequences as any other witness.

50. Where, in pursuance of section eighty-seven of the principal Payment of Act, some person other than the occupier of a factory or workshop lender fn Hen is brought before a court of summary jurisdiction, and convicted of of occupier, an offence with which the occupier was charged, that person shall

in the discretion of the court be liable to pay any costs incidental to the proceeding.

51. An inspector, if so authorised in writing under the hand of of lathe Secretary of State, may, although he is not a counsel, or solicitor, conduc/pro-or law agent, prosecute, conduct, or defend, before a court of ceedings before summary jurisdiction or justice, any information, complaint, or magistrates, other proceeding arising under the Factory Acts, or in the discharge

of his duty as such inspector.

52. In the application of the Factory Acts to Ireland — Application to

Ireland.

The expression "jPublic Health (Ireland) Act, 1874," where it 41 & 42 vict. occurs in sub-section eleven of section one hundred and six of c‘ 52 53' the principal Act, and the fexpression * Public Health Act,

1875," where it occurs in sections four and seven of the Act of 1891, shall be construed as meaning the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and the Acts amending the same.

53. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires — Interpretation.

(1.) The expression "the Factory Acts" means the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1878 to 1891, and this Act:

The^expression " the principal Act " means the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878:

90

Ch. 37.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

The expression "the Act of 1891 " means the Factory and Workshop Act, 1891:

38 & 39 Vict. The expression " owner " has the meaning given to it by

c. 55. section four of the Public Health Act, 1875.

(2.) References to any section of the Factory Acts shall be construed as references to that section as amended by subsequent enactments, including this Act. '

Repeal. 54. The Acts mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act are

hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

Commence- 55. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of ment of Act. January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

Short titles and 56. This Act may be cited as the Factory and Workshop Act, construction. 1895, and shall be construed as one with the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1878 to 1891, and those Acts and this Act may be cited collectively as the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1878 to 1895.

..... SCHEDULES.

Section 25. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Regulations as to Grinding in Tenement Factory.

(1.) Boards to fence the shafting and pulleys, locally known as drum boards, shall be provided arid kept in proper repair.

(2.) Hand rails shall be fixed over the drums and kept in proper repair.

(3.) Belt guards, locally known as Scotchmen, shall be provided and kept in proper repair.

(4.) Every floor, which is constructed after the commencement of this Act, shall be so constructed and maintained as to facilitate the removal of slush, and all necessary shoots, pits, and other conveniences shall be provided for facilitating such removal.

(5.) Every grinding room or hull, which is established after the commencement of this Act, shall be so constructed that for" the purpose, of light grinding there shall be a clear space of three feet at least between each pair of troughs, and for the purpose of heavy grinding there shall be a clear space of four feet at least between each pair of troughs and six feet at least in front of each trough.

(6.) The sides of all drums in every grinding-room or hull shall be closely fenced.

(7.) Except in pursuance of a special exemption granted by the Secretary of State, no grindstone shall be rim before any fire place or in front of another grindstone.

(8.) No grindstone erected after the commencement of this Act shall be run before any door or other entrance.

1895.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. Ch. 37, 38. 91

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 46.

Scale op Fees to Certifying Surgeons.

Under 10 hands -, 20 , -

» 30 ff

» 50 , -

» 75 ,

, 100 , -

Over 100 ,

- 2s. 6cl. per visit.

- '3s- ,

- 3s. 6d, ,

- 4s.

- 4s. Gd. p

- 5s. n

- 7s. 6d.

With the addition of Is. for every mile or portion of a mile in excess of one mile from the certifying surgeon's residence.

THIRD SCHEDULE. ' Section 54.

Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 16. - The Factory and Workshop Act, 1878. Sections thirty-one and forty-two. Part One of the Third Schedule. Part Three of the Third Schedule, from " and also '' to " packing-up good s."

54 & 55 Vict. c. 75. - The Factory and Workshop Act, 1891. Sub-section one of section twenty-two, and section twenty-four and sab-section five of section thirty-three.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 28. - The Notice of Accidents Act, 1894.) ' i In paragraph (1) of the Schedule the word " gaswork " and the words * harboar, dock, port, pier, quay." Paragraph (2) of the Schedule.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.h.; ' , [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1. There shall be levied and paid on the following goods, imported Duty on beer, or brought into the Isle of Man, the several duties of customs spirits, and herein-after enumerated: — i ,7me‘

Ale or beer, according to the specific gravity of the worts thereof before fermentation, as set forth in the following table: —

Ch. 38.

Isle of Man (Customs') Act, 1895. 58 & 59 Vict.

Table.

-re iil t. _ Duty on the Barrel of

If the Degrees of Specific Gravity are gg Gallons

a. d.

Less than 1040 2 6

1040 or more, but less than 1045 3 0

1045 99 , 1050 3 6

1050 jr , 1055 4 0

1055 99 , 1060 4 6

1060 99 1065 5 0

1065 , 1070 5 6

1070 , 1075 6 0

1075 , 1080 6 6

1080 99 , 1085 7 0

1085 99 , ' 1090 7 6

1090 , 1095 8 0

1095 , 1100 8 6

1100 f9 , 1105 9 0

1105 , 1110 9 6

1110 99 1115 10 0

1115 99 1120 10 6

1120 99 1125 11 0

1125 99 11 6

8. d.

Chicory and cofiee, or any other matter applicable to

the use of chicory or coffee - - - per lb. 0 1

Spirits, namely: —

Brandy, Geneva, and other foreign spirits

the gallon 9 0

Bum, including shrub, of the British possessions

the gallon 9 0

British or Irish spirits not otherwise exempted from

payment of duty - - the gallon 9 0

Liqueurs, or cordials, and mixed or sweetened

spirits - '-'f< . - the gallon 9 0

All such spirits shall be computed at hydrometer proof; provided that where a person importing liqueurs, cordials, or mixed or sweetened spirits in bottle, has entered the same in such a manner as to indicate that the strength is not to be tested, duty shall be levied and paid at the rate per gallon of - - ", - - 10 0

Perfumed spirits - - * the gallon 10 0

Tea | - , - the lb. 0 4

Tobacco, unmanufactured, containing in every 100 lbs. weight thereof —

10 lbs. or more of moisture - 3 2

Less than 10 lbs. of moisture - - .36

1895.

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1895.

Ch. 38.

93

Tobacco, manufactured —

Segars - - - . V' ' i- "

Cavendish or Negrohead - "

Snuff, containing in every 100 lbs. weight thereof — More than 13 lbs of moisture -Not more than 13 lbs. of moisture Other manufactured tobacco and Cavendish or Negro-head manufactured in bond - -

Wine, namely: —

Wine not exceeding 30 degrees of proof spirit

the gallon

Wine, exceeding 30 but not exceeding 42 degrees of proof spirit - - - the gallon

And for every degree or part of a degree beyond the highest above charged an additional duty

the gallon

Sparkling wine imported in bottle (additional)

the gallon

2. In this Act —

s. d. 5 0 4 6

3 9

4 6

4 0

1 0 2 6

0 3 2 0

Definitions.

The expression " degree " does not include fractions of the next higher degree;

The expression " wine " includes lees of wine.

3. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby Repeal, repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

4. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, Short title. 1895.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. | Extent of Repeal.

37 & 88 Vict. c. 46. - The Customs (Isle of Man) Tariff Act, 1874. Section one.

50 Vict. sess. 2. c. 5. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1887 Section three.

51 Vict. c 7. - - The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1888 The whole Act.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 28. - The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1892 The whole Act.

mni

94

Short title.

Application of Act. Commencement of Act.

By and to whom orders may heap-plied for.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 100.

Powers of court.

i

Ch. 39. Summary Jurisdiction (Married 58 & 59 Vict.

Women) Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Summary Jurisdiction of Magistrates in reference to Married Women. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Summary Jurisdiction (Married Women) Act, 1895.

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

4. Any married woman whose husband shall have been cojjs^ victed summarily of an aggravated assault upon her within the ifieaning of section forty-three of the Offences against the Person Act, 1861, or whose husband shall have been convicted upon indictment of an assault upon her, and sentenced to pay a fine of more than five pounds or to a term of imprisonment exceeding two pionths, op whose husband shall have deserted her, or whose husband shall have been guilty of persistent cruelty to her, or wilful neglect to provide reasonable maintenance tor her or her imam children whom he is legally liable to maintain, and shall hv such cruelty or neglect have caused her to leave and live separately and apart from him, may apply to any court of summary jurisdiction acting within the city, borough, petty sessional or other division or district, in which any such conviction has taken place, or in which the cause of complaint shall have wholly or partially arisen, for an order or orders under this Act: Provided that where a married woman is entitled to apply for an order or orders under this section on the ground of the conviction of her husband upon indictment, she may apply to the court before whom her husband has been convicted, and that court shall, for the purposes of this section, become a ciurt of summary jurisdiction, and shall have the power without a jury to hear an application, and make the order or orders applied for.

5. The court of summary jurisdiction to which any application under this Act is made may make an order or orders containing all or any of the provisions following, viz.: —

(a.) A provision that the applicant be no longer bound to cohabit with her husband (which provision while in force shall have the effect in all respects of a decree of judicial separation on the ground of cruelty):

(6.) A provision that the legal custody of any children of the marriage between the applicant and her husband, while under the age of sixteen years, be committed to the applicant:

895.

Summary Jurisdiction (.Married Women) Act, 1895.

Ch. 89.

95

(c.) A provision that the husband shall pay to the applicant personally, or for her use, to any officer of the court or third person on her behalf, such weekly sum not exceeding two pounds as the court shall, having regard to the means both of the husband and wife, consider reasonable:

(d.) A provision for payment by the applicant or the husband, or both of them, of the costs of the court and such reasonable costs of either of the parties as the court may think fit.

6. No orders shall be made under this Act on the application of Limitations of a married woman if it shall be proved that such married woman powers of has committed an act of adultery: Provided that the husband has 00111'

not condoned, or connived at, or by his wilful neglect or misconduct conduced to such act of adultery.

7. A court of summary jurisdiction acting within the city, Court may borough, petty sessional or other division or district, in which any or

o ' r «/ ' «/ disenanre

order under this Act or the Acts mentioned in the schedule hereto, order. or either of them, has been made, may, on the application of the married woman or of her husband, and upon cause being shown upon fresh evidence to the satisfaction of the court at any time, alter, vary, or discharge any. such oj.der, and may upon any such application from time to time increase or diminish the amount of any weekly payment ordered to be made, so that the same do not in any case exceed the weekly sum of two pounds. If any married woman upon whose application an order shall have teen made under this Act, or the Acts mentioned in the schedule hereto, or either of them, shall voluntarily resume cohabitation with her husband, or shall commit an act of adultery, such order shall upon proof thereof be discharged.

8. All applications under this Act shall be made in accordance Procedure, with the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and, in the'case of a conviction of a husband for aggravated assault upon his wife, her application may, by leave of the court, be made by summons to be issued and made returnable immediately upon such conviction.

9. The payment of any sum of money directed to be paid by Enforcement any order under this Act may be, enforced in thej same manner as of orders f(lv the payment of money is enforced under an order of affiliation. rao3ney.n °

10. If in the opinion of a court of summary jurisdiction the Court may matters in question between the parties or any of them would be fefuse au or(hr more conveniently dealt with by the High Court, the court of fit for the summary jurisdiction may refuse to make an order under this Act, High Court, and in such case no appeal shall lie from the decision of the court

of summary jurisdiction : Provided always, that the High Court or a judge thereof shall have power by order in any proceeding in the High Court relating to or comprising the same subject matter as the application so refused as aforesaid, or any part thereof, to direct the court of summary jurisdiction to rehear and determine the same.

11. Save as is herein-before provided, an appeal shall lie from any Appeal, order or the refusal of any order by a court of summary jurisdiction

96 Ch. 39, 40. Summary Jurisdiction (Married 58 & 59 ,VICT.

Women) Act, 1895.

under this Act to the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division of the High Court of Justice. Rules of court may from time to time he made regulating the practice and procedure in such appeals. And, until altered'or repealed, any rules already made as to appeals under section four of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1878, shall apply to appeals under this Act.

Repeal of Acts. 12. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent therein mentioned, except so far as they apply to Ireland.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Year and Chapter. j Title or Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 19. Matrimonial Causes Act, 1878 Section four.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 52. - Married Women (Maintenance in The whole Act.

Case of Desertion) Act, 1886.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent' Majesty, by and 1 with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

Certain false 1. Any person who, or the directors of any body or association statements corporate which, before or during any parliamentary election, shall, a^Mdldate for purp0136 of affecting the return of any candidate at such

to be an election, make or publish any false statement of fact in relation to

illegal the personal character or conduct of such candidate shall be guilty

practice. of an illegal practice within the meaning of the provisions of the

46 & 47 Vict. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, and shall be

c. 51. subject to all the penalties for and consequences of committing an

illegal practice in the said Act mentioned, and the said Act shall be taken to be amended as if the illegal practice defined by this Act had been contained therein.

Evidence on 2. No person shall be deemed to be guilty Of such illegal charetfunder Practice if he can show that he had reasonable grounds for

the Act. believing, and did believe, the statement made by him to be true.

1895.

Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 7895.

Cfi. 40, 41.

97

Any person charged with an offence under this Act, and the husband or wife of such person, as the case may be, shall be competent to give evidence in answer to such charge.

3. Any person who shall make or publish any false statement injunction of fact as aforesaid may be restrained by interim or perpetual injunction by the High Court of Justice from any repetition of false state-such false statement or any false statement of a similar character meat-

in relation to such candidate, and for the purpose of granting an interim injunction prima facie proof of the falsity of the statement shall be sufficient.

4. A candidate shall not be liable, nor shall be subject to any Candidate incapacity, nor shall his election he avoided, for any illegal Certain practice under this Act committed by his agent other than his cases of election agent, unless it can be shown that the candidate or his illegal election agent has authorised or consented to the committing of ^agents, such illegal practice by such other agent, or has paid for the circulation of the false statement constituting the illegal practice,

or unless upon the hearing of an election petition the election court shall find and report that the election of such candidate was procured or materially assisted in consequence of the making or publishing of such false statements.

5. This Act may be cited as the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Short title. Prevention Act, 1895, and shall be construed as one with the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, and that Act

and this Act may be cited together as the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Acts, 1883 and 1895.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts.

[6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows I —

1. This Act may be cited as the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Short title Amendment Act, 1895, and shall apply to Scotland only. of Act^1

2. This Act shall be read and construed as one with the Valuation Construction Acts. ofAct-

3. In this Act the expression " Valuation Acts " shall mean and Interpreta-include the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854 (herein-after tion-referred to as the Valuation Act, 1854), and any Acts amending ||||18 Vl0t-the same.

4. Section six of the Valuation Act, 1854, shall be read and Amendment construed as if the following proviso were inserted after the words || section 6

1 of Valuation

G

98

Act, 1854, in cases of erections and structural improvements.

Burgh| valuation , committee to be

appointed.

Ch. 41. Lands Valuation (Scotland) 58 & 59 Vici.

Amendment Act, 1895.

"as compared with the amount of such valuation," that is to say i —

" Provided also, that where any lessee of any such lands and heritages, holding under a lease or agreement, the stipulated duration of which is twenty-one years or under from the date of the entry under the same, and in the case of minerals, thirty-one years-or under from the date of such entry, has made or acquired erections or structural improvements on the subjects let, and where the actual yearly value of such erections or structural improvements cannot, under the provision of section six of this Act, be entered in the valuation roll, such erections or structural improvements shall be deemed to be lands and heritages within the meaning of this Act, and such lessee shall be deemed to be proprietor thereof for the purposes of this Act, and the assessor shall ascertain the yearly value of such erections or structural impro vements as a separate subject, by taking the amount of rent, if any, in addition to the rent stipulated to be paid under such lease or agreement at which, one year with another, the subjects let, and such erections or structural improvements might together, in their actual state, be reasonably expected to let from year to year, in consequence of such erections or structural improvements having been made, and shall make a separate entry thereof in the valuation roll, setting forth all the particulars relating thereto as herein-before provided with respect to other lands and heritages."

But this proviso shall not apply —

(1.) To any erections or structural improvements made or acquired for agricultural purposes by the lessee of subjects wholly or mainly agricultural; nor (2.) To any erections or structural improvements made or acquired, and used exclusively for the purpose of working or cleaning minerals let under such lease or agreement as aforesaid, in respect of which minerals rent or lordship is stipulated to be paid; nor (3.) To coke ovens or other structures in which coal or other minerals are treated, where the rent or lordship stipulated m such Tease or agreement as aforesaid to be paid in respett of such coal or other minerals is4 by the terms of such lease or agreement, calculated upon the coke or other minerals as treated in such ovens or other structures. 5

5. From and after the commencement of this Act, appeals and complaints, under the Valuation Acts, to the magistrates and council in any burgh may be heard and determined in the same manner as prior to the commencement of this Act, by such magistrates and councillors of such burgh, or may be heard and determined by a standing committee of their own number to be annually appointed by such magistrates and council, consisting of -not less than seven nor more than fifteen members, of whom three shall be a quorum, and to be called the burgh valuation committee. The burgh valuation committee may appoint a chairman.

1895.

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Ch. 4*1, 42. 99

Act, 1895.

who shall have a casting as well as a deliberative vote. Any vacancy on the committee caused by death, resignation, or other cause, may be filled up by the magistrates and council. The town clerk shall be* clerk of the committee. The determination of a burgh valuation committee shall, for all purposes, be deemed to be the determination of the magistrates and council by whom it is appointed.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act for the better Regulation of Scottish Sea Fisheries.

[6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be cited as the Sea Fisheries Regulation Short titre. . (Scotland) Act, 1895, and shall be read along with the Sea Fisheries Acts.

2. This Act shall apply to Scotland only, and to the parts of the Extent of Act. sea adjoining Scotland, or within the jurisdiction of the Fishery Board for Scotland.

3. In this Act the expression " Sea Fisheries Acts " means the Definition. Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, the Sea Fisheries Act, 1875,' the Sea 31 & 32 visf-Fisheries Act, 1883, and the Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Amendment &su Vict Act, 1885, and the expression " Herring Fishery (Scotland) Acts " c. 15. means the Herring Fishery Acts enumerated in Schedule I. to the 46 * 47 Vict. Fishery Board (Scotland) Act, 1882, and includes any enactments 43 &‘49 vict amending these Acts or any of them. c. 70. 4

4. From and after the first day of January one thousand eight Constitution of hundred and ninety-six the Fishery Board for Scotland established Fishery Board, by the Fishery Board (Scotland) Act, 1882, shall be reconstituted 43 & 43 vict. in manner following (that is to say) : — c- '8‘

(Id The Board shall consist of seven members, (viz., three members, of whom one shall be the chairman of the Board, a second shall be the sheriff of a county in Scotland, and the third shall be a person 6f skill in the branches of science concerned with the habits and food of fishes, and four members who shall be representative of the various sea fishing interests of Scotland,) to be appointed by Her Majesty from time to time after the passing 6f this Act on the recommendation of the Secretary for Scotland,-and to hold office for five years, unless they sooner die or resign office. Four members shall be a quorum. The chairman or deputy chairman, as the case may be, shall have a casting as well as a deliberative vote.

100

Ch. 42.

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) 58 & 59 Vict. Act, 1S95.

Save as regards the number of the quorum, nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of section four, sub-section (2), of the Fishery Board (Scotland) Act, 1882.

(2.) It shall he lawful for the Secretary for Scotland to appoint a scientific superintendent, who shall hold office during pleasure, and be paid such salary as may he determined by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

The superintendent shall, under the directions of the Fishery Board, conduct and supervise such scientific inquiries as the Board may deem necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Herring Fishery and Sea Fishery Acts.

(3.) The personal and travelling expenses of the members of the Fishery Board on scales to be approved by the Treasury shall be defrayed from moneys to be provided by Parliament.

(4.) The first meeting of the reconstituted Board shall take place on such day as shall be determined by the Secretary for Scotland, on and after which date the present members of the Board (other than the chairman) shall cease to hold office and be discharged of their duties.

Establishment 5. — (l.) On the application of a county council or of a town

-ST council, or of the police commissioners of a police burgh, the Secretary for Scotland may, from time to time, by order —

(a) create a sea fisheries district, including any part of the sea adjoining Scotland, or within the jurisdiction of the Fishery Board for Scotland; and

(b) define the limits of the district and the area chargeable with any expenses under this Act; and

!|| provide for the constitution of a fishery district committee for the regulation of the sea fisheries carried on within the district;

and may from time to time, on a like application by subsequent order, vary any order made under this section, and unite one or more districts or parts of districts into a separate district, or dissolve any district that may have been formed. Provided that no order shall be made affecting any county or burgh or police burgh, or any part thereof, except with the consent of the county council, town council, or police commissioners of such county or burgh or police burgh, as the case may be.

(2.) Before making any order creating a sea fisheries district the Secretary for Scotland shall cause the draft of such order to be locally published in such manner as he may direct, and shall, if any objections are made to such order, or to any of the provisions thereof, cause such local inquiry to be held as may in his opinion be required. Due notice of such inquiry shall be given by advertisement or otherwise, and the report of the person holding such inquiry shall, if the order is made, be laid with the order before both Houses of Parliament.

(3.) Every order made under this section shall be laid for thirty days before both Houses of Parliament while in session, and if either House within that period resolves that the whole or

1895.

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1895.

Ch. 42.

101

any part of the order so made ought not to be in force, the same shall not have any force, without prejudice nevertheless to the making of any other order in its place. Subject to any such resolution, every order so made shall come into force at the expiration of the thirty days aforesaid.

6. — (1.) In each fishery district there shall be a fishery district committee, who shall be a committee composed of such number of district corn-members (in this Act referred to as ordinary members) of the mittees. county councils of the counties, and of the town councils of the royal or parliamentary burghs, and the burgh commissioners of the police burghs, comprised within the district and appearing to have an interest, as may be fixed by the order creating the district, or by any other order of the Secretary for Scotland, with the addition of such number of fishery members representing the fishing interests of the district as may be directed by the order, but not exceeding one half in number of the whole committee. The fishery members may be distributed or apportioned among such portions of counties and among such burghs and police burghs as the Secretary for Scotland shall determine by the order. A fishery district committee shall, subject to the provisions of the order creating the sea fishery district, be a committee of a county council, or town council, or commissioners of a police burgh, or if two or more of such bodies are represented upon it shall be deemed to be a joint committee of such bodies, and the provisions of the Local Government (Scotland) 52 &;53 Vict. Act, 1889, relative to joint committees shall apply accordingly. c*

(2.) So soon as an order creating a district has come into force —

(a.) The ordinary members shall be appointed annually in accordance therewith by the said county councils, town councils, and burgh commissioners respectively, from among their own number, and shall hold office until their successors are appointed.

(b.) Where such order has come into force before the first day of November in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, the fishery members may be nominated by the Secretary of Scotland, but shall cease to hold office when their successors^ are elected as herein-after provided.

(3.) (a.) In the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and in every third year thereafter, being the year in which a county electoral roll falls to be prepared in terms of the provisions of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, or of any Act or Acts amending the same, the fishery members shall be elected'

(subject to regulations to be framed as to nomination, the manner-of conducting the elections, and the mode of defraying the costs.-: thereof, in so far as not herein provided, by the Secretary for Scotland) by all persons included in the expression " fishing interests " as herein-after defined.

(b.) The county and burgh assessors respectively, or other persons charged within a fishery district with the duty of the preparation of the county council and burgh registers of voters (including the registers of police burghs), shall, in the year one

Ch. 42.

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) 58 & 59 Vict.

Act, 1895,

thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, and in every third year thereafter, prefix a distinctive mark (of which they shall have given due notice on the lists published by them) to the number or name of any county or burgh elector whom they shall respectively consider to be entitled, or who shall satisfy them that he is entitled, to be included in the expression " fishing interests."

It shall be lawful to object to the insertion or omission of the distinctive mark in this section mentioned as nearly as may be in the same manner and subject to the same provisions as to appeal and otherwise as in the case of any other entry in or omission from the register and lists of voters.

(c.) At an election each voter shall be entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of members to be elected for the county or burgh or police burgh, or for any two or more of them, for which fishery members are to be elected, and for which he has a vote, but he shall not be entitled to give more than one vote to any candidate.

id.) The elections shall take place in counties (exclusive of burghs, and police burghs) on the same day and; as nearly ,as maybe, in, the same manner, in the same places, and with the same returning and presiding officers and clerks, as the election of county councillors for the county in which the fishery district or part thereof, as the case may be, is situate, or, if there is a contested election for fishery members but there is no contested election for county councillors in the county council electoral division or divisions corresponding to such fishery district or part thereof, as the case may be, as if there were a contested election for county councillors in such electoral division or divisions; and, in burghs and police burghs not divided into Wards, on the same day and, as nearly as may be, in the same manner, in the same places, and with the same returning and presiding officers and clerks, as the election of town councillors and burgh commissioners for the burghs and police burghs in which the fishery district or part thereof, as the case may be, is situate, or, if there is a contested election for fishery members but no contested election for town councillors or burgh commissioners in such burgh or in any ward thereof (if it is divided into Wards), as if there were a contested election for town Councillors or burgh commissioners in such burgh or police burgh or in a ward or wards thereof; and in burghs and police burghs divided into wards the elections shall, take place at such time and in such place within the burgh as the town council or. the police, commissioners respectively may determine, and as nearly as may be in the same manner as the election of town councillors, or ,police commissioners for a ward of such burgh. '

(e.) - The fishery members shall hold office for three years, and any casual vacancy shall be filled by a representative of the fishing interest, to be appointed by the fishery districtcommitteeofi the district in which the vacancy occurs ;< provided that any person appointed to fill such vacancy shall remain in office so long only as, the person in whose room he was appointed would have remained! m office. . h .

1895.

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1895.

Ch. 42.

103

(/.) Where a town council of a burgh or burgh commissioners of a police burgh are represented by an ordinary member or ordinary members upon a fishery district committee, no county councillor appointed under the provisions of the Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1889, to represent any such burgh or police burgh shall in a county council vote in such appointment; and where fishery members are elected in terms of this section for a police burgh, the county electors within such police burgh shall not be entitled to vote in the election of fishery members for the county in which such police burgh is situate.

(4.) A fishery district committee shall from time to time elect a chairman, who shall hold office for such period as shall be fixed at the time of his election. The chairman shall have a casting as well art a deliberative vote.

(5.) The order creating a fishery district shall make provision in regard to the time and place of meeting of the fishery district committee and the appointment of a clerk.

(6.) The expenses of a fishery district committee, so far as sanctioned and payable by a county council, shall be levied and collected within the county (excluding police burghs) as an addition to the general purposes rate, and, so far as sanctioned and payable by a town council or burgh commissioners, by the town council acting as such or as police commissioners, and by the burgh com -missioners as an addition to the burgh general assessment, or where there is no burgh general assessment, to any other available assessment, and the amounts so collected shall on or before the fifteenth day of January next ensuing be paid to the fishery district committee without any deductions whatever.

7. The Fishery Board shall convene, at least once in each year, Annuaj^eet-a meeting composed of not less than one representative nominated ggntativesTof for that year by each fishery district committee to confer with the fishery district Fishery Board, and for consultative purposes on matters relating committees, to this Act.

8. (1 ) A fishery district committee may, from time to time, Byelaws for subiect to such regulations as may be made in that behalf by the regulation of

w son naileries

Fishery Board* impose penalties, and also make byelaws to be observed within their district, for all or any of the following purposes, namely, —

(a.) .For restricting or, prohibiting, either absolutely or subject to such . regulations as may be i provided by the byelaws, any method of fishing for, sea fish or the use of any instrument of fishing for sea fish, and for* determining the size of mesh, form, and dimensions of any instrument of fishing for sea fish;

(b.) For constituting within their district any district of oyster

cultivation for the purposes of, section four of the Fisheries 40&41 v;ct. (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877; c. 42.

(c.) For directing that the proviso to section eight of the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877, which permits edible crabs in certain conditions or under a certain size to be taken by or be in the possession of any person if those crabs, are intended for bait for fishing, shall not apply;

104

Ch. 42.

Power to prohibit seine trawling in certain localities.

Restriction as to beam trawling and otter trawling.

\Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) 58 & 59 Vict. Act, 1895.

(d.) For repealing or amending any order made under section ten of the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877 ;

(e.) For the regulation, protection, and development of fisheries for all or any specified kinds of shell-fish, and any such byelaws shall provide amongst other things for —

(1.) The fixing of the sizes and condition at which shell-fish may not be removed from a fishery, and the mode of determining such sizes;

(2.) The obligation to re-deposit in specified localities any shell-fish, the removal cr possession of which is prohibited by, or in pursuance of, any Act of Parliament;

(3.) The protection of shell-fish laid down for breeding purposes;

(4.) The protection of culch and other material for the reception of spat, that is to say, of the spawn or young of any kinds of shell-fish; and (5.) The obligation to re-deposit such culch or other material in specified localities.

(/.) For prohibiting or regulating the deposit or discharge of any solid or liquid substance detrimental to sea fish or sea fishing; and

(g.) For repealing or amending any byelaw made by the fishery district committee in pursuance of this Act.

(2.) A fishery district committee shall further have power to Stock or re-stock any public fishery for shell-fish.

9. — (1.) The Fishery Board may, by byelaw or byelaws, direct that the method of fishing known as seine trawling shall not be used in any area or areas within the limits specified in section six of the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Act, 1889. or in the schedule annexed to that Act, as defined in such byelaw, and may from time to time make, alter, and revoke byelaws for the purposes of this section.

(2.) Any person, who uses such method of fishing in contravention of any such byelaw, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds for the first offence, and not exceeding twenty pounds for the second or any subsequent offence; and every net set, or attempted to be set, in contravention of any such byelaw, may be seized and destroyed or otherwise disposed of by any superintendent of the herring fishery or other officers employed in the execution of the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Acts. Provided always that, if no conviction shall follow, any net so seized shall be forthwith returned, and due compensation shall be made for any loss or damage occasioned thereto by such seizure.

10. — (1.) The Fishery Board may, by byelaw or byelaws, direct that the methods of fishing known as beam trawling and otter trawling shall not be used in any area or areas under the jurisdiction of Her Majesty, within thirteen miles of the Scottish coast, to be defined in such byelaw, and may from time to time make, alter, and revoke byelaws for the purposes of this section. Provided that the powers conferred in this section shall not be exercised in

1895.

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1895.

Ch. 42.

10

respect to any areas under Her Majesty's jurisdiction lying opposite to any part of the coasts of England, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, within thirteen miles thereof.

(2.) No byelaw under this section shall be confirmed by the Secretary for Scotland until he shall have directed a local inquiry to be held in the district adjoining the part of the sea to be included in the byelaw; at which inquiry all persons interested shall be heard, whether resident in the district or not; and notice of such inquiry shall be sent to all committees of sea fishery districts in the United Kingdom.

(3.) Provided that no area of sea within the said limit of thirteen miles shall be deemed to be under the jurisdiction of Her Majesty for the purposes of this section unless the powers conferred thereby shall have been accepted as binding upon their own subjects with respect to such area by all the States signatories of the North Sea Convention, 1882.

(4.) Any person who uses any such method of fishing in contravention of any such byelaw, shall be liable on conviction, under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and failing immediate payment of the fine to imprisonment for a period not exceeding sixty days, without prejudice to diligence by poinding or arrestment, if no imprisonment has followed on the conviction; and every net set, or attempted to be set, in contravention of any such byelaw, may be seized and destroyed or otherwise disposed of by any superintendent of the herring fishery or other officers employed in the execution of the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Acts. Provided always that, if no conviction shall follow, any net so seized shall be forthwith returned, and due compensation made for any loss or damage occasioned thereto by such seizure.

(5.) Sub-section two of section seven of the Herring Fishery 52 & 53 Vict. (Scotland) Act, 1889, is hereby repealed, and the provisions of the e- 23, foregoing sub-section shall be and are hereby substituted therefor.

(6.) Failing payment by a certain date named in the conviction of the fine imposed upon the person or persons convicted, decree therefor may be pronounced against the owner or owners of the offending vessel or boat, and upon such decree being pronounced the person or persons convicted shall be relieved therefrom and from all penalties attaching thereto.

Mussel Fisheries.

11. The Fishery Board shall, within six months after the Fishery Board passing of this Act, and after due notice and advertisement of i£tofmussel their intention so to do, draw up a list or schedule of mussel or beds, dam fisheries or beds or scalps as presently existing within the area defined by this Act, and shall specify therein the situation and limits thereof and the names of the owners or reputed owners respectively.

The list or schedule shall be published and circulated in such manner as the Fishery Board shall think fit, and a copy shall be sent to each of the owners or reputed owners specified therein.

106

Ch. 42.

Se(t Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) 58 & 59 Vict. Act, 1895.

The principal list or schedule shall bq kept aucl retained in the office of the Fishery Board, and shall be revised or added , to as circumstances may require, of 12.For the purposes of this Act, and with a view to the Xmbeds. maintenance and regulation of mussel or elam fisheries or beds or scalps, and for the cultivation of- mussels and' clams generally, the Fishery Board may, if it see fit,-take on lease or acquire by purchase any mussel or clam fisheries or beds or scalps whether on the list or schedule herein-before provided for or hot; and AVith- respect to the purchase of such fisheries or beds or scalps otherwise' than by agreement, the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts 'in rfegard to the taking of land otherwise than by agreement ate hereby incorporated with this Act:oor i-j

Byelaws for -jfj fishery district committee may, from time to time, regulation otc «/ «/ * . '

of mussel and' Subject to such regulations as may be made in that behalf by the clam beds. Fishery Board, impose penalties and also make byelaws for the establishment or improvement and for the maintenance and regulation of. mussel and clam fisheries or beds or scalps and. for the cultivation,of mussels and generally for all or any of the following purposes, viz.p.^w-' ,

(a.) For restricting or prohibiting, either entirely or subject to such regulations . as the. Fishery Board may think fit, the removal or taking of mussels or clams from the mussel pr clam fisheries or beds. or scalps established or acquired as aforesaid within the area to which this Act applies;

(b.) For prohibiting the sale, removal, or taking of mussels or clams for the purposes of manure from any part of the sea adjoining Scotland (c.) For prohibiting the removal or taking of mussels or clams below a certain specified size from any part of the -sea adjoining Scotland; r Ifdjj For letting on lease by the Fishery Board, either for one year or for a period of years, any mussel or clam fishery or bed or scalp either in whole or in part in any part of the sea, adjoining Scotland, subject to such payment of rent and other stipulations and to such restrictions and .'conditions as the Fishery Board shall direct; ,

(e.) For repealing or amending any byelaw made in pursuance of this section.

Higbttode- 14. The Fishery Board or their sub-lessees or tenants shall, posit, dredge, where they have respectively acquired a title under this Act, and subject to the rights of the Crown and its grantees, and also >«Mi Vo - subject to any byelaws from time to time in force in the district, have within the limits of each fishery district the exclusive right of depositing, propagating, dredging, and taking mussels and clams, and in the exercise of that right may within the limits of the district make and maintain mussel or clam fisheries and beds or scalps and collect and remoye the same from place to place, and deposit the same as and where they think fit, and do all other things which they think proper for obtaining, storing, and disposing of the produce of their fishery: Provided always that,

1895.

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1895.

Ch. 42.

107

when the Fishery Board or their sub-lessees or tenants hold any mussel or clam fishery or bed or scalp on lease, they shall in no case exceed the powers conferred upon them in their respective leases.

15. The Fishery Board or their sub-lessees or tenants, where Right of they, have respectively acquired a title under this Act, may, subject F^her^Board, to the rights of the Crown and its grantees, impose tolls or royalties tolls and P°8e upon persons dredging and taking mussels or clams within the royalties, limits of the fishery district, and shall have power to carry inti'

effect and enforce the restrictions and regulations which they are by this Act entitled to impose. All such restrictions, regulations, tolls, and royalties shall be imposed on and apply to all such persons equally, and shall be applied for the benefit of the fishery only. - yji/jM " / ‘-y-11 -

Any person who dredges or-takes mussels or clams in contravention of any such restriction or regulation, or without paying any such toll or royalty, shall be liable on summary conviction to pay a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, and to forfeit all mussels; Bp. taken, or a sum equal to the val ue thereof if they have, -been sold,which forfeiture may be enforced in the same mapner. as. a pgpalty., un, j) r.osjj-'- aktl ul muM a ;

The^Court may direct such forfeiture to be delivered or paid, .to the Fishery Board, or to their sub-lessees or tenants, to be applied by them for the improvement,-and cultivation of .mussel or ciqm fisheries within the fishery district.

16. The Fishery Board may, with the approval of the Secretary Fishery Board ] of Scotland, borrow from the Public Works Loan Commissioners, may borrow on and the said Commissioners may, if they think fit, lend on the f®jj"rity of the security of the tolls and royalties to be imposed under the provisions of this Act, such sums as may be required for the purchase, lease, maintenance, or regulation of any mussel or claim

fisheries, or beds or scalps, or for the cultivation of mussels or clams generally

17. It shall not he lawful for any person other than the Crown Protection of or Its grantees, and . the Fishery Board or their sub-lessees, ^fisheries tenants, in so far as they have respectively acquired a title under; 5 n° this. Act, their agents, servants, and workmen, within the limits of

a fishery district constituted by the order, knowingly to do any of the following things : —

,To use on or near, a mussel or clam fishery or bed or scalp, unless with the sanction of the Fishery Board or the fishery district. j committee, any implement of fishing, except aline and hook,-or a net adapted solely for catching floating fish, and so used as not to disturb or injure in any manner any mussel or clam,; fishery or bed or scalp:

To dredge for any ballast or other substance upon or near a mussel or clam fishery or bed or scalp except under a, lawful m authority for improving the navigation:

. To deposit any ballast, rubbish, or other substance on or near to" a mussel or clam bed or scalp:$

108 Ch. 42. Seat Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) 58 & 59 Vict

Act, 1895.

To place any implement, apparatus, or thing prejudicial, or likely to be prejudicial, to any mussel or clam fishery or bed or scalp, except for a lawful purpose of navigation or anchorage:

And if any person does any act in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to pay a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, and every such person shall also be liable to make full compensation to the Fishery Board, or to the fishery district committee, or to their sub-lessees or tenants, and to the owner respectively, for all damage sustained by them or him by reason of his unlawful act.

o^'rs under 1®* orders made under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, or any 31 & 32 Vict. amending the same, before the commencement of this Act, c. 45. but not confirmed, and all proceedings taken before the com-

mencement of this Act with a view to obtain any such orders shall have effect and be proceeded with as if this Act had not passed.

Appointment 19, — (1.) A fishery district committee may appoint such fishery

and power 0^ officers as they deem expedient for the purpose of enforcing the s ery o cers. 0\jgervance within their district of byelaws made by the Committee, provided that nothing in this section shall exempt the coastguard and Admiralty officers from their statutory duty in enforcing the law and regulations affecting vessels engaged in sea fishing.

(2.) For the purpose of enforcing those byelaws every such fishery officer may, within the limits of the district, or of any fishery district —

(a) stop and search any vessel or vehicle used within the district in fishing or in conveying either fish or any substance, the deposit or discharge of which is prohibited or regulated by any such byelaws; and

(b) search and examine all instruments used in catching or carrying fish; and

(c) seize any sea fish or instrument liable to be forfeited in pursuance of any such byelaws.

(3.) If any person without reasonable excuse (proof whereof shall lie on him) refuses to allow any such officer to exercise the powers conferred on him by this Act, or resists or obstructs any such officer in the performance of his duty, be shall for every such offence be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds. m

(4.) For the enforcement of the provisions of any such byelaws every such officer shall be deemed to be a police constable, and to have the same powers and privileges, and be subject to the same liabilities, as a police constable duly appointed has and is subject to at common law or by statute.

Power to 20. Without prejudice to any powers otherwise vested in them,

tect^ a° Pr°" ®oard may from time to time, subject to the approval

fisheries. of the Secretary for Scotland and of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, employ such officers and vessels and take such other means as shall be necessary for the efficient protection of the sea fisheries and for the observance of such byelaws as may from

1805.

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland)

Act, 1895.

Ga. 42.

199

time to time be in force: Provided that nothing in this section shall exempt the coastguard and Admiralty officers from their statutory duty in enforcing the law and regulations affecting vessels engaged in sea fishing.

21. It shall be lawful for any sheriff or any two justices of the Power toenter peace upon information on oath that there is probable cause to s"®£fscted suspect any breach of any byelaw made under this Act to have p been committed, or that any sea fish or instrument liable to be forfeited in pursuance of any such byelaw is concealed on any premises, by warrant under his hand to authorise and empower any fishery officer appointed under this Act, or any police constable, to enter the premises for the purpose of detecting the offence or the concealed fish or instrument at such time or times in the day or night as in the warrant may be mentioned, and to seize any such fish or instruments which may be found on the premises: Provided that the warrant shall not continue in force for more than one week from the date thereof.

22. — (1.) All byelaws made in pursuance of the provisions of this

Act shall before coming into operation be confirmed by the Secretary ' for Scotland.

(2.) Any byelaw under this Act may provide for its application either to the whole or to any specified part or parts of a fishery district, and either during the whole or any specified part or parts of the year.

(3.) The Fishery Board may, by their byelaws, in so far as not otherwise provided for, impose as penalties for the breach of any byelaw fines not exceeding for any offence the sum of twenty pounds, and in the case of a continuing offence the additional sum of ten pounds for every day during which the offence continues, and in any case forfeiture of any fishing instrument used or sea fish taken in contravention of, or found in the possession of a person contravening, any byelaw.

23. All penalties, offences, and proceedings under this Act, or Mode of under any order made thereunder, may be prosecuted summarily under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and any person aggrieved 1

by any conviction under this Act, or by any determination or adjudication of the Court with respect to any compensation under, this Act, may appeal in the manner provided in these Acts.

24. The Fishery Board shall give every assistance in carrying Assistance out the provisions of this Act, and where necessary shall employ ^"cjfisliery their officers to facilitate its execution.

25. — (1.) Nothing in or done under this Act shall — Saving.

(a) where the soil under any mussel or clam fisheries, or beds or scalps, is vested in the Crown, and is under the management of the Commissioners of Woods or the Board of Trade, entitle any person to acquire that soil without the consent of the Commissioners of Woods or the Board of Trade, as the case may require; or

(b) affect any powers, authorities, rights, or privileges, exerciseable by the Board of Trade in the public interest.

110 Ch. 42. Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) 58 & 59 Vict.

Act, 1895.

j Except in so far as powers are expressly given under this Act, nothing in this Act contained shall affect or alter the rights of any person having or claiming to have a right or title to mussel or clam fisheries, or mussel or clam beds or scalps, in the sea adjoining Scotland, and within the jurisdiction of the Fishery Board.

Powers of 26. The Fishery Board shall in respect of any parts of Scotland

where no dis- where there is no fishery district committee have all the powers to triet committee make regulations and byelaws and to impose penalties given in is constituted. |gj'g Act to fishery district committees.

Power to apply j||| Section one of the Fishery Board (Scotland) Extension of <rrant under - - 1 */. < \ /

5 G. i. c. 64., Powers Act, 1894, shall be read as if the words " in providing as security to " collateral security for any loan made by the Public Works Loan Loan^Commis- " Commissioners with the approval of the Fishery Board " were sioners. omitted, and the words " as security for obtaining a loan from the

Public Works Loan Commissioners " inserted instead thereof.

Definitions. 28. For the purposes of this Act —

The expression " fishing interests" shall include all persons engaged or employed in the industry or business of sea fishing, excepting fisheries for salmon and fish of the salmon kind 'as defined by any Act relating to salmon, either as owners of fisheries or interests therein, fishermen, fishing boat owners, smack owners, fish curers, fish merchants, or otherwise:$

The expression " sea fish " shall not include salmon as defined by any Act relating to salmon.

Repeal. 29. The Act specified in the schedule to this Act is hereby

repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

SCHEETJLE.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal. Date from which Repeal takes effect.

45146 Vict. | 78. Fishery Board (Scotland) Act,; , 1882. Sub-section one Mn of seption four. Sub-section. two ' of section four, the! ' ' words " three mem-| ,-Abers shall be. | . " a quorurq," The first of January i ip thesyear one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

1895.

Naturalization Act, 1895.

Ch. 43, 44.

Ill

CHAPTER 43 .....

An Act to amend the Naturalization Act, 1870, so far as respects Children of Naturalized British Subjects in the service of the Crown resident out of the United Kingdom. [6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1, — (1.) The residence of a child of a naturalized British subject with his father while in the service of the Crown out of the United y;ct c-Kingdom, shall have, and be deemed always to have had, the same s. 10 effect, for the purpose of subsection five of section ten of the Naturalization Act, 1870, as residence with such father in the naturalized United Kingdom. British

(2.) Subsection five of section ten of the Naturalization Act,

1870, shall have effect as if the words " or with such father while abroad, in the service of the Crown out of the United Kingdom " had been inserted therein after the words " part of the United Kingdom," and every copy of the Naturalization Act, 1870, hereafter printed may be printed accordingly.

2. This Act may be cited as the Naturalization Act, 1895. Short title.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council.

[6th July 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : —

1. — (1.) If any person being or having been Chief Justice or a Provision as to Judge of the Supreme Court of the Dominion of Canada, or of a o^havh^he^n Superior Court in any province of Canada, of any of the Australasian Colonial ChieT colonies mentioned in the schedule to this Act, or of either of the Justices or South African colonies mentioned in the said schedule, or of any Judges' other Superior Court in Her Majesty's Dominions named in that behalf by Her Majesty in Council, is a member of Her Majesty's Privy Council, he shall be a member of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

(2.) The number of persons being members of the Judicial Committee by reason of this Act shall not exceed five at any one time.

11

Ch. 44.

Short title.

Judici(d,Committee Aimmdment 58 & 59'Yloci

Act, 1895.

(3.) The provisions of thi^Act'sK&li «§ in addition to, and shall not affect, any other enactment,for the, appointment of or relating to membersof the Judicial Ootemittee.

2; This Act may he cited as the Judicial , Committee Amendment Act, 1895.

SCHEDULE.

Australasian Colonies.

New South "Wales.

New Zealand.

Queensland.

South Australia.

Tasmania.

" Victoria.

Western Australia.

South African Colonies.

Cape of deed Hope.

Natal.

5 9 VICT^SESSION

1895.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1895, Session 2.

Ch. 1.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[5th September 1895.]

T17 HE REAS the Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five:$

Anri whereas the Act mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act, is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six:$

Anri whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:$

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this Continuance Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule,

be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2.) The Act mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March one thousand, eight hundred and ninety-seven, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(3.) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Short titl<^ Act, 1895, Session 2.

SCHEDULE. Part I.

1. Session and Chapter. 2. Title or Short Title. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(1)

5 & 6 Will. 4. The Linen Manufactures The whole Act 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91.

c. 27. (Ireland) Act, 1835. 5 & 6 Vict. c. G8.

7 & 8 Vict. e. 47

116

Ch. 1. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1895,

Session 2.

59 Vict.

1. . 2. 3. 4.

Session and Chapter. Title or Short Title. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(2.)

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89.

(3.)

4 & 5 Vict. c.

30.

An Act to exempt, until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred aud forty-one, inhabitants of .parishes, townships, and villages from liability to he rated as such, in respect of stock in trade or other property, to the relief of the poor.

The whole Act.

The Ordnance Act, 1841.

Survey

10

(4.)

& 11 Vict.

c. 98.

11

14

(5.) & 12 32.

(6.) & 13 c. 104.

Vict.

Vict.

(7.)

17 & 18

c. 102.

(8.) 23 & 24 c. 19.

Vict.

Vict.

24

(9.) & 25 . 109.

Vict.

An Act to amen'd the law as to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

The County Cess (Ire; land) Act, 1848.

The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851.

The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854.

An Act to extend the Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Acts amending the same,‘to the erection of Dwellings for the Labouring .Classes in Ireland.

The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861.

(10.)

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105.

The whole Act

As to the provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

The whole Act

The whole Act

An Act to remove certain restrictions on the negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited sum.

So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The whole Act.

As to the appointment of inspectors, s. 31.

The whole Act

33 Vict. c. 13.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 30.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 94.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 46.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114.

s. 10.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. s. 6.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 39.

' s.3.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 50.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

Ch. 1,

117

1895.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1895, Session 2.

— — 2. 3. 4.

1. . Session and Title or Short Title. How far continued. Amending Acts.

Chapter.

(11.) . 27 & 28 Vict. i - ' — An Act to remove certain The whole Act.

c. 20. restrictions on the negotiation of Promissory ' Notes and Bills of 1 Exchange under a limited sum in Ireland.

(12.) 28 & 29 Vict. An Act to suspend the The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

c. 46. making of lists and the ballots for the Militia

(13.) 28 & 29 Vict. of the United Kingdom.

The Locomotives Act, The whole Act | 41 & 42 Vict. c. 58.

C. 83. 1865. 4'1 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.)

(14.) The wholo Act.

29 & 80 Vict. An Act to extend the 1

c. 52. law relating to the expenses of prosecutions, and to make

provision for expenses on charges of felony and certain misdemeanors before examiningmagis-

trates.

(15.)

31 & 32 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- So much as is 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75.

c. 125. tions Act, 1868. continued by the Corrupt 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

and Illegal Practices Pre-

vention Act, 1883.

(16.)

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. The whole Act 34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

(17.)

33 & 34 Vict. c. 112. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870. The whole Act 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100. 41 Vict. c. 6.

(18.)

34 & 35 Vict. The Sunday Observation The whole Act.

c. 87. Prosecution Act, 1871.

(19.)

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. The Ballot Act, 1872 The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

(Municipal Elec-

(20.) tions).

38 & 39 Vict. c. 84. The Parliamentary Elections (Returning Offi- The whole Act 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

cers) Act, 1875. s. 32.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 62.

(21.) 49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. The Jurors Qualification (Ireland) Act, 1876. The whole Act 57 & 58 Vict. c. 49.

.. o 41 & 42 Vict c. 41. The Parliamentary Elections, Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 58 54 & 55 Vict. c. 49.

Ch. 1.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1895, Session 2.

59 Vict,

(23.)

41 & 42 Vict.

c. 72.

(24.)

43 Vict. c. 18.

(25.)

43 & 44 c. 42.

(26.)

44 & 45 Vict

(27.)

45 & 46 c. 59.

Vict.

Vict.

The Sale of liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, 1878.

The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880.

The Employers' Liability Act, 1880.

The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1881.

The Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882.

46

(28.) & 47 , 51.

Vict.

(29.)

46 & 47 Vict. c. 60.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883.

The whole Act.

The whole Act

The whole Act.

The whole Act

As to the powers of Her Majesty in Council and of the Scotch Education Department, s. 47.

The whole Act.

The whole Act

(30.) 47 & 48 c. 70.

49

(31.) & 50 . 29.

Vict.

Vict.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 24.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 20.

(32.) & 51 . 30.

Vict.

(33.) 51 & 52 c. 55.

(34.) & 53 . 40.

52

Vict.

Vict.

The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.

The Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886

The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887.

The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888.

The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889.

The whole Act

As to the powers of the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22.

So much of section one as relates to the time within which applications under the section may he made.

The whole Act

As to the powers of the joint education com mittee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 77.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 59. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 71.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 7.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 24.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 63. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 41.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 13.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 59.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 48.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

1895. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1895, Ch. 1, 2. 119

Session 2.

Part II.

1. Session and Chapter. 2. Title or Short Title. 8. . How far continued. ' 4. Amending Acts.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56. The Endowed Schools Act, 1869. As to the powers of making schemes and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners. 36 & 37 Vict c. 87. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 87. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 40.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[5th September 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whereas the term of office of the persons who are at the Appoint-passing of this Act Public Works Loan Commissioners under the ment.of Public Works Loans Act, 1875, will expire at the end of a period of five years from the first day of April one thousand eight hundred Loan Com-and ninety-one, and it is expedient to appoint Commissioners for "»issioners a further period of five years; therefore the following persons, j-ears.76 that is to say : 38 & 39 Vict,

Herbert Barnard, Esquire; c- 89-

The Right Honourable Lord Napier and Ettrick, K.T.;

Richard Musgrave Harvey, Esquire;

The Right Honourable Lord Hillingdon;

Edward Howley Palmer, Esquire ;

Thomas Salt, Esquire;

Samuel Steuart Gladstone, Esquire;

Herbert Cokayne Gibbs, Esquire ;

Sir Edward Birkbeck, Bart.;

Edward Norman, Esquire;

Arthur O'Connor, Esquire, M.P.;

The Right Honourable Lord Iveagh;

The Honourable Sir Charles William Fremantle, K.C.B.;

The Honourable Evelyn Hubbard;

Basil Guy Oswald Smith, Esquire:

Francis William Buxton, Esquire;

Edward Henry Loyd, Esquire ;

Frederick Greene, Esquire;

Ch. 2. Public Worlcs Loans Act, 1895, Session 2. 59 Vict.

shall after the passing of this Act be the Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, and shall hold office until the expiration of five years from the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six.

2. — (1.) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely —

(a.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of two million pounds;

(b.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, any sura or sums not exceeding in the whole eight hundred thousand pounds;

(2.) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the c°r651 Vl0t provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

Provision 3. Whereas the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland

as to Suck advanced during the year one thousand eight hundred and

toansaS<3 eighty-one the sum of Three thousand seven hundred and eighty-

six pounds one shilling to the River Suck Drainage Board out of money placed at the disposal of the Commissioners under the 43 & 44 Vict. Relief of Distress (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1880, and the Acts c> 14- amending the same, by the Commissioners of Church Temporalities,

and the sum so advanced was to bear no interest for two years after the date of the advance, but after the expiration of those two years was to bear interest at the rate of one per cent, per annum, and was to be repaid by an annuity of Three pounds eight shillings for every hundred pounds of the advance for thirty-five years, but no payments have yet been made on account of that annuity;

53 & 54 Vict. And whereas by the River Suck Drainage (Provision of Funds) 12- Act, 1890, provision was made fixing the rate of interest on all

advances made by the Commissioners of Public Works to the said Board at three and a quarter per centum per annum, and for the repayment of such advances by an annuity of four pounds ten shillings for every hundred pounds advanced for forty years, and this provision was to take effect notwithstanding anything in any other Act;

And whereas it was not intended that the last recited provision should alter the terms on which the said advance to the River Suck Drainage Board was originally made, and jt is. expedient that those terms should be restored, and further, that provision should be made for enabling the Board to redeem by a present payment the annuity payable in respect of the said advance and any arrears thereof, therefore-^--53 & 54 vict. (1.) Nothing in section three of the River Suck Drainage (Provision of Funds) Act, 1890,shall affect or be held-to have affected the said advance of three thousand seven hundred and eighty-six pounds one shilling by the Commissioners of Public Works to the River Suck Drainage Board, and that advance shall be subject to the same conditions both as -to interest and ns to manner of repayment as if that Act had not been passed:

120

Grants for

public

works.

1895.

Public Works Loam Act, 1895, Session 2.

Ch. 2.

121

(2.) The annuity payable in respect of the said advance, and any arrears thereof, may be redeemed by the Eiver Suck Drainage Board by the payment of such sum as the Treasury, with the concurrence of the Irish Land Commission, fix as necessary for such redemption; and any sum so paid for redemption shall be paid over under the direction of the Treasury to the Irish Land Commission, and applied by them as money transferred to them from the Commissioners of Church Temporalities in Ireland:$

13.) The Commissioners of Public Works may, out of money placed at their disposal under this Act, advance to the River Suck Drainage Board the sum fixed as necessary for the redemption of the said annuity and any arrears thereof, and any such advance by the said Commissioners shall be repaid to the Commissioners in manner provided by section three of the 53 & 54 Vict. River Suck Drainage (Provision of Funds) Act, 1890. c. 12.

4. Whereas there is due from the Commissioners of Anstruther Bemissionof Union Harbour to the Public Works Loan Commissioners the sum

of sixteen thousand five hundred pounds, and this sum was under Harbour the Public Works Loans Act, 1887, written off from the account of Commis-assets of the local loans fund;';. , ,. gi , f?c-. SI0ner8,

And whereas there is also due from the Commissioners of the 50 & 51 Vict. said harbour to the Fishery Board for Scotland- the sum of six c' 37‘ thousand five hundred pounds, but this debt is postponed to the security granted to the Public Works Loan Commissioners in respect of the said debt of sixteen thousand five hundred pounds;

And whereas the Treasury have agreed to accept the sum of one thousand pounds cash in satisfaction of the said two debts, and it is expedient that this agreement be confirmed ;

Therefore the said two debts, including all claims for interest in respect thereof, shall be extinguished,'and the amount thereof shall be deemed a free grant by Parliament. 5

5. Whereas the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland during Bemissionof the years one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, one thousand mteres*

t / < o o */ 7 accrued on

eight hundred and eighty-two, and one thousand eight hundred loan to and eighty-three, made advances amounting in all to the sum of Donegal forty thousand pounds to the West Donegal Railway Company, 5ailway for the purpose of enabling that company to complete the portion of. their railway running between Stranorlar and Druminin, both situated in the county of Donegal, and such advances were repayable within twenty-five years, with interest at the rate of five per cent, (subsequently reduced to four per cent.) per annum ;

And whereas by the Donegal Railway Act, 1892, the West 55 & 56 Vict. Donegal Railway Company was amalgamated with the Finn Valley c- clx1' Railway Company, and the amalgamated companies are now known as the Donegal Railway Company;

And whereas the balance of the capital sum of forty thousand pounds due in respect of the said advances was repaid by the

122

Ch. 2.

Public WorJcs Loans Act, 1895, Session 2.

59 Vict.

Donegal Railway Company on the fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five, but of the sums accrued due in respect of interest on the said advances, which amounted on that date to the sum of twenty-one thousand two hundred and thirty-two pounds sixteen shillings and fourpence, the sum of eighteen thousand one hundred and four pounds four shillings and sixpence only has been repaid by the said company, leaving the sum of three thousand one hundred and twenty-eight pounds eleven shillings and tenpence unpaid ;

And whereas arrears arose by reason of the income of the said portion of the railway for the purpose of completing which the advances were made being insufficient to enable any further sum to be repaid on account of the interest due in respect of the said advances, and it is expedient, for the purpose of enabling the Donegal Railway Company to raise by the issue of stock the sums required for the repayment of the capital of the said advances, to remit the balance remaining unpaid in respect of the interest od the said advances;

Therefore the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may accept in full discharge of the interest accrued due in respect of the said advances, the sum of eighteen thousand one hundred and four pounds four shillings and sixpence, and the balance of the said interest remaining unpaid is hereby remitted and shall be deemed to be a free grant by Parliament.

Certain debts 6. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local reckoned loans specified in the schedule to this Act should, to the extent

assets of 8 specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned as

local loans assets of the local loans fund established under the National Debt, mTss 5i vict an<^ bocal Loans Act, 1887: therefore the principal of the said e-16 ‘ loans shall, to that extent, be written off from the assets of the local

loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

Remission 7. Whereas the properties mortgaged as security for the loans

of certain mentioned in Part II. of the schedule to this Act have been sold

labourers01 with the consent of the Treasury, and it is therefore expedient

dwellings that the debts due in respect of the principal sums outstanding on

Act. account of these loans should be extinguished: Therefore the said

29so Vict. ,jekts shall be extinguished, and the amounts thereof shall be

deemed to be a free grant from Parliament.

Short title. 8. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1895, Session 2.

1895.

Public Works Loans Act, 1895, Session 2,

Ch. 2.

123

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount advanced Amount repaid. 1 Amount outstanding, to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

John Wall - Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 31). £ 69 f £ s. d. 1 13 3 £ 0. d. 67 6 9

Dan Donovan Do. - - - 60 9 11 6 50 8 6

Ml. Carty - Do. - 50 2 16 10 47 3 2

S. McManus Do. 40 11 13 3 28 6 9

Pat. O'Boyle Do. - 75 8 10 9 66 9 3

Catherine Corr - Do. . - 54 11 10 10 1 42 9 2

ML Regan - Do. - 60 31 15 9 I 28 4 3

Jas.Donlon Do. - 60 0 12 4 <5 00

John Reilly - Do. - 68 4 10 4 63 9 8

Part II.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland — continued.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount advanced. Amount repaid. Amount outstanding, to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund and to be extinguished.

Hugh Kelly Labouring Classes Lodging Houses and Dwellings Act (Ireland), 1866 (29 & 30 Vict. c. 44.). £ s. d. 2,050 0 0 £ s. d. 961 4 11 £ s. d. 1,088 15 1

Joseph Gallagher Do. 560 0 0 545 3 11 14 16 1

2,610 0 0 1,506 8 10 1,103 11 2

124

Ch. 2, 8. Public Works Loans Act, 1895, Session 2.

59 Vict.

Part III.

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Loans to Fishermen under the Crofters' Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 29.).

District. Amount advanced. Amount repaid and realised by sale of Boats. Amount outstanding to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Wick - - 369 0 0 203 15 11 165 4 1

Stornoway - -. 658 8 0 378 3 11 280 4 1

Barra 67 0 0 33 8 3 33 11 9

CHAPTER 3.

An Act for removing Doubts as to the Validity of an Act passed by the Parliament of the Dominion of Canada respecting the Deputy-Speaker of the Senate.

[5th September 1895.]

Confirmation of Canadian Act with respect to Speaker of Senate.

WHEREAS the Parliament of Canada have passed an Act intituled " An Act respecting the Speaker of the Senate," and providing for the appointment of a deputy during the illness or absence of the Speaker of the Senate, and containing a suspending clause to the effect that the Act should not come into force until Her Majesty's pleasure thereon has been signified by proclamation in the Canada Gazette:$

And whereas doubts have arisen as to the power of the Parliament of Canada to pass that Act, and it is expedient to remove those doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Act of the Parliament of Canada passed in the session held in the fifty-seventh and fifty-eighth years of Her Majesty's reign, entitled "An Act respecting the Speaker of the Senate," shall be deemed to be valid, and to have been valid, as from the date at which the royal assent was given thereto by the Governor-General of the Dominion of Canada.

Short title. 2. This Act may be cited as the Canadian Speaker (Appointment of Deputy) Act, 1895, Session 2.

1895. Pv/rchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Ch. 4, 5. 125

Act, 1895, Session 2.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to re-enact Section Thirteen of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891. [5th September 1895.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, Section thirteen of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, Re-enactment shall have effect as if enacted in this Act, with the modification odlficn‘ that agreements thereunder may be entered into at any time within 54 & 55 vict six months of the passing of this Act. 48-s- *

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Purchase of Land Construction (Ireland) Act, 1891, and maybe cited as the Purchase of Land ^"jdshort (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1895, Session 2.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to provide for the Acquisition of a Site for Public Offices in Westminster and for purposes connected therewith. [5th September 1895.]

WHEREAS various lands in and near to Great George Street,

King Street, and Charles Street, Westminster, have been purchased from time to time by the Commissioners of Works for the purpose of a site for public offices, and whereas, with a view to providing a site for building new public offices near the said streets, and for improving the approaches to the Houses of Parliament, it is expedient to provide for the purchase by agreement of other land in the same locality as that above mentioned, and for purposes connected with the acquisition of the said site:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. — (1.) The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund Issue and of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof such sums rai^ingfof not exceeding in the whole the sum of four hundred and fifty j^chase' thousand pounds as may be required by the Commissioners of Works money, for such purchase of lands in Westminster for a site for public offices and such purposes connected with the acquisition of that site as the Treasury may approve.

(2.) The Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time borrow money for the purpose of meeting the sums so to be issued, or repaying to the Consolidated Fund all or any part of the sums so issued.

(3.) The money so borrowed shall be repaid by an annuity or annuities of such amount as will repay the same with interest in

126 Ch. 5, 6. Public Ojjices (Acquisition of Site) 59 Vict.

Act, 1895, Session 2.

such a term not exceeding fifty years from the date of the borrowing of the money as the Treasury riiay fix.

(4.) The annuities shall be paid out of the moneys annually provided by Parliament for the service of the Commissioners of Works; and, if those moneys are insufficient, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof.

Accounts of 2. — (1.) The Commissioners of Works shall, within six months

expenditure, after the end of every financial year in which money is issued under this Act, cause to be made out an account, in the form required by the Treasury, showing the money issued and expended in pursuance of this Act, and the securities created for providing such money.

. (2.) The accounts of expenditure under this Act shall be audited and reported upon by the Controller and Auditor General as appro-29 & 30 Vict. priation accounts in manner directed by the Exchequer and Audit c-39- Departments Act, 1866.

Short title. 3. This Act may be cited as the Public Offices (Acquisition of Site) Act, 1895, Session 2.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to tire service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. [5th September 1895.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows;

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

issue of 1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the

37,094,0871. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards Consolidated Taking good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of Fund. the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand

eight hundred and ninety-six, the sum of thirty-seven million ninety-four thousand and eightyrseven pounds.

Treswuryrtohe 1 % The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of tiorrow. England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum,

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895* Session 2.

Ch. 6.

any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of thirty-seven million ninety-four thousand and eighty-seven pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

127

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act out of the said Consolidated Appropriation Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, fors^piser-amOunting, as appears by Schedule A. annexed to this Act, in the vices and of aggregate, to the sum of thirty-seven million ninety-four thousand sums applied and eighty-seven pounds are appropriated for the services and tioMm°aid? purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the b<5dy thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be 54 & 55 Vict. applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and c- 24-purposes specified in Schedule B. annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for Treasury may, in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, certain cases and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone aurijonse4 07' until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual expenditure course, each of the departments entrusted with the control over the ^npf°^de^i . said services-shall forthwith make application in writing to the that the aggre-Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure gate grants for Out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be ^rviceYand effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same for the army department, and in such application the department shall represent services

to the Treasury the circumstances which may render such addi- noTexcJ^6 tional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said, departments, shall be laid before the

House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be

submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be'

128

Ch. 6.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

59 Vict.

Sanction for navy and army expenditure for 1893-94 unprovided for.

56 & 57 Vict. o. 60.

made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by the Appropriation Act, 1893, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses, effected by the saving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of one hundred and thirty-three thousand two hundred and thirty-six pounds one" shilling and sixpence (in part of one hundred and ninety-nine thousand six hundred and eighty-two pounds thirteen shillings) for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid.

2nd. A sum of seventy-one thousand six hundred and twenty one pounds seventeen shillings and threepence, for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

It is.enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

Declaration 6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be certain cases made hi pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil before receipt non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as of sums xnay from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury appropriated, one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

Short title. 7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

ABSTRACT

' | of .

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

jrf - £ «. d.

Oraat out of the Consolidated. Fund . . 37f094,087 0 0

1895. Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2. Oh. G. j-gg

SCHEDULE (13.) — Apfbopbiation op Gbants.

1895-96.

Part 1. Navy ...

, 2. Army

, 3. Civil Services, Class I.

4. Ditto, Class II.

5. Ditto, Class III.

6. Ditto, Class IV.

7. Ditto, Class V.

8. Ditto, Class VI.

9. Ditto, Class VH.

Total Civil Services -, 10. Revenue Departments, &c. Grand Total

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 8. d. I £ 8. d.

_ 10,151,500 0 0 744,298 0 0

- 8,050,800 0 0 1,631,658 0 0

437,715 0 0 27,805 0 0

1,187,949 0 0 392,914 0 0

2,025,890 0 0 685,788 0 0

4,986,001 0 0 77,835 0 0

381,901 0 0 124,238 0 0

304,358 0 0 204 0 0

1 74,310 0 0 6,450 0 0

9,398,124 0 0 1,315,234 0 0

9,493,663 0 0 387,659 0 0

37,094,087 0 0 4,078,849 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.) SCHED. (A.)

Grant out op the Consolidated Fund.

£ s. d.

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1896 : —

Under this Act - 37,094,087 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Pabt 1. Sched. (B.)

Past 1.

NAVY. Navy.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in . course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply 1 I Appropria-

Grants. ' tions in Aid.

No. £ £

2. For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad 1,267,100* 371,654

3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad 131,400* 24,331

4. For martial law, &c., including the cost of | naval prisons at home and abroad - - | 9,600* 27

* To complete.

I

130

Ch. 6.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

59 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Part 1. Navy.

No.

5. For educational services

6. For scientific services -

7. For the expense of the royal naval reserve,

reserve of retired officers, seamen and marine pensioners, and royal naval artillery volunteers -

8. Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for

shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -

I j, Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, and maintenance, including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad - - -

9. For naval armaments -

and other charges connected therewith

11. For miscellaneous effective services

12. For the expense of the Admiralty Office

13. For half-pay,' reserved and retired pa

officers of the navy and marines

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratu

and compassionate allowances -

15. For civil pensions and gratuities

lasian waters

Total Navy Services -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

O O IS 27,327

57,400* 10,797

195,600* 33

1,710,000* 14,995

2,405,000* 148,000

1 1,543,200* 49,511

497,000* 7,500

j 126,800* t fPPP

' -217,200* 8,520

711,300* 12,976

- 907,900* 23,427

287,300* 1 r 486

10,300* 35,000

e 10,151,500 744,298

| To complete.

1895.

Appropriation Ad, 1895, Session 2.

Ch. 6.

131

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2. SCHED. (B.)

Pari 2.

ARMY. Army-

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

2. For the medical establishments and cost of medicines - - -

3. For the pay and allowances (exclusive of supplies, clothing, &c.) of the militia (to a number not exceeding 135,473, including , 30,000 militia reserve)

4. For the pay and miscellaneous' charges of the

yeomanry cavalry

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges

of volunteer corps, including pay, &c., of the permanent staff

6. For the expense of transport and remounts

7. For provisions, forage, and other supplies

8. For clothing establishments and services '

9. For the supply and repair of warlike and other

stores (including a supplementary sum of 70,0001.) .....

10. For the Royal Engineer superintending staff,

and charges for Royal Engineer works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases) -

11. For establishments for military education

12. For miscellaneous effective services

13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of

the War Office - -

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-

effective charges for officers and others

15. For Chelsea and Edlmainham hospitals, and the

in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensionB, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, for rewards for meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions to the widows and children of warrant | officers, exclusive of charges on India

16. For superannuation, compensation, and com-

passionate allowances, and gratuities - - j

Total Army Services - 1

J Supply Grants. Appropria-| tions in Aid. 1

£ £

102,000* 1,300

360,000* 13,300

43,000* 10

554,200* 427,000* 1,681,000* 561,600* 400 27,800 40,000 320,500

1,242,000* 290,500

666,100*, 74,500* 32,500* 54,786 60,600 6,400

177,300* 50

1,015,200* 342,695

905,000* 473,220

119,400* 97

8,050,800 1,631,658

* To complete.

132

Ch. 6.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

59 VICT.

Schbd. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Part 3.

Civil Services. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

k88 ' Schedule of Sums granted and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.

Sums not exceeding

'1 Supply Appropria-

‘ Grants. tions in Aid.

No. £ £

10. For the snrvey of the United Kingdom, and for minor services connected therewith 119,210* 6,000

11. For maintaining certain harbonrs, lighthouses, &c. under the Board of Trade 12,240* 2,650

12. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead ..... 16,200*

13. For rates and contributions in lien of rates, &c., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government properly department - 121,525* 12,270

14. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, for drainage works on the Rivers Shannon and Suck 1 126,045* 6,885

15. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1889 and 1893 42,495*

Total Civil Services, Class 1. - £ 437,715 27,805

Sciied. (B.) . SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Part 4.

Civil Services. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Class II. Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: — * 1

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the

House of Lords -

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the

House of Commons .

Sums not exceeding

' Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

23,559* — .

28,035* —

| To complete.

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

Ch. 6.

133

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of

Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments -

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her

Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices -

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of

Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of

Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration

7. For salaries and expenses of the department

of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and for quarantine expenses -

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments - -

9. For a grant in aid of the Mercantile Marine

Fund - . - .

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees,

&c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies Winding-up Act, 1890 - | - ...

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of

Agriculture, and for defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in matters of Inclosure and Land Improvement and for paying certain grants in aid -

12. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Com-

mission for England and Wales, including the Endowed Schools department

13. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service

Commission -

14. For salaries and expenses of the department of

the Comptroller and Auditor General

15. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of I

Friendly Societies (including a supplementary sum of 5001.) -

16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern-

ment Board -

17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Commissioners in Lunacy in England

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including

the expenses of the ooinage -

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt

Office -

* To complete.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

49,526 * 3,950

63,451 * 6,400

40,050 * 500

23,664s 1

8,481* 1,500

104,748* 5,130

21,000* —

16* 143,250

64,029* 8,500

23,148*

23,297* —

34,989* 3,529

4,648* ,

95,108* 4,000

9,055* 1,127

59* 76,300

7,1 75* 2,256

Sched. (B.)

Past 4, Civil Services. Class U.

134

Ch. 6.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

59 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) *;' Past 4. Civil Services. Class II.

Sums not exceeding

Appropriations in Aid

No.

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record

Office in England -1

21. For salaries and expenses of the establishment

under the Public Works Loan Commissioners

22. For salaries and expenses of the department of

the Registrar General of Births, &c. in England ..... 24,899*

23. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, andH

printed books, for the public service, and for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including the reports of Parliamentary Debates - ? - - . . 277,909*

24. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her

Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments ... 11,473*

25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings ..... . 28,956*

26. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret

services - 14,000*

27. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her

Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices ..... 7,000*

28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board

for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays - - ..... 14,341*

29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy

in' Scotland - - - . 3,147*

30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland 2,539*

31. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board for Scotland, and for expenses under the Public Health Acts, Infectious Diseases Notification Act, Vaccination Act,

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and Burgh Police (Scotland) Act and Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894 - _ - 6,123*

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of

the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland - - ' 2,221*

33. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the

Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments ..... 24,850*

34. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland - . . - 939*

35. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern-

ment Board in Ireland, including certain grants in aid of local taxation - - 88,376*

36. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record

Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Dublin . . . 2,974*

6,900

110,655

460

700

307

38

5,382

| To complete.

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

Ch. 6,

135

Sams nol exceeding

Supply ApproDria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. £ £

37. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland - 20,537* 2,500

38. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., and for expenses of collecting agricultural and other statistics in Ireland ... 8,780* 530

39. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland - 6,504* 9,000

Total Civil Services, Class II. - £ 1,187,949 j 392,914

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4. Civil Services. Class II.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5. S<?BD- (B0

' ' ' Part 5.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III. °‘aa^UL*'

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.; —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For the salaries of the law officers' department, the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of .Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen's Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings and ~^£ ' [ £

of Parliamentary Agency ... 34,408* 10,650

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses 3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature as are not 21,932* 12,731

charged on the Consolidated Fund -4. For salaries and expenses of the land 177,858* 56,900

registry * 5. For salaries and expenses connected with the 4,074*

County Courts ..... 6. For salaries and expenses of the police courts 15,800* 425,000

Qf London and Sheerness - To complete. 2,663* 16,200

II

Ch. 6.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

59 Vict,

Sched. (B.)

Pabt 5. Civil Services. Class III.

No.

7. For the salaries of the Commissioner, and

Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on Special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -

8. For the expenses of the prisons in England,

Wales, and the Colonies ...

9. For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile

offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of the Inspectors of Reformatories

10. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in

Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum

11. For salaries and expenses of tho Lord Advo-

cate's department and' other lav? charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland (including a supplementary sum of 7-,0001.)

12. For salaries and expenses of tho offices in

Majesty's General Register House, Edinl I

13. For the expenses of the Establishment of the

Croftera' Commission -

lunatics and statistics

the preparation

20.

21.

23.

other law charges in Ireland -

charged on the Consolidated Fund -or the salaries and expenses of the office Irish Land Commission

Ireland, and the expenses of revision or salaries and expenses of the Commi of Police, of the police courts and

control; and of tl criminals

or the expenses of r schools in Ireland

Total Civil Sehvices, Olabs III. To complete.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

37,507* 20

383,000* —

131,003* 21,500

18,177* 1,065

57,736* 33,500

i 22,004* —

3,605* —

56,818* 1 36,661* 330

i t 64,395* 2,350

33,733* 15,694

- a 63*104* r e 56,178' 1 675,461* 1 50,288 38,560

r a 69,883* tl 56,095* n d 3,795* t 1,000 I

I 2,026,890 685,788

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

Ch. 6.

137

SCHED. (~B.)

_ Part 6. Civil Services. Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the suras which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Cmi Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

.SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

No.

1. For public education in England and Wales,

including the expenses of the Education Office in London ...

2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of

Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith -

3. For salaries and expenses of the British j

Museum, including the amount required for the Natural History Museum (including a I supplementary sum of 30,4211.)

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery

(including a supplementary sum of 5,0001.) - I

5. For salaries and expenses of the National

Portrait Gallery (including a supplementary sum of 7501.) - -

6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investiga-

tion, &c. in the Gnited Kingdom

7. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain

Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and expenses under tho Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889 (including a supplementary sum of 3,0001.) - *

8. For salaries and expenses of the University of

London -

9. For public education in Scotland

10. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manu-

factures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland -

11. For public education under the Commissioners

of National Education in Ireland

12. For the expenses of the Office of the Commis-

sioners for managing certain school endowments in Ireland .....

13. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery

of Ireland, and for the purchase of pictures -

14. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Queen's

Colleges in Ireland .....

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

j Appropria-: tions in Aid.

3,335,485*

387,155*

114,205*

8,340*

2,065*|

14,-527*

58,339*

7*

530,262*

2,500*|

528,807*'

605* 1,254* 2,450*

8,000

5,625

1,000

16,270

40,000

6,940

4,986,001

77,835

* To complete.

138

Ch. 6.

Appropriation Ad, 1895, Session 2.

59 Vict.

SCHED. (B.)

Pakt 7. Civil Services. Class V.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad, and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure charge-- able on the Consular Vote ... £ 215,089* £ 101,238

2. For a grant in aid of expenses connected with the British Protectorate in Uganda and in Central Africa ..... 38,200*

3. For sundry colonial services, including certain grants in aid and expenses incurred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875, and certain charges connected with South Africa (including a supplementary sum of 20,000?.) 79,372*

4. For a grant in aid of the revenue of the Island of Cyprus - 1,000* —

5. For the expenses in connection with the suppression of the slave trade, and the maintenance of certain Liberated Africans 140*

6. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies - - '* -- 28,100* 23,000

8. For a grant in connection with the construction, &c. of the Uganda Railway - 20,000 —

Total Civil Services, Class V. - £ 381,901 . 124,238

* To complete.

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

Ch. 6.

139

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8. Civil Services. Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

- Supply Grants. 1 Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For superannuation, retired, and compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, and for compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury £ £ '

and for the salaries of medical referees 2. For certain pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to their widows 253,841*

and children ..... 3. For making good the deficiency arising from payments for interest to trustees of Savings 3,900*

Banks and to Friendly Societies 4. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allow* 27,154

ances in Great Britain ... 5. For a grant in aid of the local cost of mainten- 651*

ance of pauper lunatics in Ireland - 6. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances 11,966*

in Ireland ..... 6,846* 204

Total Civil Services, Class VI. * £ 304,358 204

To complete.

138

Ch. 6.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

59 Vict.

sohbd. (B.) . SCHEDULE (B.)-Pam 7.

Pakt 7.

cml SemcPS. CIVIL SERVICES. — CLASS V.

Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad, and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargers able on the Consular Vote ... £ 215,089* £ 101,238

2. For a grant in aid of expenses connected with the British Protectorate in Uganda and in Central Africa ..... 38,200*

3. For sundry colonial services, including certain grants in aid and expenses incurred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875, and certain charges connected with South Africa (including a supplementary sum of 20,000J.) - 79,372*

4. For a grant in aid of the revenue of the Island of Cyprus - - -w* - JjS 1,000* —

5. For the expenses in connection with the suppression of the slave trade, and the maintenance of certain Liberated Africans 140* §

6. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies - - 28,100* 23,000

8. For a grant in connection with the construction, &c. of the Uganda Railway - 20,000 —

Total Civil Services, Class V. - £ 381,901 | 124,238

To complete.

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

Ch. 6.

139

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.; —

Sums not exceeding

- Supply Grants. I Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For superannuation, retired, and compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, and for compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury £ £

and for the salaries of medical referees 2. For certain pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to their widows 253,841*

and children ..... 3. For making good the deficiency arising from payments for interest to trustees of Savings 3,900*

Banks and to Friendly Societies 4. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allow- 27,154

ances in Great Britain - -5. For a grant in aid of the local cost of mainten- 651*

ance of pauper lunatics in Ireland - 6. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances 11,966*

in Ireland ..... 6,846* 204

Total Cito Services, Class VI. - | £ 304,358 204

Sched. (B.) Pakt 8. Civil Services. Class YI.

To complete.

140

Ch. 6.

Appropriation Act, 1895, S&osion 2.

59 Vict,

SOHED. (B.)

Part 9. Civil Services. Class VII.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1896; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. £ £

1. For salaries and other expenses of temporary commissions and committees, including special inquiries ..... 7,692* —

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses 2,0G9* 6,450

3. For grants in aid of expenditure upon certain public works and for improved communications and other purposes within the Highlands and Islands of Scotland 22,000*

4. For a grant in aid to make good certain amounts written off from the Assets and Local Loans Fund - t. 18,697

5. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances - 1,052 r-

6. For certain expenditure in connection with the relief of distress in Ireland (including a supplementary sum fef 21,800J.) 22,800* Pi

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £ 74,310 6,450

* To complete.

1895.

Appropriation Act, 1895, Session 2.

Ch. 6.

141

SCHEDULE (B.) — Pakt 10.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 3.1st day of March 1896; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs

Department -

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue

Department ----

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office

services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the Post Office packet service

5. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office telegraph Bervice -

Total Revenue Departments - £

Sums not exceeding

I Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

644,365* 51,148

1,368,047* 14,800

5,333,840* 81,780

541,823* 202,861

1,605,588* 37,070

9,493,663 387,659

Sohed. (B.) Past 10. Revenue Departments, See.

* To complete.

143

TABLE III.

A

TABLE

CF

The Titles of the Local Aers. 58 & 59 VICTORIA — AD. 1895.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of, a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 9th April 1895,

P. i. AN Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local -LX. Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Town of Newiy. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

ii. An Act for enabling the Agricultural Company of Mauritius Limited to sub-divide their Capital into Preference and Ordinary Capital and for other purposes. (Agricultural Company of Mauritius.)

iii. An Act for creating a Preference Stock of the Credit Foncier of Mauritius Limited and for other purposes relating thereto. (Credit Foncier of Mauritius Limited.)

iv. An Act to provide for the conversion of the Ordinary Shares of 'William Hancock and Company Limited into Preferred and Deferred Ordinary Shares and for other purposes. (William Hancock and Company Limited (Conversion of Shares).)

K

144

Table of the Statutes.

[58 & 59 Vict.

Royal Assekt, 14th May 1895.

p v. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for modifying the London (Boundary Street Bethnal Green) Improvement Scheme 1890. (London (Boundary Street Bethnal Green) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

vi. An Act for the Abandonment of the Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway. (Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway (Abandonment).)

vii. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Newmarket Gas Company. (Newmarket Gas Company'si)

viii. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Bristol Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Bristol Waterworks.)

ix. An Act for empowering the Brecon and Merthyr Tvufil Junction Railway Company to raise further money and for other purposes. (Brecon and Merthyr Railway.)

X. An Act to extend the objects of the Legal and General Life Assurance Society and for other purposes. (Legal and General Life Assurance Society's.)

xi. An Act to alter the Capital of the New Russia Company Limited and for other purposes. (New Russia Company)

Xii. An Act to provide for the better administration of the Merchant Company Hospitals and Schools in the City of Edinburgh to constitute a General Board to create a Common Fund a Superannuation Fund and a Reserve Fund to confer further powers of administration and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Merchant Company Endowments.)

xiii. An Act to incorporate and confer powers on the Felixstowe and Walton Waterworks Company. (Felixstoive and Walton Waterworks)

XIV. An Act to amend the Saint Leonard and Saint Mary Magdalen Church Districts Act 1868. (Saint Leonard and Saint Mary Magdalen Church Districts Amendment.)

XV. An Act to make further provision with respect to the Capital of the Crystal Palace Company. (Crystal Palace Company's)

XVI. An Act to authorise the Governors of George Heriot's Trust to construct New Streets and Works in the City of Edinburgh and Burgh of Leith to alter certain Feuing Plans and for other purposes. (George Heriot's Trust.)

XVii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Wrexham and Ellesmere Railway Company and for other purposes.

... (Wrexham and Ellesmere Railway.)

xviii. An Act for empowering the British Gas Light Company Limited to expend further Capital at their Staffordshire Potteries Station. (British Gas Light Company Limited (Staffordshire Potteries).)

A.D. 1895.]

Local Acts.

145

XIX. An Act to further extend the Time for the purchase of Lands for the purposes of the City and South London Railway Act 1890 and for the completion of the Underground Railway thereby authorised and to empower the Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (City and South London Railway.)

yy. An Act to confer further powers on the East Indian Railway Company of entering into contracts for the construction and working of extension or branch lines and for other purposes. [East Indian Railway Company's.)

xxi. An Act to confer further powers on the North Staffordshire Railway Company. (North Staffordshire Railway.)

xxii. An Act for creating a preference Stock of the American Mortgage Company of Scotland Limited and for other purposes relating thereto. (American Mortgage Company of Scotland (Limited).)

yyiii- An Act for conferring further Powers upon the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to provide for the transfer from the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to and the vesting in that Company of the Clara and Banagher Railway and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western Railway.)

P. XXiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Dunmanway. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

Royal Assent, 30th May 1895.

P. XXV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation.) xxvi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company for extending the periods limited for the completion of certain works and the compulsory purchase of certain lands and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

XXVii. An Act to provide an additional supply of Water to the City of Edinburgh Town and Port of Leith and Town of Portobello and districts and places adjacent to confer further powers on the Edinburgh and District Water Trustees and for other purposes. (Edinburgh and District Waterworl s (Additional Supply).)

XXviii. An Act for empowering the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company to provide and use steam and other vessels and for other purposes. (Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours (Steam Vessels)!)

XXix. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the North Middlesex Gas Company. (North Middlesex Gas Company's.)

146

Table of the Statutes.

[58 .& 59 Vict.

ttt An Act to provide for the finding up and dissolution of the Widows'.Fund Society of the Ayr Faculty of Solicitors and for' 6ther purposes. (Ayr Faculty of Solicitors Widows' Fund Society.)

xxxi. An Act for Incorporating and Conferring Powers on the Hayward's Heath Gas Company. (Stayward's Heath Gas.)

xxxii. An Act to corifer further powers upon the London Street Tramways Company and for other purposes. (London Street

Tramways.)

-gyxiii. An Act to define the.Capital of the Undertakers of the Havigation of the Rivers of Aire and Calder in the West Riding of the County .®£; York»to. make . provision for the optional conversion into personalty of the shares and interests of Proprietors in the Navigation to confer further powers on the Undertakers for the^qonstruction of .Works and other matters in relation to their Undertaking and for other purposes. (Aire and Calder Navigation.) xxxiv. An Act to constitute and incorporate a Ges Board for the Urban Districts of Hebden Bridge and Mytholmroyd in the West Riding of thd County of York to transfer to and vest in such Board the Undertaking of the Hebden Bridge Gas Company and for other purposes. (Hebden Bridge and Mytholmroyd Gas Board.)

XXXV. An Act to authorise the Rhymney Railway Company to mabei a new Railway to raise additional Capital to revive and extend the time for purchasing Lands for and constructing certain authorised Railways to abandon other Railways to make provisions as to the Stock and Share Capital, of the Company and for other purposes. (Bhymney JRailvja/y.) . XXXVI. An Act to confer further powers* upon the Great Northern Railway Company and to ve^t ,in that, Company .the undertakings of the Wainfleet and Firsby.R^way Qoimpany and for other'purposes. ' (Great Northern %xuway.)Z\\

xxxvii. An Act to sanction cei^in Works constructed by and Expenditure' of the Whitby Waterworks' Coinpariy *td make void a Certain Deed of Grant to confer further Powers bn* 'the Company and for other purposes.' (Whitby Water.)

xxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on tlii Scarb3F5ugb Gas Company. (Scarborough Gas.)

xxxix. An Act for empowering^he York New Watemdrls Company to raise additional Capitol for altering the name of the Company to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes. (York Waterworks.)

Rotal Assent,20th June 1895.

P. xl. An Act to'confirm certain 'Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relatitag to- Battle Dorchester' Eton Fareham Ilfracombe Leicester Ryde Sandgate > Southampton Torquay Ulverston Wallasey Wfesfc Cowes and Wilton; - (Local Governmen t Board's Provisional - - Orders- Confirmation (Ho. i>.) ' - *' ' .

A.D. 1895.]

Local Acta.

147

P. xli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Batley Dronfield Hemsworth Pontefract Sunbury-on-Thames Tonbridge Twickenham Walthamstow and Warrington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

rlii. An Act to confer farther powers on the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company. (Waterford and Limerick .. Ptail/way.)

Trliii, An Act to authorise the Brymbo Water Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Brymbo Water.) xliv. An Act to re-arrange the Capital of the Bank of Bolton Limited and for other purposes. (Bank of Bolton Limited.) xlv. An Act to provide for the transfer of the Undertaking of the Ambleside District Gas and Water Company Limited to the Ambleside Urban District Council and to confer further powers^ on the said Council with respect, to the supply of Gas and Water and for other purposes. (Ambleside Urban c« District Council (Gas and Water).)

xlvi. An Act to confer further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company in reference to (heir own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies and for other purposes. (South Eastern Mailway.) xlvii. An Act for;eonferring further Powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their'own Undertaking and upon that Company and the London and -. '.North Western Railway Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.) a xlviii. An Act to confer powers on the Barry Railway Company for the acquisition of lands and for other purposea (Barry Railway.)

irlix. An Act for conferring further powers on the Vale or | a Glamorgan Railway Company for the construction of works . the acquisition of lands the raising of money and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Vale of Glamorgan Railway.) ]

Royal Assent, 27th June 1895.

P. 1. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education .. Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Acton to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Acton).) ,

P. li,' An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act . 1870 tb enable the* School Board for Bristol to put in force i. the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order C&hfirmation (Bristol).)

148

Table of the Statutes.

[58 & 59 Vict.

P. lii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for Croydon to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Croydon).)

P. liii- An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Hornsey to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Hornsey).)

P. liv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Leeds to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation (Leeds).)

P. lv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Liverpool to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Liverpool).)

P. lvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Llangollen to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Llangollen)) p, Xvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Longbenton to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Longbenton).)

P. lviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Lowestoft to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Lowestoft)) p, Ii't An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Manchester to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. . (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Manchester).)

P. lx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Pwllheli to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Pwllheli).)

P. ItH- An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Weston-super-Mare to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Weston-super-Mare).)

A.D. 1895.]

Local Acts.

149

P. lxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Wilmington to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Wilmington).)

P. lxiii. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 and the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of the Township of Blackrock. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Ol der made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the Parishes of St. Pancras and Wimbledon. (Metropolitan Police Pro-r visional Order Confirmation.)

P. lxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional'Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1890 relating to Motherwell and Stirling. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. I):)

P. lxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Alderley Edge Leigh Llandudno Luton Badcliffe and Swindon New Town. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and. 1888 relating to Carlisle Pontypool Walthamstow Winchester and Worthing. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Minehead Morecambe and Woody Bay.

. i (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).) lxx. An Act to incorporate Harbour Commissioners for the harbour of Poole in the county of Dorset and to transfer to and vest in them the harbour undertaking of the corporation of Poole as trustees of the quays and harbour of Poole and for other purposes. (Poole Harbour.) lygi. An Act to enable the Municipal Commissioners of the Borough of Carrickfergus to levy Rates for sanitary purposes to divide the County "of the Town of Carrickfergus into Urban and Rural Sanitary Districts to constitute the Commissioners the Sanitary Authority for those districts respectively and for other purposes. (Carrickfergus Commissioners.)

1-gvii. An Act for making a Railway between Barnstaple and Lynton in the County of Devon and for other, purposes. (Lynton and\ Barnstaple Baihvay.)

150

Table of the Statutes.

[58 & 59 Vict.

lxxiii. An Act to repeal and re-enact with amendments the Phoenix Assurance Company's Act 1813 to make further provisions in relation to the laws objects regulations and capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Phoenix Assurance Company's.) lxxiv. An Act to enable the Master Professors Fellows and Scholars of Downing College in the University of Cambridge to sell and to lease on long leases and otherwise improve part of their Estate situate in the Parishes of St. Botolph St. Andrew-the-Gveat St. Benedict and St. Mary-the-Less in the Town of Cambridge and for other purposes. (Downing College.)

Royal Assent, 6th July 1895.

P. lxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the Regulation of Bexhill Down in the county of Sussex. (Commons Regulation (Bexhill) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture reldting to the Regulation of High Road Well Moor in the Borough of Halifax. (Commons Regulation (Halifax) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the inclosure of certain lands in the parishes of Castor and Ailsworth, in the county of Northampton. (Inclosure (Castor and Ailsworth) Provisional . Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the inclosure of certain lands in the parish of Upton St. Leonards in the county of Gloucester. (Inclosure ( Upton St. Leonards) Provisional Order Confirmation.).

p# lxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Blacksness. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Mountmelick. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Rathdrum. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Kells. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 8).)

A.D. 1895.]

Local Acts.

151

P. lxxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Londonderry. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. lxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. lxxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cardiff Clitheroe Luton and Portsmouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Chester Derby East Sussex Hereford Kent Northampton Salop Southampton Stafford Warwick West Sussex and Worcester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bangor Chorley Derby Hyde Kingston-upon-HuIl Skipton and Southport. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).‘)

P. lxxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bognor Llandudno Ramsgate Runcorn South Anston and Walsall. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation '.(No. 8).)

P. lxxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the counties of Cambridge Durham Isle of Ely Huntingdon Lancaster Norfolk Northampton Westmorland West Suffolk and the East North and West Ridings of Yorkshire. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. XC. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Kettering the Upton-upon-Severn and Pershore and the Wath and North Rotherham Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. XCi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the counties' of Berks Carnarvon Derby Dorset the Parts of Lindsey Merioneth Nottingham Somerset Southampton Wilts and the West Riding of Yorkshire: (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. xcii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Sunderland Taunton and Weymouth and Melcombe Regis. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

152

Table of the Statutes.

[58 & 59 Vict.

P. xciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to Birmingham Limehouse District (London) and Southampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

P. xciv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes A.ct 1890 relating to Leigh. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

P. XCV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Chichester Incorporation and the parish of Saint George in the East (London). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law).)

P. XCVI. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 and the Public Health Act 1875 relating to Saint Ives Cornwall. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

P. XCVii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Acts 1863 to 1892 relating to Carrigrohane Maglin and Ballincollig Drainage District County Cork. (Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental (Ireland).)

P. XCViii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 and the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 Amendment Act 1894 to increase the number of magistrates and councillors in the burgh of Paisley. (Paisley Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. xcix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Holyhead Water Mid Kent Water and South Hayling Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

p c. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to City of Gloucester Tramways London United Tramways and Somerton Keinton-Mandeville and Castle Cary Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. ci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Hartlepools Tramways Hartlepool Electric Tramways Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation Tramways and Wigan and District Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. Cii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bootle New Windsor and Eton Prescot Salisbury Southampton and Windermere and District. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

A.D. 1895.]

Local Acts.

153

P. ciii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Liverpool. (Electric Lighting. Order Confirmation (No. 6).) civ. An Act to empower the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company to make a railway to Magilligan Point to purchase the Draperstown Bail way from the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to raise further Capital and for other Purposes. (Belfast and Northern Counties Railway.) CV. An Act to alter and extend the powers of the Trustees of the Port and Harbours of Greenock in relation to the warehousing of goods and for other purposes. (Greenock Harbour.) cvi. An Act to further revive the Powers for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and to further extend the time limited for the completion of certain of the Railways authorised by the Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction Railway Act 1887 and for other purposes. (Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction Railway (Extension of Time).)

CVii. An Act to amend the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Acts 1839 and 1871 and for other purposes. (Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice.) eviii. An Act for authorising the Liskeard and Looe Union Canal Company to extend their Railway and for other purposes. (Liskea/rd and Looe Railway Extension.)

Cix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company and for other purposes. (Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway.)

CX. An Act to authorise the Swansea Harbour Trustees to make a New Opening or Swing Bridge over the New Cut to construct a Lock or half-tide Basin and certain Railways Roads and Works; to borrow further money and for other purposes. (Swansea Harbour.)

Cxi. An Act to substitute for the existing Trustees of the River Weaver Navigation a representative trust and to transfer to such representative trust the powers and duties of the existing Trustees and to repeal and amend certain provisions of the Acts relating to the River Weaver. (Weaver Navigation.)

Cxii. An Act to extend the powers for the purchase of Lands and the time *for the completion of the Great Northern and City Railway. (Great Northern and City Railway.)

CXiii. An Act to enable a certain Fundamental Rule of the Institution called " The Warehousemen Clerks and Drapers' Schools" to be repealed altered or amended at a Special Court of the Institution and for other purposes,. (Warehousemen Clerks arid Drapers' Schools.)

CXIV. An Act to make provision with respect to the winding up of the Land Securities Company Limited and for the delivery out of the Office‘of Land Registry of the Securities deposited with that Office by that Company under the Mortgage Debenture Act 1865 and the Mortgage Debenture (Amendment) Act 1870 and for other purposes. (Land Securities Company (Limited).)

154

Table of the Statutes.

[58 & 59 Vict.

CXV. An Act' for incorporating and conferring powers on the BridlingtohWater Company. (Bridlington Water.')

cxvi. An Act to confer further Powers op the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Company and for other purposes. 1 (Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway.)

cxvii. An Act to authorise the. Sutton Harbour Improvement

I Company to construct a 'new Quay and to revive and extend the powers of the Sutton Harbour Act 1889 for the eon-

! struction of a Quay and Roadway and the establishment of a Fish Market in connexion with their existing Undertaking at . the Harbour of Sutton Pool in the County of Devon to provide

- for the conversion and consolidation of their .existing and authorised shares and to raise further capital and for other

. purposes. . (Sutton Harbour.)

Cxviii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great

- Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western Railway Company and the Lambourn Valley Railway Company in respect of the.' undertaking of that Company, and

i for other purposes. (Great Western Railway*) ,;...

cxix. An Act for authorising the Construction of a Canal or Waterway and Other works in Lancashire to be called the ' Oldham and Rbyton Canal and for other pdrposes. (Oldham mid Royton Carnal.)

CXX. An Act for empowering the Bute Docks Company? to , extend the Seawalls or Embankments authorised by the Bute . Docks Act 1882 and subsequent Acts and: to make further provision with respect to the Capital of the Company and

II for. ot]mr purposes. (Bute, Docks.).;

cxxi. An Act to extend the time for the Completion ‘.Of the North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway and to authorise the construction of new Railways in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen and for other purposes. (North PerribroTcesMre and Fishguard Railway.)

cxxii. An Act to enlarge the powers of the Taff Yale Railway Company for the construction; Of Works and the acquisition of Lands to enable them to establish Savings Banks and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway!)

rmriii. An Act for maHhgr;the, Railway and Canal Traffic Acts applicable to the Steamers of the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company between Holyhead and Kingstown during any Mail Contract to authorise that Company to borrow money and for 'other putposbs. (City of Dublin Steam Packet Company*#.)

cxxiv. An Act to authorise the Wirral Railway Company ^to1 make a Railway-and other Works near Seacom.be and for other purposes. (Wvriral Railway.)

A.D. 1895.] - Local Acts. 155

CXX.V. An Act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow And South Western Railway Company for the construction of works the acquisition of lands and the raising of money and for other purposes. (Glasgow and$ South Western Railway.)

CXXVI." An Act for conferring further powers upon the London i and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other companies and also for conferring powers upon the Great Western Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company in relation to such other undertakings and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.) .

cxxvii. An Act to empower the London County Council to make street improvements and to purchase lands for various purpose* to make provisions with respect to contributions by local authorities the formation of wards in parishes and the management of parks to authorise the grant of a pension to the Chairman of Quarter Sessions for the County of London and the payment of compensation in certain' cases and for . other pui-pcses. . (London County Council (General Powers).)

cxxviii. An Act to authorise the sale of the undertaking^ of the Rastriek Gas Company to the Brighouse Corporation to extend the district .of the Burial Board and to make further and . better I provision in regard to the. water supply health local government and improvement of the Borough and for ‘ ‘ tither purposes. (Brighouse Corporation.)

cxxix. An Act to empower the London County Council to rebuild Vauxhall Bridge and to execute other works in con-nmrion therewith. (London County Council (Vauxhatt Bridge).)

CXXX. An Act to empower the London County Council to : make a new Approach to the Tower Bridge on the Southern Ll Side ,oE the River Thames. (London County Council (Tower Bridge Southern Approach).)

CXXXI. An Act to extend the Boundaries of the Borough of ! Clonmel to provide for the transfer to the Corporation of Clonmel of the Undertaking of the Clonmel Gas Consumers Company Limited and for other purposes. (Clonmel Corporation.)

cxxxii. An Act to transfer the Solway Junction Railway to the Caledonian Railway Company and for other purposes, (Solway' Junction Railway (Transfer).) cxxxiii. An Act to confer Additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Cothpany and the Midland and Groat Northern Railways Joint Committee for the Construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands to make provision for the transfer of the undertaking of the Cheltenham Station Company to the Midland Railway Company and for other purposes, (MidhxvmI Railway.)

154

Table of the Statutes.

[58 & 59 Vict.

CXV. An Act! for incorporating and conferring powers on the Bridlington^ Water Company. (Bridlington Water.)

CXVI. An Act to confer further Powers on the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Company and for other purposes. (Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway.)

CXVii. An Act to authorise the Sutton Harbour Improvement Company to construct a new Quay and to revive and extend the powers of the Sutton Harbour Act 1889 for the construction of a Quay and Roadway and the establishment of a Fish Market in connexion with their existing Undertaking at the Harbour of Sutton Pool in the County of Devon to provide for the conversion and consolidation of their existing and authorised shares and to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Sutton Harbour.)

Cxviii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western Railway Company and the Lambourn Valley Railway Company in respect of the undertaking of that Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

CXiX. An Act for authorising the construction of a Canal or Waterway and other works in Lancashire to be called the Oldham and Royton Canal and for other purposes. (Oldham and Royton Canal.)

CXX. An Act for empowering the Bute Docks Company to extend the Seawalls or Embankments authorised by the Bute Docks Act 1882 and subsequent Acts and to make further provision with respect to the Capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Bute Docks.)

CXXi. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway and to authorise the construction of new Railways in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen and for other purposes. (North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway.)

cxxii. An Act to enlarge the powers of the Taff Vale Railway Company for the construction of Works and the acquisition of Lands to enable them to establish Savings Banks and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

cxxiii. An Act for making the Railway and Canal Traffic Acts applicable to the Steamers of the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company between Holyhead and Kingstown during any Mail Contract to authorise that Company to borrow money and for other purposes. (City of Dublin Steam Packet Company's.)

CXXIV. An Act to authorise the Wirral Railway Company to make a Railway and other Works near Seacombe and for other purposes. ( Wirral Railway.)

A.D. 1895.]

Local Acts.

155

CXXV. An Act for conferring farther powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works the acquisition of lands and the raising of money and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

CXXVI. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other companies and also for conferring powers upon the Great Western Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company in relation to such other undertakings and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

CXXvii. An Act to empower the London County Council to make street improvements and to purchase lands for various purposes to make provisions with, respect to contributions by local authorities the formation of wards in parishes and the management of parks to authorise the grant of a pension to the Chairman of Quarter Sessions for the County of London and the payment of compensation in certain cases and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

cxxviii. An Act to authorise the sale of the undertaking] of the Rastrick Gas Company to the Brighouse Corporation to extend the district of the Burial Board and to make further and better provision in regard to the water supply health local government and improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. (Brighouse Corporation.)

Cxxix. An Act to empower the London County Council to rebuild Vauxhall Bridge and to execute other works in connexion therewith. (London County Council (Vauxhall Bridge).)

CXXX. An Act to empower the London County Council to make a new Approach to the Tower Bridge on the Southern Side of the River Thames. (London County Council (Tower Bridge Southern Approach).)

CXXXI. An Act to extend the Boundaries of the Borough of Clonmel to provide for the transfer to the Corporation of Clonmel of the Undertaking of the Clonmel Gas Consumers Company Limited and for other purposes. (Clonmel Corporation.)

CXXXII. An Act to transfer the Solway Junction Railway to the Caledonian Railway Company and for other purposes. (Solway Junction Railway (Transfer).)

CXXXiii. An Act to confer Additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Company and the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the Construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands to make provision for the transfer of the undertaking of the Cheltenham Station Company to the Midland Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

156

Table of the Statutes.

[58 & 59 Vict.

CXXXiv. An Act for incorporating the Cranbrook District Water Company and empowering them to construct Works and supply Water and for other purposes. (Cranbrook District Water.)

CXXXV. An Act to authorise the Construction of Railways from Headcorn to Tenterden and Appledore and for other purposes. (Tenterden Railway.)

cxxxvi. An Act to amend and consolidate the Acts relating to the Harbour of Aberdeen and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Harbour.)

CXXXvii. An Act to confer powers on the West Highland Railway Company. (West Highland Railway.)

CXXXViii. An Act to authorise the Abandonment of the Railway and Works authorised by the Derry City and County Railway Act 1892. (Derry City and County Railway

(Abandonment).)

cxxxix. An Act for making a railway from Torrington to Okehampton in the county of Devon and for other purposes. (Torrington and Okehampton Railway.)

Cxi. An Act to regulate the expenditure of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current Financial Period and the raising of Money to meet such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

cxli. An Act to confer further Powers on the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company for the Construction of Works and Acquisition of Lands and for the Abandonment of some of their authorised Railways and for other purposes. (Lancashire, Derbyshire, and East Coast Railway.')

CXlii. An Act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new Railways and other Works and the acquisition of additional Lands for the consolidation of certain of their Shares and Stocks and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

cxliii. An Act to transfer to and vest in the Corporation of Glasgow the powers of the Glasgow Police Commissioners and of the several Municipal Trusts of the City to make provision for the regulation of the office of Town Clerk and for the appointment of Stipendiary Magistrates to amend and extend the Police powers within the City and for other purposes.

(Glasgow Corporation cmd Police.)

CXliv. An Act for conferring further Powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company and to make further provision with respect to their Undertaking and other Undertakings in which they are interested and for enabling the Company and the Midland Railway Company to acquire additional Lands in connexion with the Somerset and Dorset Railway and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

cxlv. An Act for making and maintaining new railways in the county of Glamorgan to be called the Neath Pontardawe and Bryn-aman Railway and for other purposes. (Neath, Pontardawe, and Bryn-aman Railway.)

A.D. 1895.]

Local Acts.

157

CXlvi. An Act to authorise the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway Company to divert portions of their authorised Railways in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Birmingham, North Warwickshire, and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway.)

CXlvii. An Act to constitute and incorporate a Gas and Water Board for the Borough of Chesterfield and the Districts adjacent thereto in the County of Derby to transfer to and vest in such Board the Undertaking of the Chesterfield Waterworks and Gaslight Company and for other purposes. (Chesterfield Gas and Water Board,)

cxlviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company the Metropolitan Railway Company the Wirral Railways Committee the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company the Wrexham Mold and Connah's Quay Railway Company and the Cheshire Lines Committee to change the name of the Wirral Railways Committee and for other purposes. (Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway.)

cxlix. An Act for vesting in a Public Trust to be incorporated for that purpose the Undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation and for other purposes. (Thames and Severn Canal Trust.)

cl. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of the Latimer Road and Acton Railway and for other purposes. (Latimer Road and Acton Railway.)

Cli. An Act to confer further powers upon the North British Railway Company in connexion with their undertaking to construct Railways in connexion with the Kirkcaldy and District Railway to empower the East Fife Central Railway Company to make deviations in their authorised Railway for amalgamating the Kirkcaldy and District Railway Company and the East Fife Central Railway Company with the Company and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

Clii. An Act to confer further powers on the Highland Railway Company and for other purposes. (Highland Railway.)

Cliii. An Act to authorise the London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway Company to divert and improve their authorised Railway and to form connexions between the same and other Railways and for other purposes. (London, Walthamstow, and Epping Forest Railway!)

cliv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Croydon. (Croydon Corporation.)

civ. An Act to authorise the Bray Township Commissioners to construct a Sewer for the more effectual Drainage of the Township and for other purposes. (Bray Township.)

158

Table of the Statutes.

[58 & 59 Vict.

clvi. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Merthyr Tydfil to construct Additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Merthyr Tydfil District Council Waterworks.)

Civil. An Act to extend the City and County of Bristol and for other purposes. , (Bristol Corporation.)

Clviii. An Act for reviving the powers granted by the Southend Local Board Act 1887 for the making of one of the Piers by that Act authorised for empowering the Corporation of the Borough of Southend-on-Sea to construct a new Pier and for conferring further powers on the Corporation in relation to buildings streets and sanitary matters and for making further and better provision for the improvement health and local government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Southend-on-Sea Corporation.)

TABLE 11 1a.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local Acts. 59 VICTORIA. — AD. 1895, Session 2.

Royal Assent, 5th September 1895.

P. i. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Barnstaple Gas Bognor Gas Felixstowe Gas and Kildwick Parish Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.')

P. ii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Llanberis Gas and Water Newark Gas and Roth well Gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. iii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education DepaiM:ment Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

P. iv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Banff Bognor Dunoon Swanage and Whitehills. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2.).)

P. v. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford-on-Avon Higham Ferrers Pocklington Pontypridd Saint George South Stoneham Tavistock and Upton upon Severn. (Local Government t Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. vi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford (Yorks) Bristol Leigh and Llandyssul. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. vii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the City of Liverpool. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. viii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Buckingham Cambridge Essex Oxford Salop Southampton Stafford Surrey L

160

Table of the Statutes.

[59 Vict.

Warwick West Suffolk and the North and West Ridings of Yorkshire. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

P. ix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dover Fenton Greetland Hod-desdon Lancaster Leeds Leigh Swansea and West Ham (two). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

P. X. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bournemouth Chichester Dover and Southampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 16).)

P. xi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Buckingham Cambridge Hertford and West Suffolk. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 17).)

P. Trii- An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Eastbourne and Nelson. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 18).)

P. xiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local .Go-. . vernment Board relating to the City of Wakefield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 19).)

P. xiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Keighley. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 20).)

P. XV. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

l(il

TABLE IV.

Showing the Effect of the Tear's Legislation.

ACTS OE FORMER SESSION'S (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OE 58 & 59 VICT. AND 59 VICT*

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. Chapter of 58 & 59 Vict.

6 & 7 Will. 4.: c. 116 Grand Jury (Ireland) S. 13n amended 8.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 15 Staffordshire Potteries Stipen- I Amended - - evii. (Local).

11 & 12 Vict. c. 92 diary Justice. Fisheries (Ireland) S. 39 amended 29, s. 4.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 51 Judicial Factors (Scotland) S. 35 repealed in part 19, s. 3.

13 & 14 Vict.: c. 59 Australian Colonies S. 27 from " Provided 3.

c. 92 Cruelty-to Animals (Scotland) - always " repealed. Amended - - 13.

-17.& 18 Vict. c. 91 Lands Valuation (Scotland) Amended - 41.

19 3c 20 Vict. e. 79 Bankruptcy (Scotland) S. 183 repealed - 14.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 18 Bill Chamber Procedure - S. 153 repealed in part -Ss. 5,6 rep. in part 19, ss. 10, 11. 19, s. 8.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 65 Volunteer - - Ss. 17-20 amended 23.

31 & 32 Vict.: C. 37 Documentary Evidence - * - Applied - - 9.

c. 119 Regulation of Railways - S. 45 repealed 11.

32 & 33 Vict. e. 18 Lands Clauses Consolidation S. 1 repealed 11.

33 & 34 Vict. e. 14 Naturalization - - S. 10 amended 43.

c. 52 Extradition ..... Amended 33.

36 & 37 Vict. : c. 22 Australian Colonies (Customs S. 3 " Provided always " 3.

c. 60 Duties). Extradition ... to " other country " repealed. Amended ... 33.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 46 Customs (Isle of Man) Tariff - S. 1 repealed 38.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 60 Friendly Societies Ss.ll(8),12(4),15(2),(8), 26.

c. 81 Sheriffs Substitute (Scotland) - 17 (ft) — (7), (10), and in part s. 11 (5), virt. rep.; ss. 14 (1), 15 (3), 16, 17 (11), 22, 29, 30, 41 (1) (d), Sch. II. (2) amended. S. 3 repealed cxliii., s. 24

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36 Customs Laws Consolidation S. 119 extended - (Local). 16, s. 7.

41 & 42 Vict.: e. 16 Factories and Workshops - Ss. 5, 9, 13, 22, 53, 56, 37.

c. 19 Matrimonial Causes 58-60, 66, 68, 75, 78, 106 (11) Sch. Part III. am.; ss. 3, 27,36, 63, 68,77, 82 ext.; ss. 81, 42, 60 (4), and in part - ss. 34,35, Sch. III., rep. S. 4 repealed - - | < 9, s. 12.

Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table.

162

Effect of Legislation.

[58 & 59 Vict. AND 59 VICT.

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. Chapter of 58 & 59 Vict.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 27 Convention of Royal Burghs, (Scotland). Ss. 2, 3 amended - 6.

43 & 44 Vict. e. 24 Spirits - Ss. 74, 95 amended 16, s. 8.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58 Army Act Ss. 83, 136, 163,180,190, am.; s. 151 rep. 7.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 78 46 & 47 Vict.: Fishery Board (Scotland) S. 4 (1), (2) in part, repealed. 42, s. 29.

c. 43 Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland). Amended ... 20.

c. 51 Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention. Amended 40.

c. 52 Bankruptcy S. 144 extended - 16, s. 16.

c. 53 Factory and Workshop S. 15 " which was not " to " 1883" repealed. 37, s. 27 (2).

e. 61 Agricultural Holdings (England) As to market gardens, s.34 ext.; Sch. Part. III. amended; s. 56, Sch. Part I., virt. rep. in part. 27.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 52 50 & 51 Vict: Married Women (Maintenance in case of Desertion). Rep. as to E. - 39, s. 12.

c. 5 Isle of Man (Customs) - S. 3 repealed 38.

c. 56 51 & 52 Vict: Friendly Societies Ss. 4 (4), 11, am.; s. 10 proviso, virt. rep. 28, ss. 2 (3), 4, 13, 14.

c. 7 Isle of Man (Customs) - Repealed 38.

c. 21 52 & 53 Vict. s Law of Distress Amendment S. 7 " If any " to " said judge" repealed; s. 8 extended. 24.

c. 23 Herring Fishery (Scotland) S. 7 (2) repealed - 42, s. 10.

c. 62 Cotton Cloth Factories - Ext.; s. 9 from " and the arrangements " repealed. 37, s. 31.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 12 54 & 55 Vict. : River Suck Drainage (Provision of Funds). S. 3 explained 2 (Sess. 2).

c. 39 Stamp*' S. 15 (3) (5), " at any time " to " instrument " rep.; s. 98 ext.; Sch. 1 am. and rep. in part. 16, ss. 9, 10, 11, 18, 15, 19.

c. 46 Post Office - - Amended 18.

c. 48 Purchase of Land (Ireland) S. 13 re-enacted - 4 (Sess. 2).

c. 75 55 & 56 Vict. : Factory and Workshop - Ss. 2, 7, 27, 29 am.; ss. 7-12 ext.; ss. 22 (1), 24, 33 (5) rep. 37.

c. 28 Isle of Man (Customs) - Repealed - - 38.

c. 62 56 & 57 Vict. : Shop Hours ... Amended 5.

c. 23 Seal Fishery (North Pacific) Repealed 21, s. 7.

e. 89 Industrial and Provident Societies. Am.; s. 7 (1) virt. rep. - 30, s. 3.

c. 73 57 & 58 Vict: Local Government - Amended - * 32.

e. 14 Fishery Board (Scotland) Extension of Powers. S. 1 amended 42, s. 27.

e. 28 Notice of Accidents Sch. rep. in part 37, s. 54.

c. 58 Local Government (Scotland) - Amended and explained - 1.

