THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

PASSED IN THE

SIXTY-SECOND AND SIXTY-THIRD YEARS OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY QUEEN VICTORIA;

BEING THE

FIFTH SESSION OF THE TWENTY-SIXTH PARLIAMENT

OF THE

UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND:

WITH AN INDEX, AND TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECTS OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION ON THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS;

ALSO THE TITLES OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS ARRANGED CONSECUTIVELY AND IN CLASSES.

Published by Authority.

LONDON:

PRINTED FOR HER MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE,

BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER.

And to be purchased, either directly or through any Bookseller, from EYRE And SPOTTISWOODE, East Harding Street, Fleet Street, E.C.; or JOHN MENZIES & Co., 12, Hanover Street, Edinburgh, and 90, West Nile Street, Glasgow; or HODGES, FIGGIS, & Co., Limited, 104, Grafton Street, Dublin.

Price Three Shillings.

CONTENTS.

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

II. Table of the Titles of the Public Acts of a Local Character passed during the Session Which are placed amongst the Local Acts - vii

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

III. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session - 205

IV. Table showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation on Public General Acts - 233

V. Table of the Local and Private Acts Arranged in Classes - 236

VI. Index to the Public General Acts - 247

TABLE I.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Fifth Session of the Twenty-Sixth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

62 & 63 VICTORIA. A.D. 1899.

1. AN Act to change the Data of the Season for Partridge Shooting in Ireland. (Partridge Shooting (Ireland).) 1

2. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and one thousand nine hundred. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).) 1

3. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).) 2

4. An Act to amend the Solicitors Acts. (Solicitors.) 5

5. An Act to amend the Public Libraries (Scotland) Acts. (Public Libraries (Scotland).) 6

6. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the hearing of Appeals and Motions by the Court of Appeal. (Supreme Court of Judicature.) 6

7. An Act to enable and require the Metropolitan Water Companies to supply each other with Water in cases of emergency. (Metropolis Water.) 7

8. An Act to extend the Infectious Disease (Notification) Act, 1889, to Districts in which it has not been adopted. (Infectious Disease (Notification) Extension.) 10

9. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make ether provision for the financial arrangements of the year. (Finance.) 11

10. An Act to enable Parish Councillors to hold Office for Three Years. (Parish Councillors (Tenure of Office).) 18

11. An Act to assimilate the Law of Scotland and of Ireland as to Imprisonment in default of Payment of Fines to that of England. (Fine or Imprisonment (Scotland and Ireland).) 18

12. An Act to amend the Law with regard to Reformatory Schools. (Reformatory Schools.) 19

13. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Employment and Education of Young Children. (Elementary Education (School Attendance) Act (1893) Amendment.) 20

14. An Act to make better provision for Local Government in London. (London Government.) 21

15. An Act to amend the provisions of the Metropolis Management Acts with respect to Byelaws. (Metropolis Management Acts Amendment (Byelaws).) 41

16. An Act to give powers to the Executive Committee of the Gordon Memorial College at Khartoum to invest Trust Funds in certain Securities. (Gordon Memorial College at Khartoum.) 43

17. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Payment of Rates on Tithe Rentcharge attached to a Benefice. (Tithe Rentcharge (Rates).) 44

18. An Act to amend certain provisions of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896, affecting the Congested Districts Board, and to make further provision for the expenses of that Board out of money provided by Parliament. (Congested Districts Board (Ireland).) 45

19. An Act for incorporating in one Act certain provisions usually contained in Provisional Orders made under the Acts relating to Electric Lighting. (Electric Lighting (Clauses).) 47

20. An Act for enabling Bodies Corporate to hold Property in Joint Tenancy. (Bodies Corporate (Joint Tenancy).) 83

21. An Act to provide for Seats being supplied for the use of Shop Assistants. (Seats for Shop Assistants.) 84

22. An Act to amend the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. (Summary Jurisdiction.) 84

28. An Act to simplify and amend the Law relating to the Testing and Sale of Anchors and Chain Cables. (Anchors and Chain Cables.) 86

24. An Act to amend the University of London Act, 1898, with respect to Holloway College. (University of London.) 98

25. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes. (Land Tax Commissioners Names.) 99

26. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Salaries and Allowances of the Commissioner, Receiver, and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police. (Metropolitan Police.) 100

27. An Act to remove doubts os to the Validity of Certain Marriages. (Marriages Validity.) 101

28. An Act to amend section twenty of the Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. (Manchester Canonries.) 102

29. An Act to amend the Baths and Washhouses Acts. (Baths and Washhouses.) 102

30. An Act to amend the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and the Law relating to Commons and Open Spaces. (Commons.) 108

31. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans and for other purposes relating to Loans out of the Local Loans Fund. (Public Works Loans.) 109

32. An Act to make better provision for the Elementary Education of Defective and Epileptic Children in England and Wales. (Elementary Education (Defective and Epileptic Children).) 114

33. An Act to provide for the Establishment of a Board of Education for England and Wales, and for matters connected therewith. (Board of Education.) 118

34. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.) 121

35. An Act to amend the Inebriates Act, 1898. (Inebriates.) 125

36. An Act to authorise certain Public Loans to certain Colonies or Places. (Colonial Loans.) 125

37. An Act to amend Section One of the Poor Law Act, 1889, and Section Four of the Pauper Inmates Discharge and Regulation Act, 1871. (Poor Law.) 127

38. An Act to make further Provision for the Improvement of Telephonic Communication, and otherwise with respect to Telegraphs. (Telegraph.) 129

39. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).) 132

40. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Reserve Forces. (Reserve Forces.) 133

41. An Act to make further Provision for Defraying the Expenses of certain Military Works and other Military Services. (Military Works.) 133

42. An Act to make further provision for the construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy, and to amend the Law with respect to the construction and use of Tramways for Naval Purposes. (Naval Works.) 135

43. An Act to make provision for certain Payments to be made in connection with the Revocation of the Charter of the Royal Niger Company. (Royal Niger Company.) 138

44. An Act to empower Local Authorities to advance Money for enabling Persons to acquire the Ownership of Small Houses in which they reside. (Small Dwellings Acquisition.) 139

45. An Act to amend the Patriotic Fund Act, 1881, and the Patriotic Fund Act, 1886. (Patriotic Fund.) 150

46. An Act to amend the Enactments relating to the Improvement of Land. (Improvement of Land.) 160

47. An Act to provide for improving and extending the Procedure for obtaining Parliamentary Powers by way of Provisional Orders in matters relating to Scotland. (Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland).) 153

48. An Act to constitute the Divisions of Lincolnshire separate Counties for all the purposes of the Coroners Acts. (Lincolnshire Coroners.) 161

49. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.) 162

50. An Act for establishing a Department of Agriculture and other Industries and Technical Instruction in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith. (Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland).) 181

51. An Act to amend the Law relating to the sale of Food and Drugs. (Sale of Food and Drugs.) 195

TABLE II.

[Partial table of Local acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

62 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to change the Date of the Season for Partridge Shooting in Ireland.

[27th March 1899.]

---

WHEREAS under an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third (chapter twenty-one), intituled "An Act to amend the Game Laws," the shooting season in Ireland for partridges begins on the twentieth of September, and ends on the tenth of January, and it is expedient that the law in Ireland be in that respect altered:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The said Act of the Parliament of Ireland shall be read Alteration and have effect as if, with respect to partridges, the first day of f0fr^dge September had been mentioned throughout that Act instead of shooting, the twentieth day of September, and the first day of February instead of the tenth day of January.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Partridge Shooting (Ireland) Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and one thousand nine hundred.

[27th March 1899.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of

- a 8166. Wt. 81. A

2

Ch. 2, 3.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1899.

62 Vict.

Issue of

1.860,1152. 5s. Id. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the years ending

81st March 1898 and 1899.

Issue of 29,596,9002. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending

31 st March 1900.

Power to the Treasury to borrow.

Short title.

Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted .to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on the thirty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, the sum of one million eight hundred and sixty thousand one hundred and fifteen pounds, five shillings, and one penny.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred the sum of twenty-nine million five hundred and ninety-six thousand nine hundred pounds.

3. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of thirty-one million four hundred and fifty-seven thousand and fifteen pounds, five shillings, and one penny, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act,'1899.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[27th April 1899.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law : And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such

1899.

Army (Annual) Act, 1899.

Ch. 3.

forces should consist of one hundred and eighty-four thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite* for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allo w:

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand 44 & 45 Vict. eight hundred and ninety-nine on the following days : 58.

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the. Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and (b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and (c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1899. Short title.

2. — (1.) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the Army Act

periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise *45 'riot-provided by Parliament; that is to say, to be in force

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the for specified Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand times-eight hundred and ninety-nine to the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred, both inclusive; and A 2

4

Ch. a

Army (Annual) Act, 1899.

62 Vict.

Prices in respect of billeting.

(b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine to the thirty-first day of July one .thousand nine hundred, both inclusive; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine to the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred, both inclusive; and the day from which the Army Act is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the schedule to this Act.

Amendment of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. ss. 91,

138,145.

Amendment of Army Act.

4. — (1.) In section ninety-one and in subsection (8) of section one hundred and thirty-eight, and in subsection (2) section one hundred and forty-five, of the Army Act, after the words "a Secretary of State " in each place where they occur shall be inserted the words " or any officer deputed by him for the purpose," and after the words " the Secretary of State " in each place where they occur shall be inserted the words " or officer."

(2.) In subsection (2) of section ninety-one of the Army Act, the words " or under the hand of an under-secretary," and in proviso (a) of section one hundred and thirty-eight the words " by " a court martial, commanding officer, or Secretary of State," are hereby repealed.

rf44n&45ent 5. After the words " of the forces in India " where they occur vict. c. 58. in subsection (2) of section fifty-seven, subsection (3) of section

ns' amended by seventy-three, and subsection (2) and proviso (b) of section one mtopowers0-62' hundred and eighty-three, of the Army Act, shall be inserted the ila^inindia. "words " or such officer as the Commander-in-Chief of the forces in " India, with the approval of the Governor-General of India in " Council, may appoint."

Amendment 6. — (1.) In subsection (6) of section eighty-three of the Army

vict4 c! 58. -^ct, the words " or in the corps of armourer sergeants, or in the

ss. 83,190, " medical staft corps, or in the army service corps " and the words

its amended " or in the corps of mounted military police " shall be repealed.

1899.

Army (Annual) Act, 1899.

Ch. 3, 4.

(2.) In section one hundred and ninety of the Army Act, kf 58 Vict. subsection (15) (A) (iii), the words " the Army Service Corps, to " the Medical Staff Corps, and " and the word " other " shall be corps, repealed.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. One shilling and threepence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified - One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and uinc-ponce per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to amend the Solicitors Acts. [6th June 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Master of the Rolls in England shall have power to Power to reorder that the name of any solicitor who has been, either before or after the commencement of this Act, struck off the roll under ^truckoff^the the provisions of section thirty-two of the Solicitors Act, 1843, roll, shall be replaced upon the roll, and any such order shall be deemed ® *g7 Vict-to be an admission within and for the purposes of section eleven of the Solicitors Act, 1888, and the Lord Chancellor of Ireland shall 51 & 52 vict. have a like power in regard to a solicitor who has been struck off c‘65-the roll under the provisions of section fifty-one of the Solicitors gi & 62 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1898. °-25-

2. Section sixteen of the Solicitors Act, 1888, and section AppH»tfo«iof forty-seven of the Solicitors (Ireland) Act, 1898, as the case may 0> 65 s ]8ictt‘0

6

€h. 4, 5, 6.

Solicitors Act, 1899.

62 Vict.

solicitor struck off roll or suspended from practice.

Short title.

Combination of burghs or parishes for purposes of Act.

50 & 51 Vi2t. c. 42.

Appointment of committee.

Extent of Act.

Short title.

be, shall apply to every Solicitor who applies for a fresh certificate to practise after having been struck off the roll or suspended from practice.

3. This Act may be cited as the Solicitors Act, 1899, and may be cited with the Solicitors Acts, 1839 to-1894, and in its application to Ireland may be cited with Solicitors (Ireland) Acts, 1849 to 1898.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend the Public Libraries (Scotland) Acts.

[6th June 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where the Public Libraries Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1887, has been adopted for any two or more neighbouring burghs or parishes, the magistrates and council or board, as the case may be, of each such burgh or parish may, by agreement, combine for any period in carrying the said Act into execution, and the expenses thereof shall be defrayed by each burgh or parish in such proportions as may be provided by such agreement.

2. In case of such agreement to combine, the committee to be appointed in pursuance of the said Act shall be appointed by each burgh or parish in such proportion as may be provided by such agreement, and all the rights, powers, and duties belonging to the magistrates and council or board, or to a committee acting for a single burgh or parish, shall belong to such magistrates and council or board or committee when acting under .an agreement to combine.

3. This Act shall apply only to Scotland.

4. This Act may be cited as the Public Libraries (Scotland) Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the hearing of Appeals and Motions by the Court of Appeal.

[6th June 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1899.

Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1899. Ch. 6, 7.

7

1. Notwithstanding anything in section twelve of the Supreme Power for Court of Judicature Act, 1875, or in section one of the Supreme two judges Court of Judicature Act, 1890, if all parties to an appeal or motion or before the hearing file a consent to the appeal or motion being motion, heard and determined before two judges of the Court of Appeal, 38 & 39 vict-the appeal or motion may be heard and determined accordingly, g3 ^'54 victi subject nevertheless to the same right, if any, of appeal to the c. 44.

House of Lords as if the hearing and determination had been before

three judges. Provided that in all causes or matters to which any infant or person of unsound mind, whether so found by inquisition or not, or person under any other disability is a party, no such consent shall be given by the next friend, guardian, committee, or other person acting on behalf of the person under disability, so as to have the same force and effect as if such party were under no disability and had given such consent, unless with the previous consent of a court or a judge, nor so as to make such consent valid as between any committee of a lunatic and the lunatic, unless with the previous sanction of the Lord Chancellor or Lords Justices sitting in lunacy.

And provided also that if two judges having heard an appeal or motion shall differ in opinion, the case shall, on the application of any party to the appeal, be reargued and determined by three judges of the Court of Appeal before appeal to the House of Lords.

2. This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court of Judicature Short title. Act, 1899, and may be cited with the Judicature Acts, 1873 to

1894.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to enable and require the Metropolitan Water Companies to supply each other with Water in cases of emergency. [6th June 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

1. — (1.) It shall be the duty of the several metropolitan water Duties and

companies, and they are hereby respectively authorised — powers of

metropolitan

(a) if so required by the Local Government Board, to submit water com-schemes for works enabling the companies to supply each P^®^as to . other with water from any sources of supply which any Supply of company , are for the time being empowered to use, and to water, construct such works as may in the opinion of the Board be necessary for that purpose; and

Ch. 7.

Metropolis Water Act, 1899.

62 Vict.

& 53 Vict. 49.

(b) -whenever in the opinion of the Local Government Board a case of emergency has arisen, or is likely to arise, to supply, at a reasonable cost, and to such extent and during such period as the Board may direct, such water as may be required for the need of another metropolitan water company and may be available after satisfying the requirements of the district of the supplying company.

(2.) For the construction and maintenance of works required for the purposes of this Act each of the water companies may exercise within and without their district the same powers as they may exercise within their district for the purpose of supplying the same, and nothing in any Act, whether general or local, shall prevent any such company from supplying water to another company or for another district.

(3.) The cost of constructing works under this Act shall be borne, and the money required for the construction of such works shall be raised by the issue of debenture stock under the powers of this Act, by the company actually constructing the same, but the interest on such stock shall, subject as herein-after provided, be borne by the metropolitan water companies in proportion to their respective water rentals as appearing from time to time from their published accounts for their respective last completed year. Provided that any company receiving water by means of such works shall pay during the time they take such water, in addition to any other sum payable under this sub-section, such proportion of the interest on the total cost of their construction, not exceeding twenty pounds a day, as may be agreed by all the companies, or failing agreement be fixed by arbitration.

(4.) If any question arises as to the terms on which water is to be supplied by a company in pursuance of this Act, the question shall be settled by arbitration.

(5.) An arbitration under this section shall be in accordance with the Arbitration Act, 1889, and before an arbitrator appointed by the Local Government Board.

(6.) The Local Government Board may make such orders as they may deem necessary —

(a) fixing the times within which schemes are to be submitted and works are to be constructed; and

(b) determining the extent to which, and the period during which, supply is to be given, in pursuance of this Act; and

(c) prescribing the information to be supplied by the metropolitan water companies to the Local Government Board for the purposes of this Act.

If any of the metropolitan water companies makes default in compliance with any such order, the company shall be liable for every day during which the default continues to a penalty of one hundred pounds, which may be recovered by the Local Government Board as a debt due to the Crown. Provided that the Court may, if they think fit, adjudge the payment as a penalty of any sum less than the full amount of the penalty.

1899.

Metropolis Water Act, 1899.

Ch. 7.

9

2. — (1.) A metropolitan water company may, with the consent issue of of the Local Government Board, raise any money required to be debenture contributed by the company for the construction of the works 8 c needed to give effect to the requirements of this Act by the issue

of debenture stock, but the Board shall make it a condition of their consent that the stock be raised in accordance with the provisions contained in the most recent Act for the time being with reference to the issue of debenture stock by a metropolitan water company.

(2.) The power under this section of raising money by the issue of debenture stock shall apply to expenditure incurred by any metropolitan water company after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight upon the construction of works which would have been legal if they had been required to be constructed, and had been constructed in pursuance of this Act.

Provided that a company shall not be required to carry to a sinking fund a percentage on the amount of money for the time being raised by the issue of debenture stock created under the powers of this Act.

3. If the undertaking of any of the metropolitan water Provision

companies is purchased within seven years from the passing of *n ®asc o( r x t «/ © tuture pur-

this Act, otherwise than by agreement, by any public body or chase of trustees, nothing in this Act shall authorise the company to bring undertaking, into account or to make any claim in respect of any advantages conferred on them by or resulting from the passing of this Act.

4. — (1.) The Local Government Board may direct an inspector inquiries to hold any inquiry which the Board may deem necessary for the and eiPeua purposes of this Act, and ever3T such inspector shall, for the purposes of any such inquiry, have all such powers as an inspector

has for the purposes of inquiries directed by the Board under the 38 & 39 Vict. Public Health Act, 1875. c. 55.

(2.) All costs, charges, and expenses incurred by the Local Government Board in relation to any scheme submitted or inquiry held under this Act, including the expenses of any witnesses summoned by the inspector holding any such inquiry and a sum to be fixed by the Board for the services of any such inspector, shall be paid to the Board by the metropolitan water companies, or some of them, as the Board may direct, and may be recovered as a debt due to the Crown.

5. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the construction by any For pro-metropolitan water company of any works for the purpose pt utilising any supplies of water drawn from vvwJls outside the areas, districts of the metropolitan water companies net now utilised under the powers possessed by such companies.

6. In this Act the expression " metropolitan water companies " metropolitan

means the water companies specified in section three of the #&36^Stmes' Metropolis Water Act, 1871. , 0i 118,

7. This Act may be cited as the Metropolis Water Act, 1899. Short title.

10 Oh; & Infectious Disease (Notification) 62 & 63 Vict,

Extension Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to extend the Infectious Disease (Notification) Act, 1889, to Districts in which it has not been adopted. [20th June 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Extension of 1. — (1.) The Infectious Disease (Notification) Act, 1889, shall

52 & 53 Vict. after the commencement of this Act extend to and take effect in every urban, rural, and port sanitary district, as defined for the purposes of that Act, in England or Wales, whether that Act has or has not been adopted therein before the commencement of this Act.

(2.) In any such district in which the Infectious Disease (Notification) Act, 1889, has not been adopted before the commencement of this Act, that Act shall for the purposes of section fourteen thereof (which relates to the operation of local Acts) be treated as having been put in force on the commencement of this Act.

Saving for 2. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to repeal, alter, or

U rairatfild°f provisions of any local Act which immediately before the

u e e ‘ passing of this Act was in force within the county borough of Huddersfield.

Short title, 3, — (i.) This Act may be cited as the Infectious Disease

commerce^ (Notification) Extension Act, 1899, and the Infectious Disease

ment. (Notification) Act, 1889, and this Act may be cited together as the

Infectious Disease (Notification) Acts, 1889 and 1899.

(2.) The enactments specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, as regards England and Wales, to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

(3.) This Act shall come into operation upon the first day of January one thousand nine hundred.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter.- Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 72. - The Infections Disease In section two . the words

(Notification) Act, " after the adoption

1889. thereof."

Section five.

1899.

Finance Act, 1899.

Ch. 9.

11

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year. [20th June 1899.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseechYour Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: ,

PART I.

Customs.

1. The duty of Customs now payable on tea shall continue to Duty on tea. be charged, levied, and paid, on and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine until the first day of August one thousand nine hundred, on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland (that is to say) : —

Tea, the pound, Fourpence.

2. In lieu of the duties of Customs payable on wine imported Duties on into Great Britain or Ireland there shall as from the fourteenth wine> day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, be charged, levied, and paid the duties following (that is to say): —

£ s. d.

Wine —

Not exceeding 30 degrees of proof spirit, the

gallon - - - *013

Exceeding 30 but not exceeding 42 degrees of proof spirit, the gallon . . * 0 3 0

And for every degree, or part of a degree, beyond the highest above charged, an additional duty, the gallon - - - 0 0 3

Sparkling wine in bottle, an additional duty,

the gallon - 0 2 6

Still wine in bottle, an additional duty, the

gallon - 010

In this section —

The word " wine " includes lees of wine ;

The word " degree " does not include a fraction of the next higher degree.

12

Ch. 9.

Finance Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

Additional duties on spirits.

Stamp duty on foreign or colonial instruments on which duty is not now payable.

3. In addition to the duties of Customs payable on spirits imported into Great Britain or Ireland, there shall, as from the thirteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, be charged, levied, and paid, the following (that is to say): —

Spirits in bottle, enumerated and tested, and sweetened spirits in bottle, unenumerated and tested, the proof gallon -Perfumed spirits, liqueurs, cordials, mixtures, and other preparations in bottle, entered in such a maimer as to indicate that the strength is not to be tested, the liquid gallon ----

£ 8. d.

0 1 0

0 10

PART II.

Stamps,

4. — (1.) There shall be charged on every marketable security made or issued by or on behalf of any foreign State or Government, or foreign or colonial municipal body, corporation, or company, being a security transferable by delivery, which

(a) is after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, assigned, transferred, or in any manner negotiated in the United Kingdom, and

(b) is not, under the law existing at the passing of this Act, chargeable with stamp duty as a marketable security transferable by delivery,

and on every share warrant or stock certificate to bearer by means of which any share or stock of any company or body of persons formed or established out of the United Kingdom is, after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, assigned, transferred, or in any manner negotiated in the United Kingdom, a stamp duty of one shilling for every ten pounds, and also for any fractional part of ten pounds in the case of a marketable security of the money thereby secured, and in the case of a share warrant or stock certificate of the nominal value of the share or stock to which the warrant or certificate relates.

(2.) There shall be charged on every instrument to bearer, not being a share warrant or stock certificate to bearer charged under the foregoing provision, by means of which any share or stock of any company or body of persons formed or established out of the United Kingdom is, after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, assigned, transferred, or in any manner negotiated, in the United Kingdom, a stamp duty of threepence for every twenty-five pounds, and also for every fractional part of twenty-five pounds of the nominal value of the share or stock.

(3.) Every person who, in the United Kingdom, assigns, transfers, or in any manner negotiates, or is concerned as broker or agent in assigning, transferring, or in any manner negotiating, any

1899.

Finance Act, 1899.

Ch. 9.

13

instrument which is chargeable with duty under this section, and is not duly stamped, or any share or stock by means of such an instrument, shall incur a fine of twenty pounds, and the amount of the duty shall be a debt due from any such person to Her Majesty.

(4.) For the purposes of this section —

(a) the expression "share warrant to bearer" includes any

instrument by whatever name called, having the like effect as a share warrant issued under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1867; and c°m31 Vict'

(б) the expression " stock certificate to bearer " includes any instrument, by whatever name called, having the like effect as a stock certificate to bearer.

5. — (1.) The stamp duty charged under the Stamp Act, 1891, on Extension of share warrants issued under the provisions of the Companies Act, stamp duty 1867, shall extend to any instrument to bearer issued by or on

behalf of any company or body of persons formed or established and stock in the United Kingdom and having a like effect as such a share j®1^0^1®* warrant, and the stamp duty charged on stock certificates to bearer & 5r5 vict_ as defined by the Stamp Act, 1891, shall extend to any instrument c. 39. to bearer issued by or on behalf of any company or body of persons formed or established in the United Kingdom, and having a like effect as such a stock certificate to bearer.

(2.) Section one hundred and seven of the Stamp Act, 1891 (which relates to the penalty for issuing share warrants not duly stamped), shall apply to any instrument chargeable with stamp duty under this section as a share warrant or stock certificate to bearer, in the same manner as it applies to the share warrants named in that section; and section one hundred and nine of the Stamp Act, 1891 (which relates to the penalty for issuing stock certificates unstamped), shall apply to any instrument chargeable with stamp duty under this section as a stock certificate to bearer in the same manner as it applies to the stock certificates to bearer named in that section, and as if " company or body of persons " were mentioned in sub-section one of that section as well as " local authority."

6. For the purposes of this Part of this Act, an instrument used Provision as to for the purpose of assigning, transferring, or in any manner instruments negotiating the right to any marketable security, share, or stock delTven^m shall, if delivery thereof is by usage treated as sufficient for the pursuance of purpose of a sale on the market, whether that delivery constitutes usa8e-

a legal assignment, transfer, or negotiation or not, be deemed a marketable security transferable by delivery, or an instrument to bearer, as the case may be, and the delivery thereof an assignment, transfer, or negotiation.

7. Five shillings shall be substituted for two shillings as the increase of ad valorem stamp duty imposed by sections one hundred and company's twelve and one hundred and thirteen of the Stamp Act, 1891, as capit u extended by section twelve of the Finance Act, 1896, on the 59 & 60 Vict. statements with regard to the capital of companies referred to in c. 28. those sections.

14

Ch. 9.

Finance Act, 1899.

62 & 63 VICT.

Duty on loan 8. — (1.) Where any local authority, corporation, company, or

capital. body of persons formed or established in the United Kingdom propose to issue any loan capital, they shall, before the issue thereof, deliver to the Commissioners a statement of the amount proposed to be secured by the issue.

(2.) Subject to the provisions of this section every such statement shall be charged with an ad valorem stamp duty of two shillings and sixpence for every hundred pounds and any fraction of a hundred pounds over any multiple of a hundred pounds of the amount proposed to be secured by the issue, and the amount of the duty shall be a debt due to Her Majesty.

(8.) The duty under this section shall not be charged to the extent to which it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the stamp duty payable in respect of a mortgage or marketable security has been paid on any trust deed or other document securing the loan capital proposed to be issued.

(4.) If any local authority, corporation, company, or body of persons neglect to deliver a statement, or fail to pay the duty in compliance with this section, that local authority, corporation, company, or body of persons, shall be liable to pay to Her Majesty, in addition to the duty, a sum equal to ten per cent, upon the amount of the duty, and a like sum for every month after the first month during which the neglect or failure continues.

(5.) In this section the expression " loan capital " means any debenture stock, county stock, corporation stock, municipal stock, or funded debt, by whatever name known, or any capital raised by any local authority, corporation, company, or body of persons formed or established in the United Kingdom, which is borrowed, or has the character of borrowed money, whether it is in the form of stock or in any other form, but does not include any county council or municipal corporation bills repayable not later than twelve months from their date or any overdraft at the bank or other loan raised for a merely temporary purpose for a period not exceeding twelve months, and the expression " local authority" includes any county council, municipal corporation, district council, dock; trustees, harbour trustees, or other local body by whatever name called.,

increase of 9. — (1.) Sixpence shall be substituted for one penny as the

?TyrB0f stamp duty chargeable under the Stamp Act, 1891, on a letter of allotment and allotment, arid letter of renunciation, or any other document having letters of the effect of. a letter of allotment, where the nominal amount which renunciation. js an0tted or to which the letter of renunciation relates is not less than five pounds.

(2.) A separate duty Shall be chargeable in respect of letters of allotment and letters of renunciation, although they may be contained in the same document.

(3.) The stamp duty of sixpence, chargeable by virtue of this section on a letter of renunciation, may be denoted by an adhesive stamp, which is to be cancelled by the person by whom the letter of renunciation is executed.

of duty on 10* (!) The duty payable under the Stamp Act, 1891, on bills

certain bills of of exchange drawn and expressed to be payable out of the United exchange. r j

1899.

Finance Act, 1899.

Ch. 9.

15

Kingdom, when actually paid or endorsed or in any manner negotiated in the United Kingdom, shall, where the amount of the money for which the bill is drawn exceeds fifty pounds, be reduced so as to be —

(a) where the amount exceeds fifty pounds and does not exceed one hundred pounds, sixpence; and

(b) where the amount exceeds one hundred pounds, sixpence for every one hundred pounds and also for any fractional part of one hundred pounds of that amount.

(2.) The stamp duty chargeable under the Stamp Act, 1891, on bills of exchange expressed to be payable at a period not exceeding three days after date or sight shall be one penny, in lieu of the duty now chargeable thereon; and accordingly the first heading,

Bill of Exchange, in the schedule to that Act, shall be read as if the words " or within three days after date or sight " were contained therein, after the word " presentation."

11. The provisions contained in section ninety-eight of the Amendment Stamp Act of 1891 in reference to the expression "policy of 54 &955°vict insurance against accident " shall extend to and include policies of c> a9 insurance or indemnity against liability incurred by employers in consequence of claims made upon them by workmen who have sustained personal injury when the annual premium on such

policies does not exceed one pound.

12. — (1.) Where an instrument other than a bill of exchange or Amendment promissory note is charged with an ad valorem duty in respect of 54 &65gfy;ct any money in any foreign or colonial currency, a rate of exchange £ a9 as to for which is specified in the schedule to this Act, the stamp duty rates of

on that instrument shall, instead of being calculated as provided exchange, by Section six of the Stamp Act, 1891, be calculated according to the rate of exchange so specified.

(2.) The Commissioners may substitute, as respects any foreign or colonial currency mentioned in the schedule to this Act, any rate of exchange for that specified in the schedule, and may add to the schedule a rate of exchange for any foreign or colonial currency not mentioned therein, and this Act shall be construed as if any rate of exchange for the time being substituted or added were contained in the said schedule, and in the case of the substitution of a rate of exchange as if the rate for which the new rate is substituted were omitted from that schedule.

(3.) Any substitution or addition so made by the Commissioners shall not take effect until it has been advertised in the London Gazette for two successive weeks.

13. Sub-section one of section fifty-two of the Stamp Act, 1891, Amendment which relates to the definition of contract note, shall be construed gy^y-w as if, after the word. " principal " where it secondly occurs in that c. 39. sub-section, there were added the words "being a member of a " stock exchange in the United Kingdom."

14. This Part of this Act shall be construed together with the .

C3i * H ° - . of Part of Act.

Stamp Act, 1891.

16

Ch. 9.

Finance Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

PART III,

Income Tax.

income tax 15, — (1.) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day

for 1899-1900. 0£ one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, shall be

charged at the rate of eightpence.

(2.) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine shall have full force and effect with respect to the duty of income tax hereby granted.

(3.) The annual value of any property which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules A. and B. in c®4 17 Vict- the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house duty, during the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, shall be taken as the annual value of such property for the same purpose during the next subsequent year: Provided that this section —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

(b) shall not apply to the Metropolis as defined by the Valuation 32 & 33 Vict (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

PART IV.

National Debt.

Amount Of 16. The amount of the permanent annual charge for the permanent National Debt during the current and every subsequent financial annual .charge year, shall be the sum of twenty-three million pounds, and Debt.a,‘ "twenty-three" shall be substituted for "twenty-five" in section 38 & 39 Vict. one of the Sinking Fund Act, 1875, as amended by subsequent c' 45‘ Acts and sub-section one of section two of the National Debt and

5° & si Vwt. Loang Act, 1887, and section one of the National Debt Act,

52 Vict. c. 6. 1889, shall be repealed.

Creation of 17*____(!) The Treasury may exchange the existing terminable

terminable annuities created in pursuance of section four of the National Debt annuities. an(£ Local Loans Act, 1887, for new terminable annuities of equivalent capital value and terminating in the year ending on the last day of March, nineteen hundred and twelve.

(2.) The Treasury may convert the sum of fifteen million pounds consolidated stock held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of trustee and post office savings banks into a terminable annuity of equivalent capital value, and terminating in the year ending on the last day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-three.

(3.) A terminable annuity created under the foregoing provisions of this section shall be periodically adjusted in manner provided t654.47ViCt' by ?ection four of the National Debt Act, 1883, as amended by

54 & 55 Vict.

section three of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, and c. 24. for that purpose may be increased or reduced, and the National

Debt Act, 1883, as so amended, shall apply for the purpose of the

1899.

Finance Act, 1899.

Ch. 9*

17

adjustment and the calculation of the equivalent capital value of a terminable annuity created under the foregoing provisions of this section.

(4.) The Treasury may convert the charge for thirteen million pounds created by section one of the National Debt (Conversion 55 & 56 Vict. of Exchequer Bonds) Act, 1892, into a terminable annuityc-26-terminating in the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and twenty-three, of such amount as will be sufficient to repay, within the period of its currency, the said sum of thirteen million pounds, with interest at the rate of two pounds fifteen shillings per cent, per annum, and as from the date of the conversion the said Act shall be repealed.

(5.) A terminable annuity created under this section shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, and shall be payable as part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt yearly, half-yearly, or quarterly, at such times in each year as may be fixed by the warrant creating the annuity.

(6.) This section shall have effect as from the beginning of the current financial year, and the Treasury shall adjust all accounts and all receipts and expenditure so as to give effect to this section as from that date, and for that purpose may cause sums to be paid into or out of the Exchequer, and charge any sum on and issue any sum out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, and may direct any other payments to be made by or to the National Debt Commissioners or other bodies affected by this section.

PART Y. General.

18. This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1899.

Short title.

SCHEDULE.

Equivalents in Sterling op Foreign Currencies.

Section 12.

Gold dollar

Five to one pound.

Silver dollar Yen -Rouble -

Florins

Guilders

Gulden

Rupee -

Fifteen to one pound. Twenty to one pound.

Mark

Franc -Xiira -

j. Twenty-five to one pound.

iq Ch, io, 11. Parish Councillors (Tenure of Office) 62 & 63 Vict,

Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to enablo Parish Councillors to hold Office for Three Years. [20th Juno 1899.]

"IT WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Local Government 56 & 57 Vict. H Act, 1894, and to make provisions for the election of parish °*73- councils triennially instead of annually:

Bo it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Term of office 1, — (1.) From and after the first day of January, one thousand

councillor nine hundred, subsections three, four, and seven of section three of the Local Government Act, 1894, shall be repealed, and the same are hereby repealed accordingly.

(2.) The term of office of a parish councillor shall be three years.

(3.) On the fifteenth day of April, in the year one thousand nine hundred and one, and on the fifteenth day of April in every third year then following, parish councillors shall go out of office, and their places shall be filled by the newly-elected councillors.

(4.) The term " ordinary " shall be deemed to'be substituted for the word " annual " in subsection one of section forty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1894.

(5.) The parish council shall in every year on or within seven days of the fifteenth day of April, hold an annual meeting.

Extent of Act. 2. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland.

Short title. 3. This Act may be cited as the Parish Councillors (Tenure of

Office) Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to assimilate the Law of Scotland and of Ireland as to Imprisonment in Default of Payment of Pines to that of England. [13th July 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Release of 1. Where a person is committed to prison for non-payment of a

payment of sum adjudged to be paid by the conviction of any court of sum-

portion of mary jurisdiction, then, on payment to the governor of the prison, under conditions prescribed by prison rules, of any sum in part satisfaction of the sum so adjudged to be paid, and of any charges for which the prisoner is liable, the term of imprisonment shall be reduced by a, number of days bearing as nearly as possible the same

1899.

19

Fine or Imprisonment (Scotland and Ch. 11, 12. Ireland) Act, 1899.

proportion to the total number of days for which the prisoner is sentenced as the sum so paid bears to the sum for which he is so liable.

2. In the application of this Act to Scotland — sStumda^d0 (1.) Provision may be made by Act of Adjournal under "'ilSnmt!1

section thirty-three of the Summary Procedure Act, 1864, Application of for the application of sums paid under this Act, and for any 27&28 Vict. c.63. matter incidental thereto:

(2.) This Act shall be read as one with the Prisons (Scotland) 40 & 41 vict. Act, 1877, and may be cited with the Prisons (Scotland) c. 53.

Acts, 1860 to 1887: provided that in this Act the expression " prison " shall include police cells declared legal prisons in terms of the said Acts, and the expression " governor " shall include any officer in charge of such police cells.

3. In the application of this Act to Ireland — Application to (1.) Provision may be made by regulations under section six Ireland-

of the Fines (Ireland) Act, 1851, for the application of sums 14 & 15 vict. paid under this Act, and for any matter incidental thereto : « 9°-(2.) Prison rules for the purpose of this Act may be made by the General Prisons Board for Ireland, subject to the approval of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council, and section fifty-seven of the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 40 & 41 vict. 1877, shall apply to such rules: - c. 49.

(3.) This Act may be cited with the Prisons (Ireland) Acts,

1826 to 1884..

4. This Act shall come into operation in each country Commence-respectively on the date at which the first prison rules made ment of Act' thereunder for that country come into force.

5. This Act shall not apply to England and Wales. Extent of

Act.

6. This Act may be cited as the Fine or Imprisonment Short title. (Scotland and Ireland) Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Law with regard to Reformatory Schools. [13th July 1899.]

IY WHEREAS by section one of the Reformatory Schools Act, T 1893, a court is empowered to order that, in certain cases therein stated, a youthful offender shall be sent to a reformatory school:

And whereas it is expedient that where a court orders a youthful offender to be sent to a reformatory school, that offender shall not in the first instance be sent to a prison:

20

Cn. 12,13.

Reformatory Schools Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Amendment of £6 & 57 Vict. e. 48.

Short title.

Amendment of 66 & 57 Vict. c. 51.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Reformatory Schools Act, 1893, shall be read and have effect as if the following proviso were added at the end of section one, that is to say : " Provided that where the offender is ordered " to be sent to a certified reformatory school he shall not in " addition be sentenced to penal servitude or imprisonment."

2. This Act may be cited as the Reformatory Schools Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Employment and Education of Young Children. [13th July 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: 1

1. On and after the first day of January one thousand nine hundred the Elementary Education (School Attendance) Act, 1893, sVll have effect as if "twelve" were substituted therein for " eleven."

Provided that nothing in this Act shall apply in the case of any child who at the said date is, under the byelaws then in force in the school district in which he resides, exempt, wholly or partially, as the case may be, from the obligation to attend school.

Provided also that the local authority for any district may, by byelaw for any parish within their district, fix thirteen years as the minimum age for exemption from school attendance in the case of children to be employed in agriculture, and that in such parish such children over eleven and under thirteen years of age who have passed the standard fixed for partial exemption from school attendance by the byelaws of the local authority shall not be required to attend school more than two hundred and fifty times in any year.

Such byelaw shall have effect as a byelaw made under section seventy-four of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, and all Acts amending the same.

The local authority shall be the local authority fixed by section seven of the Elementary Education Act, 1876.

Provided also that a child shall be entitled to obtain partial exemption from school attendance on attaining the age of twelve years if such child has made three hundred attendances in not

1899.

Elementary Education (School Ch. 13, 14.

Attendance) Act (1898) Amendment Act, 1899.

21

more than two schools during each year for five preceding years whether consecutive or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Elementary Education (School Attendance) Act (1893) Amendment Act, 1899, and shall be read with the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1897.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to make better provision for Local Government in London. [13th. July 1899.]

1) E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and J with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Establishment of Metropolitan Boroughs.

1. The whole of the administrative county of London, exclusive of the City of London, shall be divided into metropolitan boroughs (in this Act referred to as boroughs), and for that purpose it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council, subject to and in accordance with this Act, to form each of the areas mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act into a separate borough, subject, nevertheless, to such alteration of area as may be required to give effect to the provisions of this Act, and subject also to such adjustment of boundaries as may appear to Her Majesty in Council expedient for simplification or convenience of administration, and to establish and incorporate a council for each of the boroughs so formed.

2. — (1.) The council of each borough shall consist of a mayor, aldermen, and councillors. Provided that no woman shall be. eligible for any such office.

(2.) An Order in Council under this Act shall fix the number of councillors, and fix the number and boundaries of the wards, and shall assign the number of councillors to each ward, that number being divisible by three, and regard being had to the rateable value as well as to the population of the wards.

(3.) The number of aldermen shall be one-sixth of the number of councillors, and the total number of aldermen and councillors for each borough shall not exceed seventy.

(4.) Except as otherwise provided by or under this Act, the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1888, with respect to the chairman of the county council and the county aldermen respectively shall apply to the mayor and aldermen of a metropolitan borough respectively, and for this purpose references in that Act to the chairman of the county council and to county

Short title and construction.

Establishment of metropolitan boroughs iu London.

Constitution of borough councils.

51 & 52 Vict. o. 41.

22

Ch. 14.

London Government Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict,|

86 & 57 Vict. ot 78.

Date for elections of councillors.

aldermen shall be construed as references to the mayor and: aldermen of the borough.

(6.) Except'as otherwise provided by or under this Act, the law ! relating to the constitution, election and proceedings of admini&l trative vestries, and.to the electors' and .members thereof, shall/ apply in the case of the borough councils under this Act and the] electors and councillors thereof, and section forty-six of the Local! Government Act, 1894, relating to disqualifications shall apply to l the offices of mayor and alderman.

(6.) The quorum of the borough council shall be one-third of the! whole number of the council.

(7.) The mayor and an alderman of a' metropolitan borough shall! he required to accept office within the same period as is-,allowed in] the case of a councillor.

(8 j The Local Government Board may, on request made by a I borough council in pursuance of a resolution of the council passed] by a majority of two-thirds of the members present and voting! at a meeting of the council duly convened for . the purpose,! provided that such majority, is not less than the'majority of the! whole council, make an order directing that the whole of thej councillors shall retjre together on .the ordinary day of election ini every third year, and may on like request rescind any such, order, j

3. — (1.) The first elections of all borough councilors under this] Act shall be held on the first day of; November one thousand nine hundred, or on such later day, as soon as practicable thereafter, as may be fixed by the Lord President of the Council, ^Kd^hall also fix a corresponding date for the first elections of mayor and aldermen.

(2.) The ordinary day of election of borough councillors shall be the first day of November, or if that day is Sunday/then..thej following day.

(3.) The ordinary day of election of ' the mayor and' aldermen, shall be the ninth day of November, or if that day is Sunday, then, the following day

(4.) The revised lists of voters in each borough shall in each year after the year one thousand nine hundred be' printed and signed before the twentieth day of October, and come into operation as the register for the purpose of. borough, elections on the first day of November.

Powers of Borough Cov/ncUs.

Transfer to 4. — (1.) On the appointed day every Elective vestry and district

cranc^s of hoard in the county of London shall cease td! exist, and, subject powers from the provisions of this Act and of aniy scheme made thereunder, vestries and their powers and duties, including those under any local Act, district boards. shall, as from the appointed day, be transferred to the Cdiincil for the borough Comprising the area within which those powers are exercised, and their property and liabilities shall be transferred to that council, and that'council shall be their successors, and the clerk of the council shall he called the town clerk, and shad he

1899.

London Government Act, 1899.

Ch. 14.

28

the town clerk within the meaning of the Acts delating to the registration of electors.

Provided that in the case of borrowing powers so transferred, if the London County Council refuse their sanction, or do . not within six months after application made give their sanction, to a loan, or attach conditions . to their sanction, an appeal shall lie to the Local Government Board, whose decision shall be final.

(2.) Where any of the adoptive Acts is adopted within a borough, the borough council shall be the authority for administering the Act; and, where any such Act- has been adopted before the appointed day, and is administered by commissioners or a board, a scheme under this Act shall abolish the commissioners or board, and transfer their: powers duties, property, and liabilities to the borough council.

j The powers of a borough council shall, save as in this Act mentioned, extend to the whole of their borough, i Provided that any power or duty Of the council under any Act, whether general or local, conferring powers in relation to some particular parish, or jlistnpt, or part.^of' a parish or district, shall be exercised and.jperformed. by the council either throughout the borough or in.a limited pmt thereof, or shall cease to ^e exercised and performed, as may be provided by a scheme under this Act, haidug regard to theobject of tjhg.Act under which, the power^or duty arises, and to the nature of any, change of area or alteration of boundary made by or under this Act.

(4.) Any of the adoptive Acts may be adopted in a metropolitan borough in like manner as in a borough outside London, and not otherwise, and where any of the adoptive Acts adopted before the appointed day does not extend to the whole borough, the Act may be adopted in tlfo'fcegt 'Of the bdfo^gh in lik§ manner as if it''were a Separate tb®roiigh' and tfi^'borough ^6mcu! 'were the "council thereof 1

5. — (1.) As- from the- appointed day the pbwers- and duties of Transfer of the London County Council under the enactments mentioned - in powers from Part One of the Second Schedule to^,this Apt shall,subject .tovthe County con^p^0.mentfo schedulej/be transferred to -eaeh Coiwcii.

borough cOuhcil as respects their borough. *

J (2.) As . from the : appointed * day . the powers of" the London "C5unty .Council under the * enactments mentioned . in Part Two .of the .Second,Schedule to, this Act may, subject to the conditions mentioned 'in that schedule, be exercised also by each, borough council as respects their bprough.

(3.) Th e Local 'Government Board may, if they think fit, on the application of the London Cotinty Council and of the majority1 of the borough councils, make a Provisional Orde#"for transferring to all the borough councils any power exerciseable by the County Council, for transferMfig-fto the County Council any poorer exerciseable by the borough councils.'

7(4)' The Local Government Boat'd may also, on the joint applica--tion- of the London. County Cotdfoil and the fCbmmon Coimdtl'bf the City fof. London* make a Provisional Order transferribg any

24

Crt. 14.

London Government Act, 1899. 62 & 68 Vict

Additional powers and duties of borough councils.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 76.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 91.

power from the County Council to the Common Council, or from the Common Council to the County Council.

6. — (1.) As from the appointed day the power and duty of maintaining any main road existing at the passing of this Act within a "borough shall be transferred to the borough council, and the road shall vest in the borough council and shall cease to be a main road.

(2.) Where a highway in a borough is repairable by the London County Council by reason of its being the roadway or footway of a bridge, embankment, or otherwise, the borough council shall, if so required by the county council, undertake the maintenance and repair thereof in consideration of such annual payment by the county council as may from time to time be agreed on, or in default of agreement be finally determined by the Local Government Board, and for the purpose of the undertaking the borough council shall have the same powers and be subject to the same duties and liabilities as if the highway were vested in them.

(3.) The power of a borough council to close or stop up a street under section eighty-four of the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, shall not require the sanction, or allowance of the London County Council. Provided that before closing or stopping any such street the borough council shall give notice to the councils of any contiguous boroughs.

(4.) It shall be the duty of each borough council to enforce within their borough the byelaws and regulations for the time being in force with respect to dairies and milk, and with respect to slaughter-houses, knackers' yards, and offensive businesses, and for the purpose of performing this duty the borough council shall in all cases have the same powers of entiy as they have in the case of slaughter-houses and knackers' yards, and if the council make default in performing this duty, the provisions of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, shall apply as if the default were a default under that Act.

(5.) A borough council may, with the consent of the Local Government Board, alienate any land for the time being vested in the council, and the proceeds of the sale of any land sold by the council shall he applied in such manner as the Local Government Board sanction towards the discharge of any loan of the council or otherwise for any purpose for which capital may be applied by the council.

(6.) A borough council shall have the same powers of promoting and opposing Bills in Parliament, and of prosecuting or defending any legal proceedings necessary for the promotion or protection of the interests of the inhabitants of their borough, as are conferred on borough councils outside London by the Borough Funds Act, 1872, and the provisions of that Act shall extend to the council of a metropolitan borough as if that council were included in the expression " governing body | and the borough were a district in that Act mentioned.

1809.

London Government Act, 1899.

Clr. 14.

25

7. — (1.) Where any power or duty is transferred from the E xpenscs London County Council to a borough council or from a borough council to the London County Council by or under this Act, p0wer80r the borough council or county council, as the case may be, shall duties, defray as part of their ordinary expenses the expenses of and ihcidental to the power or duty, but the county council shall contribute to the borough council, or the borough council to the county council, in respect of those expenses, such amount, if any (whether capital or annual), and subject to such conditions, if any,

as may —

(a) if the. transfer is made by this Act, be agreed on between the councils within six months after the transfer, or in default of agreement be finally determined by the Local Government Board; and

(b) if the transfer is made by a Provisional Order, be fixed by the Order.

Provided that every borough council shall have an opportunity of making a representation to the Local Government Board as to the amount of any contribution under this section to another qounci), and if the amount is settled by agreement may, within three months from the date at which the agreement is notified to them, appeal against it to the Local Government Board, who may finally determine the amount.

(2.) Where the transfer is made by Provisional Order the amount of contribution from or to the county council may be varied in each case to meet the circumstances of the case.

(3.) This section shall apply as if the Common Council of the City of London were the council of a metropolitan borough.

8. — (1.) Any committee appointed by a borough council for the Committees,

purpose of the Public Libraries Acts, 1892 and 1893, may consist 55 & 56 Vict. partly of persons not members of the council. 565& r? v'ct

(2.) Every committee shall report their proceedings to the c. li. council, but, to the extent to which the council so direct, the acts and proceedings of the committee shall not require the approval of the council. Provided that a committee shall not raise money by loan or by rate, or spend any money beyond the sum allowed by the council.

(3.) Every borough council shall from time to time appoint a finance committee for regulating and controlling the finance of the council; and no order for payment of any sum, whether on account of capital or income, shall be made by a borough council except in pursuance of a resolution of the council passed on the recommendation of the finance committee; and any costs, debt, or liability exceeding fifty pounds shall not be incurred except upon a resolution of the council passed on an estimate submitted by the finance committee. The notice of the meeting at which any resolution for the payment of any sum by the borough council (otherwise than for ordinary periodical payments) or any resolution for incurring any costs, debt, or liability exceeding fifty pounds will be proposed, shall state the amount of the said sum, costs, debt, or

26

Ch. 14.

London Government Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

56 & 57 Vict. e. 73.

Payments to and by borough council.

Levy of rates.

liability, and the purpose for which they are to be paid or incurred. Provided that the foregoing provisions shall not apply to payments made in pursuance of a precept from another authority.

(4.) Section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1894, which relates to joint committees, shall, with the substitution of the words Local Government Board for County Council therein, apply to borough councils as if they were district councils.

9. — (1.) All payments to and by the borough council shall be made to and by the borough treasurer, and all payments by the council shall, unless made in pursuance of the specific requirement of an Act of Parliament, or of an order of a competent court, be made in pursuance of an order of the council signed by three members of the finance committee present at the meeting of the council, and countersigned by the town clerk, and the same order may include several payments. Moreover, all cheques for payment of moneys issued in pursuance of any such order shall be countersigned by the town clerk, or by a deputy approved by the council.

(2.) Any such order may be removed into the High Court of Justice by writ of certiorari, and may be wholly or partly disallowed or confirmed on motion and hearing with or without costs according to the judgment and discretion of the court.

Rates, Overseers, and Audit.

10. — (1.) A scheme under this Act shall provide for all the expenses of a. borough council being paid out of the general rate, and for the discontinuance of a separate sewers rate and separate lighting rate, but shall make provision for protecting the interests of owners and occupiers of any hereditament which is exempt from any rate or liable to be assessed thereto at a less amount than other hereditaments.

(2.) After the appointed day the general rate and the poor rate shall be assessed, made, and levied together by the borough council as one rate, which shall be termed the general rate, and shall be assessed, made, collected, and levied, as if it were the poor rate, and all enactments applying or referring to the poor rate shall, subject to the provisions of this Act as to audit, be construed as applying or referring also to the general rate.

(3.) Where a borough comprises more than one parish, the amount to be raised to meet the expenses of the borough council, or other sums payable as part of those expenses, shall, subject to any provision required for the adjustment of local burdens, be divided between the parishes in proportion to their rateable value.

(4.) Where any of the adoptive Acts, or any local or other Act, does not extend to the whole borough, any rate required to meet the expenses incurred under the Act shall, subject to the provisions of any scheme under this Act, be levied together with, and as an additional item of, the general rate over the area to which the Act extends.

1899.

[London Government Act, 1899.

Ch. 14.

27

After the appointed day the council of each borough Provisions as shall be the overseers of every parish within their borough, and ^nd collection shall appoint such officers as may be required to assist in the of rates, transaction of the business, and shall defray the expenses of and incidental to the performance of the duties, of overseers. Provided that the town clerk of each borough shall have the powers and duties and be subject to the liabilities of overseers with respect to the preparation of lists of voters and of jury lists in the borough, and any document required to be signed by overseers may be signed by the town clerk.

(2.) After the appointed day every precept issued by any authority in London for the purpose of obtaining money which is ultimately to be raised out of a rate within a borough, other than a precept sent to guardians by the Local Government Board or by a body containing representatives elected by the guardians, shall be sent to the council at their office, addressed to the council or to the town clerk. Any such precept, if so sent and addressed, shall be deemed to be personally served on the council, and shall be executed by them. " Precept " in this section includes any order, certificate, warrant, or other document of a like character, and the Local Government Board may settle the form of any precept as so defined.

(3.) After the appointed day all the rates collected in a metropolitan borough from any person by the council shall, as far as is practicable, be levied on one demand note, and the demand note shall be in a form approved by the Local Government Board, and shall state in manner provided in that form —

(a) the rateable value of the premises in respect of which the rate is levied; and

(b) the rate in the pound; and

(e) the period for which the rate is made; and

(d) the several purposes for which the rate is levied; and

(e) the approximate amount in the pound required for each purpose (including, as far as is practicable, the proportionate amount of the estimated costs of and loss in collection)'; and

(/) any matter required by section two of the London (Equalisa- 57 & 58 Vict. tion of Rates) Act, 1894, or any other enactment, to be stated c- 53-in the demand note.

12. As between landlord and tenant every tenant who, if this Incidence of Act had not been passed, would have been entitled to deduct jt®wer®.t]® °tr against or to be repaid by his landlord any sum paid by the 18 equlva en ‘ tenant on account of the sewers rate, shall in like manner be‘

entitled to deduct against or to be repaid by his landlord such portion of the general rate as represents the sewers rate.

13. Where the whole of a poor law union is within one borough, Assessment the assessment committee shall, notwithstanding anything in CommitteeSi section five of the Valuation1 (Metropolis) Act, 1869, be appointed 82 & 83 v,ct< by the borough council instead of by the board of guardians, and,

where the borough comprises the whole of two or more unions,' the council shall appoint only one assessment committee for those

London Oovo'uni&nt Act, 1800,

02 & 08 Vict.

Ch, 14

A«£t of

SKVOonts.

unions. and wlnuv tho council appoint the assessment connnittoo the town clerk shall act as the clerk to that connnittoo,

14. After the appointed day the accounts of tho council of every metropolitan borough, and of any connnittoo appointed by the council, and of their officers, including the accounts relating to the making, levy, and collection of any rate made by tho council, shall he made up and audited iu like manner and subject to tho same provisions as the accounts of the London County Council, and the enactments relating' to the audit of those accounts and to all matters incidental thereto and consequential thereon, including the penal provisions, shall apply accordingly.

Orders and Schemes.

Appointment 15. — (1.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council to refer

of Commis- to a Committee of the Privy Council the appointment of Corn-preparation missioners to prepare such Orders and schemes as are required for of Orders and carrying this Act into effect, and the Committee may settle the schemes. Orders and schemes so prepared, and may employ such persons as they may deem necessary for the purposes of this Act.

(2.) Before any Order in Council forming an area into a borough is made under tins Act, the draft thereof shall be laid before each House of Parliament for a period of not less than thirty days during the session of Parliament, and if either of those Houses before the expiration of those thirty days presents an address to Her Majesty against the draft or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, without prejudice to the making of any new draft Order.

(3.) The Commissioners shall for the execution of their duties under this Act have the like powers as inspectors of the Local Government Board.

(4.) Any expenses incurred by the Committee under this Act shall, to the amount certified by the Treasury, be paid by the London County Council out of the county fund.

Proruions to be rmA* by scheme.

4* fc 46 Vict. e. so.

it A 52 Vict. ft. 41,

56 * 57 Vict. e. 1%.

16. — (1.) A scheme under this Act may make provision —

(a) for any matters which under this Act are to be regulated by scheme; and |b) for any of the purposes, except police, for which a scheme may be made under Part Eleven of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, so far as those purposes are consistent with this Act; and

(c) for anything which may be done with respect to a parish by an order under section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888, or may be done under section thirty-three of the Local Government Act, 1894, so, however, that parishes in different unions shall not be united except with the approval of the Local Government Board; and (cl) for such adjustments as may be required for carrying into effect any of the provisions of this Act or for preventing any injustice with respect to the incidence of any rate or the discharge of any liability or otherwise, and in particular

1809.

London Government Act, 1800,

Ch. 14.

29

for such adjustments as may be required for tho efficient maintenance of any libraries, baths, or washhouses, which have been maintained under the provisions of any of tho adoptive Acts; and (r) for preserving, so far as may appear necessary or expedient, any right, power, exemption, or immunity heretofore exercised or enjoyed in respect of property belonging to or occupied by the Crown or any Government department; and

(/) for making such alterations in the boundaries of the electoral divisions for the purpose of school board elections as may be rendered necessary by any alteration in the area of the county of London; and

(g) for repealing or modifying any local Act other than the

London Building Act, 1894; and 57 & 58 Vict.

(h) for carrying into effect this Act or any Order in Council c-ccxiii-made thereunder;

and may contain any incidental, consequential, or supplemental provisions, which may appear to be necessary or proper for the purposes of the scheme.

(2.) In making adjustments by a scheme under thi3 section, regard shall be had to any composition, contribution, or exemption, whether statutory or otherwise, which has heretofore existed in regard to any portion of any area dealt with under the scheme.

(3.) The provisions of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, 45 & 46 Vict. as amended by the School Boards Act, 1885, with respect to a 4'85& 49 vict scheme under Part Eleven of the first-mentioned Act, shall apply c. 38. in the case of any scheme under this Act with the necessary modifications, and any governors or trustees of the poor or other similar body under a local Act shall be deemed, but the London County Council shall not be deemed, to be a local authority within the meaning of those provisions. There shall also be deemed to be local authorities within the meaning of the said provisions: —

(a) the mayor, commonalty, and citizens, and the Court of Aldermen of the City of London, so far as relates to any powers exerciseable by them or by officers appointed by them respectively within the ancient borough of Southwark; and

(b) the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, so far as relates to any powers of local government exerciseable by them or their officers within the borough of Westminster, and the Court of Burgesses of the ancient city of Westminster.

(4.) Provided that notification in the London Gazette, and in such other manner as the Committee of Council may direct, of a draft scheme having been prepared or of a scheme having been settled, and of the place where copies of it can be inspected and obtained, shall be substituted for publication of the draft scheme or scheme in the London Gazette or in the manner required by the Seventh Schedule to the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. efso. Vict‘

17. — (1.) E very part of tho administrative county of London Rules as to outside the City shall be situate in some borough and some parish, 11

30

Ch. 14.

London Government Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict

and aparish shall not bo situate in more than one borough, or partly in a borough and partly in the City.

(2.) An Order in Council under this Act may divide a parish or place into parts for the purpose of giving effect to this section or of constituting a satisfactory area for a borough, and, unless otherwise provided by the Order or by a scheme under this Act, each part shall be a separate parish.

Detached parts 18. — (1.) Every part of a parish in London which is wholly

of parishes. detached from the principal part of the parish shall by an Order in Council under this Act be annexed to or divided between any of the boroughs which it adjoins, and be either constituted a separate parish or be annexed to or divided between any of the parishes which it adjoins, so however that the provisions of this Act with respect to a parish not being situate in more than one borough shall be observed.

Provided that if the Commissioners under this Act make a special report to Parliament that by reason of anything done under any of the adaptive Acts, or for any Other exceptional reason, it is impracticable to deal with a detached part of a parish in manner required by the foregoing provisions of this section, those provisions shall not apply.

And further provided that the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to the hamlet of Knightsbridge.

(2.) Where the county of London surrounds a detached part of a parish in another county, the foregoing provisions shall apply, and the detached part shall for all purposes become part of the county of London and of the appropriate county electoral division.

(3.) Where a detached part so becomes part of the county of London, and is part of any urban district the remainder of which adjoins the county of London, the whole of the district may, by Order in Council, if it seems expedient after considering all the circumstances of the base, be added to and form for all purposes part of the county of London and of the appropriate borbugh.

(4.) Where a detached part of a parish in the county of London is wholly surrounded by any other County, the detached phrt shall for all purposes become part of that county, and where a-detached part as aforesaid is surrounded by more than one county, that detached part shall become part of such county as shall be determined by Order in Council Under this Act, and every | such detached part shall, by Order in Council, be either constituted a separate parish or annexed to or divided between any parish or parishes which it adjoins, and be added to the appropriate county district and county electoral division.

(5.) Nothing ini this section shall apply to the City of London.

(6.) The London -County Council and the council of any adjoining county-shall be entitled to be heard on any alteration or proposed alteration of the area of the county of London.

tUStT 19 — 0-)H scheme under this Act shall provide for placing

Woolwich. Woolwich under the general law applying to metropolitan boroughs, and for the repeal of the application thereto of the provisions of the Public Health Acts and other enactments not applying to

1899.

London Government Act, 1899.

Ch. 14.

31

London, and for the application thereto of the Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 to 1893, and other enactments applying to London,

(2.) Subject to the provisions >of any such scheme, this, Act shall apply to Woolwich in like manner as it* .the local board of health thereof were an administrative vestry.

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall prevent the council of any borough consisting of or comprising Woolwich from continuing to make any contribution for the purpose of technical education hitherto made by any local authority, or from exercising any existing powers of carrying on a market.

20. — (1.) An Order in Council under this Act may either Special proannex Penge to the borough of Lewisham or to the borough of *°

Qamberwell, or separate jt. dcom they county of London and prake

it form part of the county, of Surrey or of the county, of Kent, and if it is so separated, shall provide for constituting it an urban district, br for adding it to an adjoining county borough or urban district, and if necessary shall determine, the county electoral division to which it is to belong.

' (2.) A scheme under this Act shall ‘make such provision as may be necessary for the apportionment and transfer of property and liabilities, and for the repeal of the I application .to Penge of the Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 -tor 1893, and any other enactments applying? to London, and 'for the application. thereto of the Public Health Acts..and. other, enactments not; applying to London.

21. An'Order in Council under this Act may detach Kensington Provision as Palaqe from , the, borough .of Westminster and attach it .to the Kensington borough df ^K&nsfhgf on;'

22. The places known as the Inner and Middle Tehiples shall Provision as for the; purposes of this Act be dehme^otb- be within the city of to tie TempieB. London.

' /Supplemental.

23. — (1.) Nothing in this Act shall transfer to a borough council Church affairs any powers' cS? auti®3 df a vestry Which relate to the affairs of the and charities. Chufch or any interest of a vestry in any church property, or

shall make any incumbent or churchwarden an ex-officio member of a thorough couhCil, and a scheme dSider this Act shall provide for vesting any such powers and duties in the inhabitants of some parish or ecclesiastical district, and for vesting any such interest in ,th§ . incumber®| and churchwardens or one pr some of them, and for the coUecih|ii of any rate coimectedyrith 'a church or an incumbentby the churchwardjens^ or by officers appointed for- the purpose.

Provided, that, any building which belongs ,to any . body whose , powers and duties ai®, transferred to any borough council by#hr under this Act, and which has been .erected wholly or partly oh a churchyard shall, with its appurtenances, be transferred* to

32

Ch. 14.

London Government Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

56 & 57 Vict. e. 73.

Mayors of boroughs as justices of the peace.

Deputy town clerk.

Alteration of wards.

and vest in the council, subject to such right of use for church purposes as may be given by the scheme.

(3.) As from the appointed day, the churchwardens of every parish within a metropolitan borough shall cease to be overseers, and references in any Act to the churchwardens and overseers of any such parish shall, except so far as those references relate to the affairs of the church, be construed as references to the council of the borough comprising the parish, and the legal interest in all property vested either in the overseers or churchwardens and overseers of aoy such parish (other than property connected with the affairs of the church or held for an ecclesiastical charity within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1894), shall, subject to the provisions of any scheme under this Act, vest in the borough council.

(4.) Provision shall be made by scheme under this Act for substituting nominees of the borough council for overseers as trustees of any charity, due regard being had to the area benefited by the charity.

(5.) The Charity Commissioners shall, for the purposes of this Act, have the like powers with respect to charities, subject to the like appeal, as they have under and for the purposes of the Local Government Act, 1894.

(6.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the right to the benefit of any charity, or shall alter or confer any power of altering the defined charitable purposes (if any) to which any property is by law applicable at the passing of this Act.

24. With respect to a mayor of a borough being by virtue of his office a justice of the peace —

(1) he shall become a justice of the peace for the county of London;

(2) he shall not be disqualified by reason of being a solicitor practising or carrying on business in the county of London or city of London;

(3) he shall not practise as a solicitor before any justices of the county of London.

25. In case of the illness or absence of the town clerk, the borough council may appoint a deputy town clerk to hold office during their pleasure, and all things required or authorised by law to be done by or to the town clerk may be done by or to the deputy town clerk, and no defect in the appointment of a deputy shall invalidate his acts.

26. — (1.) Whenever the Local Government Board is satisfied that a prima facie case is made out for a proposal for the alteration of the number of wards of a metropolitan borough, or of the boundaries of any ward, or of the apportionment of the members of the council among the wards, the Local Government Board may cause such inquiry to be made and such notices to be given as they may think expedient; and if satisfied that the proposal is desirable, may make an order accordingly.

1899.

London Government Act, 1899.

Ch. 14.

33

(2.) Notice of the provisions of the order shall be given, and copies thereof shall be supplied, in such manner as the Local Government Board may direct.

(3.) The expenses of aud incidental to the making of the order shall be paid by. the borough council.

27. — (1.) An Order in Council under this Act shall — Provisions as

(a) give each of the metropolitan boroughs an appropriate name; and

(b) fix the days, years, and times for the retirement of the first aldermen and councillors; and

(c) give such directions as to the first meeting of the borough councils, and make such other temporary modifications of the provisions of this Act, as may appear to Her Majesty to be necessary or proper for making those provisions applicable in the case of the first constitution of a borough council.

(2.) An Order in Council under this Act may make such provisions, as appear necessary for adapting the enactments relating to the registration of electors to the provisions of this Act "with respect to the powers and duties of the town clerk and overseers, and in particular for applying, so far as appears necessary, the law regulating the registration of electors in a municipal borough outside London.

(3.) An Order in Council under this Act shall provide for the Revised lists of voters in the administrative county of London outside the city being, in the year one thousand nine hundred, printed and signed before the twentieth day of October, and coming into operation as the register for the purpose of borough elections on the first day of November, and may provide for such adjustment of the lists of voters and registers with respect to any alteration under this Act of parish boundaries as may appear required for the purpose of those elections.

(4.) On the day on which the first borough councillors elected under this Act come into office, the persons who are then members of elective vestries or district boards, and the auditors and overseers of any place to be included in a borough, shall cease to hold office, and until that day the persons who are at the passing of this Act members of elective vestries and district boards, and auditors and overseers, shall continue in office as if the term of office for which they were elected or appointed expired on that day, and, except for the purpose of filling casual vacancies, no further election or appointment shall be held or made.

28. — (L) Sections two hundred and ninety-seven and two Provisional hundred and ninety-eight of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall °r^of apply to any Provisional Order made under this Act as if it were Local Govem-a Provisional Order made under that Act, except that the expenses ment Board, incidental to the Provisional Order shall be defrayed by the councils 38 39 v,ct-concerned in such proportions as the Local Government Board may determine.

C

Ch. 14.

London Government Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

34

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

31 & 32 Vict.

C. 119.

Proceedings in case of doubts as to transfer of powers.

Existing

officers.

50 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

(2.) Sub-sections one and five of section eighty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall apply to any proceedings of the Local Government Board under or for the purposes of this Act.

(3.) Where the Local Government Board are authorised by this Act to determine any matter, it shall be at their option to determine the matter as arbitrators or otherwise, and, if they elect to determine the matter as arbitrators, the provisions of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1868, respecting arbitrations by the Board of Trade, and the enactments amending those provisions, shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to the Local Government Board and the determination of matters under this Act.

29. If any question arises, or is about to arise, as to whether any power, duty, or liability is or is not transferred by or under this Act to the council of any metropolitan borough, or any property is or is not vested in any such council, that question, without prejudice to any other mode of trying it, may, on the application of the council', be submitted for decision to the High Court in such summary manner as, subject to any rules of court, may be directed by the court; and the court, after hearing such parties and taking such evidence (if any) as it thinks just, shall decide the question.

30 — (1.) Where the powers and duties of any authority are transferred by or under this Act to any borough council, the existing officers of that authority shall be transferred to and become the officers of that council. Any assistant overseers, rate collectors, and other officers employed in the performance of duties of overseers within a borough shall also be transferred to and become officers of the council for that borough. The council may abolish the office of any such officer whose office they may deem unnecessary; but any officer required to perform duties such as are not analogous, or which are an unreasonable addition to those which he is at present required to perform, may relinquish his office, and any officer so relinquishing his office, or whose office is abolished, shall be entitled to compensation under this Act.

(2.) Sub-sections four and seven of section eighty-one of the Local Government Act, 1894, shall apply to the existing officers affected by this Act as if references in those sub-sections to the district council were references to the borough council, and all expenses incurred by the borough council in pursuance of those sub-sections shall be paid out of the general rate : Provided that the borough council may, if it thinks fit, take into account continuous service under any authority or authorities to which this Act refers, in order to calculate the total period of service of any officer entitled to compensation under this Act.

(3.) For the purposes of this section " existing officers " shall mean officers holding office on the twenty-fourth day of February one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine and also at the passing of this Act.

1899.

London Government Act, 1899.

Ch. 14.

35

(4.) A scheme under this Act may make such provisions as may appear necessary for carrying this section into effect, and if necessary for determining the authority to whom any existing officer is to be transferred, and for applying the provisions of this section to any officer who suffers pecuniary loss by reason of anything in or done under this Act, although he is not transferred to a borough council, and although he is not an officer of an authority whose powers and duties are transferred by or under this Act, and for determining in any such case the fund out of which compensation is to be paid.

31. — (1.) Where any Act passed before the passing of this Act Construction contains expressions referring to a borough, those expressions shall of Acts and not be construed as referring to a metropolitan borough created by

this Act unless applied thereto by or under the provisions of this Act or of any subsequent enactment.

(2.) Any enactment in any Act, whether general or local, referring to an authority whose powers or duties are transferred by or under this Act to a borough council shall be construed with the necessary modifications, including the substitution of the borough council for that authority and of the borough for the area of that authority.

(3.) Nothing in or done under this Act shall be construed as altering the limits of any parliamentary borough or parliamentary county.

(4.) Except so far as the areas of parishes and sanitary districts are altered by or under this Act, nothing in this Act shall affect the London (Equalisation of Rates) Act, 1894. 57 & 58 Vict.

(5.) Nothing in this Act, or in any order or scheme under this c' '

Act, shall abridge, alter, or affect the powers, rights, duties, or jurisdiction of the School Board for London over the area which for the time being constitutes the administrative county of London.

32. Nothing in this Act shall authorise any borough council to Borough alienate any recreation ground or other open space dedicated to Aliena'S0^11° the use of the public, or any land held on trusts which prohibit spaces. 0pen building thereon.

33. — (1.) For the purposes of this Act the appointed day shall Appointed day be the day on which the members of the borough councils first and lr?nsltory elected under this Act come into office, or such other day not being provisions-more than six months earlier or later, as the Lord President of the

Council may appoint, either generally, or with reference to any particular provision of this Act, and different days may be appointed for different purposes and different provisions of this Act, whether contained in the same section or in different sections, or for different boroughs.

(2.) Subject to the provisions of any scheme under this Act, and to such adaptations as may be made by Order in Council, sections eighty-five to eighty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1894 56 & 57 Vict. (which contain transitory provisions), shall apply in the case of °- 73-boroughs and borough councils under this Act.

36

Ch, 14.

London Government Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Definitions.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

Short title and repeal.

Section 1.

34. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression " administrative vestry " means a vestry having the powers of a vestry elected for a parish specified in Schedule A. to the Metropolis Management Act, 1855; and the expression " elective vestry " means any vestry elected under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855:

The expression " rateable value " shall include the value of Government property upon which a contribution in lieu of rates is paid:

The expressions " powers," " duties," " property," " liabilities," and " powers, duties, and liabilities," have respectively the same meanings as in the Local Government Act, 1888:

The expression " adoptive Acts " means the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1896, the Burial Acts, 1852 to 1885, and the Public Libraries Acts, 1892 and 1893:.

The expression " local Act " includes a provisional order confirmed by an Act, and the Act confirming the order; and the expression " enactment " includes a provision of any such order.

35. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the London Government Act, 1899.

(2.) As from the appointed day the enactments mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Arf.AS WHICH ABE TO BE BOROUGHS.

The parishes of — -

Battersea. Islington.

Bethnal Green. Kensington.

Camberwell. Lambeth.

Chelsea. Paddington.

Fulham. St. Marylebone.

Hackney. St. Pancras.

Hammersmith. - Shoreditch.

Hampstead.

The area consisting of the parishes of Mile End Old Town and SL George's-in-the-East and the districts of the Limehouse and Whitechapel Boards of Works including the Tower of London and the liberties thereof.

The district of the Poplar Board of Works.

The district of the Wandsworth Board of Works.

The area consisting of the parishes of St. George the Martyr, Christchurch, Southwark, St. Saviour, Southwark, and Newington.

1899.

London Government Act, 1899.

Ch. 14

37

The area consisting of the parishes of Rotherhithe, Bermondsey, Horselydown, and St. Olave and St. Thomas, Southwark.

The area of the parliamentary division of Holborn.

The area consisting of the parliamentary divisions of East and Central Finsbury.

The area of the parliamentary borough of Deptford.

The area of the parliamentary borough of Greenwich.

The area of the parliamentary borough of Lewisham.

The area of the parliamentary borough of Woolwich.

The area of the ancient parliamentary borough of Westminster, comprising the parishes of St. Margaret and St. John, Westminster, the parish of St, George, Hanover Square, the parish of St. James, Westminster, the parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields and the district of the Strand Board of Works, and including the Close of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and the Liberty of the Rolls.

The area consisting of the parish of Stoke Newington and of the urban district of South Hornsey, or so much thereof as may be incorporated with the county of London under this Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

PART I. ' Section 5 (1).

Minor Powers and Duties to be Transferred from . County Council.

Powers and Duties transferred. Conditions of Transfer.

m

Power under section eighty-four of the London* Building Act, 1894, to license the setting up of wooden structures, and power to take proceedings for default in obtaining or observing the conditions of a licence under that section.

Power under section, one hundred and thirty-four of the London Building Act, 1894, in relation to the removal of unauthorised sky signs.

Subject in case of default to the provisions of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, as if the default were a default under that Act.

Powers under section one hundred and ninety-nine of the London Building Act, 1894, which section relates to the removal of obstructions in streets.

Power under section twenty-eight of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, of registering dairymen.

Subject to the power of the London County Council to make byelaws, and in case of default to the provisions of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, as if the default were a default under that Act.

38

Ch. 14.

London Government Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

Section 5 (2).

57 & 58 Vict. c. ccxiii.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 113.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 25.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 70.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

Part II.

Powers of County Council to be exercised also by Borough Councils.

Powers exerciseable.

Conditions of Exercise.

Power under section one hundred and seventy of the London Building Act, 1894, which section relates to the demolition of buildings in case of the conviction for an offence against the Act, or byelaws made under it.

The power to be exercised only where the borough council have obtained the conviction.

Power to take proceedings in respect of timber or other articles piled, stacked, or stored in contravention of section one hundred and ninety-seven or section two hundred (11) (h) of the London Building Act, 1894.

The power to be exercised only within the borough.

Powers under sections seventeen to twenty-five of the Metropolis Water Act, 1871, with respect to regulations of water companies.

The power to be exercised only with respect to a water company supplying any part of the borough.

Power under section seven of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, to make or »

appear in opposition to certain complaints.

Powers under section sixty-five of the The power to be exercised only Local Government Act, 1888, which where the land is required for

section relates to the acquisition of the purpose of any of the

land. powers or duties of the

borough council.

Power to adopt Part III. of the Housing i The power to be exercised only of the Working Classes Act, 1890. within the borough.

Power to make byelaws under section twenty-three of the Municipal Corpora- I tions Act, 1882, as applied by section j sixteen of the Local Government Act, 1888.

The byelaws to be in force only within the borough and not to be inconsistent with any byelaws made by the county council.

3899.

London Government Act, 1899.

Ch. 14,

39

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 18.

The Parliamentary In section fifty-six, the words Voters (Registra- "or to the town clerk of tion) Act, 1843. the borough of Southwark"

and the words " and in regard to the borough of Southwark the high bailiff of the said borough."

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

The Metropolis Man- Sections two and three, agement Act, 1855 Section five.

Section seven.

Section eight, from the beginning to " shall be elected and, " and the words "with such other persons as herein-before mentioned."

Sections eleven and twelve.

Section twenty - eight to " every such meeting."

Section twenty-nine.

Section thirty-one to forty-two.

Sections fifty-five and fifty-six.

Sections fifty - seven, fifty -eight, sixty, sixty-one and sixty-six, so far as they relate to district boards and their districts, and section fifty-eight, from " Provided always " to the end of the section.

Section ninety - one, from. * ‘ save as regards " to " any of the said Acts; and."

Section one hundred and fifty -fOur, from "may sell and dispose of any land" to " just; and any such board or vestry," except in so far as it applies to the Metropolitan Board of Works.

Section one hundred and fifty-eight, from ‘ * but every such vestry."

Sections one hundred and sixty-obe to one hundred and sixty-five.

Sections one hundred and Sixty-six to one hundred and sixty-nine.

! Sections one hundred and seventy-two to one hundred I and seventy-four,

Section 35 (3).

Ch. 14,

London Goverwment Act, ] 899, 62 & 63 Vicx,

Session and Chapter.

Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120. — cant.

The Metropolis Management Act, 1855 — cotit.

Sections one hundred and seventy-five to one hundred 'and seventy-nine. ' Sections one hundred and ninety-two to one hundred and ninety-seven.:

In section one hundred and ninety - eight, the words " the said account in abstract " to " printed

therewith," and the words " account in abstract, statement, and" wherever they

occur.

In section one hundred and ninety - nine, the words ‘ ‘ according to the provisions of this Act."

Section two hundred and thirty-seven, from " nor shall such parts " to " cleansing."

Section two hundred and thirty-eight.

25 A 26 ¥ict. c. 102.

48 149 Vict. 123.

The Metropolis Man- ! agement Amendment Act, 1862.

The Bedistribution of Seats Act, 1885.

In section eight, the words " and the precepts for " obtaining; payment of " moneys required by the " board for that purpose." Sections nine to twelve. Section fourteen.

Section fifteen, so far as it relates to vestries and district boards.

Section sixteen.

Section thirty-seven, so far as it relates to district boards. Section thirty-eight.

Section forty.

Section forty-one.

In section fifty-six, the words " out of the sewers rate to " be levied in their parish " or district."

In section eighty-four, the words "with the previous " sanction of the Metropolitan Board of Works " and the words " allowed by " the Metropolitan Board." The forms of precept in Schedule 0.

In section twelve the words "and also the town clerk | for the new borough | within the meaning of I the Registration Acts."

1899.

London Government Act, 1899.

Ch. 14,15.

41

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 76. - The Public Health Sections one hundred and two

(London) Act, 1891. and one hundred and forty, and the Second Schedule.

55 & 56 Vict. o. 53. - The Public Libraries Act, 1892. Section twenty-two.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73. - The Local Govern- In section thirty-one, the words " the local board of Woolwich and"; the words " and the auditors for " parishes elected under " those Acts, and so far as " respects the qualification " of persons to be elected "as if members of the " district boards under the " said Acts,''and the words " and no person shall ex " officio be chairman of " any of the said vestries "; and sub-section (2). At the end of section forty-six, the words "and in the " case of London auditors

ment Act, 1894.

" as if they were members " of a district council." In section forty-eight. Bub-section (4), the words "and " of members of the local " board of Woolwich"; and in sub-section (5), the words " local board or and " or auditor."

56 & 57 Vict. c. ccxxi. The London County Council (General Powers) Act, 1893. Section fifteen.

58 & 59 Vict. c. cxxvii. The London County Council (General Section forty-two.

Powers) Act, 1895.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the provisions of the Metropolis Management Acts with respect to Byelaws.

[1st August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and' by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may for all purposes be cited as the Metropolis short title. Management Acts Amendment (Byelaws) Act, 1899.

42

CH. 15.

Metropolis Management Acts 62 & 63 Vict. Amendment (Byelaws) Act, 1899.

Powers as to byelaws.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Approval of byelaws.

2. The powers of the London County Council for making byelaws under section two hundred and two of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, shall extend and apply to authorise the Council to make byelaws for the following purpose:

Requiring persons about to construct, reconstruct, or alter the pipes, drains, or other means of communicating with sewers, or the traps and apparatus connected therewith, to deposit with the sanitary authority of the district such plans, sections, and particulars of the proposed construction, reconstruction, or alteration as may be necessary for the purpose of ascertaining whether such construction, reconstruction, or alteration, is in accordance with the statutory provisions relative thereto, and with any byelaws made under the said section.

Provided that any such byelaws shall not require the deposit of any plan or section in the case of any repair which does not involve the alteration or the entire reconstruction of any such pipe, drain, or other means of communicating with sewers, or the traps and apparatus connected therewith.

Provided that any such byelaws shall not require the deposit of plans, sections, and particulars before the work is commenced in any case in which the alteration of the drains must be carried out at once, but the byelaws may require such deposit to be made within a limited time from the commencement of the work.

3. For the purpose of the byelaws under this Act, and of such byelaws under the Metropolis Management Acts as are referred to in the schedule to this Act, section two hundred and two of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, shall be read and have effect as if the Local Government Board were therein mentioned instead of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Transfer of Byelaws.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 102. Metropolis Management Act, 1855. Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862. Section 138 of the Act of 1855 and section 83 of the Act of 1862. Byelaws for the guidance, direction, and control of vestries and district hoards and all other persons in relation to the levels, dimensions, construction, alteration, maintenance, ventilation, and cleansing of sewers, and for securing the proper connexion and intercommunication of the sewerB of the several parishes and districts, and their communications with the main sewers vested in the London County Council, and generally for the guidance, direction, and control of

1899.

Metropolis Management Acts Amendment (Byelaws) Act, 1899.

Ch. 15,1(5.

43

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Transfer of Byelaws.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102. — coni. Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862 — cont. vestries and district boards in the exercise of their powers and duties in relation to sewerage.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120. Metropolis Management Act, 1855. Section 202. Byelaws for regulating the material of the pavement and roadway of new streets and roads, and the dimensions, form, and mode of construction, and the keeping, cleansing, and repairing of the pipes, drains, and other means of communicating with sewers and the traps and apparatus connected therewith.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to give powers to the Executive Committee of the Gordon Memorial College at Khartoum to invest Trust Funds in certain Securities. [1st August 1899.]

WHEREAS by a deed poll bearing date the eleventh day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, The Right Honourable Horatio Herbert Baron Kitchener of Khartoum,

G.C.B., K.C.M.G.,' Sirdar, or other the Governor-General of the Soudan for the time being, the Governor of the Bank of England for the time being, The Right Honourable Evelyn Viscount Cromer, G.C.B., G.C.M.G., K.C.S.I., C.I.E., The Right Honourable Nathaniel Mayer Baron Rothschild, The Right Honourable John Baron Revelstoke, The Right Honourable Charles William Baron Hillingdon, Ernest Cassel, K.C.M.G., and Hugh Colin Smith,

Esquire, were appointed the Executive Committee of a college proposed to be formed at Khartoum in the Soudan, in memory of General Gordon, and to be known as the " Gordon Memorial College at Khartoum," and to be endowed by public subscription and otherwise for the purposes and with the objects, and as in the said deed more particularly defined, and trustees of the funds subscribed and to be subscribed for the purposes of the same were appointed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Executive Committee and Trustees named in the deed Powers of herein-before recited, may invest the trust funds now or at any ^vestment.

44

Ch. 16,17. Gordon Memorial College at Khartoum 62 & 63 Vict

Act, 1899.

time in their hands or under their control for the purposes of the said College in the stocks, bonds, or obligations of the Egyptian Government, or in investments the principal and interest of which is secured by the guarantee of the Egyptian Government, or entitling the holders thereof to payment of principal and interest out of moneys payable by the Egyptian Government on such stock, bonds, or obligations, deposited with trustees or otherwise, or in the purchase of any lands, buildings, hereditaments, and property in the Soudan or other parts of Egypt that may be required for the purposes of the said College, or in any other security in which trustees may lawfully invest, and may vary any such investments.

Citation. 2. This Act may be cited as the Gordon Memorial College at

Khartoum Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Payment of Bates on Tithe Rentcharge attached to a Benefice.

[1st August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Exemption of owner of tithe rent-charge attached to a benefice from one-half of rates to which Act applies.

Interpretation.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 30.

H Vict. c. 8.

L The owner of tithe rentcharge attached to a benefice shall he liable to pay only one-half of the amount of any rate to which this Act applies, which is assessed on him as owner of that tithe rentcharge, and the remaining one-half shall, on demand being made by the collector of the rate on the surveyor of taxes for the district, be paid by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue out of the sums payable by them to the Local Taxation Account, on account of the estate duty grant.

2. — (1.) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

(a.) The expression " estate duty grant " means the grant made under section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1894, in substitution for the probate duty grant:

(&.) The expression " benefice " includes all rectories with cure of souls, vicarages, perpetual curacies, endowed public chapels and parochial chapelries, and chapelries or districts belonging or reputed to belong, or annexed, or reputed to be annexed, to any church or chapel, and districts formed for ecclesiastical purposes by virtue of statutory authority, and includes benefices in the patronage of the Crown or of the Duchy of Cornwall (c.) The expressions "owner of tithe rentcharge" and "tithe rentcharge " have the same meanings respectively as in the Tithe Act, 1891. -.

1899.

Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Act, 1899. Ch. 17,18.

45

(2.) This Act shall apply in the case of any person liable to pay rates in respect of any payment in lieu of tithe as in the case of the owner of tithe rentcharge.

3. This Act may be cited as the Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Act, Short title. 1899.

4. This Act shall apply to every rate as defined by section Application nine of the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896 (except any rate which "g^g^ykt. the owner of tithe rentcharge is liable, as compared with the c ]C-occupier of buildings, to be assessed to or to pay in the proportion

of one half or less than one half), which is made after the fifteenth day of September one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and during the continuance of the said Agricultural Rates Act,

1896.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend certain provisions of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896, affecting the Congested Districts Board, and to make further provision for the expanses of that Board out of money provided by Parliament.

[1st August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where the Congested Districts Board make an offer to the Amendment of Land Judge for the purchase of an estate or part of an estate 59 * 60 Vict-for the purpose of re-selling the same to the tenants thereon, the £ CMe of°' provisions of section forty of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896 purchase by (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), shall be suspended, Congested and shall not have effect in the case of that estate or part of an s estate unless and until the offer is refused by the Land Judge, or is withdrawn.

2. — (1.) Where the Land Commission have made an advance to Provision for the Congested Districts Board under sub-section (1) of section *®iemPt»on forty-three of the principal Act, and the land purchased by the foterestein Board is subject to any superior interest as defined by section case of thirty-one of the principal Act, or any incumbrance as defined by (^f^SOQon, section thirty-four of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1887, the Land gested Dis-Commission may on the application of the Board exercise any tricts Hoard-powers for the apportionment and redemption of superior interests 55 ' '"f conferred on them by the Land Purchase Acts, and may direct 50 & 51 vict. that a sum of guaranteed land stock equivalent at the price of the c-33-day to the redemption price of the superior interest, or the amount due in respect of such incumbrance, as the case may be, shall be advanced and disposed of in like manner as if the advance were

Ch, IS.

46

Congested Districts Board (Ireland) 62 & 63 Vict. Act, 1899.

Amendment of 59 & 60 Vict. c. 47. ss. 43 and 44, -with respect to registration of land and stamp duty.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 66.

Amendment of 59 & 60 Vict. c. 47. | 43 (2) with respect to limit of advance and repeal of s. 43 (6).

Provision of money for Congested Districts Board.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 48.

Short title and construction.

made to a tenant for the purchase of his holding, and the amount of such advance shall be repaid by the Board in the manner provided by sub-section (3) of the said section forty-three.

(2.) Rules for the purposes of this section may be made by the Land Commission, aud shall be laid before Parliament.

3. — (1.) Notwithstanding anything in sub-section (1) of section forty-three of the principal Act, the Land Commission shall not make an advance under that sub-section unless the ownership of the land is registered under the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891.

(2.) Where the ownership of any land has been registered under the said Act of 1891, after the date of an agreement for the sale thereof to the Congested Districts Board, no fee shall be payable to the Local Registration of Title Office on the transfer to the trustees of the Board of that land, and in no case shall any such fee be payable on any sale by that Board to a tenant of his holding upon any land the ownership of which is registered.

(3.) So much of sub-section (5) of section fourty-four of the principal Act as exempts the holdings therein mentioned from the provisions of the said Act of 1891 is hereby repealed.

(4.) No stamp duty shall be payable on any purchase of land by the Board for the purpose of sales to tenants.

4. — (1.) The limit provided by sub-section (2) of section forty-three of the principal Act in respect of advances which may be made by the Land Commission to the Congested Districts Board may, in exceptional cases, with the consent of the Treasury, be exceeded to such extent and for such periods as the Treasury may determine.

(2.) Sub-section (6) of the said section forty-three (which prohibits the Land Commission from making an advance in respect of the purchase of a small holding) is hereby repealed.

5. For the purposes of sub-section (3) of section forty of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, and for other purposes of the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Acts, there shall be paid, as from the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, to the Congested Districts Board, subject to such conditions as the Treasury may require, out of money provided by Parliament, an annual sum not exceeding twenty-five thousand pounds.

6. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Act, 1899.

(2.) This Act shall be construed as one with the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Acts, and together with those Acts may be cited collectively.

1899.

Ch. 19.

47

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act for incorporating in one Act certain provisions usually contained in Provisional Orders made under the Acts relating to Electric Lighting.

[9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The provisions contained in the schedule to this Act shall be Provisions incorporated with and form part of every Provisional Order made "j schedule by the Board of Trade after the commencement of this Act under p0ratedCin the Electric Lighting Acts, save so far as they are expressly varied Electric or excepted by the Order, and shall, subject to any such variations or exceptions, apply, so far as applicable, to the undertaking authorised by the Order.

The said provisions shall also, with the necessary modifications, and in particular with the substitution of the words " special Act " for " special Order," be incorporated with any special Act, save so far as they are expressly varied or excepted thereby.

The expression " Electric Lighting Acts " means in this Act the 45 & 46 Vict. Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, and, so far as respects c- 5®-Scotland, the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, and the Vict

Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act, 1890. 53 & 54 Vict.

The expression " special Act " means in this A«?t any Act passed c-13-after the commencement of this Act authorising the supply of electricity for any public or private purposes within any area.

2. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Electric Lighting Short title, (Clauses) Act, 1899. extent, and

(2.) Except so far as any of the provisions contained in the ^ence" schedule to this Act are incorporated with any Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts extending to the county of London, or with any special Act so extending, this Act shall not apply to the county of London.

(3.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

SCHEDULE.

1. The provisions of this schedule are to he read and construed subject Interpretation, in all respects to the provisions of the Electric Lighting Acts, and of any other Acts or parts of Acts incorporated therewith, and those Acts and parts of Acts are in this schedule collectively referred to as " the principal Act"; and the several words, terms, and expressions to which by the principal Act meanings are assigned, shall have in this schedule the same respective meanings, provided that in this schedule —

The expression " the Special Order " means any Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the principal Act with which the provisions of this schedule are incorporated and includes those provisions as so incorporated:

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

48

The expression " energy " means electrical energy, and for the purposes of applying the provisions of the principal Act to the Special Order electrical energy shall be deemed to be an agency within the meaning of electricity as defined in the Electric Lighting Act, 1882:

The expression " power " means electrical power or the rate per unit of time at which energy is supplied:

The expression "main" means any electric line which may be laid down by the Undertakers in any street or public place, and through which energy may be supplied or intended to be supplied by the Undertakers for the purposes of general supply:

The expression " service line " means any electric line through which energy may be supplied or intended to be supplied by the Undertakers to a consumer either from any main or directly from the premises of the Undertakers:

The expression "distributing main" means the portion of any main which is used for the purpose of giving origin to service lines for the purposes of general supply:

The expression " general supply " means the general supply of energy to ordinary consumers, and includes, unless otherwise specially agreed with the local authority, the general supply of energy to the public lamps, where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, but shall not include the supply of energy to any one or more particular consumers under special agreement:

The expression " area of supply " means the area within which the Undertakers are, for the time being, authorised to supply energy under: the. Special Order:

The expression "county council" means the county council of the county in which the area of supply is situated: .

The expression V consumer " means any body or person supplied or entitled to be supplied with energy by the Undertakers:

The expression " consumer's terminals " means the ends of the electric lines situate upon any consumer's premises and belonging to him, at which the supply of energy is delivered from the service lines:

The expression " telegraphic line," when used with respect to any telegraphic line of the. Postmaster-General, has the same meaning as 41 & 42 Vict. in the Telegraph Act, 1878, and any such telegraphic line shall be

I 1$ deemed-to be injuriously affected where telegraphic communication by

means of that line-is, whether through induction or otherwise, in any manner affected t

The expression ".railway" .includes any tramroad, that is tof say, any tramway other than a tramway as herein-aften defined:

The expressiontramway " means any tramway laid along any street: The expression " daily penalty " means a penalty for each day on which any offence is continued after conviction therefor:

The expression " Board of Trade regulations " means any regulations or conditions affecting the-undertaking made by the Board of Trade under the principal Act or the Special Order, for securing the safety of the public or for insuring a proper and sufficient supply of energy: The expression." deposited map" means the map of the area of supply deposited at the Board of Trade by the..Undertakers together with the' Special Order, and sigued by an assistant secretary to the Board of Trade:

The expression " plan " means a plan drawn to a horizontal scale of at least one inch to eighty-eight feet,- and where possible a section drawn to the same horizontal scale as the plan and to a vertical scale of at least one inch to eleven feet, or to such other scale as the jBoard of Trade may approve of for both plan and section, together with. such detail plan and sections as may be necessary.

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clausis) Act, 1899. Ch. 19

49

Provisions as to Undertakers.

2. — (1.) The Undertakers shall be the authority, company, or other Description of

person named for that purpose in the Special Order. Undertakers.

(2.) If, in a case where the Undertakers are not the local authority, the undertaking or any part thereof is at any time purchased by the local authority in accordance with the Special Order or the principal Act the local authority shall from the date on which the purchase takes effect be the Undertakers in relation to the undertaking or part thereof for the purposes of the Special Order in lieu of the persons mentioned therein as Undertakers.

3. — (1.) The Undertakers shall not purchase or acquire the undertaking Undertaker*

of or associate themselves with any company or person supplying energy not to purchase under any licence, Provisional Order, or Special Act, unless the Undertakers "n<*er" are authorised by Parliament to do so. ° '

(2.) If in contravention of this section the Undertakers purchase or acquire any such undertaking, or associate themselves with any such other company or person, the Board of Trade may, if they think fit, revoke the Special Order upon such terms as they think just.

Area of Supply.

4. — (1.) The area of supply shall be the area named for that purpose in Area of supply

the Special Order. and prohibition

(2.) The Undertakers shall not at any time after the commencement of supply the Special Order supply energy or (except for the purposes of that Order) e^on a erect or lay down any electric fines or works beyond the area of supply otherwise than under the authority of Parliament, or under a licence granted by the Board of Trade under the principal Act.

(3.) If the Undertakers supply energy or erect or lay down electric lines or works in contravention of this section, the Board of Trade may, if they think fit, revoke the Special Order on such terms as they think just.

Security and Accounts.

5. The following provisions shall apply as to giving security in cases Security for

where the Undertakers are not a' local authority : — execution of

(1.) The Undertakers within a period of six months after the commence- works‘ ment of the Special Order, and before exercising any of the powers conferred by that Order on them in relation to the execution of works, shall show to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade that they are in a position fully and efficiently to discharge the duties and obligations imposed upon them by that Order throughout the area of supply.

(2.) The Undertakers shall also, within six months after the commencement of the Special Order, or within such extended period as may be approved by the Board of Trade, and before exercising any of the powers conferred on them in relation to the execution of works, deposit or secure to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade such sum as may be fixed by the Special Order, or, if not so fixed, by the Board of Trade.

(3.) If the Undertakers fail to show to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade within any such period as aforesaid that they are in such a position as above mentioned, or fail to deposit or secure such sum as aforesaid, the Board of Trade may, after considering any representations which the local authority may make, revoke the Special Order as to the whole or, with the consent of the Undertakers, any part of the area of supply, upon such terms as they think just.

D

50

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899 62 & 63 Vict*

Audit of

Undertakers'

accounts.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 56.

Application of money received by local authority as Undertakers.

(4.) The said sum deposited or secured by the Undertakers under the provisions of this section shall be repaid or released to them in equal moieties, when and so soon as it may be certified by an inspector (to be appointed by the Board of Trade) that amounts equai to the sums so to be repaid or released have been expended by the Undertakers upon works executed for the purposes of the undertaking, or that distributing mains have been duly laid down in accordance with the provisions of the Special Order in every street or part of a street in which they are required by that Order to lay down distributing mains within a limited time, or at such earlier dates and by such instalments as may be approved by the Board of Trade.

(5.) Where the area of supply includes the districts or parts of the districts of two or more local authorities, the Board of Trade may require the deposit to be made or the security given in respect of those districts severally, and in that case the deposit or security shall be repaid or released separately as to each district.

6. The following provisions shall apply as to the audit of accounts where the Undertakers are not a local authority: —

(1.) The annual statement of accounts of the undertaking, before being published as provided by section nine of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, shall be examined and audited by such competent and impartial person as the Board of Trade appoint, and the remuneration of the auditor shall be such as the Board of Trade direct, and that remuneration and all expenses incurred by him in or about the execution of his duties, to such an amount as the Board of Trade approve, shall be paid by the Undertakers on demand, and shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

(2.) The Undertakers shall give to the auditor, his clerks and assistants, access to such of the books and documents relating to the undertaking as are necessary for the purposes of the audit, and shall when required furnish to him and them all vouchers and information requisite for that purpose, and shall afford to him and them all facilities for the proper execution of his and their duty.

(3.) The Board of Trade may make and vary regulations prescribing the times at and the mode in which the audit shall be made and conducted, or otherwise for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this section.

(4.) Anv report made by the auditor, or such portion thereof as the Board* of Trade direct, shall be appended to the annual statement of accounts, and shall form part thereof for the purposes of the said section nine.

Application of Money and Purchase of Land, fyc. by Local Authority.

7. Where a local authority are the Undertakers the following provisions shall have effect: —

(1.) All moneys received by the Undertakers in respect of the undertaking, except (a) borrowed money, (b) money arising from the disposal of lands acquired for the purposes of the Special Order, and (c) other capital money received by them in respect of the undertaking, shall be applied by them as follows: —

(a.) In payment of the working and establishment expenses and cost of maintenance of the undertaking, including all costs, expenses, penalties, and damages incurred or payable by the Undertakers consequent upon any proceedings by or against the Undertakers, their officers or servants, in relation to the undertaking ;

(b.) In payment of the interest or dividend on any mortgages, stock, or other securities granted and issued by the Undertakers in respect of money borrowed for electricity purposes;

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

51

(c.) In providing any instalments or sinking fund required to be provided in respect of moneys borrowed for electricity purposes;

(d.) In payment of all other their expenses of executing the Special Order not being expenses properly chargeable to capital;

(e.) In providing a reserve fund, if they think fit, by setting aside such money as they think reasonable, and investing the money and the resulting income thereof in Government securities, or in any other securities in which trustees are by law for the time being authorised to invest other than stock or securities of the Undertakers, and accumulating it at compound interest until the fund so formed amounts to one-fenth of the aggregate capital expenditure on the undertaking.

The reserve fund shall be applicable to answer any deficiency at any time happening in the income of the Undertakers from the undertaking, or to meet any extraordinary claim or demand at any time arising against the Undertakers in respect of the undertaking, and so that if that fund is at any time reduced it may thereafter be again restored to the prescribed limit, and so on as often as the reduction happens.

The Undertakers shall carry the net surplus remaining in any year and the annual proceeds of the reserve fund when amounting to the prescribed limit, to the credit of the local rate as defined by the principal Act or at their option shall apply that surplus, or any part thereof, to the improvement of the district for which they are the local authority, or in reduction of the capital moneys borrowed for electricity purposes.

Provided always that if the surplus in any year exceed five pounds per centum per annum upon the aggregate capital expenditure on the undertaking, the Undertakers shall make such a rateable reduction in the charge for the supply of energy as in their judgment will reduce the surplus to that maximum rate of profit.

Any deficiency of income in any year when not answered out of the reserve fund shall be charged upon and payable out of the local rate.

(2.) All moneys arising from the disposal of lands acquired by the Undertakers for the purposes of the Special Order, and all other capital moneys received by them in respect of the undertaking, shall be applied by them as follows : —

(a.) In the reduction of the capital moneys borrowed by them for electricity purposes;

(6.) In the reduction of the capital moneys borrowed by them for other than electricity purposes.

8. Where a local authority are the Undertakers the following provisions Purchase and shall have effect: — use of lands

(1.) Subject to the provisions of the Special Order and the principal amhorit Act the Undertakers may acquire by purchase or on lease and use any lands for the purposes of the Special Order, and may also for those purposes use any other lands for the time being vested in or leased by them, but subject as to the last-mentioned lands to the approval of the Local Government Board, and may dispose of any lands acquired by them under the provisions of this section which may not for the time being be required for the purposes of the Special Order: Provided that the amount of land so used by them shall not at any one time exceed in the whole five acres except with the consent of the Board of Trade.

(2.) The Undertakers shall not purchase or acquire for the purposes of the Special Order ten or more houses which on the fifteenth day of December last before the commencement of the Special Order, or in the case of the transfer of an undertaking to a local authority before the date of the transfer, were occupied either wholly or partially by

52

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Incorporation

of

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. s. 265.

Systems and mode of supply.

'Additional provisions as to works.

Powers for execution of works.

persons belonging to the labouring class as tenants or lodgers, or except with the consent of the Local Government Board, ten or more houses which were not so occupied on the said fifteenth day of December but have been or shall be subsequently so occupied.

(3.) For the purposes of this section the expression " labouring class f means mechanics, artisans, labourers, and others working for wages, hawkers, costermongers, persons not working for wages, but working at some trade or handicraft without employing others except members of their own family, and persons other than domestic servants whose income does not exceed an average of thirty shillings a week, and the families of any of those persons who may be residing with them.

9. Where a local authority are the Undertakers section two hundred and sixty-five of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall be incorporated with the Special Order, and in the construction of that section " this Act " shall not mean the Public Health Act, 1875, but shall mean the principal Act and the Special Order, and the " local authority " shall mean the local authority as such Undertakers.

Nature and Mode of Supply.

10. Subject to the provisions of the Special Order and the principal Act, the Undertakers may supply energy within the area of supply for all public and private purposes as defined by the said Act, provided as follows: —

(a.) The energy shall be supplied only by means of some system approved in writing by the Board of Trade, and subject to the Board of Trade regulations; and

(6.) The Undertakers shall not, without the express consent of the Board of Trade, and, where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers of the local authority also, place any electric line above ground exc&pt within premises in the sole occupation or control of the Undertakers, and except so much of any service line as is necessarily so placed for the purpose of supply; and (c.) The Undertakers shall not permit any part of any circuit to be connected with earth except so far as may be necessary for carrying out the provisions of the Board of Trade regulations, unless the connexion is for the time being approved by the Board of Trade, with the concurrence of the Postmaster-General, and is made in accordance with the conditions, if any, of that approval.

Works.

11. The provisions of the Special Order as to works shall be in addition but subject to those of the principal Act, and in particular those of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to breaking up streets, incorporated in the principal Act and set out in the Appendix to this schedule.

12. — (1.) Subject to the provisions of the principal Act and the Special Order, the Undertakers may exercise all or any of the powers conferred on them by that Act and Order, and may break up such streets not repairable by the local authority and such railways and tramways (if any) as they are specially authorised to break up by the Special Order, so far as those streets, railways, and tramways may for the time being be included in the area of supply, and be, or be upon, land dedicated to public use: Provided, however, as respects any such railway, that the powers hereby granted shall extend only to such parts thereof as pass across or along any highway on the level.

(2.) Nothing in the Special Order shall authorise or empower tho U ndertakers to break up or interfere with any street or part of a street not

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 18d9.

Ch. 19.

53

repairable by the local authority or any railway or tramway, except such streets, railways or tramways (if any), or such parts thereof, as they are specially authorised to break up by the Special Order, without the consent of the authority, company, or person, by whom that street, railway, or tramway is repairable, or of the Board of Trade under section thirteen of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, aud where the Board of Trade give that consent, the provisions of the Special Order shall apply to the street, railway, or tramway to which the consent relates as if the Undertakers had been specially authorised to break it up by that Order.

13. — (1.) Subject to the provisions of the principal Act, and the Special Order, and the Board of Trade regulations, the Undertakers may construct in any street such boxes as may be necessary for purposes in connexion with the supply of energy, including apparatus for the proper ventilation of the boxes: Provided that, where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, no such box or apparatus shall be placed above ground, except with the consent of the authority, body, or person, by whom the street is repairable.

(2.) Every such box shall be for the exclusive use of the Undertakers and under their sole control, except so far as the Board of Trade otherwise order, and shall be used by the Undertakers only for the purpose of leading oft service lines and other distributing conductors, or for examining, testing, regulating, measuring, directing, or controlling, the supply of energy, or for examining or testing the condition of the mains or other portions of the works, or for other like purposes connected with the undertaking, and the Undertakers may place therein meters, switches, and any other suitable and proper apparatus, for any of the above purposes.

(3.) Every such box, including the upper surface or covering thereof, shall be constructed of such materials, and shall be constructed and maintained by the Undertakers in such manner, as not to be a source of danger, whether by reason of inequality of surface or otherwise.

(4.) Where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, they may, with the approval of the Board of Trade, prescribe the hours during which the Undertakers are to have access to the boxes, and if the Undertakers during any hours not so prescribed remove or displace or keep removed or displaced the upper surface or covering of any box without the consent of the local authority, they shall be liable for each offence to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding five pounds: Provided that the Undertakers shall not be subject to any such penalties as aforesaid if the court are of opinion that the case was one of emergency, and that the Undertakers complied with the requirements of this section so far as was reasonable under the circumstances.

14. — (1.) Where the exercise of any of the powers of the Undertakers in relation to the execution of any works (including the construction of boxes) will involve the placing of any works iu, under, along or across any street or public bridge, the following provisions shall have effect: — I

(a.) One month before commencing the execution of the works (not being repairs, renewals, or amendments of existing works of which the character and position are not altered), the Undertakers shall serve a notice upon the Postmaster-General and the local authority describing the proposed works, together with a plan of the works showing the mode and position in which the works are intended to be executed, and the manner in which it is intended that the street or bridge, or any sewer, drain, or tunnel, therein or thereunder, is to be interfered with, and shall, upon being required to do so by the Postmaster-General or the local authority, give him or them any such further information in relation thereto as he or they desire.

No pari of the month of August shall be included in calculating the above-mentioned period of one month.

Street boxes.

Notice of works, with plan, to be served on Postmaster-General and local authority.

54

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

As to streets not repairable by local authority,

(b.) The Postmaster-General or the local authority may, in his or their discretion, approve any such works or plan, subject to such amendments or conditions as may seem fit, or may disapprove them, and may give notice of that approval or disapproval to the Undertakers.

(c.) Where the Postmaster-General or the local authority approve any such works or plan, subject to any amendments or conditions with which the Undertakers are dissatisfied, or disapprove any such works or plan, the Undertakers may appeal to the Board of Trade, and the Board of Trade may inquire into the matter, and allow or disallow the appeal, and may approve any such works or plan, subject to such amendments or conditions as seem fit, or may disapprove them.

(d.) If the Postmaster-General or the local authority fail to give any such notice of approval or disapproval to the Undertakers within one month after the service of the notice upon them, he or they shall be deemed to have approved the works and plan.

(e.) Notwithstanding anything in the Special Order or the principal Act, the Undertakers shall not be entitled to execute any such works as above specified, except so far as they may be of a description and in accordance with a plan which has been approved, or is to be deemed to have been approved, by the Postmaster-General and the local authority, or by the Board of Trade, as above mentioned; but where any such works, description, and plan are so approved, or to be deemed to be approved, the Undertakers may cause those works to be executed in accordance with the description and plan, subject in all respects to the provisions of the Special Order and the principal Act. (/.) If the Undertakers make default in complying with any of the requirements or restrictions of this section, they shall (in addition to any other compensation which they may be liable to make under the provisions of the Special Order or the principal Act) make full compensation to the Postmaster-General and the local authority for any loss or damage which he or they may incur by reason thereof, and in addition thereto they shall be liable for each default to a penalty not exceedirg ten pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding five pounds: Provided that the Undertakers shall not be subject to any such penalty as aforesaid if the court are of opinion that the case was one of emergency, and that the U ndertakers complied with the requirements of this section so far as was reasonable under the circumstances.

(2.) In the application of this section to a street or public bridge (not within a county borough) which is repairable by the county council, a reference to the county council shall be substituted for a reference to the local authority.

(3-.) In the application of this section within any area where the Undertakers are the local authority, the reference to the local authority and to sewers, drains, or tunnels in or under streets or bridges shall not apply, except so far as a reference to the county council is substituted for a reference to the local authority.

(4.) Nothing in this section shall exempt the Undertakers from any penalty or obligation to which they may be liable under the Special Order or otherwise by law in the event of any telegraphic line of the Postmaster-General being at any time injuriously affected by the Undertakers' works or their supply of energy.

15. Where the exercise of the powers of the Undertakers in relation to the execution of any works will involve the placing of any works in, under, along, or across any street or part of a street not repairable by the local

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

55

authority, including, where the area of supply is not wholly in a county railways, borough, the county council, or over or under any railway, tramway, or tramways, canal, the following provisions shall have effect unless otherwise agreed and canals-between the parties interested: —

(a.) One month before commencing the execution of the works (not being repairs, renewals, or amendments of existing works of which the character and position are not altered) the Undertakers shall, in addition to any other notices which they may be required to give under the Special Order, or the principal Act, serve a notice upon the body or person liable to repair the street or part of a street, or the body or person for the time being entitled to work the railway or tramway, or the owners of the canal (as the case may be), in this section referred to as the " owners," describing the proposed works, together with a plan of the works showing the mode and position in which the works are intended to he executed and placed, and shall, upon being required to do so by any such owners, give them any such further information in relation thereto as they desire.

(b.) Every such notice shall contain a reference to this section, and direct the attention of the owners to whom it is given to the provisions thereof.

(c.) Within three weeks after the service of any such notice and plan upon any owners, those owners may, if they think fit, serve a requisition upon the Undertakers requiring that any question in relation to the works, or to compensation in respect thereof, and any other question arising upon the notice or plan, shall be settled by arbitration; and thereupon that question, unless settled by agreement, shall be determined by arbitration accordingly,

(d.) In settling any question under this section an arbitrator shall have regard to any duties or obligations which the owners may be under in respect of the street, railway, tramway, or canal, and may, if he thinks fit, require the Undertakers to execute any temporary or other works so as to avoid any interference with any traffic, so far as may be possible.

(e.) Where no such requisition as in this section mentioned is served upon the Undertakers, or where after any such requisition has been served upon them any question required to be settled by arbitration has been so settled, the Undertakers may, upon paying or securing any compensation which they may be required to pay or secure, cause to be executed the works specified in such notice and plan as aforesaid, and may repair, renew, and amend them (provided that their character and position are not altered), but subject in all respects to the provisions of the Special Order and the principal Act, and only in accordance with the notice and plan so served by them as aforesaid, or such modifications thereof respectively as may have been determined by arbitration as herein-before mentioned, or as may be agreed upon between the parties.

(/.) All works to be executed by the Undertakers under this section r shall be carried out to the reasonable satisfaction of the owners, and

those owners shall have the right to be present during the execution of the works.

(y ) Where the repair, renewal, or amendment of any existing works, of which the character or position is not altered, will involve any interference with any railway or with any tramway over or under which those works have been placed, the Undertakers shall, unless it is otherwise agreed between the parties, or in cases ‘of emergency, give to the owners not less than twenty-four hours' notice before commencing to effect the repair, renewal, or amendment, and the owners shall be entitled by their officer to superintend the works, and the Undertakers

56 V

Street

authority, &c. may give notice of desire to break up streets, &c. on behalf of Undertakers.

Cu. 19. Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict*

shall conform to such reasonable requirements as may be made by the owners or that officer. The notice shall be in addition to any other notices which the Undertakers may be required to give under the Special Order or the principal Act.

(A.) If the Undertakers make default in complying with any of the requirements or restrictions of this section they shall (in addition to any other compensation which they may be liable to make under the provisions of the Special Order or the principal Act) make full compensation to the owners affected thereby for any loss or damage which they may incur by reason thereof, and in addition thereto they shall be liable for each default to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds and to a daily penalty not exceeding five pounds: Provided that the Undertakers shall not be subject to any such penalty as aforesaid if the court are of opinion that the case was one of emergency, and that the Undertakers complied with the requirements of this section so far as was reasonable under the circumstances.

16. Any body or person for the time being liable to repair any street or part of a street, or entitled to work any railway or tramway which the Undertakers are empowered to break up for the purposes of the Special Order, may, if they think fit, serve a notice upon the Undertakers stating that they desire to exercise or discharge all or any part of any of the powers or duties of the Undertakers as therein specified in relation to the breaking up, filling in, re-instating, or making good any streets, bridges, sewers, drains, tunnels, or other works vested in or under the control or management of that body or person, and may amend or revoke any such notice by another notice similarly served.

Where any such body or person (in this section referred to as the | givers of the notice") have given notice that they desire to exercise or discharge any such specified powers and duties of the Undertakers, then so long as that notice remains in force the following provisions shall have effect, unless it is otherwise agreed between the parties interested : —

(a.) The Undertakers shall not be entitled to proceed themselves to exercise or discharge any such specified powers or duties as aforesaid, except where they have required the givers of the notice to exercise or discharge those powers or duties, and the givers of the notice have refused or neglected to comply with that requisition, as herein-after provided, or in cases of emergency.

(b.) In addition to any other notices which they are required to give under the provisions of the Special Order or the principal Act, the Undertakers shall, not more than four days and not less than two days before the exercise or discharge of any such powers or duties so specified as aforesaid is required to be commenced, serve a requisition upon the givers of the notice stating the time when that exercise or discharge is required to be commenced, and the manner in which any such powers or duties are required to be exercised or discharged.

(c.) Upon receipt of any such requisition as last aforesaid, the givers of the notice may proceed to exercise or discharge any such powers or duties as required by the Undertakers, subject to the like restrictions and conditions, so far as they are applicable, as the Undertakers would themselves be subject to in that exercise or discharge.

(cl.) If the givers of the notice decline or, for twenty-four hours after the time when any such exercise or discharge of any powers or duties is by any requisition required to be commenced, neglect to comply with the requisition, the Undettakers may themselves proceed to exercise or discharge the powers or duties therein specified in like manner as they might have done if such notice as aforesaid had not been given to them by the givers of the notice.

] 809.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

57

(e.) In any case of emergency the Undertakers may themselves proceed at once to exercise or discharge so much of any such specified powers or duties as aforesaid as may be necessary for the actual remedying of any defect from which the emergency arises without serving any requisition on the givers of the notice; but in that case the Undertakers shall, within twelve hours after they begin to exercise or discharge such powers or duties as aforesaid, give information thereof in writing to the givers of the notice.

(/.) If the Undertakers exercise or discharge any such specified powers or duties as aforesaid otherwise than in accordance with the provisions of this section, they shall be liable for each offence to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding five pounds: Provided that the Undertakers shall not be subject to any such penalties as aforesaid if the court are of opinion that the case was one of emergency, and that the Undertakers complied with the requirements of this section so far as was reasonable under the circumstances.

(g.) All expenses properly incurred by the givers of the notice in complying with any requisition of the Undertakers under this section shall be repaid to them by the Undertakers, and may be recovered summarily.

(A.) The givers of the notice may, if they think fit, require the Undertakers where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, to give them such security for the repayment to them of any expenses incurred or to be incurred by them under this section as may be determined in manner provided by this schedule.

If the Undertakers fail to give any such security within seven days after being required to do so, or in case of difference after the difference has been determined by a court of summary jurisdiction, they shall not be entitled to serve any further requisition upon the givers of the notice requiring them to exercise or discharge any powers or duties under this section until the security has been duly given.

Provided that nothing in this section shall in any way affect the rights of the Undertakers to exercise or discharge any powers or duties conferred or imposed upon them by the Special Order or the principal Act in relation to the execution of any works beyond the actual breaking up, filling in, reinstating or making good any such street or part of a street, or any such bridges, sewers, drains, tunnels, or other works, or railway or tramway as in this section mentioned.

17. The Undertakers may alter the position of any pipes (except, in a As to altera-case where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, any tion of pipes pipe forming part of any sewer of the local authority), or any. wires being wires, &c. under any street or place authorised to be broken up by them, which may under streets‘ interfere with the exercise of their powers under the principal Act or the Special Order; and any body or person may in like manner alter the position of any electric lines or works of the Undertakers, being under any such street or place as aforesaid, which may interfere with the lawful exercise of any powers vested in that, body or person in relation to that street or place, subject to the following provisions, unless it is otherwise agreed between the parties interested: —

(a.) One month before commencing any such alterations the Undertakers, or the body or person (as the case may be), in this section referred to as the " operators," shall serve a notice upon the body or person for the time being entitled to the pipes, wires, electric lines, or works (as the case may be), in this section referred to as the " owners," describing the proposed alterations, together with a plan showing the manner in which it is intended that the alterations shall

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

be made, and shall, upon being required to do so by any such owners, give them any such further information in relation thereto as they may desire.

(b.) Within three weeks after the service of any such notice and plan upon any owners those owners may, if they think fit, serve a requisition upon the operators requiring that any question in relation to the works or to compensation in respect thereof or any other question arising upon such notice or plan as aforesaid shall be settled by arbitration; and thereupon that question, unless settled by agreement, shall be determined by arbitration accordingly.

; (c.) In settling any question under this section an arbitrator shall have regard to any duties or obligations which the owners may be under in respect of the pipes, wires, electric lines, or works, and may, if he thinks fit, require the operators to execute any temporary or other works, so as to avoid interference with any purpose for which the pipes, wires, electric lines, or works are used so far as possible.

(d.) Where no such requisition as in this section mentioned is served upon the operators, the owners shall be held to have agreed to the notice or plan served on them as aforesaid, and in that case, or where, after any such requisition has been served upon them, any question required to be settled by arbitration has been so settled, the operators, upon paying or securing any compensation which they may be required to pay or secure, may cause the alterations specified in such notice and plan as aforesaid to be made, but subject in all respects to the provisions of the principal Act and the Special Order, and only in accordance with the notice and plan so served by them as aforesaid, or such modifications thereof respectively as may have been determined by arbitration as herein-before mentioned or as may be agreed upon between the parties.

(e.) At any time before any operators are entitled to commence any such alterations as aforesaid, the owners may serve a statement upon the operators stating that they desire to execute the alterations themselves, and where any such statement has been served upon the operators, they shall not be entitled to proceed themselves to execute the alterations, except where they have notified to the owners that they require them to execute the alterations, and. the owners have refused or neglected to comply with the notification as herein-after provided.

(J.) Where any such statement as last aforesaid has been served upon the operators, they shall,- not more than forty-eight hours and not less than twenty-four hours before the execution of the alterations is required to be commenced, serve a notification upon the owners stating the time when the alterations are required to be commenced, and the manner in which the alterations are required to be made.

(g.) Upon receipt of any such notification as last aforesaid, the owners may proceed to execute the alterations as required by the operators, subject to the like restrictions and conditions, so far as they are applicable, as the operators would themselves be subject to in executing the alterations.

(h.) If the owners decline or, for twenty-four hours after the time when any such alterations are required to be commenced, neglect to comply with the notification, the operators may themselves proceed to execute the alterations in like manner as they might have done if no such statement as aforesaid had been served upon them.

(i.) All expenses properly incurred by any owners in complying with any notification of any operators under this section shall be repaid to them by the operators, and may be recovered summarily.

1899.

Elect Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Cii. 19.

59

(j.) Any owners may, if they think fit, by any statement served by them under this section upon any operators, not being a local authority, require the operators to give them such security for the repayment to them of any expenses to be incurred by them in executing any alterations as above mentioned as may be determined in manner provided by the Special Order, and where any operators have been so required to give security, they shall not be entitled to serve a notification upon the owners requiring them to execute the alterations until the security has been duly given.

(A.) If the operators make default in complying with any of the requirements or restrictions of this section they shall (in addition to any other compensation which they may be liable to make under the provisions of the Special Order or the principal Act) make full compensation to the owners affected thereby for any loss, damage, or penalty which they may incur by reason thereof, and in addition thereto they shall be liable for each default to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding five pounds : Provided that the operators shall not be subject to any such penalty as aforesaid if the court are of opinion that the case was one of emergency, and that the operators complied with the requirements of this section so far as was reasonable under the circumstances.

18. — (1.) Where the Undertakers require to dig or sink any trench for laying down or constructing any new electric lines (other than service lines) or other works near to which any sewer, drain, watercourse, defence, or work under the jurisdiction or control of the local authority, or any main, pipe, syphon, electric line, or other work belonging to any gas, electric supply, or water company has been lawfully placed, or where any gas or water company require to dig or sink any trench for laying down or constructing any new mains or pipes (other than service pipes) or other works near to which any lines or works of the Undertakers have been lawfully placed, the Undertakers or the gas or water company (as the case may be), in this section referred to as the " operators," shall, unless it. is otherwise agreed between the parties interested, or in case of sudden emergency, give to the local authority, or to the gas, electric supply, or water company, or to the Undertakers (as the case may be), in this section referred to as the " owners," not less than three days' notice before commencing to dig or sink such trench as aforesaid, and those owners shall be entitled by their officer to superintend the work, and the operators shall conform with such reasonable requirements as may be made by the owners or the officer for protecting from injury every such sewer, drain, watercourse, defence, main, pipe, syphon, electric line, or work, and for securing access thereto, and they shall also, if required by the owners thereof, repair any damage that may be done thereto.

(2.) Where the operators find it necessary to undermine but not alter the position of any pipe, electric line, or work, they shall temporarily support it in position during the execution of their works, and before completion provide a suitable and proper foundation for it where so undermined.

(3.) Where the operators (being the Undertakers) lay any electric line, crossing or liable to touch any mains, pipes, lines, or services belonging to any gas, electric supply, or water company, the conducting portion of the electric line shall be effectively insulated in a manner approved by the Board of Trade; and the Undertakers shall not, except with the consent of the gas, electric supply, or water company, as the case may be, and of the Board of Trade, lay their electric lines so as to come into contact with any such mains, pipes, lines, or services, or, except with the like consent, employ any such mains, pipes, lines, or services as conductors for the purposes of their supply of energy.

Laying of electric lines, &c. near sewers, &c. or gas or water pipes, or other electric lines.

60

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

(4.) Any question or difference which may arise under this section shall be determined by arbitration.

(5.) If the operators make default in complying with any of the requirements of this section they shall make full compensation to all owners affected thereby for any loss, damage, penalty, or costs which they may incur by reason thereof; and in addition thereto they shall be liable for each default to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding five pounds: Provided that the operators shall not be subject to any such penalty if the court are of opinion that the case was one of emergency, and that the operators complied with the requirements of this section so far as was reasonable under the circumstances, or that the default in question was due to the fact that the operators were ignorant of the position of the sewer, drain, watercourse, defence, main, pipe, syphon, electric line, or work affected thereby, and that that ignorance was not owing to any negligence on the part of the operators.

(6.) For the purposes of this section the expression " gas company " shall mean any body or person lawfully supplying gas; tho expression " water company" shall mean any body or person lawfully supplying water or waterpower; and the expression u electric supply company" shall mean any body or person supplying energy in pursuance of the principal Act but not in pursuance of the Special Order.

(7.) Where the local authority aro themselves the Undertakers, the references in this section to the local authority, and to sewers, drains, watercourses, defences, or works under the jurisdiction or control of that local authority, shall not apply.

For protection of railway and canal companies.

19. In the exercise of any of the powers of the Special Order relating to the execution of works, the Undertakers shall not in any way injure the railways, tunnels, arches, works, or conveniences belonging to any railway or canal company, nor obstruct or interfere with the working of the traffic passing along any railway or canal.

For protection 20. — (1.) The Undertakers shall take all reasonable precautions in con-

of telegraphic structing, laying down, and placing their electric lines and other works of and telephonic all descriptions, and in working their undertaking so as not injuriously to affect, whether by induction or otherwise, the working of any wire or line used for the purpose of telegraphic, telephonic, or electric signalling communication, or the currents in that wire or line, whether that wire or line be or be not in existence at the time of the laying down or placing of the electric lines or other works.

If any question arises between the Undertakers and the owner of any such wire or line as to whether the Undertakers have constructed, laid down, or placed their electric lines or other works or worked their undertaking in contravention of this sub-section, and as to whether the working of that wire or line or the current therein is or is not injuriously affected thereby, that question shall be determined by arbitration; and the arbitrator (unless he is of opinion that the wire or line, not having been so in existence at such time as aforesaid, has been placed in unreasonable proximity to the electric lines or works of the Undertakers) may direct the Undertakers to make any alterations in, or additions to, their system, so as to comply with the provisions of this section, and the Undertakers shall make those alterations or additions accordingly.

(2.) Seven days before commencing to lay down or place any electric line, or to use any electric line in any manner whereby the work of telegraphic or telephonic or electric signalling communication through any wire or line lawfully laid down or placed in any position may be injuriously affected, the Undertakers shall, unless otherwise agreed between the parties interested, gi\ e to the.owner of the wire or line notice in writing specifying the course, nature, and gauge of the eleclric line, and the manner in which the electric

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clause}) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

61

line is intended to be used, and the amount and nature of the currents intended to be transmitted thereby, and the extent to and manner in which (if at all) earth returns are proposed to be used; and any owner entitled to receive that notice may serve a requisition on the Undertakers requiring them to adopt such precautions as may be therein specified in regard to the laying, placing, or user of the electric line for the purpose of preventing the injurious affection; and the Undertakers shall conform with such reasonable requirements as may be made by the owner for the purpose of preventing the communication through the wire or line from being injuriously affected as aforesaid.

If any difference arises between any such owner and the Undertakers with respect to the reasonableness of any requirements so made, that difference shall be determined by arbitration.

Provided that nothing in this sub-section shall apply to repairs or renewals of any electric line so long as the course, nature, and gauge of the electric line, and the amount and nature of the current transmitted thereby, are not altered.

(3.) If in any case the Undertakers make default in complying with the requirements of this section, they shall make full compensation to every such owner as aforesaid for any loss or damage which he may incur by reason thereof, and in addition thereto they shall be liable for each default to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding forty shillings : Provided that the Undertakers shall not be subject to any such penalty as aforesaid if the court are of opinion that the case was one of emergency and that the Undertakers complied with the requirements of this section so far as was reasonable under the circumstances, or that the default was due to the fact that the Undertakers were ignorant of the position of the wire or line affected thereby, and that that ignorance was not owing to any negligence on the part of the Undertakers.

(4.) Nothing in this section contained shall be held to deprive any owner of any existing rights to proceed against the Undertakers by indictment, action, or otherwise, in relation to any of the matters aforesaid.

Compulsory Works.

21. — (1.) The Undertakers shall, within a period of two years after the Mains, &c. to commencement of the Special Order, lay down suitable and sufficient }>e bad down distributing mains for the purposes of general supply throughout every in stF®e*s. street or part of a street specified in that behalf in the Special Order, and Special Order shall thereafter maintain those mains. ;n re_

(2.) In addition to the mains herein-before specified the Undertakers mainder of shall, at any time after the expiration of eighteen months after the area of supply, commencement of the Special Order, lay down suitable and sufficient distributing mains for the purposes of general supply throughout every other street or part of a street within the area of supply, upon being required to do so in manner provided by the Special Order.

All such mains as last above mentioned (unless already laid down) shall be laid down by the Undertakers within six moiths after any requisition in that behalf served upon them in accordance with the provisions of the Special Order has become binding upon them, or within such further time as may in any case be approved by the Board of Trade.

(3.) When any such requisition is made in respect of any street not repairable by the local authority, which the Undertakers are not specially authorised to break up by the Special Order, the Undertakers shall (unless the authority, or person by whom that street is repairable, consent to the breaking up thereof) forthwith apply to the Board of Trade under section thirteen of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, for the written consent of the Board authorising and empowering the Undertakers to break up that street,

62

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict,

and the requisition shall not be binding upon them if the Board of Trade refuse their consent in that behalf.

As to laying of 22. Where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, the electric lino Undertakers shall, twenty-eight days at the least before commencing to under special jay in street any electric line which is intended for supplying energy agreement. to any particular consumer, and not for the purposes of general supply, serve upon the local authority, and upon the owner or occupier of all premises abutting on so much of the street as lies between the points of origin and termination of the electric line so to be laid, a notice stating that the Undertakers intend to lay the electric line, and setting forth the effect of this section, and if within that period any two or more of those owners or occupiers require in accordance with the provisions of the Special Order that a supply shall be given to their premises, the necessary distributing main shall be laid by the Undertakers at the same time as the electric line intended for the particular consumer.

If Undertakers 23. — (1.) If the Undertakers, not being a local authority, make default

fail to lay down in laying down any distributing mains in accordance with the provisions of mains, &c. the Special Order within the periods prescribed in that behalf respectively, (rder may be shall be liable for each default to a penalty not exceeding five pounds

rsTOkcd * j~ j o l

for each day during which the default continues, and if the Board of Trade are of opinion in any case that the default is wilful and unreasonably prolonged they may, after considering any representations of the local authority, deal with the Special Order in manner provided by this section.

(2.) If the local authority are themselves the Undertakers, and make default in laying down any distributing main in accordance with the provisions of the Special Order, within the periods prescribed in that behalf respectively, the Board of Trade may deal with the Special Order in manner provided by this section.

(3.) Where the Board of Trade are authorised under this section to deal with a Special Order, they may either revoke the Order as to the whole or auy part of the area of supply, or, if the Undertakers so desire, suffer it to ;_main in force as to that area or part thereof, subject to such conditions as they think fit to impose, and any conditions so imposed shall be binding on and observed by the Undertakers, and shall be of the like force and effect in every respect as though they were contained in the Special Order : Provided that the Board of Trade shall not revoke the Special Order as to,part only of the area of supply where the Undertakers make a representation that they desire to be relieved of their liabilities as respects the rest of the area of supply, and in that case the Board of Trade shall not under this section revoke the Special Order otherwise than as to. the whole of the area of supply.

Manner in

24. — (1.) Any requisition requiring the Undertakers to lay down distributing mains for the purposes of general supply throughout any street or part of a street may be made by six or more owners or occupiers of premises along that street or part of a street, or, where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers and have the control and management of the public lamps in that street or part of a street, by the local authority.

(2.) Every such requisition shall be signed by the persons making it, or by the local authority (as the case may be), and shall be served upon the Undertakers.

(3.) Forms of requisition shall be kept by the Undertakers at their office and a copy shall, on application, be supplied free of charge to any owner or occupier of premises within the area of supply and, where necessary, to the local authority, and any requisition so supplied shall be deemed valid in point of form.

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

63

25. — (1.) Where any such requisition is made by any such owners or ProvisionsT,on. occupiers as aforesaid, the Undertakers (if they think fit) may, within requisition'by fourteen days after the service of the requisition upon them, serve a notice owr,er.s 01

on all the persons by whom the requisition is signed, slating that they 0CCUPieis‘ —

decline to be bound by the requisition unless those persons or some of

them will bind themselves to take, or will guarantee that there shall be

taken, a supply of energy for a period of three years at the least, of such

amount in the aggregate (to be specified by the Undertakers in the notice)

as will, at the rates of charge fur the time being charged by the

Undertakers for a supply of energy from distributing mains to ordinary

consumers within the area of supply, produce annually such reasonable

sum as is specified by the Undertakers in the notice: Provided that in the

notice the Undertakers shall not, without the authority of the Board of

Trade, specify any sum exceeding twenty per centum upon the expense of

providing and laying down the required distributing mains and any other

mains or additions to existing mains which may be necessary for the

purpose of connecting those distributing mains with the nearest available

source of supply.

(2.) Where such a notice is served the requisition shall not be binding on the Undertakers unless within fourteen days after the service of the notice on all the persons signing the requisition has been effected, or in case of difference within fourteen days after the delivery of the arbitrator's award, there be tendered to the Undertakers an agreement severally executed by those persons or some of them, binding them to take or guaranteeing that there shall be taken a supply of energy for a period of three years at the least of such amount as will in the aggregate at the rates of charge above specified produce an annual sum amounting to the sum specified in the notice or determined by arbitration under this section, nor unless sufficient security for the payment to the Undertakers of all moneys which may become due to them from those persons under the agreement is offered to the Undertakers (if required by them by such notice as aforesaid) within the period limited for the tender of the agreement as aforesaid.

(3.) If the Undertakers consider that the requisition is unreasonable, or that, under the circumstances of the case, the provisions of this section ought to be varied, they may, within fourteen days after the service of the requisition upon them, appeal to the Board of Trade, and that Board, after such inquiry (if any) as they think fit, may, by order, either determine that the requisition is unreasonable, and shall not be binding upon the Undertakers, or may authorise the Undertakers by their notice to require a supply of energy to be taken for such longer period than three years, and to specify such sum or percentage, whether calculated as herein-before provided or otherwise, as is fixed or dii'ected by the order, and the terms of the above-mentioned agreement shall be varied accordingly.

(4.) In case of any appeal to the Board of Trade under this section, any notice by the Undertakers under this section may be served by them within fourteen days after the decision of the Board of Trade.

(5.) If any difference arises between the Undertakers and any persons signing any such requisition as to any such notice or agreement, that difference shall, subject to the provisions of this section and to the decision of the Board of Trade upon any such appeal as aforesaid, be determined by arbitration.

26. Where any such requisition is made by the local authority it shall Provisions on not be binding on the Undertakers, unless at the time when the service is requisition effected, or within fourteen days thereafter, there be tendered to the Undertakers (if required by them) an agreement executed by the local authority, and binding them to take for a period of three years at the least

a supply of energy for lighting such public lamps in the street or part of a

64

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Undertakers to furnish sufficient supply of energy to owners and occupiers within the area of supply.

street in respect of which the requisition is made as may be under their management or control.

Supply.

27. — (1.) The Undertakers shall, upon being required to do so by the owner or occupier of any premises situate within fifty yards from any distributing main of the Undertakers in which they are, for the time being, required to maintain or are maintaining a supply of energy for the purposes of general supply to private consumers under the Special Order or the Board of Trade regulations, give and continue to give a supply of energy for those premises in accordance with the provisions of the Special Order ani of the said regulations, and they shall furnish and lay any electric lines that may be necessary for the purpose of supplying the maximum power with which any such owner or occupier is entitled to be supplied under the Special Order subject to the conditions following; (that is to say,) —

The cost of so much of any electric line for the supply of energy to any owner or occupier as may be laid upon the property of that owner or in the possession of that occupier, and of so much of any such electric lines as it may be necessary to iay for a greater distance than sixty feet from any distributing main of the Undertakers, although not on that property, shall, if the Undertakers so require, be defrayed by that owner or occupier.

(2.) Every owner or occupier of premises requiring a supply of energy shall —

(a.) Serve a notice upon the Undertakers specifying the premises in respect of which the supply is required and the maximum power required to be supplied, and the day (not being an earlier day than a reasonable time after the date of the service of the notice) upon which the supply is required to commence; and (b.) If required by the Undertakers, enter into a written contract with them to continue to receive and pay for a supply of energy for a period of at least two years of such an amount that the payment to be made for the supply, at the rate of charge for the time being charged by the Undertakers for a supply of energy to ordinary consumers within the area of supply, shall not be less than twenty per centum per annum on the outlay incurred by the Undertakers iu providing any electric lines required under this section to be provided by them for the purpose of the supply, and if required by the Undertakers give to them security for the payment to them of all moneys which may become due to them by the owner or occupier in respect of any electric lines to be furnished by the Undertakers, and in respect of energy to be supplied by them.

(3.1 Provided always, that the Undertakers may, after they have given a supply of energy in respect of any premises, by notice in writing, require the owner or occupier of those premises, with n seven days after the date of the service of the notice, to give to them security for the payment of all moneys which may become due to them in respect of the supply, in case the owner or occupier has not already given that security, or in case any security given has become invalid or is insufficient; and in case any such owner or occupier fail to comply with the terms of the notice, the Undertakers may, if they think fit, discontinue to supply energy for the premises so long as the failure continues.

(4.) Provided also, that if the owner or occupier of any such premises as aforesaid uses any form of lamp or burner, or uses the energy supplied to him by the Undertakers for any purposes, or deals with it in any manner so as to interfere unduly or improperly with the efficient supply of energy

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

65

1899.

to any other body or person by the Undertakers, the Undertakers may, if they think fit, discontinue to supply energy to those premises so long as the lamp or burner is so used, or the energy is so used or dealt with.

(5.) Provided also, that the Undertakers shall not be compelled to give a supply of energy to any premises unless they are reasonably satisfied that the electric lines, fittings, and apparatus therein are in good order and condition, and not calculated to affect injuriously the use of energy by the U ndertakers or by other persons.

(6.) If any difference arises under this section as to any improper use of energy or as to any alleged defect in any electric lines, fittings, or apparatus, that difference shall be determined by arbitration.

28. — (1.) The maximum power with which any consumer shall be Maximum entitled to be supplied shall be of such amount as he may require to be Power-supplied with, not exceeding what may be reasonably anticipated as the maximum consumption on his premises: Provided that where any consumer

has required the Undertakers to supply him with a maximum power of any specified amount, he shall not be entitled to alter that maximum except upon one month's notice to the Undertakers, and any expenses reasonably incurred by the Undertakers in respect of the service lines by which energy is supplied to the premises of that consumer, or any fittings or apparatus of the Undertakers upon those premises, consequent upon the alteration, shall be paid by him to the Undertakers, and may be recovered summarily as a civil debt.

(2.) If any difference arises between any such owner or occupier and the Undertakers as to what may be reasonably anticipated as the consumption on his premises or as to the reasonableness of any expenses under this section, that difference shall be determined by arbitration.

29. Where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, the Supply of Undertakers shall, upon receiving reasonable notice from the local authority energy to requiring them to supply energy to any public lamps within the distance PuWlc lamPs-of seventy-five yards from any distributing main of the Undertakers in

which they are for the time being required to maintain a current of energy for the purposes of general supply under the Special Order, or the Board of Trade regulations, give and continue to give a supply of energy to those lamps in such quantities as the local authority may require to be supplied.

30. — (1.) Whenever the Undertakers make default in supplying energy Penalty for to any owner or occupier of premises to whom they may be and are required failure to to supply energy under the Special Order, they shall be liable in respect of suPPb'-each default to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each day on

which the default occurs.

(2.) Where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, and the Undertakers make default in supplying energy to the public lamps to which they may be and are required to supply energy under the Special Order, the Undertakers shall be liable in respect of each default to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for each lamp, and for each day on which the default occurs.

(3.) Whenever the Undertakers make default in supplying energy in accordance with the terms of the Board of Trade regulations they shall be liable to such penalties as are prescribed by the regulations in that behalf.

(4.) Provided that the penalties to be inflicted on the Undertakers under this section shall in no case exceed in the aggregate in respect of any defaults not being wilful defaults on the part of the Undertakers the sum of fifty pounds for any one day, and provided also that in no case shall any penalty be inflicted in respect of any default if the court are of opinion that the default was caused by inevitable accident or force majeure or was of so

E

OO C/H. 19. Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

slight or unimportant a character as not materially to affect the value of j the supply.

Price.

Methods of 31. — (1.) The Undertakers may charge for energy supplied by them to

charging. any ordinary consumer (otherwise than by agreement) —

(1.) By the actual amount of energy so supplied; or (2.) By the electrical quantity contained in the supply; or (3.) By "such other method as -may for the time being be approved by the Board of Trade.

(2.) Provided that where the Undertakers charge by any method so approved by the Board of Trr.de, any consumer who objects to that method may by one month's notice in writing require the Undertakers to charge him at their option by the actual amount of energy supplied to him, or by the electrical quantity contained in the supply, and thereafter the Undertakers shall not, except with the consumer's consent, charge him by any other method.

(3.) Provided also that, before commencing to supply energy through any distributing main for the purposes of general supply, the Undertakers shall, if the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, give notice to the local authority, and, if the local authority are themselves the Undertakers, by public advertisement, by what method they propose to charge for energy supplied through that main; and, where the Undertakers have given any such notice, they shall not be entitled to change that method of charging except after one month's notice of the change has been given by them, if the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers to the local authority, and in any case to every consumer of energy who is . , supplied by them from the main.

Maximum 32. — (1.) The prices to be charged by the Undertakers for energy

prices. supplied by them shall not exceed those stated in that behalf in the Special

Order or in the case of a method of charge approved by the Board of Trade, such price as the Board of Trade determine cn approving the method.

(2.) Provided that if, in a case where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, either the local authority or the Undertakers, at any time after the expiration of seven years after the commencement of the Special Order, make a representation to the Board of Trade that the prices or methods of charge stated in the Special Order or approved by the Board of Trade ought to be altered, the Board of Trade, after such inquiry as they may think tit, may make an order varying the prices or methods of charge stated in the Special Order or so approved as aforesaid, or substituting other prices or methods- of charge in lieu thereof, and the prices or methods of charge so varied or substituted shall have effect on and after such day as may be mentioned in the order, as if they had been stated in the Special Order: Provided also, that the prices and methods of charge for the time being in force may be altered in like manner at any time after the expiration of any or every period of seven years after they were last altered.

Other charges 33. Subject to the provisions of the Special Order and of the principal by agreement. Act, and to the right of the consumer to require that he shall be charged according to some one or other of the methods above mentioned* the Undertakers may make any agreement with a consumer as to the price to be charged for energy, and the mode in which those charges are to be ascertained, and may charge accordingly.

Price to public 34. Where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, the lumps. price to be charged by the Undertakers and to be paid to them for all

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

67

energy supplied to the public lamps, and the mode in which those charges are to be ascertained, shall he settled by agreement between the local authority and the Undertakers, and, in case of difference, shall be determined by arbitration, regard being had to the circumstances of the case and the distributing or other mains (if any) which may have to be laid for the purpose, and the prices charged to ordinary consumers in the district.

Electric Inspectors.

35. — (1.) The local authority, so long as they are not themselves the Appointment Undertakers, and, while the local authority are themselves the Undertakers, of electric the Board of Trade on the application of any consumer or of the Undertakers, msPectors-may appoint and keep appointed, one or more competent and impartial ,

person or persons to be electric inspectors under the Special Order.

(2.) If, in a case where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, no electric inspector is appointed by the local authority, or the inspection of electric lines and works is imperfectly attended to'by the local authority, or the local authority themselves become the Undertakers for the purposes of the Special Order, the Board of Trade, on the application of any consumer, or of the Undertaker^, may appoint, and'keep appointed, one or more competent and impartial person or persons to be electric inspectors under the Special Order.

36. — (1.) The duties of an electric inspector under the Special Order Duties of

shall be as follows: — ..... electric

(a.) The inspection and testing, periodically and in special cases, of inspectors, 'the* Undertakers' electric lines and works and the supply of; energy given by them ;

(6.) The certifying and examination of meters; and'

(c.) Such other duties in relation to the undertaking as may be required of him under the provisions of the Special: Order or of the Board of Trade regulations.

(2.) The local authority, with the approval of the Board of Trade, or the Board of Trade, if the inspector is appointed by them, may prescribe the manner in which and the times at which any such duties are to be performed by an electric inspector, and also the fees to be taken by him, and those fees shall be accounted for and applied as may be directed by the local authority or the Board of Trade, as the case may be.

37. — (1.) The local authority may pay to any electric inspector appointed Remuneration by them under the Special Order such reasonable remuneration (if any) as of electric they may determine, and that remuneration may be in addition to, or in inspectors, substitution for, any fees directed to be paid to electric inspectors in

respect of their duties under the Special Order or the Board of Trade regulations, according as the local authority determine.

(2,)' Where the local authority are themselves the Undertakers, they shall pay to every electric inspector appointed under the provisions of the Special Order such reasonable remuneration (if any) as may be determined by the Board of Trade, and that remuneration may be in addition to, or in substitution for, any fees which are directed to be paid to electric inspectors for services rendered by them under the Special Order or the Board of Trade regulations, as may be settled by that Board; and where any such remuneration is settled to be in substitution for fees, any fees payable by any party other than the Undertakers shall, in lieu of being paid to the electric inspector for his own use, be due and paid to him on behalf aDd for the use of the Undertakers, and shall be carried by them to the credit of the local rate.

68

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Notice of accidents and inquiries by Board of Trade.

Testing of mains.

Testing of works and supply on consumer's premises.

Undertakers, not being lo authority, to establish testing stations.

38. — (1.) The Undertakers shall send to the Board of Trade notice of any accident by explosion, or fire, and also of any other accident of such, kind as to have caused, or to be likely to have caused, loss of life, or personal injury which has occurred in any part of the Undertakers' works or their circuits, or in connexion with those works or circuits, and also notice of any loss of life or personal injury occasioned by any such accident. The notice shall be sent by the earliest practicable post after the accident occurs, or, as the case may be, after the loss of life or personal injury becomes known to the Undertakers.

If the Undertakers fail to comply with the provisions of this sub-section they shall be liable, for each default, to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2.) The Board of Trade may also, if they deem it necessary, appoint any electric inspector or other fit person to inquire and report as to the cause of any accident affecting the safety of the public, which may have been occasioned by or in connexion with the Undertakers' works, whether notice of the accident has or has not been received from the Undertakers, or as to the manner and extent in and to which the provisions of the Special Order and the principal Act, and of the Board of Trade regulations, so far as those provisions affect the safety of the public, have been-complied with by the Undertakers; and any person appointed under this section, not being an electric inspector, shall for the purposes of his appointment have all the powers of an electric inspector under the Special Order.

Testing and Inspection.

39. On the occasion of the testing of any main of the Undertakers reasonable notice thereof shall be given to the Undertakers by the electric inspector, and the testing shall be carried out at such suitable hours as, in the opinion of the inspector, will lea3t interfere with the supply of energy by the Undertakers, and in such manner as the inspector thinks expedient, but, except under the provisions of an order made in each case in that behalf by the Board of Trade, he shall not be entitled to have access to or interfere with the mains of the Undertakers at any points other than those at which the Undertakers have reserved for themselves access to the said mains: Provided that the Undertakers shall not be held responsible for any interruption in the supply of energy which may be occasioned by or required by the inspector for the purpose of any such testing as aforesaid. Provided also that the testings shall not be made in regard to any particular portion of a main oftener than once in any three months, unless in pursuance of an order made in each case in that behalf by the Board of Trade.

40. An electric inspector, if and when required to do so by any consumer, shall, on payment by the consumer of the prescribed fee, test the variation of electric pressure at the consumer's terminals, or make such other inspection and testing of the service lines, apparatus, and works of the Undertakers upon the consumer's premises as may be necessary for the purpose of determining whether the Undertakers have complied with the provisions of the Special Order and the Board of Trade regulations.

41. — (1.) Where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers* al the Undertakers shall at such places, within a reasonable distance from a distributing main, establish at their own cost and keep in proper condition such reasonable number of testing stations, as the local authority think proper and sufficient for testing the supply of energy by the Undertakers through the main, and shall place thereat proper and suitable instruments of a pattern to be approved by the Board of Trade, and shall connect

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

69

those stations by means of proper and sufficient electric lines with the mains, and supply energy thereto for the purpose of the testing.

(2.) If any dispute arises between the local authority and the Undertakers as to whether the number of the testing stations and the distance from the main at which they are established is reasonable or excessive, or as to any excessive or improper use of energy for the testing, or as to the performance by the Undertakers of their duties under this section, that dispute shall be determined by arbitration.

(3.) Where the local authority are themselves the Undertakers, a court of summary jurisdiction may upon the application of any ten consumers direct the Undertakers, at their own cost, to establish at such places, within a reasonable distance from a distributing main, and keep in proper condition, such reasonable number of testing stations, as the court think proper and sufficient for testing the supply of energy by the Undertakers through the main, and thereupon the Undertakers shall establish such testing places, and provide thereat such proper and suitable instruments of a pattern to be approved by the Board of Trade as the court direct, and they shall connect those stations by means of proper and sufficient electric lines with the mains, and supply energy thereto for the purpose of the testing.

42. The Undertakers shall set up and keep upon all premises from which Undertakers

they supply energy by any distributing mains such suitable and proper to keep mstru-instruments of such pattern and construction as may be approved or eir

prescribed by the Board of Trade, and shall take and record, and keep p recorded, such observations as the Board of Trade may prescribe, and any observations so recorded shall be receivable in evidence.

43. — -(1.) The Undertakers shall keep in efficient working order all Readings of instruments which they are required by or under the Special Order to place, instruments to set up, or keep at any testing station or on their own premises, and any *,e takea* electric inspector appointed under the Special Order may examine and

record the readings of those instruments, and any readings so recorded shall be receivable in evidence.

(2.) Where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, the examinations and readings under this section must be made at such times and in such manner as may be directed by the authority by whom the inspector is appointed.

44. Any electric inspector appointed under the Special Order shall have Electric the right to have access at all reasonable hours to the testing stations and inspector premises of the Undertakers for the purpose of testing the electric lines may test and instruments of the Undertakers, and ascertaining if they are in order,

and in case they are not in order he may require the Undertakers forthwith to have them put in order.

45. The Undertakers may, if they think fit, on each occasion of the Representation .testing of any main or service line, or the testing or inspection of any of Undertakers instruments of the Undertakers by any electric inspector, be represented by at testinSs-some officer or other agent, but that officer or agent shall not interfere with

the testing or inspection.

46. The Undertakers shall afford all facilities for the proper execution of Undertakers the Special Order with respect to inspection and testing and the readings to give and inspection of instruments, and shall comply with all the requirements of facilities for or under the Special Order in that behalf; and in case the Undertakers testinS-make default in complying with any of the provisions of this section they

shall be liable in respect of each default to a penalty not exceeding five . pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding one pound.

47. — (1.) Every electric inspector shall, on the day immediately following Report of that on which any testing has been completed by him under the Special results of Order, make and deliver a report of the results of his testing to the testing.

70

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act. 1899. 62 & 63 Vict-

Expenses of

electric

inspector.

Meters to be nsed except by agreement.

Meter to be certified.

Inspector to certify meter.

Undertakers supply meter: if required to do so.

authority or person by whom he was required to make the testing, and to the Undertakers, and that report shall be receivable in evidence.

(2.) If the Undertakers or any such authority or person are or is dissatisfied with any report of any electric inspector, they or he may appeal to the Board of Trade against the report, and thereupon the Board of Trade shall inquire into and decide upon the matter of the appeal, and their decision shall be final and binding on all parties.

48. — (1.) Save as otherwise provided by the Special Order or by the Board of Trade regulations, all lees and reasonable expenses of an electric inspector shall, unless agreed, be ascertained by a court of summary jurisdiction, or (where the inspector is appointed by them) by the Board of Trade, and shall be paid by the Undertaker's, and if a local authority are the Undertakers may be recovered summarily as a civil debt.

(2.) Provided that where the. report of an electric Inspector, or the decision of the Board of Trade, shows that any consumer was guilty of any default or negligence, the fees and expenses shall, on being ascertained as above mentioned, be paid by the consumer as the court or the Board, by whom the fees are ascertained, having regard to the report or decision, direct, and-may be recovered summarily as a civil debt.

(3.) Provided also, that in any proceedings for penalties under the Special Order the fees and expenses of an electric inspector incurred in connexion with the proceedings shall be payable by the complainant or defendant as the court direct.

Meters.

49. The amount of energy supplied by the Undertakers to any ordinary consumer under the Special Order, or the electrical quantity contained in the supply (according to the method by which the Undertakers elect to charge), herein-after referred to as " the value of the supply," shall, except as otherwise agreed between the consumer and the Undertakers, be ascertained by means of an appropriate meter duly certified under the provisions of the Special Order.

§ I 50. A meter.shall be considered to be duly certified under the provisions of the Special Order if it be certified by an electric inspector appointed under the Special Order to be a correct meter, and to be of some construction and pattern and to have been fixed aud to have been connected with the service lines in some manner approved by the Board of Trade, and every such meter is herein-after referred to as a "certified meter": Provided that where any alteration is made in any certified meter, or where any such meter is unfixed or disconnected from the service lines, that meter shall cease to be a certified meter unless and until it is again certified as a certified meter under the provisions of the Special Order.

51. An electric inspector, on being required to do so by the Undertakers or by any consumer, and on payment of the prescribed fee by the party so requiring him, shall examine any meter intended for ascertaining the valae of the supply, and shall certify it as a certified meter if he considers it entitled to be so certified.

;o 52. Where the value of the supply is under the Special Order required i to be ascertained by means of an appropriate meter, the Undertakers shall, if required by any consumer, supply him with an appropriate meter, and shall, if required, fix it upon the premises of the consumer and connect the service lines therewith and procure the meter to be duly certified under the provisions of the Special Order, and for those purposes may authorise aud empower any officer or person to enter upon the premises at all reasonable times and execute all necessary works and do all necessary acts; provided that previously to supplying any such meter the Undertakers

1899. Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. Ch. 19. 71

may require the consumer to pay to them a reasonable sum in respect of the price of the meter, or to give security therefor, or (if he desires to hire the meter) may require him to enter into an agreement for the hire of the meter as herein-after provided,

53. No consumer shall connect any meter used or to be used under the Meters not to Special Order for ascertaining the value of the supply with any electric line be connected through which energy is supplied by the Undertakers, or disconnect any 01] disconnected such meter from any such electric line, unless he has given to the Under- WIt au* takers not less than forty-eight hours' notice in writing of his intention to do so, and if any person acts in contravention of this section he shall be liable for each offence to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings.

54. — (1.) Every consumer shall at all times at his own expense keep all Consumer to-meters belonging to him, whereby the value of the supply is to be ascertained, keep his meter in proper order for correctly registering that value, and in default of his inProPer

so doing the Undertakers may cease to supply energy through the meter.

(2.) The Undertakers shall have access to and be at liberty to take off, remove, test, inspect, and replace any such meter at all reasonable times:

Provided that all reasonable expenses of and incident to any such taking off, removing, testing, inspecting, and replacing, and the procuring the meter to be again duly certified where the re-certifying is thereby rendered necessary, shall, if the meter is found to be not in proper order, be paid by the consumer, but if it is found to be in proper order all expenses connected therewith shall be paid by the Undertakers.

55. The Undertakers may let for hire any meter for ascertaining the Power to the value of the supply, and any fittings thereto, for such remuneration in Undertakers money and on such terms with respect to the repair of the meter and to et meters-fittings, and for securing the safety and return to the Undertakers of the

meter and fittings, as may be agreed upon between the hirer and the Undertakers, or, in case of difference, determined by the Board of Trade, and that remuneration shall be recoverable by the Undertakers summarily as a civil debt.

56. The Undertakers shall, unless the agreement for hii'e otherwise Undertakers provides, at all times, at their own expense, keep all meters let for hire by to keep meters them to any consumer, whereby the value of the supply is ascertained, in let for hire in proper order for correctly registering that value, and in default of their rePa,r-doing so the consumer shall not be liable to pay rent for the meters during

such time as the default continues. The Undertakers shall, for the purposes aforesaid, have access to and be at liberty to remove, test, inspect, and replace any such meter at all reasonable times: Provided that the expenses of procuring any such meter to be again duly certified, where that re-certifying is thereby rendered necessary, shall be paid by the Undertakers.

57. If any difference arises between any consumer and the Undertakers Differences as os to whether any meter, whereby the value of the supply is ascertained to correctness (whether belonging to the consumer or to the Undertakers), is or is not to lie in proper order for correctly registering that value, or as to whether that fnspeeto/ value has been correctly registered in any case by any meter, that difference

shall be determined upon the application of either party by an electric inspector or, where the local authority are the consumers, by an inspector to be appointed by the Beard of Trade, and that inspector shall also order by which of the parties the costs of and incidental to the proceedings before him shall be paid, and the decision of the inspector shall be final and binding on all parties.

- Subject as aforesaid, the register of the meter shall be conclusive evidence in the absence of fraud of the value of the supply.

58. Where any consumer who is supplied with energy by the Undertakers Undertakers o from any distributing main is' provided with a certified meter for the pay expenses

72

Ch. 19. Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act,' 1899. 62 & 63i Vict*

of providing new meters where method of charge altered.

Undertakers may place meters to measure supply or to check measurement.

purpose of ascertaining the value of the supply and the Undertakers change the method of charging for energy supplied by them from the main, the Undertakers shall pay to that consumer the reasonable expenses to which he may be put in providing a new meter for the purpose of ascertaining the value of the supply according to the new method of charging, and those expenses may be recovered by the consumer from the Undertakers summarily as a civil debt.

59. In addition to any meter which may be placed upon the premises of any consumer to ascertain the value of the supply, the Undertakers may place upon his premises such meter or other apparatus as they may desire for the purpose of ascertaining or regulating either the amount of energy supplied to the consumer or the number of hours during which the supply is given, or the maximum power taken by the consumer, or any other quantity or time connected with the supply : Provided that the meter or apparatus shall be of some construction and pattern and shall be fixed and connected with the service lines in some manner approved by the Board of Trade, and shall be supplied and maintained entirely at the cost of the Undertakers, and shall not, except by agreement, be placed otherwise than between the mains of the Undertakers and the consumer's terminals.

Maps.

Map of area 60. — (1.) The Undertakers shall forthwith after commencing to supply

of supply to energy under the Special Order cause a map to be made of the area of

.be made. supply, and shall cause to be marked thereon the line and the depth below

the surface of all their then existing mains, service lines, and other underground works and street boxes, and shall once in every year cause that map to be duly corrected so as to show the then existing lines. The Undertakers shall also, if so required by the Board of Trade or the Postmaster-General, cause to be made sections showing the level of all .-their existing mains and underground works other than service lines. The said map and sections shall be made on such scale or scales as the Board of Trade prescribe.

(2.) Every map and section so made or corrected, or a copy thereof, marked with the date when it was so made or last corrected, shall be kept by the Undertakers at their principal office within the area of supply, and shall at all reasonable times be open to the inspection of all applicants, and those applicants may take copies of it or any part thereof. The Underlakers may demand and take from every such applicant such fee not exceeding one shilling for each inspection of the map, section, or copy, and such further fee not exceeding five shillings for each copy of it, or any part thereof, taken by the applicant, as they prescribe.

(3.) The Undertakers shall, if required by the Board of Trade or the Postmaster-General, or, where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, by the local authority, supply to them or him a copy of any such map or section and cause that copy to be duly corrected so as to agree with the original or originals thereof as kept for the time being at the office of the Undertakers.

(4.) If the Undertakers fail to comply with any of the requirements of this section they shall for each default be liable to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding two pounds.

Notices, &c.

Notices, &c. 61. Notices, orders, and other documents under the Special Order may

may be printed be in writing or in print, or partly in writing and partly in print, and or written. where any notice, order, or dccument requires authentication by the local authority, the signature thereof by the clerk or surveyor to the local authority shall be sufficient authentication.

1899.

. ElectHd Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

.Ch. 19.

73

62. — (1.) Any notice, order, or document required or authorised to be Service of served upon any body or person under the Special Order or the principal notices, &c. Act may be served by being addressed to that body or person, and being left at or transmitted through the post to the following addresses respectively: —

(a) in the case of the Board of Trade, the office of the Board of Trade;

(б) in the case of the Postmaster-General, the General Post Office;

(c) in the case of any county council, the office of that council;

(d) in the case of any local authority, the office of that local authority ;

(e) in the case of the Undertakers, where the Undertakers are not a local authority, the registered office of the Undertakers ;

(f) in the case of a company having a registered office, at that registered office, and in the case of a company having an office or offices; but no registered office, the principal office of that company;

(g) in the case of any other person, the usual or last-known place of abode of that person.

(2.) A notice, order, or document by this schedule required or authorised to be served on the owner or occupier of any premises shall be deemed to be properly addressed if addressed by the description of the " owner " or

occupier " of the premises (naming the premises) without further name or description.

(3.) A notice, order, or document by the Special Order required or authorised to be served on the owner or occupier of premises may be served by delivering it, or a true copy thereof, to some person on the premises, or, if there is no person on the premises to whom the same can with reasonable diligence be delivered, by fixing it on some conspicuous part of the premises.

(4.) Subject to the provisions of the Special Order as to cases of emergency, where the interval of time between the service of any notice or document under the provisions of the Special Order and the execution of any works, or the performance of any duty or act, is less than seven days, the following days shall not be reckoned in the computation of that time; that is to say, Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, any bank holiday under and within the meaning of the Bank Holiday Act, 1871, and any 34 & 35 vict. Act amending that Act, and any day appointed for public fast, humiliation, c. 17. or thanksgiving.

Revocation of Special Order.

63. If the Board of Trade, in any case where a local authority are not Revocation the Undertakers, at any time after the commencement of the Special of Order Order, have reason to believe that the Undertakers have made any 'w!?ere Underdefault in executing works or supplying energy in accordance with the provisions of that Order, and that that default is in consequence of the insolvency of the Undertakers, and that by reason of that insolvency the Undertakers are unable fully and efficiently to discharge the duties and obligations imposed upon them by that Order, the Board of Trade may

after such inquiry as they may think necessary, and after considering any representations of the local authority, revoke that Order as to the whole or (with the consent of the Undertakers) as to any part of the area of supply.

64. If in any case where a local authority are not the Undertakers, Revocation of the Undertakers at any time after the commencement of the Special order where Order represent to the Board of Trade that the undertaking cannot

be carried on with profit, and ought to be abandoned, the Board of Trade carried on shall inquire into the truth of the representation, and if upon that inquiry ^th profit.

74

Cf. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, 62 & 63 Vict,

Revocation where local authority are Undertakers and works are not executed.

Revocation of order with consent.

Provisions where order revoked.

they are satisfied of the truth of the representation they may, if in their discretion they think fit, revoke the Special Order as to the whole or (with the consent of the Undertakers and of the local authority) as to any part of the area of supply.

65. If in a case where the local authority are themselves the. Undertakers, the Board of Trade, at any time after the commencement of the Special Order, have reason to believe that the Undertakers ha,ve made default in executing works or supplying energy in accordance with the provisions of the Special Order, the Board of Trade may, after such inquiry as they may think necessary, revoke the Special Order as to the whole or (with the consent of the Undertakers) any part of the area of supply upon such terms as the Board of Trade think just.

66. In addition to any other powers which the Board of Trade may have in that behalf, they may revoke the Special Order at any time with the consent and concurrence of the Undertakers, and, where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, also of the local authority upon such terms as the Board of Trade think just.

67. If the Board of Trade, in any case where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, at any time revoke the Special Order as to the whole or any part of the area of supply, under any of the provisions of the Special Order, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(«.) The Board of Trade shall serve a notice of the revocation upon the Undertakers and upon the local authority, and .shall in that notice .fix a date at which the revocation shall take effect, and from and after that date all the powers and liabilities of the Undertakers under the Special Order or this Act, for the supply of energy within such area, or part thereof as aforesaid, shall absolutely cease and determine. ' i >

(b.) Within two months after the service of the notice by the Board of Trade upon the local authority, the local authority, if they think fit, may by notice in writing require.the Undertakers to sell, and thereupon the Undertakers shall sell, to .them jso much of the undertaking or such part thereof as aforesaid as is within the district of the local authority, upon terms of paying the then value of all

_ land, buildings, works, materials, and plant of the Undertakers suitable to and used by them for the purposes of the undertaking or such part thereof as aforesaid, that value being agreed or estimated' in manner directed by the Electric Lighting Act, 1888, in the case of purchases effected by the local authority under section two of that Act.

(c.) Where any purchase is so effected, the undertaking, or part thereof so purchased, shall vest in the local authority, freed from any debts, mortgages, or similar obligations of the Undertakers, or attaching to the undertaking; and the revocation of the Special Order, as to the whole of the area of supply, or such part thereof as aforesaid, shall extend only to the revocation of the rights, powers* authorities, duties, and obligations of the Undertakers from whom the undertaking, or such part thereof as aforesaid, is purchased in relation to the supply of energy within that area or part thereof, and, save as aforesaid, the Special Order shall remain in full force within that alea of. part thereof in favour of the local authority, by whom the undertaking or part thereof is purchased as aforesaid:

(«?.), Where no purchase has been effected under the preceding provisions of this section, the local authority, and any body or person who may . be liable to repair any street or part of a street in which any works of the Undertakers have been placed, may (subject however to any

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

-75

agreement between the local authority or that body or person and the Undertakers providing for the removal of those works by the Undertakers) forthwith remove those works with all reasonable care, 1 and the Undertakers shall pay to the local authority, or other such body or person as aforesaid, such reasonable costs of the removal, and of the reinstatement of the street or part of a street as may be specified in a notice to be served on the Undertakers by the local authority or other body or person, or (if so required by the Undertakers, within one week after the service of the notice upon them) as may be determined by arbitration.

If the Undertakers fail to pay such reasonable costs as aforesaid within one month after the service upon them of the notice, or the delivery of the award of the arbitrator (as the case may be), the local authority, or other such body or person as aforesaid may, without any previous notice to the Undertakers (but without prejudice to any other remedy which they may have for the recovery of the amount), sell and dispose of any such works as aforesaid, either by public auction or private sale, and for such sum or sums and to such person or persons as they may think fit; and may, out of the proceeds of the sale, pay and reimburse themselves the amount of the costs so specified or settled as aforesaid and of the costs of sale, and the balance (if any) of the proceeds of the sale shall be paid over by them to the Undertakers.

(e.) In case the local authority or any body or person may be entitled to compensation for any damage sustained by them by reason or in consequence of the execution of any works within such area, or part thereof as aforesaid, or the exercise of any powers granted by the Special Order to the Undertakers, or for any expenses to which that local authority, body, or person may have been put in removing any works of the Undertakers within the area, or part thereof, under the provisions of the Special Order, that compensation shall be a first ' charge on any money that may have been deposited or secured by the Undertakers under the provisions of the Special Order in respect of that area, or part thereof, and which may not have been repaid or released to the Undertakers, and that money shall be applied rateably in satisfying those claims, and in every such case the amount of compensation to be paid in respect of the various claims, and the persons to whom it is to.be paid, shall be determined by arbitration.

68. — (1.) If the Board of Trade, in a case where the local authority are Provisions themselves the Undertakers, at any time revoke the Special Order as to where looal the whole or any part of the area of supply, any persons who may be are

liable to repair any street or part of a street within that area or part an^ Order'is thereof in which any works of the Undertakers have been placed, may revoked, forthwith remove those works with all reasonable care, and the Undertakers shall pay to those persons such reasonable costs of the removal as are specified in a notice to be served on the Undertakers by those persons, or if so required by the Undertakers within one week after the service of the notice upon them as may be determined by arbitration.

(2.) If the Undertakers fail to pay such reasonable costs as aforesaid within one month after the service upon them of such notice or the delivery of the award of the arbitrator (as the case may be), such persons as aforesaid may without any previous notice to the Undertakers (but / without prejudice to any other remedy which they may have for the recovery of the amount), sell and dispose of any such works as aforesaid either by public auction or private sale, and for such sum or sums and to such person or persons as they think fit, and may out of the proceeds of the srde pay and reimburse themselves the amount of the costs so-specified or determined as aforesaid, and of the costs of sale, and the balance (if any) of the proceeds of the sale shall be paid over by them to the Undertakers.

76

Pa. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Remedying of system and works.

Publication of regulations.

Nature and amount of security.

Proceedings Board of Trade.

General.

69. — (1.) If at any time it is established to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade —

(a) that the Undertakers are supplying energy otherwise than by means of a system which has been approved by the Board of Trade or (except in accordance with the provisions of the Special Order) have permitted any part of their circuits to be connected with earth or placed any electric line above ground; or

(б) that any electric lines or works of the Undertakers are defective, so as not to be in accordance with the provisions of the Special Order or the Board of Trade regulations; or

(c) that any work of the Undertakers or their supply of energy is attended with danger to the public safety, or injuriously affects any telegraphic line of the Postmaster-General, the Board of Trade may by order specify the matter complained of, and require the Undertakers to abate or discontinue it within such period as is therein limited in that behalf, and if the Undertakers make default in complying with the order they shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds for every day during which the default continues.

(2.) The Board of Trade may also if they think fit by the same or any other order forbid the use of any electric line or work as from such date as may be specified in that behalf until the order is complied with, or for such time as may be so specified, and if the Undertakers make use of any such electric line or work while the use thereof is so forbidden they shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds for every day during which the user continues.

(3.) In any case of non-compliance with an order under this section, whether a pecuniary penalty has been recovered or not, the Board of Trade, if in their opinion the public interest so requires, may revoke the Special Order on such terms as they think just.

70. — (1.) The Board of Trade regulations for the time being in force shall within one month after they have come into force, as made or last altered, be printed at the expense of the Undertakers, and a true copy thereof, certified by or on behalf of the Undertakers, shall be kept by the Undertakers at their principal office within the area of supply, and supplied to any person demanding them at a price not exceeding sixpence for each copy, and where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, a like copy shall also be forthwith served upon the local authority.

(2.) If the Undertakers make default in complying with the provisions of this section they shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and to a daily penalty not exceeding five pounds.

71. Where any security is required under the Special Order to be given to or by the Undertakers, that security may be by way of deposit or otherwise, and of such amount as may be agreed upon between the parties, or as in default of agreement may be determined, on the application of either party, by a court of summary jurisdiction, and that court may also order by which of the parties the costs of the proceedings before them shall be paid, and the decision of the court shall be final and binding on all parties: Provided that where any such security is given by way of deposit the party to whom the security is given shall pay interest at the rate of four per centum per annum on every sum of ten shillings so deposited for every six months during which it remains in their hands.

of 72. (1.) All things required or authorised under the Special Order to be done by, to, or before the Board of Trade, may be done by, to, or before the President or a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board.

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

77-

(2.) All documents purporting to be orders made by the Board of Trade and to be sealed with the seal of the Board, or to be signed by a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or by any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board, shall be received in evidence, and shall be deemed to be those orders without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(3.) A certificate, signed by the President of the Board of Trade, that any order made or act done is the order or act of the Board, shall be conclusive evidence of the order or act so certified.

73. — (1.) Where the Special Order provides for any consent or approval Approval or of the Board of Trade, the Board may give that consent or approval consent of subject to terms or conditions, or may withhold their consent or approval, as

in their discretion they may think fit.

(2.) All costs and expenses of or incident to any approval, consent, certificate, or order of the Board of Trade or of any inspector or person appointed by the Board of Trade, including the cost of any inquiry or tests for the purpose of determining whether the same should be given or made, to such an amount as the Board of Trade certify to be due, shall be borne and paid by the applicant therefor.

Provided that where any approval is given by the Board of Trade to any plan, pattern, or specification, they may require such copies of the plan, pattern, or specification as they think fit to be prepared and deposited at their office at the expense of the applicant, and may, as they think fit, revoke any approval so given, or permit the approval to be continued, subject to such modifications as they think necessary.

74. Where the Board of Trade — Notice of

(1) upon the application of the Undertakers, give any approval or approval of

grant any extension of any time limited for the performance of any Board of duties by the Undertakers; or be^venbt0

(2) in a case where the local authority are not themselves the advertisement. Undertakers, revoke the Special Order upon the application of the

local authority or the Undertakers as to the whole or any part of the area of supply; or

(3) in a case where the local authority are themselves the Undertakers revoke the Special Order as to the whole or any part of the area of supply,

notice that the approval has been given, or the extension of time granted, or the revocation made, shall, if the Board of Trade so direct, be published by public advertisement once at least in each of two successive weeks in some one and the same local newspaper by the Undertakers, or, where the application for revocation has been made by the local authority, by the local authority.

7o. If, in a case where the local authority are not themselves the Notice of Undertakers, any application is made to the Board of Trade to extend any application for time limited for the performance of any duties by the Undertakers, notice e*tension of of the application shall be served on the local authority by the Undertakers, to local6 and an opportunity shall be given to the local authority to make authority, representations or objections with reference thereto.

76. — (1.) All penalties, fees, expenses, and other moneys recoverable Recovery and under the Special Order, or under the Board of Trade regulations, the application of recovery of which is not otherwise specially provided for, may be recovered Pena"ies* summarily in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

(2.) Any penalty recovered on prosecution by an officer of the local authority, in a case where the local authority are not themselves the Undertakers, shall, if there is an electric inspector for the time being appointed by the local authority, be paid to that officer and by him to the local authority, and shall be applied in aid of the local rate.

78

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Undertakers to be responsible for all damages.

As to mortgages.

Saving for

Postmaster-

General.

Saving rights of the Crown in the fore-, shore.

Undertakers not exempted from proceedings for nuisance, ' Provision as to general Acts. '

(3.) Any penalty recovered on prosecution by any ether body or person, or any part thereof, may, if the court so direct, be paid to that body or person.

77. The Undertakers shall be answerable for all accidents, damages, and injuries happening through the act or default of the Undertakers, or of any person in their employment, by reason of or in consequence of any of the Undertakers' works, and shall save harmless all authorities, bodies, and persons by whom aniy street is repairable^ and all bth'er authorities,' companies, and bodies collectively and individually, and their officers and servants, from all damages and costs in respect of those accidents, damages, and injuries.

78. Nothing in the Special Order shall prevent the Undertakers, in a case where a local authority are not- the Undertakers, from borrowing money om the security of mortgages of the undertaking, or shall make the consent or approval of the Board of Trade necessary to the validity or effect of any such, mortgage:

Provided that every mortgage of the undertaking shall be deemed to comprise all purchase money which may be paid' to .the Undertakers in the event of any sale or transfer of the undertaking or any part thereof, lindef section two of the Electric Lighting Act,' 1888, or under the Special Order, and that any mortgage granted by the Undertakers Shall not be a charge upon the undertaking, or any part thereof, id the event of the undertaking or that part being sold or transferred as aforesaid, and that every mortgage deed granted by the Undertakers shall be endorsed with notice to that effect.

79. Nothing in the Special Order shall affect any right or remedy of the Postmaster-General under the principal Act or the 'Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1897, and all provisions contained in the Special Order in favour of the ' Postmaster-General shall be. construed to be in- addition to and not in modification Of the provisions of those Acts.

' 80. Although any shore, bed of the sea, river, channel, creek, bay, or estuary is included in the area of supply, nothing in the SgeeiaJ Order shall authorise the Undertakers to take, use, or in any manner interfere with any portion of that shore or bed of the sea, or of the river, channel, cr:eek, bay, or estuary, or any right in respect thereof belonging to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty in right of Hei* Crown, and under the management of the Board of Trade, without the previous consent in writing of the Board of Trade on behalf of Her Majesty (which consent the'Board of Trade may give), neither shall anything in the Special Order contained extend "to take away, prejudice, diminish, or alter any of the estates, rights, privileges, powers, or authorities vested in or enjoyed or exerciseable by the Queen's Majesty.

81. Nothing in the Special Order shall exonerate the Undertakers from any indictment,faction,i or other proceedings for nuisance in the event,of any nuisance being caused or permitted by them.

( 82,' Nothing in the Special Order shall exempt the Undertakers or.-their undertaking from the provisions of, or deprive the Undertakers of the benefits of, any general Act relating to electricity, or to the supply of, or price to be charged for, energy, which may be passed after the passing of the Act confirming the Special Ofider.

Application to Scotland.

' Application to Scotland

83. In the application of the provisions of this schedule; to Scotland the following modifications shall be made: —

. OO, (the expression "arbiter" shall be substituted for the expression " arbitrator."

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

79

(2.) 1 The sheriff of the county or any of his substitutes " shall be substituted for " a court of summary jurisdiction."

(3.) References to recovery summarily as a civil debt shall be construed as references to recovery summarily.

(4.) The expression " complainer " shall be substituted for the expression " complainant," and the expression " defender " for the expression " defendant."

(5.) " The Secretary for Scotland " shall be substituted for " the Local Government Board."

(6.) The reference to section two hundred and sixty-five of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall not apply.

(7.) A reference to the Edinburgh Gazette shall be substituted for a reference to the London Gazette.

Application to Ireland.

84. In the application of the provisions of this schedule to Ireland the following modifications shall be made

(1.) References to recovery summarily as a civil debt shall be construed as references to recovery before a court of summary jurisdiction.

(2.) A reference to section two hundred and sixty-four of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall be substituted for a reference to section two hundred and sixty-five of the Public Health 'Act, 1875, and in- the construction o'f that section, as incorporated in this schedule, " sanitary authority " shall mean " the local authority as Undertakers."

(3.) Where the repair of any street or public bridge in a rural district is a public work within the meaning of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, that street or bridge shall, for the purpose of the provisions of this schedule, be deemed to be repairable by the county council and not by the district'council.

(4.) A reference' lo-the Local Government Board for Ireland shall be substituted for a reference to the Local Government Board.

(5.) A reference the 'Dublin Gazette shall be substituted^for a reference to the London‘Gazette.

APPEND I X.

‘ Section 12- of the Electric'Lighting Act, 1882 (45^4' 4Q Vtci. c. 56.).

12. The provisions of, the following Acts shall be incorporated with this Act; that is to say," —

(2.) The provisions of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to breaking up Streets for the purpose of laying pipes, and with respect to waste or misuse of the gas or injury to the pipes and other works except so much thereof as relates to the use of any burner other than such as has been provided or approved of by the Undertakers M and (3.) Sections thirty-eight to forty-two inclusive, and sections forty-five aud forty-six of the1 Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871.

For the purposes of this Act in the construction of all the enactments incorporated by this section "the special Act" means -this Act inclusive of any licence, order, or special Act; and the " promoters " or " undertakers," and " the undertaking," as the case may be, mean the undertakers and the undertaking respectively under this Act.

In the construction. of the .said Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, and the Gasworks Claus.es Act, 1871, the said Acts shall be construed as

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

Application to Ireland.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. . u

61 & 62 Vict. ;c. 37.

Incorporation of certain. provisions of Clauses Consolidation . Acts.

10 & 11 Vict. c. -15. ?<< c

34 & 35 Vict. c. 41.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vier.

80

Ch. 19.

if ‘.‘gas " meant "electricity," and as if " pipe " meant " electric line," and " works " meant " works" as defined by tills Act, and as if " the limits of the special Act " meant the area within which the Undertakers are authorised to supply electricity under any licence, order, or special Act.

All offences, forfeitures, penalties, and damages under the said incorporated provisions of the said Acts oy any of them may be prosecuted and may be recovered in manner by the said Acts respectively enacted in relation thereto, provided that sums recoverable under the provisions of section forty of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871, shall not be recovered as penalties, but may be recovered summarily as civil debts.

Power to break up streets, &c. under superintendence, and to open drains.

Not to enter

Sections of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847 (10 fy 11 Vict. c. 15.),

incorporated.

And with respect to the breaking up of streets for the purpose of laying pipes, be it enacted as follows: —

6. The Undertakers, under such superintendence as is herein-after specified, may open and break up the soil and pavement of the several streets and bridges within the limits of the special Act, and may open and break up any sewers, drains, or tunnels within or under such streets and bridges, and lay down and place within the same limits pipes, conduits, service pipes, and other works, and from time to time repair, alter, or remove the same, and also make any sewers that may be necessary for carrying off the washings and waste liquids which may arise in the making of the gas, and for the purposes aforesaid may remove and use all earth and materials in and under such streets and bridges, and they may, in such streets, erect any pillars, lamps, and other works, and do all other acts which the Undertakers shall from time to time deem necessary for supplying gas to the inhabitants of the district included within the said limits, doing as little damage as may be in the execution of the powers hereby or by the special Act granted, and making compensation for any damage which may be done in the execution of such powers.

7. Provided always that nothing herein shall authorise or empower the

on private land Undertakers to lay down or place any pipe or other works into, through, without or against any building, or in any land, not dedicated to public use without

consent. the consent of the owners and occupiers thereof; except that the Under-

takers may at any time enter upon and lay or place any new pipe in the place of any existing pipe, in any land wherein any pipe hath been already lawfully laid down or placed in pursuance of this or the special Act or any other Act of Parliament, and may repair or alter any pipe so laid down.

Notice to be 8* Before the Undertakers proceed to open or break up any street,

served on bridge, sewer, drain, or tunnel, they shall give to the persons under whose

persons having control or management the same may be, or to their clerk, surveyor, or control, &c. other officer, notice in writing of their intention to open or break up the

up streets ® same, not less than three clear days before beginning such work, except in or opening cases of emergency arising from defects in any of the pipes or other works,

drains, and then so soon as is possible after the beginning of the work, or the

necessity for the same shall have arisen.

9. No such street, bridge, sewer, drain, or tunnel shall, except in the cases of emergency aforesaid, be opened or broken up except under the superintendence of the persons having the control or management thereof, or of their officer, and according to such plan as shall be approved of by such persons or their officer, or in case of any difference respecting such plan, then according to such plan as shall be determined by two justices; and such justices may, on the application of the persons having the control or

Streets or drains not to be broken up except under superintendence of persons haring control of the same.

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

Ch. 19.

81

management of any such sewer, drain, or their officer, require the Undertakers to make such temporary or other works as they may think necessary for guarding against any interruption of the drainage during the execution of any works which interfere with any such sewer or drain: Provided always, if persons that if the persons having such control or management as aforesaid, and having the their officer, fail to attend at the time fixed for the opening of any such control, &c. street, bridge, sewer, drain, or tunnel, after having had such notice of the jjnder-Undertakers' intention as aforesaid, or shall not propose any plan for taJfierg may breaking up or opening the same, or shall refuse or neglect to superintend perform the the operation, the Undertakers may perform the work specified in such work without notice without the superintendence of such persons or their officer. them.

10. When the Undertakers open or break up the road or pavement of Streets, &c.

any street or bridge, or any sewer, drain, or tunnel, they shall with all broken up'to convenient speed complete the work for which the same shall be broken up, ®delay,

and fill in the ground and reinstate and make good the road or pavement,

or the sewer, drain, or tunnel so opened or broken up, and carry away the rubbish occasioned thereby, and shall at all times, whilst any such road or pavement shall be so opened or broken up, cause the same to be fenced and guarded, and shall cause a light sufficient for the warning of passengers to be set up and maintained against or near such road or pavement where the same shall be open or broken up every night during which the same shall be continued open or broken up and shall keep the road or pavement which has been so broken up in good repair for three months after replacing and making good the same, and for such further time, if any,

not being more than twelve months in the whole, as the soil so broken up shall continue to subside.

11. If the Undertakers open or break up any street or bridge, or any Penalty for sewer, drain, or tunnel, without giving such notice as aforesaid, or in a delay in reinmanner different from that which shall have been approved of or determined ^tln& streets> as aforesaid, or without making such temporary or other works as aforesaid

when so required, except in the cases in which the Undertakers are hereby authorised to perform such works without any superintendence or notice, or if the Undertakers make any delay in completing any such work, or in filling in the ground, or reinstating and making good the road or pavement, or the sewer, drain, or tunnel so opened or broken up, or in carrying away the rubbish occasioned thereby, or if they neglect to cause the place where such road or pavement has been broken up to be fenced, guarded, and lighted, or neglect to keep the road or pavement in repair for the space of three months next after the same is made good, or such further time as aforesaid, they shall forfeit to the persons having the control or management of the street, bridge, sewer, drain, or tunnel, in respect of which such default is made, a sum not exceeding five pounds for every such offence, and they shall forfeit an additional sum of five pounds for each day during which any such delay as aforesaid shall continue after they shall have received notice thereof.

12. If any such delay or omission as aforesaid take place, the persons In case of having the control or management of the street, bridge, sewer, drain, or delay, other tunnel, in respect of which such delay or omission shall take place, may r^ng^te'and cause the work so delayed or omitted to be executed, and the expense of recover the executing the same shall be repaid to such persons by the Undertakers; expenses, and such expenses may be recovered in the same manner as damages are recoverable under this or the special Act.

And with respect to waste or misuse of the gas, or injury to the pipes or other works, be it enacted as follows: —

18. Every person who shall lay or cause to be laid any pipe to Penalty for communicate with any pipe belonging to the Undertakers without their fraudulently

82

Ch. 19.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. G2 & 63 Vict.

rf jj, consent, or shall fraudulently injure any such meter as aforesaid, or who.

Undertakers, in case the gas supplied by the Undertakers is not ascertained by meter, shall use any burner [other than such as has been provided or approved of by the Undertakers, or] of larger dimensions than he has contracted to pay for or shall keep the lights burning for a longer time than he has contracted to pay for, or who shall otherwise improperly use or bum such gas, or shall supply any other person with any part of the gas supplied to him by the Undertakers, shall forfeit to the Undertakers the sum of five pounds for every such offence, and also the sum of forty shillings for every day such pipe snail so remain, or such works or burner shall be so used, or such excess be so committed or continued, or such supply furnished; and the Undertakers may take off the gas from the house and premises of the person so offending, notwithstanding any contract which may have been previously entered into.

Penalty for 19. Every person who shall wilfully remove, destroy, or damage any pipe, pillar, post, plug, lamp, or other work of the Undertakers for pipgj'f"'0 supplying gas, or who shall wilfully extinguish any of the public lamps or lights, or waste or improperly use any of the gas supplied by the Undertakers, shall for each such offence forfeit to the Undertakers any sum not exceeding five ponnds, in addition to the amount of the damage done.

20. Every person who shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, cr 4ama°e alU P®P^ pillar, or lamp belonging to the Undertakers or under their control, shall pay such sum of money by way of satisfaction to the Undertakers for the damage done, not exceeding five pounds, as any two justices or the sheriff shall think reasonable.

Sections of the Gasworks Clauses Act, 1871 (34 Sf 35 Vict. c. 41.), incorporated.

Penalty 38. Every person who wilfully, fraudulently, or by culpable negligence

for injuring injures or suffers to be injured any pipes, meter, or fittings belonging to

meters. the Undertakers, or alters the index to any meter, or prevents any meter

from duly registering the quantity of gas supplied, or fraudulently abstracts, consumes, or uses gas of the Undertakers, shall (without prejudice to any other right or remedy for the protection of the Undertakers or the punish.-ment of the offender) for every such offence forfeit and pay to the Undertakers a sum not exceeding five pounds, and the Undertakers may in addition thereto recover the amount of any damage by them sustained; and in any case in which any person has wilfully or fraudulently injured or suffered to be injured any pipes, meter, or fittings belonging to the Undertakers, or altered the index to any meter, or prevented any meter from duly registering the quantity of gas supplied, the Undertakers may also, until the matter complained of has been remedied, but no longer, discontinue the supply of gas to the person so offending (notwithstanding any contract previously existing); and the existence of artificial means for causing such alteration or prevention, or for abstracting, consuming, or using gas of Undertakers, when such meter is under the custody or control of the consumer, shall be prim& facie evidence that such alteration,-prevention, abstraction, or consumption, as the case may be, has been fradulently, knowingly and wilfully caused by the. consumer using such meter.

Recovery of Gas Rents.

Incoming 39. In case any consumer of gas supplied by the Undertakers leaves the

lXftopay Premises where such H ll been supplied to him without paying the gas

1899.

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899. Ch. 19, 20.

83

rent or meter rent due from him, the Undertakers shall not be entitled to arrears of require from the next tenant of such premises the payment of the arrears 6as rents, &c. left unpaid by the former tenant, unless such incoming tenant has undertaken with the former tenant to pay or exonerate him from the payment of such arrears.

40. If any person supplied with gas or with any gas meter or fittings by Recovery of the Undertakers, neglects to pay to the Undertakers the rent due for such re"ts' ^°‘ gas, or the rent or money due to the Undertakers for the hire or fixing of

such meter, or any expenses lawfully incurred by the Undertakers in cutting off the gas from the premises of such person, the Undertakers may recover the sum so due in like manner as a penalty under this Act.

41. Whenever any person neglects to pay any rent or sum due and Recovery of

payable by him to the Undertakers, the Undertakers may recover the same, to

with full costs of suit, in any court of competent jurisdiction, and the n e a ers-remedy of the Undertakers under this enactment shall be in addition to

their other remedies for the recovery of such rent or sum.

Legal Proceedings.

42. Any summons or warrant issued for any of the purposes of this Act Contents of may contain, in the body thereof, or in a schedule thereto, several names summons or and several sums. warrant.

45. Every notice which the Undertakers are by this Act required to Service of serve upon any person shall be served by being delivered to the person for notice by whom it is intended, or by being left at his usual or last-known place of Un e a ers‘ abode, or sent by post addressed to such persons, or if such person or his address be not known to the Undertakers, and cannot after due inquiry be found or ascertained, then by being affixed for three days to some conspicuous part of the premises to which such notice relates.

46. No justice or judge of any county court or quarter sessions shall be Liability to

disqualified from acting in the execution of this Act by reason of his being gas fent n?t

liable to the payment of any gas rent or other charge under this Act. *° disqualify

* J J o justices from.

acting.

lAAA/W

CHAPTER 20.

An Act for enabling Bodies Corporate to bold Property in Joint Tenancy. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) A body corporate shall be capable of acquiring and Power for holding any real or personal property in joint tenancy in the same corporations to manner as if it were an individual; and where a body corporate as jomt°Perty and an individual, or two or more bodies corporate, become entitled tenants, to any such property under circumstances or by virtue of any instrument which would, if the body corporate had been an individual, have created a joint tenancy, they shall be entitled to the property as joint tenants.

Provided that the acquisition and holding of property by a body corporate in joint tenancy shall be subject to the like conditions

84 Ch. 20, 21, 22. Bodies Goi'porate (Joint Tenancy) G2 & 63 Vict.

Act, 1899.

and restrictions as attach to the acquisition and holding of property by a body corporate in severalty.

(2.) Where a body corporate is joint tenant of any property, then on its dissolution the property shall devolve on the other joint tenant.

short title. 2. This Act may be cited as the Bodies Corporate (Joint Tenancy) Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to provide for Seats being supplied for the use of Shop Assistants. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of 'the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Seats to he 1. In all rooms of a shop, or other premises where goods are actually retailed to the public, and where female assistants are employed for the retailing of goods to the public, the employer carrying on business in such premises shall provide seats behind the counter, or in such other position as may be suitable for the purpose, and such seats shall be in the proportion of not less than one seat to every three female assistants employed in each room.

Penalty. 2. Any person failing to comply with the provisions of this

Act shall be liable, on summary conviction, for a first offence to a fine not exceeding three pounds, and for a second or subsequent offence to a fine not less than one pound and not exceeding five pounds.

Commence- 3. This Act shall come into force on the first day of January ment of Act. one thousand nine hundred.

Construction 4. This Act shall be read and construed as one with the Shop and short title. jjours Acts, 1892 to 1895, and may be cited separately as the Seats for Shop Assistants Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

[9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

"ent 1. The First Schedule to the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, to 42 & 43 shall include the offences mentioned or referred to in the schedule

Vict. c. 49.

1899.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1899.

Ch. 22.

85

to this Act in the same manner as if the schedule to this Act formed part of the First Schedule to the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

2. Section eleven of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879 (which Amendment of gives power to deal sufnmarily with young persons by consent), 424^ 4g8 ^lct' shall extend to all indictable offences other than homicide, and accordingly in that section the words " specified in the first

column of the First Schedule to this Act * are hereby repealed, and the words "other than homicide" shall be substituted therefor.

3. Where a court of summary jurisdiction proposes to deal Explanation summarily in pursuance of this Act with a charge of obtaining by

false pretences from any person any chattel, money, or valuable pretences." security with intent to defraud, the court shall, after the charge has been .reduced to writing and read to the person charged, state in effect that a false pretence means a false representation by words, writing, or conduct that some fact exists or existed, and that a promise as to future conduct not intended to be kept is not by itself a false pretence, and may add any such further explanation as the court may deem suitable to the circumstances.

4. This Act may be cited as the Summary Jurisdiction Act, Short title. 1899.

SCHEDULE.

First Column. Second Column.

Young Persons consenting and Adults pleading Guilty. Adults consenting.

1a. Obtaining or attempting to obtain by any false protence from any person any chattel, money, or valuable security with intent to defraud against the provisions of the Larceny Act, 1861, section eighty-eight.

1a. Obtaining or attempting to obtain by any false pretence from any person any chattel, money, or valuable security with intent to defraud, where the amount of the money or the value of the whole of the chattels, valuable securities, or property alleged to have been obtained by such 24 & 25 Vict. false pretence does not, in the opinion c. 96. of the court before whom the charge is brought, exceed forty shillings.

The offence of unlawfully and maliciously setting fire to any part of any wood, coppice, or plantation of trees, or to any heath, gorse, furze, or fern, under section sixteen of the Malicious Damage Act, 1861.

The offence of unlawfully and maliciously setting fire to any part of any wood, coppice, or plantation of trees, or to any heath, gorse, furze, or fern, under section i sixteen of the Malicious Damage Act, 24 & 25 Vict. 1861, where the damage done to the c. 97. property which is the subject of the alleged offence does not in the opinion of the court before whom the charge is brought exceed in amount forty shillings.

86 - €Jh. 23. Anchors and Chain Gables Act, 1899. 62 & 63 V ic

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to simplify and amend the Law relating to the Testing and Sale of Anchors and Chain Cables.

[9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Obligation to prove Anchors and Chain Cables used for British Ships.

1. — (1.) A maker of or dealer in anchors or chain cables shall not sell or contract to sell, nor shall any person purchase or contract to purchase, for use on any British ship, any chain cable or any anchor exceeding in weight one hundred and sixty-eight pounds, unless it has been previously proved in accordance with this Act.

(2.) If any person acts in contravention of this section, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

2. — (1.) Every contract for the sale of a chain cable or of an anchor exceeding in weight one hundred and sixty-eight pounds shall, in the absence of an express stipulation to the contrary, be deemed to imply a warranty that the anchor or cable has before delivery been proved in accordance with this Act.

(2.) The burden of proving the existence of any such express stipulation and the testing and stamping, shall, in case of dispute, lie on the seller.

Ant not to 3. No maker of or dealer in anchors or chain cables, and no

relieve makers shipowner or other person, shall by reason of this Act, or of any- from respon- thing done thereunder, be relieved from any responsibility in respect of any anchor or chain cable made, sold, or used by him to which, but for this Act, he would have been subject.

Inquiry as 4. Where a British ship is detained by the Board of Trade either to anchors provisionally or finally as an unsafe ship under Part V. of the cableswhere Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, the Board may direct an inquiry a ship is into the condition of her anchors and cables, and, if they have not -detained as been proved in accordance with this Act, may make such further 57*&58 Vict. or^er previous to her release as they think requisite.

«. 60.

Licences to test Anchors and Chain Cables.

Licences to 5. — (1.) The Board of Trade may grant a licence under this Act

Sachahi0" for the testing of anchors and chain cables with a view to their cables. proof, to any of the bodies of persons mentioned in the First

Schedule to this Act in respect of the testing establishments mentioned in that schedule, and also to any body of persons to

Warranty on contract for sale of .anchor or chain cable.

Anchors and chain cables sold or purchased for British ship to be proved.

1899.

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1899.

Ch. 23.

87

whom they are for the time being authorised by Order in Council under this Act to grant such licences in respect of the-testing establishment mentioned in the licence.

(2.) Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct that licences may be granted by the Board of Trade to any public body other than those mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, and also to any of the bodies of persons mentioned in the said schedule in respect of testing establishments other than those mentioned therein, and may revoke or alter any such Order.

(3.) A licence under this section shall remain in force for one year, subject to revocation or suspension under this section, but may be renewed by the Board of Trade.

(4.) A licence under this section may be at any time revoked or suspended by the Board of Trade.

(5.) A licence under this section —

(a) shall not be granted in respect of any testing establishment unless the testing establishment and the apparatus and machinery used therein have been inspected by an inspector appointed under this Act and certified by him as proper and efficient for their purposes; and

(b) shall not be renewed in respect of any testing establishment unless the testing establishment and the apparatus and machinery used therein have been inspected within the year by an inspector appointed under this Act and certified by him as proper and efficient for their purposes.

(6.) There shall be paid on every grant of a licence and on every renewal of a licence such fee, not exceeding fifty pounds, as the Board of Trade, with the concurrence of the Treasury, appoint.

6. — (1.) The Board of Trade shall appoint a fit person to be Appointment inspector of testing establishments, under this Act, and may of inspector, remove any person so appointed.

(2.) An inspector so appointed shall conform in the execution of his duties to any regulations made by the Board of Trade, and shall receive such salary and allowances as may be fixed by the Board of Trade with the concurrence of the Treasury.

Mode of testing of Anchors and Chain Cables.

7. — (1.) Every body of persons for the time being holding a Obligation licence under this Act for the testing of anchors and chain cables to test

in respect of any testing establishment (in this Act referred to as ^hain wbles, a " licensed tester ") shall, with all reasonable despatch, test every anchor and chain cable that is brought to that testing establishment for the purpose of testing.

(2.j Anchors and chain cables shall be tested in the order in which they are brought to the testing establishment, unless the persons interested agree to the contrary.

8. — (1) The tensile strain and the breaking strain used for Tests, the purpose of testing anchors and chain cables shall be those

88

Ch. 23.

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

specified in the Second Schedule to this Act, or such tests as are substituted by order of the Board of Trade under this section,

(2.) Any test approved by the Board of Trade as a test equal or superior to either of the tests specified in the said schedule may be substituted by order of that Board for that test.

' (3.) Any test approved by the Board of Trade as a test superior to the tensile or breaking test for the time being in force may be used, if the Board of Trade approve, instead of that test in any particular case or class of cases; and in that case or class of cases anchors and chain cables tested according to the test so approved shall be deemed to be tested in accordance with this Act, and the test shall be noted on any certificate of the testing delivered under this Act.

(4.) Any reference in this Act to a tensile or breaking strain shall be construed as a reference to the tensile or breaking strain used in accordance with this section.

Mode of 9. — (1.) Where an anchor is brought to the testing establishment

testing anchors of any licensed tester for testing, he shall test it by subjecting it

and chain > >-1 J , ,-i . . ° J jo

cables to the tonsils stram.

(2.) Where a chain cable is brought to a licensed tester for testing, he shall test every full length of fifteen fathoms of it by the breaking strain and the tensile strain as follows : —

- (a.) He shall select and cut out a piece of three links from each such length to be tested, and shall test that piece by subjecting it to the breaking strain;

(&,) If the piece selected fails to withstand the breaking strain,

. he shall select and cut out another piece of three links from the same length, and shall test that piece in the same manner: (c.) If the first or second of such pieces withstands the breaking strain, the licensed tester shall then (but not otherwise) test the remaining portion of the length by subjecting it to the tensile strain.

(3.) Any chain cable to be tested the length of which is less than fifteen fathoms, and any part of a chain cable to be tested which remains untested after the testing of any full lengths of fifteen fathoms, shall be tested in the same manner as a full length of fifteen fathoms,-

10. — (1.) The Board of Trade shall appoint for each testing establishment in respect of which a licence granted under this Act is in force a distinctive mark denoting that an anchor or chain cable has been proved at that establishment in accordance with this Act.

(2.) An anchor or chain cable shall be deemed to be proved in accordance, with this Act if —

(a) it has withstood the tensile strain and in the case of a chain cable also the breaking strain applied at a testing establishment in respect of which a licence is in force under this Act; and

Stamping of anchors and clj^in cables when proved.

1899.

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1899.

Cn. 23.

89

(b) after the application of the test it is, in the opinion of the licensed tester, without flaw or material weakness.

(3.) A licensed tester shall stamp on every anchor proved in accordance with this Act at his establishment and on every five fathoms of every chain cable so proved the distinctive mark appointed by the Board of Trade under this section, and shall not stamp that mark on any anchor or chain cable not so proved.

(4.) The distinctive mark appointed by the Board of Trade under this section shall consist of a mark indicating that an anchor or chain cable has been proved with the addition of a mark indicating the testing establishment at which it has been so proved.

(5.) The stamp or die for stamping the distinctive mark shall be provided by the licensed tester, and shall be approved by the Board of Trade.

(6.) A licensed tester shall keep at his testing establishment a copy of the distinctive mark appointed by the Board of Trade for that establishment under this section, and the copy so kept shall be open to inspection at all reasonable hours by any person bringing an anchor or chain cable to be tested.

(7.) Where a licensed tester stamps any anchor or chain cable with the distinctive mark denoting that it has been proved at his establishment, he shall, if requested within one month after it has been so stamped by the person on whose application the testing was made, deliver to that person, free of charge, a certificate in a form to be approved by the Board of Trade that the anchor or chain cable has been proved in accordance with this Act (in this Act referred to as a g certificate of proof ").

11* — (!) A licensed tester may make such charges, not exceeding Scale of the scale of maximum charges for the time being authorised by cba^ges for the Board of Trade for his establishment, as he thinks fit for Anchors and testing any anchor or chain cable and, if it is stamped as proved, chain cables, for stamping it.

(2.) Every licensed tester shall fix in some conspicuous part of his testing establishment, in such a manner as to be clearly legible, a table of charges showing the authorised scale of maximum charges, and also the actual charges made by him.

(3.) A licensed tester miiy apply to the Board of Trade to sanction any alteration in the scale of maximum charges authorised for his establishment, but no such alteration shall be sanctioned unless notice of the intended alteration has been attached to the table of charges for at least three months'in such a manner as to be clearly legible.

12. — (1-) A licensed tester may detain any anchor or chain cable Power to tested by him until any charge due for testing or stamping is paid. ®^®rce® f

(2.) If any such charge is not paid within three months of the testing! °r testing, the licensed tester may cause the anchor or chain cable to be sold by auction, and may deduct from the proceeds of sale all the expenses of the sale and all other expenses incurred by the licensed tester with respect to the anchor or chain cable, including

q6

Ch. 23.

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

his charges for testing or stamping it, and shall pay the balance of the proceeds of the sale to the owner of the anchor or chain cable, or to the person on whose application it has been tested.

Offences.

Offences by 13. — (1.) A licensed tester shall not —

licensed (i.) stamp any anchor or chain cable or any other chain or

cable with the distinctive mark denoting that an anchor or chain cable has been proved in accordance with this Act or with any mark resembling that distinctive mark, or otherwise calculated to lead persons to suppose that the anchor, chain cable, or other chain or cable has been proved in accordance with this Act unless it is an anchor or chain cable which has been proved at his establishment in accordance with this Act; or (ii.) deliver a certificate of proof in respect of any anchor or chain cable other than an anchor or chain cable which has been proved by him at his establishment in accordance with this Act; or

(iii.) make any false statement in a certificate of proof.

(2.) If a licensed tester acts in contravention of this section, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

Penalty for

placing

marks, or

delivering

certificate,

resembling

distinctive

marks or a

certificate of

proof.

14=. — (1.) A person, other than a licensed tester, shall not —

(a) place on any anchor or chain cable or on any chain or cable any distinctive mark appointed by the Board of Trade for any testing establishment under this Act, or any mark resembling that distinctive mark or otherwise calculated to lead persons to suppose that the anchor, chain cable, chain, or cable has been proved in accordance with this Act; or

(b) deliver any certificate or other document of a like character relating to the proof or testing of any anchor or chain cable or other chain or cable, which resembles a certificate of proof delivered by a licensed tester, or is

. otherwise calculated to lead persons to suppose that the anchor, chain cable, chain, or cable in respect of which it is delivered has been proved in accordance with this Act.

(2.) If any person acts in contravention of this section he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

Provisions 15. — (1.) Any person delivering a certificate or other document

andcertificateB a character relating to the proof or testing of any anchor or of private " chain cable, or other chain or cable shall, unless it is either mu testing. anchor or chain cable which has been proved in accordance with this Act, or a chain or cable (not being a chain cable) which has been proved at a testing establishment in respect of which a licence granted under this Act was in force at the time of proof, place in some conspicuous part of the certificate or document, in such a manner as to be clearly legible, the words " privately tested."

(2.) A person shall not place on any anchor or chain cable, or other chain or cable, any marks, or deliver in relation thereto

1899.

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1899.

Cxi. 23.

91

any certificate or other document of a similar character, which would he calculated to lead persons to suppose that the anchor or chain cable, or other chain or cable, has been tested, unless it has been actually so tested.

(3.) If any person fails to comply with, or acts in contravention of, this section, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

16. If any person knowing that any anchor or chain cable or saie or other chain or cable has been stamped or marked in contravention delivery of of this Act, sells it to any other person, or delivers it for use by ^haincabie any other person, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour. wrongfully

marked.

Miscellaneous.

17. — (1.) Any fees payable in pursuance of this Act shall be Eees and

paid into the Exchequer. expenses.

(2.) All expenses of the Board of Trade incurred under this Act, including the salary and allowances payable to an inspector appointed under this Act, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

18. Nothing in this Act shall affect any contracts made by the Saving for Admiralty for the supply of any chain cables or anchors to any

of Her Majesty's dockyards or for the use of any of Her Majesty's Department ships, or any contracts made for the supply of any chain cables or contracts, anchors for the use of the War Department.

19. The expressions " anchor " and " chain cable " include any Definitions, shackle attached to or intended to be used in connexion with the anchor or chain cable.

20. The Acts specified in the Third Schedule to this Act are Repeal, hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of

that schedule.

Provided that for the purposes of this Act —

(a) any anchor or chain cable tested or stamped under any enactment repealed by this Act shall be deemed to have been tested or stamped under this Act; and

(b) any Order in Council, licence, or certificate made or granted under any enactment repealed by this Act shall be deemed to have been made or granted under this Act; and

(c) any inspector appointed under any enactment repealed by this Act shall be deemed to have been appointed under this Act.

21. This Act may be cited as the Anchors and Chain Cables Short title. Act, 7899.

Ch. 23.

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

The Committee of Lloyd's Register of British and Foreign Shipping for testing establishments at London, Bristol, Tipton, Netherton, Saltney, Monkwearmouth, Sunderland, and Low Walker, or elsewhere.

The Committee of the Liverpool Underwriters' Association for testing establishments at Liverpool.

The Mersey Docks and Harbour Board for testing establishments at Liverpool and Birkenhead or at any other place on the Mersey.

The Tyne Improvement Commissioners for testing establishments at Low Walker or auy other place on the Tyne.

The River Wear Commissioners for testing establishments at Sunderland and Monkwearmouth.

The Clyde Navigation Trust for testing establishments at Glasgow or at any other place on the Clyde within the jurisdiction of the Trust.

The Municipal Corporation of Glasgow for testing establishments at Glasgow.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bristol for testing establishments at Bristol,

The Undertakers under the Bute Docks Act, 1865, and the Bute Docks Act, 1866, for testing establishments at Cardiff.

The Trustees of the Port and Harbour of Greenock for testing establishments at Greenock.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Kingston-upon-Hull for testing establishments at Hull.

The Tees Conservancy Commissioners for testing establishments at Stockton and Middlesbrough, or elsewhere upon the Tees.

The Trustees of Swansea Harbour for testing establishments at Swansea.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

| Anchors.

" Tensile Strain. '

Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain.

cwts. qrs. lbs. tons cwts.qrs.lbs

200 0 0 96 15 0 0

199 0 0 96 10 0 0

198 0 0 96 5 0 0

197 0 0 96 0 0 0

196 0 0 95 15 0 0

195 0 0 95 10 0 0

194 0 0 95 5 0 0

193 0 0 95 0 0 0

192 0 0 94 15 0 0

191 0 0 94 10 0 0

190 0 0 94 5 0 0

189 0 0 94 0 0 0

188 0 0 93 15 0 0

187 0 0 93 10 0 0

186 0 0 93 5 0 0

185 0 0 93 0 0 0

Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain. Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain.

CWt 9. qrs. lbs. tons cwts qrs lbs. cwts. qrs lbs. ! tons cwts qrs lbs.

184 u 0 92 15 0 0 168 0 0 88 15 0 0

183 0 0 92 10 0 0 167 0 0 88 10 0 0

182 0 0 92 5 0 0 166 0 0 88 5 0 0

181 0 0 92 0 0 0 165 0 0 88 0 0 0

180 0 0 91 15 0 0 164 0 0 87 15 0 0

179 0 0 91 10 0 0 163 0 0 87 10 0 0

178 0 0 91 5 0 0 162 0 0 87 5 0 u

177 0 0 91 0 0 0 161 0 0 87 0 0 0

176 0 0 90 15 0 0 160 0 0 86 15 0 0

175 0 0 90 10 0 Q 159 0 0 86 10 0 0

174 0 0 90 5 0 0 158 0 0 86 5 0 0

173 0 0 90 0 0 0 157 0 0 86 0 0 0,

172 0 0 89 15 0 0 156 0 0 85 15 0 0

171 0 0 89 10 0 0 155 0 0 85 10 0 0

170 0 0 89 5 0 0 154 0 0 85 5 0 0

169 0 0 89 0 0 0 153 0 0 85 0 0 0

Noib. — The proof strain to be applied is that corresponding to the weight nearest to> the actual weight of the anchor (ex stock).

[Many lines of a single 0 deleted.]

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1899,

Ch. 23.

93

Proof Strain. "Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain. Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain.

ons cwts.qrs.lbs cwts. qrs. lbs. tons cwts.qrs.lbs. cwts. qrs lbs tons cwts.qrs.lbs

84 15 0 0 90 0 0 63 5 0 0 62 0 0 49 10 0 0

84 8 3 0 89 0 0 62 15 0 0 61 3 0 49 6 3 14

84 2 2 0 88 0 0 62 5 0 0 61 2 0 49 3 3 0

83 16 1 0 87 0 0 61 17 2 0 61 1 0 49 0 2 14

83 10 0 0 86 0 0 61 10 0 0 61 0 0 48 17 2 0

83 3 3 0 85 0 0 61 0 0 0 60 3 0 48 15 0 0

82 17 2 0 84 0 0 60 10 0 0 60 2 0 48 12 2 0

82 11 1 0 83 0 0 60 0 0 0 60 1 0 48 10 0 0

82 5 0 0 82 0 0 59 10 0 0 60 0 0 48 7 2 0

81 18 3 0 81 0 0 59 0 0 0 59 3 14 48 5 3 21

81 12 2 0 80 0 0 58 10 0 0 59 3 0 43 4 1 14

81 6 i 0 79 2 0 58 6 1 0 59 2 14 48 ,2 3 7

81 0 0 0 79 0 0 58 2 2 0 59 2 0 48 1 1 0

80 13 3 0 78 2 0 57 17 2 0 59 1 14 47 19 2 21

80 7 2 0 78 0 0 57 12 2 0 59 1 0 47 18 0 14

80 i i 0 77 2 0 57 8 3 0 59 0 14 47 16 2 7

79 15 0 0 77 0 0 57 5 0 0 59 0 0 47 15 0 0

79 8 3 0 76 2 0 57 0 0 0 58 3 14 47 13 3 0

79 2 2 0 76 0 0 56 15 0 0 58 3 0 47 12 2 0

78 16 1 0 75 2 0 56 10 0 0 58 2 14 47 11 1 0

78 10 0 0 75 0 0 56 5 0 0 58 2 0 47 10 0 0

78 3 3 0 74 2 0 56 0 0 0 58 1 14 47 8 3 0

77 17 2 0 74 0 0 55 15 0 0 58 1 0 47 7 2 0

77 11 i 0 73 2 0 55 10 0 0 58 0 14 47 6 1 0

77 5 0 0 73 0 0 55 5 0 0 58 0 0 47 5 0 0

76 18 3 0 72 2 0 55 0 0 0 57 3 14 47 3 1 21

76 12 2 0 72 0 0 54 15 0 0 57 3 0 47 1 3 14

76 6 1 0 71 2 0 54 10 0 0 57 2 14 47 0 1 7

76 0 0 0 71 0 0 54 5 0 0 57 2 0 46 18 3 0

75 13 3 0 70 2 0 54 0 0 0 57 1 14 46 17 0 21

75 7 2 0 70 0 0 53 15 0 0 57 1 0 46 15 2 14

75 1 1 0 69 3 0 53 12 2 0 57 0 14 46 14 0 7

74 15 0 0 69 2 0 53 10 0 0 57 0 0 46 12 2 0

74 7 2 0 69 1 0 53 7 2 0 56 3 14 46 10 3 21

74 0 0 0 69 0 0 53 5 0 0 56 3 0 46 9 1 14

73 12 2 0 68 3 0 53 1 3 14 56 2 14 46 7 3 7

73 5 0 0 68 2 0 52 18 3 0 56 2 0 46 6 1 0

72 17 2 0 68 1 0 52 15 2 14 56 1 14 46 4 2 21

72 10 0 0 68 0 0 52 12 2 0 56 1 0 46 3 0 14

72 2 2 0 67 3 0 52 10 0 0 56 0 14 46 1 2 7

71 15 0 0 67 2 0 52 7 2 0 56 0 0 46 0 0 0

71 7 2 0 67 1 0 52 5 0 0 55 3 14 45 18 1 21

71 0 0 0 67 0 0 52 2 2 0 55 3 0 45 16 3 14

70 12 2 0 66 3 0 51 19 1 14 55 2 14 45 15 1 7

70 5 0 0 66 2 0 51 16 1 0 55 2 0 45 13 3 0

69 17 2 0 66 1 0 51 13 0 14 55 1 14 45 12 0 21

69 10 0 0 66 0 0 51 10 0 0 55 1 0 45 10 2 14

69 2 2 0 65 3 0 51 7 2 0 55 0 14 45 9 0 7

68 15 0 0 65 2 0 51 5 0 0 55 0 0 45 7 2 0

68 7 2 0 65 1 0 51 2 2 0 54 3 14 45 5 3 21

68 0 0 0 65 0 0 51 0 0 0 54 3 0 45 4 1 14

67 12 2 0 64 3 0 50 17 2 0 54 2 14 45 2 3 7

67 5 0 0 64 2 0 50 15 0 0 54 2 0 45 1 1 0

66 17 2 0 64 1 0 50 12 2 0 54 1 14 44 19 2 21

66 10 0 0 64 0 0 50 10 0 0 54 1 0 44 18 0 14

66 2 2 0 63 3 0 50 7 2 0 54 0 14 44 16 2 7

65 15 0 0 63 2 0 50 5 0 0 54 0 0 44 15 0 0

65 7 2 0 63 1 0 50 2 2 0 53 3 14 44 13 3 0

65 0 0 0 63 0 0 50 0 0 0 53 3 0 44 12 2 0

64 10 0 0 62 3 0 49 17 2 0 53 2 14 44 11 1 0

64 0 0 0 62 2 0 49 15 0 0 53 2 0 44 10 0 0

63 12 2 0 62 1 0 49 12 2 0 53 1 14 44 8 3 0

e proof strain to be applied is that corresponding to the weight nearest to ght of the anchor (ex Btock).

94

Ch. 23.

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

"Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain. Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain. Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain.

cwts. qrs. lbs. tons cwts.qTS.lbs. cwts. qrs. lbs. tons cwts.qrs.lbs. cwts. qrs. lbs. tons cwts.qrs.lbs

53 1 0 1 44 7 2 0 45 2 0 39 11 1 0 37 3 0 34 6 1 0

53 0 14 44 6 1 0 45 1 14 39 9 2 21 37 2 14 34 4 1 14

53 0 0 44 5 0 0 45 1 0 39 8 0 14 37 2 0 34 2 2 0

52 3 14 44 3 1 21 45 0 14 39 6 2 7 37 1 14 34 0 2 14

52 3 0 44 1 3 14 45 0 0 39 5 0 0 37 1 0 33 18 3 0

52 2 14 44 0 1 7 44 3 14 39 3 1 21 37 0 14 83 16 3 14

52 2 0 43 18 3 0 44 3 0 39 1 3 14 37 0 0 33 15 0 0

52 1 14 43 17 0 21 44 2 14 39 0 1 7 36 3 14 33 13 1 21

52 1 0 43 15 2 14 44 2 0 38 18 3 0 36 3 0 33 11 3 14

52 0 14 43 14 0 7 44 i 14 38 17 0 21 36 2 14 33 10 1 7

52 0 0 43 12 2 0 44 i 0 38 15 2 14 36 2 0 33 8 3 0

51 3 14 43 10 3 21 44 0 14 38 14 0 7 36 1 14 33 7 0 21

51 3 0 43 9 1 14 44 0 0 38 12 2 0 36 1 0 33 5 2 14

51 2 14 43 7 3 7 43 3 14 38 10 2 14 36 0 14 33 4 0 7

51 2 o 43 6 1 0 43 3 0 38 8 3 0 36 0 0 33 2 2 0

51 i 14 43 4 2 21 43 2 14 38 6 3 14 35 3 14 33 0 2 14

51 i 0 43 3 0 14 43 2 0 38 5 0 .0 35 3 0 32 18 3 0

51 0 14 43 1 2 7 43 1 14 38 3 0 14 35 O 14 32 16 3 14

51 0 0 43 0 0 0 43 1 0 38 1 1 0 35 2 0 32 15 0 0

50 3 14 42 18 1 21 43 0 14 37 19 1 14 35 1 14 32 13 0 14

50 3 0 42 16 3 14 43 0 0 37 17 2 0 35 1 0 32 11 1 0

50 2 14 42 15 1 7 42 3 14 37 15 2 14 35 0 14 32 9 1 14

50 2 0 42 13 3 0 42 3 0 37 13 3 0 35 0 0 32 7 2 0

50 i 14 42 12 0 21 42 2 14 37 11 3 14 34 3 14 32 5 2 14

50 i 0 42 10 2 14 42 2 0 37 10 0 0 34 3 0 32 3 3 0

50 0 14 42 9 0 7 42 1 14 37 8 0 14 34 2 14 32 1 3 14

50 0 JO 42 7 2 0 42 1 0 37 6 1 0 34 2 0 32 0 0 0

49 3 14 42 5 3 21 42 0 14 37 4 1 14 34 1 14 31 18 0 14

49 53 0 42 4 1 14 42 0 0 37 2 2 0 34 1 0 31 16 1 0

49 2 14 42 2 3 7 41 3 14 37 0 3 21 34 0 14 31 14 1 14

49 2 0 42 i 1 0 41 3 0 36 19 1 14 34 0 0 31 12 2 0

49 -1 14 41 19 2 21 41 2 14 36 17 3 7 33 3 14 31 10 2 14

49 1 0 41 18 0 14 41 2 0 36 16 1 0 33 3 0 31 8 3 0

49 0 14 41 16 2 7 41 1 14 36 14 2 21 33 2 14 31 6 3 14

49 0 0 41 15 0 0 41 1 0 36 13 0 14 33 2 0 31 5 0 0

48 3 14 41 13 1 21 41 0 14 36 11 2 7 33 1 14 31 3 0 14

48 3 0 41 11 3 14 41 0 0 36 10 0 0 33 1 0 31 1 1 0

48 2 14 41 10 1 7 40 3 14 36 8 0 14 33 0 14 30 19 1 14

48 2 0 41 8 3 0 40 8 9 36 6 1 0 33 0 0 30 17 2 0

48 i 14 41 7 0 21 40 2 14 36 4 1 14 32 3 14 30 15 2 14

48 i 0 41 5 2 14 40 2 0 36 2 2 0 32 3 0 30 13 3 0

48 0 14 41 4 0 7 40 1 14 36 0 2 14 32 2 14 30 11 3 14

K: 48 0 0 41 2 2 0 40 1 0 35 18 3 0 32 2 0 30 10 0 0

47. 3 14 41 0 3 21 40 0 14 35 16 3 14 32 1 14 30 8 0 14

47 3 0 40 19 1 14 40 0 0 35 15 0 0 32 1 0 30 6 1 0

47 2 14 40 17 3 7 39 3 14 35 13 4 21 32 0 14 30 4 1 14

47. 2 0 40 16 1 0 39 3 0 35 11 3 14 32 0 0 30 2 2 0

47 i 14 40 14 2 21 39 2 14 35 10 1 7 31 3 14 30 0 2 14

47 i 0 40 13 0 14 39 2 0 35 8 3 0 31 3 0 29 18 3 0

1 47 0 14 40 11 2 7 39 1 14 35 7 0 21 31 2 14 29 16 3 14

47 0 0 40 io 0 0 39 1 0 35 5 2 14 31 2 0 2'9 15 0 0

46 3 14 40 8 1 21 39 0 14 35 4 0 7 -31 1 14 29 13 0 14

46 3 0 40 6 I 14 39 0 0 35 2 2 0 31 1 0 29 11 1 o

46 2 14 40 5 1 7 38 3 14 35 0 3 21 31 0 14 29 9 1 14

46 2 0 1 40 3 3 0 38 3 0 34 19 1 14 31 0 0 29 7 2 0

46 i 14 40 2 0 21 38 2 14 34 17 3 7 30 3 14 29 5 2 14

46 i 0 40 0 2 14 38 2 0 34 16 1 0 80 3 0 29 3 3 0

46 0 14 39 19 0 7 38 1 14 34 14 2 21 30 2 14 29 1 3 14

46 0 0 39 17 2 0 38 1 0 34 13 0 14 30 2 0 29 0 0 0

45 3 14 39 15 3 21 38 0 14 34 11 2 7 30 1 14 28 18 0 14

45 3 0 39 14 1 14 38 0 0 34 10 0 0 30 1 0 28 16 1 0

45 2 14 | 39 12 3 7 37 3 14 34 8 0 14 30 0 14 28 14 1 14

Noth. — The proof strain to he applied is that corresponding to the weight nearest to the actual weight of the anchor (ex stock).

.uutt.

rs. lbs.

0 0

3 14

3 0

2 14

2 0

1 14

1 0

0 14

0 0

3 14

3 0

2 14

2 0

1 14

1 0

0 14

0 0

3 14

3 0

2 14

2 0

1 14

1 0

0 14

0 0

3 14

3 0

2 14

2 0

1 14

1 0

0 14

0 0

3 14

3 0

2 14

2 0

1 14

1 0

0 14

0 0

3 14

3 0

2 14

2 0

1 14

1 0

0 14

0 0

3 14

3 0

2 14

2 0

1 14

1 0

0 14

0 0

3 14

3 0

2 14

2 0

1 14

pe. — T

tual w

"8 and Chain Cables Act, 1899.

Ch. 23.

Weight of Anchor ex Stock.

Weight of Anchor ex Stock.

Proof Strain.

vts. qrs lbs. tons cwts.qrs.lbs. cwts. qrs. lbs. tons cwts.qrs.lbs

22 1 0 22 11 1 0 14 2 0 16 1 1 0

22 0 14 22 9 1 14 14 1 14 15 19 0 7

22 0 0 22 7 2 0 14 1 0 15 16 3 14

21 3 14 22 5 2 14 14 0 14 15 14 2 21

21 3 0 22 3 3 0 14 0 JO 15 12 2 0

21 2 14 22 1 3 14 13 3 14 15 10 1 7

21 2 0 22 0 0 0 13 3 0 15 8 0 14

21 1 14 21 18 0 14 13 2 14 15 5 3 21

21 1 0 21 16 1 0 13 2 0 15 3 3 0

21 0 14 21 14 1 14 13 1 14 15 1 2 7

21 0 0 21 12 2 0 13 1 0 14 19 1 14

20 3 14 21 10 1 7 13 0 14 14 17 0 21

20 3 0 21 8 0 14 13 0 0 14 15 0 0

20 2 14 21 5 3 21 12 3 14 14 12 3 7

20 2 0 21 3 3 0 12 3 0 14 10 2 14

20 1 14 21 1 2 7 12 2 14 14 8 1 21

20 1 0 20 19 1 14 12 2 0 14 6 1 0

20 0 14 20 17 0 21 12 1 14 14 4 0 7

20 0 0 20 15 0 0 12 1 0 14 1 3 14

19 3 14 20 12 3 7 12 0 14 13 19 2 21

19 3 0 20 10 2 14 12 0 0 13 17 2 0

19 2 14 20 8 1 21 11 3 14 13 15 0 0

19 2 0 20 6 1 0 11 3 0 13 12 2 0

19 1 14 20 4 0 7 11 2 14 13 10 0 0

19 1 0 20 1 3 14 11 2 0 13 7 2 0

19 0 14 19 19 2 21 11 1 14 13 5 0 0

19 0 0 19 17 2 0 11 1 0 13 2 2 0

18 3 14 19 15 1 7 11 0 14 13 0 0 0

18 3 0 19 13 0 14 11 0 0 12 17 2 0

18 2 14 19 10 3 21 10 3 14 12 15 1 7

18 2 0 19 8 3 0 10 3 0 12 13 0 14

18 1 14 19 6 2 7 10 2 14 12 10 3 21

18 1 0 19 4 1 14 10 2 0 12 8 3 0

18 0 14 19 2 0 21 10 1 14 12 6 2 7

18 0 0 19 0 0 0 10 1 0 12 4 1 14

17 3 14 18 18 0 14 10 .0 14 12 2 0 21

17 3 0 18 16 1 0 10 0 0 12 0 0 0

17 2 14 18 14 1 14 9 3 14 11 17 3 7

17 2 0 18 12 2 0 9 3 0 11 15 2 14

17 1 14 18 10 2 14 9 2 14 11 13 1 21

17 1 0 18 8 3 0 9 2 0 11 11 1 0

17 0 14 IS 6 3 14 9 1 14 11 9 0 7

17 0 0 18 5 0 0 9 1 0 11 6 3 14

16 3 14 18 2 3 7 9 0 14 11 4 2 21

16 3 0 18 0 2 14 9 0 0 11 2 2 0

16 2 14 17 18 1 21 8 3 14 11 0 0 0

16 2 0 17 16 1 0 8 3 0 10 17 2 0

16 1 14 17 14 0 7 8 2 14 10 15 0 0

16 1 0 17 11 3 14 8 2 0 10 12 2 0

16 0 14 17 9 2 21 8 1 14 10 10 0 0

16 0 0 17 7 2 0 8 1 0 10 7 2 0

13 3 14 17 5 1 7 8 0 14 10 5 0 0

15 3 0 17 3 0 14 8 0 0 10 2 2 0

15 2 14 17 0 3 21 7 3 14 10 0 1 7

15 2 0 16 18 3 0 7 3 0 9 18 0 14

15 1 14 16 16 2 7 7 2 14 9 15 3 21

15 1 0 16 14 1 14 7 2 0 9 13 3 0

15 0 14 16 12 0 21 7 1 14 9 11 2 7

15 0 0 16 10 0 0 7 1 0 9 9 1 14

11 3 14 16 7 3 7 7 0 14 9 7 0 21

14 3 0 16 5 2 14 7 0 0 9 5 0 0

14 2 14 16 3 1 21 6 3 14 9 2 2 0

o be applied is that corresponding to the weight nearest to

95

98

Ch.

.ittc&ot* and Chain Cables Act, ISO!).

02 & 08 Vict.

Weigh! ot Anchor * Stock, Proof Strain. Wright of Anchor «\c Stock. Proof Strain, Weight of Anchor c.r Stock* Proof Strain.

ctts. lbs. tons rwts.qrs.lbs. ewts. qrs. lbs* tons o\vts,qi> .lbs. owls. qrs. lbs. tons OWts.qri 4.11)8.

6 3 0 9 0 0 0 4 3 0 7 2 o mf 0 2 3 0 5 5 0 0

6 3 14 8 17 2 0 4 2 14 to 7 0 0 0 2 2 14 5 2 2 0

6 a 0 8 15 0 0 4 O «hi 0 6 17 2 0 2 2 0 5 0 0 0

6 l 14 8 12 2 0 4 1 14 6 15 0 0 2 1 14 4 17 2 0

6 l 0 8 10 0 0 4 1 0 6 12 Q *3 0 2 1 0 4 15 0 0

6 0 14 8 7 2 0 4 0 14 6 10 0 0 2 0 14 4 12 2 0

6 0 0 8 5 0 0 4 0 0 6 to 7 2 0 2 0 0 4 10 0 0

5 3 14 1 8 2 3 to / 3 3 14 6 5 1 7 1 8 14 4 7 0 21

5 3 0 8 0 2 14 3 3 0 6 3 0 14 1 3 0 4 4 1 14

5 2 14 to 7 18 1 21 3 2 14 6 0 3 21 1 2 14 4 1 2 7

5 2 0 7 16 1 0 3 2 0 5 18 3 0 1 2 0 3 18 3 0

5 1 14 7 14 0 7 3 1 14 5 16 2 to 7 1 1 14 3 15 3 21

5 1 0 7 11 3 14 3 1 0 5 14 1 14 1 1 0 3 18 0 14

5 0 14 7 9 2 21 3 0 14 5 12 0 21 1 0 14 3 10 1 7

5 0 0 7 7 2 0 3 0 0 5 10 0 0

4 3 14 7 5 0 0 2 3 14 5 to 7 2 0

Note. — The proof strain to be applied is that corresponding to the weight nearest to the actual weight of the anchor (ear stock)."

Stud Link Chain Cables.

Breaking and Tensile Strains.

l. Diameter ot Iron Common Links. 2. Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms must withstand previous to the tensile strain being applied. 3. Tensile strain to be applied to every 15 fathoms separately. 1. Diameter of Iron Common Links. 2. Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms must withstand previous to the tensile strain being applied.

Inches. Tons. Tons. Inches. Tons.

41 306£ 218* 019 254*

Hi 305 217$ 8* 251*

4 7 303* 217 249$

413 302$ 216* 4 246*

4f 301* 215* 244*

Hi 300 214* a* 241*

M 298* 213$ Iff

4* 297* 212* 3$ 236f

fa 295* 211* 234$

4_7_ 294j 210* a*

4 3 4 s 292* 291 209 207* 3* zf 228| 226*

4i 289$ 206* a* 223*

4 3 *snj 287* 206* 3* 220f

4 1 285$ 204* 218

4 1 .rff 284 202* 4 215±

4 282* 201* 3* 212*

3t* 280J 200* a* 209*

278* 198* a* 206*.

3f$ af 276* 274J 197* 195* 3 m 204T5- 20ii

m 272$ 194* ^TTT 198$

p 270 192* 029 aST 195*

Sif 267* 1®1$ 2f 192$

W 265* 189* Hi 189*

Q 23 263* 188* m I86f

261* 186* 2ff 183*

ff§ 258* 184* sr 181

3f 256* 18®i 023 178

3.

Tensile strain to be applied to every 15 fathoms separately.

Tons. !8WV 179| 17 Si 176* 174* 172$ 170* 164

167$

165*

163*

161*

159$

!57*

155f

153$

151*

fir

149 147* 145* 143$-14!* 139|, 137* 135* 133* 13l| 129* 127*

1809.

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1890

Ch. 23.

97

1. 2. Breaking strain 8# Tensile strain to be

Dlamotor of which 3 links in Oach 10 fathoms

Iron ^Common Links# must withstand previous to the tensile strain being applied to every 15 fathoms

applied# separately.

Inches. Tons. Tons.

175* '25*

m 172* 123

*F 169* '20*

2*8 2* '00* ioa| "»* "6*

160* H4*

22 157* "2*

m 153^ 1-491 109*

2A 106*

91 3 145# '04*

142* 101* 98#

m 138f 134|

2* 96*

2* 131 93f

2* 197 JL. xz/T7r 91*

2A 124 88*

2JL 120* 86r

O 6 117 83|

-©I "8 113J S' *

2A 1'0* 7ft 9 ‘°TB

2* 107-j^- W

2 ' 103*

2 10°* 97# 72

69*

04* 67*

IP x8 MA 65A 63*

127 X3TJ 85* 82. ®i#

1 13 1T0T 59*

1 25 if1 *4 79* 77# TV m

1 29 a75 74f 58$ 5lf

T?T 7l|

121 IP x8 691 49J

66* 47 5 *'T7T

119 x75 63* 45A

1 9 XT7 6'* 43!%

Diameter of Iron Common Links#

2#

Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms must withstand previous to the tensile strain being applied#

3#

Tensile strain to be applied to every 15 fathoms separately#

Inches.

*5

IJJ

1*

114

f 111 1TT5 1 A

1inr

1 9

If

'nr

1 A

F

x8

l

fir

29

F

8

1 a .TS

2 5

r

29

l l

TB

21

3$

A

1 7

2

15

75

7

ITT

Tons#

42*

40*

38*

m

35 34

a

TTT

°*TTT

31

28i 26f* 25| 24 22f 2IA 20 19

F

18

16|

ifc

is|

12*

'4

10*

iojt

n

8*

7#

6*

5#

5

4*

3*

3*

Short Link Chain Cables.

Breaking and Tensile Strains.

1. 2. 3.

Diameter of Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms Tensile strain to be

Iron Close must withstand applied to

: Links. previous to the tensile strain being applied. every 15 fathoms separately.

Inches. Tons. Tons.

it 63* 31#

60A 58* 29*

i*

IP 56* 54 28* 27

H m 1 25|

1. 2. 3.

Diameter of Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms Tensile strain to be applied to

Iron Close must withstand

Links. previous to the tensile strain being applied. every 15 fathoms separately.

Inches. Tons. Tons.

i* 49* 24*

113 }F 47*

45* 22#

*A 43* 4'* 39* 21# 20| 19f

G

Ch. 23.

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain. Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain. Weight of Anchor ex Stock. Proof Strain,

cwts. qrs. lbs. tons cwts.qrs.lbs. cwts. qrs. lbs. tons cwts.qrs.lbs. cwts. qrs. lbs. tons cwts.qrs.lbs.

6 3 0 9 0 0 0 4 3 0 7 2 2 0 2 3 0 5 5 0 0

6 2 14 8 17 2 0 4 2 14 7 0 0 0 2 2 14 5 2 2 0

6 2 0 8 15 0 0 4 2 0 6 17 2 0 2 2 0 5 0 0 0

6 1 14 8 12 2 0 4 1 14 6 15 0 0 2 1 14 4 17 2 0

6 1 0 8 io 0 0 4 1 0 6 12 2 0 2 1 0 4 15 0 0

6 0 14 8 7 2 0 4 0 14 6 10 0 0 2 0 14 4 12 2 0

6 0 0 8 5 0 0 4 0 0 6 7 2 0 2 0 0 4 10 0 0

5 3 14 8 2 3 7 3 3 14 6 5 1 7 1 3 14 4 7 0 21

5 3 0 8 0 2 14 3 3 0 6 3 0 14 1 3 0 4 4 1 14

5 2 14 7 18 1 21 3 2 14 6 0 3 21 1 2 14 4 1 2 7

5 2 0 7 16 1 0 3 2 0 5 18 3 0 1 2 0 3 18 3 0

5 1 14 7 14 0 7 3 1 14 5 16 2 7 1 1 14 15 3 21

5 1 0 7 11 3 14 3 1 0 5 14 1 14 1 1 0 3 13 0 14

5 0 14 7 9 2 21 3 0 14 5 12 0 21 1 0 14 3 10 1 7

5 0 0 7 7 2 0 3 0 0 5 10 0 0

4 3 14 1 7 5 0 0 2 3 14 5 7 2 0

J.1VXUI AUV Oiiam uc appilCU X

the actaal weight of the anchor (ex stock)

Stud Link Chain Cables.

Breaking and Tensile Strains.

gi Diameter of Iron Common Links. 2. Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms must withstand previous to the tensile strain being applied. 3. Tensile strain to he applied to every 15 fathoms separately. 1. Diameter of Iron Common Links. 2. Breaking strain which 8 links in each 15 fathoms must withstand previous to the tensile strain being applied. 3. Tensile strain to be applied to every 15 fathoms separately.

Inches. Tons. Tons. Inches. Tons. Tons.

41 306^ 218* 91 9 *>77 254* m*

415 305 217| 9 9 "T7 251* 179$

4 7 Aia 303* 302f 217 216-nr 91 7 If 249| 246* 178$ 176*

4 301* 215* 244*

4M 300 2H* 241-4, T7 172}

4* 298* 213^ 913 <*77 239$ 170*

4* 297* 212* m 236} 169$

4* 295* 211* 377 234$ 167}

4 7 *77 ill 2)0* ^A 23i* 165*

4 3 4 5 292* 291 209 207* if 228} 226* 163* 161*

41. a 289f 206* 223* 159$

4 a *77 287* 206* ^A 220} 157*

4 1 *T7 285$ 204* 3A 218 155}

4 1 284 202* H 215J 153$

4 282* 201* 3A 212* 151*

3f* 280* 200* 3A 209* 149*

278* 198* 3A 206*. 147*

% 276* 197* 3 204* 145*

4 274A ! 195* 2$$ 201$ 143$

g#i 272$ | 194* 198$ 141*

270 192* 277 195* 139f/

325 267* 265* m 189* ol fas 192# 189* 137* 135 A

928 *77 263* 188* 2* 186} 133*

*T7 921 w 261* 258* 256* 186* 184* 183* 2f4 2f m 183* 181 178 131$ 129* 127*

1899.

Anchors and Chain Cables Act, 1899

Ch. 23

97

1. 2. i 3. 1. 2, 3.

Diameter of Iron Common Links. Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms must withstand previous to the tensile strain being applied. Tensile strain to be applied to every 15 fathoms separately. Diameter of Iron Common Links. Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms must withstand previous to the tensile strain being applied. Tensile strain to be applied to every' 15 fathoms separately.

Inches. Tons. Tons. Inches. Tons. Tons.

on 175$ 125* itf 59 42*

021 P 172* 123 4 58* 40*

169J 120* 53* 55$ 38*

919 166* 163$ H8* i* 37$

2* H6* 113 if 53$ 35*

2M 160* H4* 51 34

2 157* n«A * 48$ 32*

2M 153* 149f 109* 46$ 31

* 106* 1 9 If 44$ 29*

145f 104* 42$ 28$

93. 142* fl* 98J 1 7 40 26*

Oil 133* 134J 1 9 'nr 38 25$

2* 964 ft 91$ !* 36 24

3A 4 131 127* i$ JA 34$ 32$ 22| 21*

124 88* ^nr ^Inttlao O 00. CO CM 20*

2* 120* 86$ i* 19$

9 5 ^asF 117 83$ 1 27 18

.91 8 113$ 81$ i* 25* 16$

2* no* 78* u 23* !5* 14f 13§

2* 107* 76* 29 tn? 22$

103* 74$ i 8 sof

2 100* »H 72 27 19* 19 9 ill aa8

69$ 1 3 TB 17*

34* 67* 25 16* 10*

1 29 iff ISg§| 65* 63± ]L 4 15$ ICf

ll A(? 88* 23 F2 13f 9$

127 A72 85* 82| 61$. B 1 1 nr 12§ 11$ 8* *3. *4

113 AHr 59$ 21 F

1 25 if* 79*

5'* 8 1 (j-5-ATo 7

m 55$ if Q 4 ynr S_3 5F

1 28 A3U 74$ 53* m 9 nr 8-i- 'lO

1 11 lts PS 17 7 * 5* 5

121 iF 69$ 66* 49| 4.7 £ i 3 1 5 4* 3*

1 19 ait2 63* 45* . 7 nr 5* q 4 ®nr

1 9 1T* 61* 43*

Short Link Chain Cables. Breaking and Tensile Strains.

1. 2. 3. 1. 2. 3.

Diameter of Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms Tensile strain to be Diameter of Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms Tensile strain to be

Iron Close must withstand applied to Iron Close must withstand applied to

: Links. previous to the tensile strain being applied. every 15 fathoms separately. Links. previous to the tensile strain being applied. every 15 fathoms separately.

Inches. Tons. Tons. Inches. Tons. Tons.

1$ 63$ 3l£ i* 491 24$

1-fr 60* 58i 30* 29* 113 1F 47* 45* 23* 24

117 56$ 28$ 43$ 21$ 20$

54 27 1 5 A-nr 41$

H .fiii *a4 1 25$ i 9 lTT2 39$ 19$

G

98

€e. 23, 24. 'Anchors and Chain Cdbles Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Section 20.

Application o 61 A 62 Vict. c to Eoyal Holloway College.

1. 2. 3. i. 2. 8.

Diameter of Breaking strain which 3 links in each 15 fathoms Tensile strain to be Diameter Of Breaking strain , which 3 links -in each 15 fathoms , Tensile strain .to be

Iron Close must withstand Iron Close must withstand applied to

. Links. previous to the tensile strain being applied. 15 fathoms separately. Links. . previous to the tensile strain being applied. 15'fathoms separately.

Inches. Tdns. Tons. Inches. Tons. Tons.

H 37^ 18| 23 ~$7Z 12t

fig, 11 5|

lTS 83T7T 32, l6& 16 F 10} n 4f

H 30£ 1 9 ft 4 ?iff * 2 ?

28^ i3§ 9

27 17 ‘ 6| 3f

M M A 6 3

i 24 , 12 1 5 At 2f

91 32 22| io| 9* 9s A 4 4

Tf so 21 18| I 3 r 34 14 if a8

8 11 it

27 TS 17 4 5 nr §

13 TS 159 74 * TW 0 in? : 1 9 F 4

25 F > 4 1 4

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Repeals.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 27. - The Chain Cable and Anchor Act, 1864. The whole Act,;

34 & 35 Vict. c. 101. The Chain Cable and Anchor Act, 1871. The whole Act.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 51. - The Chain Cables and Anchors Act, 1874. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 24. m

An Act to amend the University of London Act, 1898, with respect to Holloway College.

[9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section eight of the University of London. Act, 1898, shall apply to the Royal Holloway College at Egham in like manner as it applies to the South-Eastern Agricultural College at Wye,

899.

University of London Act, 1899.

Ch. 24, 25.

99

2. This Act may be cited as the University of London Act, Short title. 1899.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes. [9th August 1899.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the seventh and eighth years 1 & 8 G. 4.

of the reign of His Majesty King George the, Fourth, c- ?5-intituled " An Act to appoint Commissioners for carrying into " execution several Acts granting an aid to His Majesty by a " land tax to be raised in Great Britain, and continuing to His Majesty certain duties on personal estates, offices, and pensions " in England ":

And whereas several Acts have since been passed appointing additional Commissioners for carrying those Acts into execution:

And whereas it is expedient to appoint additional persons to put into execution the several Acts for granting an aid to Her Majesty by a land tax in Great Britain, and several other Acts for continuing or granting to Her Majesty rates and taxes:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and .consent of the Lords. Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The several and respective persons named in ,a schedule Persons signed by and deposited with the Clerk of the House of Commons shall and may be and are hereby empowered and authorised (being signed by duly qualified) , to put in execution the said Acts, and all the Clerk of clauses, powers, matters, and things whatsoever therein contained, Commons to as Commissioners in and for the several and respective counties, be additional shires, and places in England and Wales in the said schedule Commis-severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as fully and sloners-effectually as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said recited Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of 7 & 8 G. 4. the reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth; and on the c*75, passing of this Act the said schedule shall be printed in the London Gazette, which shall be sufficient evidence of such schedule for all purposes whatsoever.

2. This Act may be cited as the Land Tax Commissioners Names Short title. Act, 1899.

100

CH. 26.

Metropolitan Police Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Amendment of law as to remuneration of commissioner, &c. of metropolitan police.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Salaries and Allowances of the Commissioner, Receiver, and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police.

[9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) There shall be paid to the commissioner of police of the metropolis and to the receiver of the metropolitan police district, out of money provided by Parliament such salaries as the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury may appoint.

(2.) There shall be paid to the assistant commissioners of police of the metropolis such salaries as the Secretary of State may appoint, and those salaries shall be paid either out of money provided by Parliament, or out of the Metropolitan Police Fund, or apportioned between money provided by Parliament and the Metropolitan Police Fund in such manner as the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury may appoint. Provided that the amount to be paid out of money to be provided by Parliament shall not exceed the sum of one thousand two hundred pounds in any one year.

(3.) This Act shall not, except so far as it relates to the funds from which salaries are payable, apply to any existing officer who within one month from the passing of this Act, signifies in writing to the Secretary of State his desire to continue to receive the salary and allowances of which he was in receipt on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine in lieu of the salary appointed under this Act, and shall not affect any salary payable to any existing officer as registrar of anthropometric measurements.

(4.) Subject to the foregoing provisions as to existing officers, the enactments specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

(5.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of October, eighteen hundred and ninety-nine.

2. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Act, 1899, and may be cited with the Metropolitan Pol'ce Act1', 1829 to 1895.

Short title.

1899.

Metropolitan Police Act, 1899.

Ch. 26, 27.

101

SCHEDULE. Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71. - The Metropolitan Police Oonrts Act, 1839. Section nine.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 2. - The Metropolitan Police Act, 1856. Section three.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 39. - The Metropolitan Police (Receiver) Act, 1867. Section two.

31 & 32 Vict. o. 67. - The Police Bate Act, 1868 - Section three.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 17. - The Metropolitan Police Act, 1884. The proviso to section two. Sab-section one of section three.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to remove doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and Aj with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. No marriage solemnised, or to be hereafter solemnised, in any church in England or in Ireland, after publication of banns in such church, shall be or be deemed to have been invalid by reason only that one of the parties to such marriage was in the case of a marriage in England resident in Ireland, or in the case of a marriage in Ireland resident in England, and that banns may have been published in any church of the parish or place in which such party was resident, according to the law or custom there prevailing, and not in the manner required for the publication of banns in the part of the United Kingdom in which the marriage has been solemnised.

2. This Act may be cited as the Marriages Validity Act, 1899.

Validation of certain marriages.

Short title.

102

Ch. 28, 29.

Manchester Ganonries Act,' 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Application of proceeds of sale of canons' houses.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 41.

Short title.

41 & 42 Vict. o. 14.

Short title.

Amendment of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 14. s. 5.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend section twenty of the Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Notwithstanding anything in section twenty of the Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850, the proceeds of sale of the houses of residence of the canons of Manchester Cathedral shall be so applied that not more than two hundred and fifty pounds a year shall be paid out of those proceeds to each canon, and that the residue of the proceeds shall be devoted to such purposes connected with the service and ministrations of the cathedral, and not for the personal use or benefit of the dean or any of the canons, as the dean and canons may determine.

Provided that nothing in this section shall operate to reduce the income of any person who is a canon at the passing of this Act except with his consent.

2. This Act may be cited as the Manchester Canonries Act, 1899.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to amend the Baths and Washhouses Acts.

[9th August 1899.]

\\7HEB.EAS it is expedient to amend the provisions of the ' * Baths and Washhouses Act, 1878, with respect to the use which may be made of baths provided under the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1896:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Baths and Washhouses Act, 1899, and this Act and the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1896, may be cited together for all purposes as the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1899.

2. From and after the passing of this Act the following proviso to section five of the Baths and Washhouses Act, 1878, viz., —

"Provided always, that no covered or open swimming bath, when closed, may be used for music or dancing," shall be repealed.

Provided always —

(a.) That the commissioners appointed under the Baths and Washhouses Acts, 1846 to 1899, or any other body for the

1899.

Baths and Washhouses Act, 1899.

Ch. 29, 30.

103

time being acting in the execution o£ those Acts, which commissioners or other body are herein-after referred to as " such commissioners,", shall, before any such bath is used for music or dancing, obtain such licence as may be required for the use of a place for that purpose under any enactment in force in the area for which such commissioners-act, or, if no such enactment is in force, obtains a licence from the county council of the county in which the district of such commissioners is situate:

(b,) That no portion of the premises in respect of which the licence is granted be let otherwise than occasionally to any person or persons, corporate or otherwise, and that no money for admission be taken at the doors:

(c.) That such commissioners be responsible for any breach of the conditions on which the licence is granted, which may occur during any entertainment given on such premises by their permission,

3. In places in which the Disorderly Houses Act, 17-51, is in Licence by force, a licence under that Act for music or dancing, or for both ^g-co C2Uncil‘ purposes, may be granted to such commissioners at any annual c> 36. licensing meeting of the council authorised to grant such a licence,

or at any other meeting of such council duly convened with fourteen days previous notice.

4. This Act shall not apply to the administrative county of Extent of Act. London.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and the Law relating to Commons and Open Spaces.

[9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Regulation op Commons.

1. — (1.) The council of an urban or rural district may make a Power for scheme for the regulation and management of any common within district their district with a view to the expenditure of money on the maketcheme drainage, levelling, and improvement of the common, and to the for regulation making of byelaws and regulations for the prevention of nuisances of common, and the preservation of order on the common.

I (2.) The scheme may contain any of the statutory provisions for 39 & 40 Vict. the benefit of the neighbourhood mentioned in section seven of the c- 56. Commons Act, 1876.

104

Commons Act, 1899.

62 & 63‘Vict.

Ch. 30.

(3.) The scheme shall be in the prescribed form, and shall identify by reference to a plan the common to be thereby regulated, and for this purpose an ordnance survey map shall, if possible, be used.

2. — (1.) Not less than three months before the making of a scheme under this Part of this Act the council shall give the prescribed notice of their intention to make it, and shall state thereby where copies of the draft of the scheme may be obtained, and where the plan therein referred to may be inspected.. They shall also send to the Board of Agriculture as soon as possible a copy of the draft and plan.

(2.) During the three months aforesaid any person may obtain copies of the draft on payment of a sum not exceeding sixpence per copy, and may inspect the plan at the prescribed place, and may make in writing to the Board of Agriculture any objection or suggestion with respect to the scheme or plan.

(3.) After the expiration of the said three months the Board of Agriculture shall take into consideration any objections or suggestions so made, and for that purpose may, if they think fit, direct that an inquiry be held by an officer of the Board.

(4.) The Board of Agriculture may by order approve of the scheme, subject to such modifications, if any, as they may think desirable, and thereupon the scheme shall have full effect.

Provided that if, at any time before the Board have approved of the scheme, they receive a written notice of dissent either —

(a) from the person entitled as lord of the manor or otherwise to the soil of the common; or

(б) from persons representing at least one-third in value of such interests in the common as are affected by the scheme,

and such notice is not subsequently withdrawn, the Board shall not proceed further in the matter.

Management 3. The management of any common regulated by a scheme ^e*ulated made by a district council under this Part of this Act shall be

common. , is , .

vested m the district council.

Provision for 4. A rural district council may delegate to a parish council any delegation of powers of management conferred by this Part of this Act on the

powers ot * t o 9 9 f

district district council in relation to any commons within the parish, and

council to thereupon the Public Health Acts shall apply as if the parish

council council were a parochial committee.

Power for 5. A parish council may agree to contribute the whole or any

parish council portion of the expenses of and incidental to the preparation and to expenses6 execution of a scheme for the regulation and management of any common within their parish (including any compensation paid 56 & 57 Vict. under this Act), and the provisions of section eleven of the Local c. 73. Government Act, 1894, shall apply to the expenses incurred by the

parish council for the purposes of such contribution.

Provision for 6. No estate, interest, or right of a profitable or beneficial nature compensation. iD; over, or affecting any common shall, except with the consent of the person entitled thereto, be taken away or injuriously affected

Procedure for making scheme.

1899.

Commons Act, 1899.

CH: 30.

105

by any scheme under this Part of this Act without compensation being made or provided for the same by the council making the scheme, and such compensation shall, in case of difference, be ascertained and provided in the same manner as if it were for the compulsory purchase and taking, or the injurious affecting, of lands under the Lands Clauses Acts.

7. A district council may acquire the fee simple or any estate Power for in or any rights in or over any common regulated by a scheme Strict under this Part of this Act by gift or by purchase by agreement, acq,;re and hold the same without licence in mortmain for the purposes property in of the scheme, and the expenses thereby incurred by the district council shall be part of their expenses of executing the scheme.

8. Section twenty of the Commons Act, 1876 (which relates to Digging of the digging of gravel), shall apply to any common regulated by a |^e^0 scheme under this Part of this Act. c. 56.

9. The power to make a scheme under this Part of this Act Power to shall include power to amend or supplement any such scheme. amend scheme.

10. The provisions with respect to byelaws contained in sections Provisions as one hundred and eighty-two to one hundred and eighty-six, both to byelaws. inclusive, of the Public Health Act, 1875, and any enactment amending or extending those sections, shall apply to all byelaws made in pursuance of a scheme under this Part of this Act, and any fine imposed by any such byelaw shall be recoverable summarily and be payable to the council in whom the management of the common is vested.

All expenses incurred by the Board of Agriculture in Expenses, relation to a scheme under this Part of this Act, and all expenses of and incidental to the preparation and execution of the scheme (including any compensation paid under this Act) shall be paid by the district council.

(2.) All expenses incurred by a district council under this Part of this Act shall be treated as part of the expenses of the district council in the execution of the powers conferred by the Public Health Acts.

(3.) A district council may for the purposes of this Act borrow money in like manner and subject to the like conditions as they may borrow for defraying expenses incurred in the execution of the Public Health Acts, and the said Acts shall apply accordingly.

12. The council of any urban district may, with a view to the Power for benefit of the inhabitants of their district, and subject to the urban district approval of the Local Government Board, enter into an undertaking contribute with any other council making or having made a scheme under towards this Part of this Act to contribute any portion of the expenses expense*, incurred by that council in executing the scheme.

13. This Part of this Act shall apply to the council of a county Application borough in like manner as if that council were the council of an

Urban district.

106

Cff. 30.

Commons Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

Saving for commons regulated under other Acts.

41 & 42 Vict. c. cxxvii.

Definitions.

Surplus rents from field gardens and recreation grounds.

Amendment of SO & 51 Vict. c. 32. as to open spaces.

14. A scheme under this Part of this Act shall not apply to any common which is or might be the subject of a scheme made under the Metropolitan Commons Acts, 1866 to 1878, or is regulated by a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, or has been acquired, or managed as an open space, under the powers of the Corporation of London (Open Spaces) Act, 1878, or any Act therein referred to, or is the subject of any private or local and personal Act of Parliament having for its object the preservation of the common as an open space, or is subject to byelaws made by a parish council under section eight of the Local Government Act, 1894.

15. In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, —

The expression " common " shall include any land subject to be inclosed under the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, and any town or village green;

The expression " prescribed " shall mean prescribed by regulations made by the Board of Agriculture.

PART II.

Miscellaneous.

16. — (1.) Surplus rents arising from field gardens may, in addition to the purposes for which they are now applicable, be applied for any of the purposes for which surplus rents arising from recreation grounds may be applied.

(2.) Surplus rents arising from any field garden or recreation ground may be applied towards the redemption of any land tax, tithe rentcharge, or other charge on the garden or ground.

17. — (1.) The powers exerciseable by the district council of a rural district under section five of the Open Spaces Act, 1887, may be exercised whether the council has been invested by an order of the Local Government Board with the powers of the Open Spaces Acts, 1877 to 1890, or not.

(2.) A county council may invest a parish council with the powers of the Open Spaces Acts, 1877 to 1890, and thereupon those Acts shall apply in like manner as if the parish council were a district council, and the parish were the district thereof, except that any expenses incurred by the parish council shall be defrayed as expenses incurred under the Local Government Act, 1894, and be subject to the provisions of section eleven of that Act, and that byelaws made by a parish council need not be under common seal.

(3.) Section seven of the Open Spaces Act, 1887, shall apply to a parish council in like manner as it applies to a district council.

(4.) All the powers exerciseable by the London County Council and other local authorities under the Open Spaces Acts, 1877 to 1890, may also be exercised by the county council of any administrative county, and any expenses incurred by a county

1899.

Commons Act, 1899.

Ch. 30.

107

council under the said Acts shall be defrayed as expenses incurred

under the Local Government Act, 1888. 52 vict-

18. Any provisions with respect to allotments for recreation Power to grounds, field gardens, or other public or parochial purposes mod% contained in any Act relating to inclosure or in any award or order recreation made in pursuance thereof, and any provisions with respect to the grounds, &c. management of any such allotments contained in any such Act,

order, or award, may, on the application of any district or parish council interested in any such allotment, be dealt with by a scheme of the Charity Commissioners in the exercise of their ordinary jurisdiction, as if those provisions had been established by the founder in the case of a charity having a founder.

19. Section one hundred and fifty of the Inclosure Act, 1845, Amendment shall have effect as if " two successive weeks" were therein inserted ® * 9 vict-instead of " three successive weeks," and as if " one month " were

therein inserted instead of | three calendar months."

20. Where notice has been given of any sitting, whether Amendment original or by adjournment, to be held by an officer of the Board of °*law as to Agriculture under the Metropolitan Commons Acts, 1866 to 1878, of meetings* that officer may, by notice to be published in such manner as the

Board direct, adjourn the sitting without attending for the purpose of the adjournment.

21. Section twenty of the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, is Annual hereby repealed, and the Board of Agriculture shall include in ^portto^ an annual report to Parliament a statement of their proceedings 29 & 30 vict under Part I. of this Act and under the Metropolitan Commons c. 122.

Acts, 1866 to 1878, during the year ending the thirty-first day

of December then last past, with such particulars as to their proceedings under the last-mentioned Acts as are required by section twenty-one of the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866.

22. — (1.) A grant or inclosure of common purporting to be Restrictions

made under the general authority of any of the Acts mentioned on inclosure8 in the First Schedule hereto or any Act incorporating the same, or scheduled any provisions thereof, shall not be valid unless it is either — Acts.

(a) specially authorised by Act of Parliament; or

(b) made to or by any Government Department; or

(c) made with the consent of the Board of Agriculture.

(2.) The Board of Agriculture, in giving or withholding their consent under this section, shall have regard to the same considerations, and shall, if necessary, hold the same inquiries as are directed by the Commons Act, 1876, to be taken into consideration 39 & 40 Vict. and held by, the Board before forming an opinion whether an 56‘ application under the Inclosure Acts shall be acceded to or not.

23. The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Repeal.

Act (being enactments which either have been made unnecessary

by or are inconsistent with subsequent enactments) are hereby repealed.

108

Ch. 30.

Commons Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

Short title.

Section 22.

Section 23.

Provided that this repeal shall not affect the construction or effect of any local and personal Act of Parliament passed before the commencement of this Act, whereby any provisions of the said enactments are intended to be incorporated.

24. This Act may be cited as the Commons Act, 1899, and shall read with the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Enactments relating to Inclosures subject to restriction under

the Act.

Session and Chapter. Title or Short Title.

43 Eliz. c. 2. The Poor Relief Act, 1601.

17 Geo. 3. c. 53. The Clergy Residences^Repair Act, 1776.

51 Geo. 3. a 115. - The Gifts for Churches Act, 1811.

58 Geo. 3. c. 45. The Church Building Act, 1818.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 42. - The Poor Relief Act, 1831.

1 & 2 Will. 4. 0.59.- The Crown Lands Allotments Act, 1831.

5& 6 Will. 4. c. 69.- The Union and Parish Property Act, 1835.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 38. The Schools Sites Act, 1841.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 112.- The Literary and Scientific Institutions Act, 1854.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

9 Session and Chapter. Title or Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

29 Geo. 2. c. 36. The Inclosure Act, 1756 The whole Act.

31 Geo. 2. c. 41. The Inclosure Act, 1757 The whole Act.

41 Geo. 3. c. 109. - The Inclosure (Consolidation) Act, 1801. The whole Act.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. o. 23. - The Inclosure Act, 1821 The whole Act.

4 & 5 Will. 4. o. 30. - i The Common Fields Exchange Act, 1834. The whole Act.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 115. The Inclosure Act, 1836 The whole Act.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 31. The Inclosure Act, 1840 The whole Act.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118. - The Inclosure Act, 1845 Sections one hundred and twenty-one and one hundred and twenty-two.

1899.

Public Works Loam Act, 1899.

Ch. 31.

109

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans and for other purposes relating to Loans out of the Local Loans Fund. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by Grants for

the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely — pnbl,° work8-

(a.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan

Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole

the sum of seven million pounds.

(6.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public

Works in Ireland any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole

eight hundred thousand pounds.

(2.) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending

on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes

of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the

provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. 50 & 51 Vict.

r c. 16.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several Certain debts

local loans specified in the schedule to this Act should, to the reckoned

extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned asset9 of i0Cal

as assets of the local loans fund established under the National loans fund.

Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore the principal of the

said loans shall to that extent be written off from the assets of the

local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said

Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

3. Whereas under the Seed Supply (Ireland) Act, 1880, the Remission of Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland have advanced to the certain loans boards of guardians of the several poor law unions specified in 43^. c x. Part Two of the schedule to this Act loans of the amounts specified in the third column thereof, bearing no interest, and the boards of guardians have repaid the amounts specified in the fourth column, and it is expedient, regard being had to the circumstances of the several cases, that repayment should not be required of the debts still outstanding, amounting to a total of nine thousand three hundred and ninety-four pounds and tenpence ;

Therefore the said debts shall be extinguished and the amounts thereof shall be deemed free grants from Parliament.

4. Whereas the Public Works Loan Commissioners advanced to Remission of the Wicklow Harbour Commissioners in the years one thousand loan to eight hundred and seventy and one thousand eight hundred and ^£o°ur. seventy-one, sums amounting to six thousand pounds, bearing interest at five per centum per annum, on the security of the harbour and its revenue; and whereas under the powers conferred

no

Gh. si.

Public Works Loans, Act,.1893. 62 & 63 Vict,

44 & 45 ' Vict. C. 38.

43 & 44 Vict. C. 14.

43 & 44 Vict. C. 44.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 55.

Confirmation of Orders relating to certain loans.

Amendment of 38 & 39 Vict. c. 89. s. 5, as to time for presentation of report.

Short title.

by section six of the Public Works Loans Act, 1881, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland acquired from the Public Works Loan Commissioners, for the sum of eight thousand nine hundred and ninety-six pounds six shillings and one penny, their rights in respect, of the said advance, but have received no payment in respect of either principal or interest on the said sum; and whereas in pursuance of the Relief of Distress (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1880, and the Irish Loans Act, 1880, the Commissioners of Public Works advanced to the Harbour Commissioners a further loan of forty thousand pounds; and whereas the, Wicklow Harbour Advances Act, 1897, enabled the outstanding debt in respect of the last-mentioned loan, together with further advances to be made by the Commissioners of Public Works, to be consolidated into a debt of sixty-five thousand pounds charged upon the rates of the town of Wicklow, the grand jury cess of certain baronies, and the harbour works and revenue; and whereas the Treasury agreed, conditionally upon the acceptance by the local authorities of the terms embodied: in the last-mentioned'Act, to forego repayment of the debt outstanding, in respect of the original advance; and whereas acceptance of the said terms has now been duly signified;

Therefore the said principal debt specified in Part Three of the, schedule, to this Act (including all claim for interest in respect, thereof) shall be extinguished, and the amount thereof shall be deemed a free grant from Parliament.

5. The Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland, dated the fifteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine (save so far as the same is altered by the Order of that Board, dated the seventeenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine), and the said Order of the seventeenth day of July, which Orders determine the area , to which certain expenses are to be chargeable, being expenses in respect of certain of which loans have been made by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, are hereby declared to be valid and effectual for all purposes.

6. In section five, sub-section three, of the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, (relating to the presentation of the report of the Commissioners) the words " three months " shall be substituted for the words " two months."

7. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1899.

1^99.

Public Works Loans Act;11899;

Ch. 31.

Ill

SCHEDULE.

Loans by the Commissionebs op Public Works, Ireland. Part I.

Name of Borrower.

Act authorising Advance.

Amount

advanced.

Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

Ter. C. O'Connor -

Patrick Walsh I -Richard D. Swaine-

Morty Sullivan

E, J. Hegarty i -Edmund Murphy -

Patrick O'Reilly -

S. 31);

Philip O'Reilly Do.

Peter Caffrey DO.

Daniel Falvey : - Do.

R. O'Donnell Do'.

Jeremiah Hegarty - Do.

Alexander Hallissy Do.

Do. Do.

Dennis Kelly Do.

Timothy Crowley - Do.

Jeremiah Horgan - Do.

The Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847 (10 Vict. c. 32.).

Do.

The Labouring Classes Lodging Houses and Dwellings Act, 1866 (29 & 30 Vict. c. 44.).

The Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870 (33 & 34 Vict. c. 46.).

Do. u;

The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881

(44 & 45' Vict. c. 49. s. 19).

The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881

(44 & 45 Vict. c. 49.

£ s. d. 40 0 0

110 0 0 3,000 O .0

515 0 .0 70 0 D

250 0 0

£ s. d, 33 15 4

21 15 0 ,710 2 0

238 13 0 2 3 7

£ s. d. 6 4 8

.76 6 8 1,289 18 0

.276 7 0

.67 16 5

80 0 .0 2 9 10 i 77 10 2

50 0 0 7 1 4 42 18 8

75 0 0 2 11 8 72 8 4

300 0 0 145 10 . 4 154 9 8

100 0 0 7 19 10 92 0 2

200 0 0 26 4 8 173 15 4

125 0 0 11 19 6 113 0 6

80 0 0 34 18 0 17 15 6

95 0 0 3 12 1 91 7 11

100 0 0 26 8 3 73 11 9

U2 Ch. 31. Public Works Loans Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising .Advance. Amount advanced. Amount repaid. Amount to he written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

John Burke - - The Land Law land) Act, (44 & 45 Vict. s. 31). (Ire-1881 c. 49. £ 70 s. 0 d. 0 £ s. 5 7 d. 4 £ s. d. 64 12 8

Henry G. Henderson Do. - - 100 0 0 8 13 7 91 6 5

James Noonan - Do. - - 50 0 0 5 0 3 44 19 9

Michael Fahy - Do. - - 45 0 0 2 0 10 42 19 2

Thomas Finn - Do. - 100 0 0 4 12 0 95 8 0

J. O'Brien . Do. - - 148 0 0 9 6 9 138 13 3

Michael Connor - Do. - - 60 0 0 2 1 6 57 18 6

Bobert Walsh - Do. - - - 50 0 0 3 11 9 46 8 3

Timothy Healy - Do. - - 20 0 0 12 2 7 7 17 5

Owen McGrail - Do. - - 50 0 0 3 11 10 46 8 2

James Fox - - Do. - - 55 0 0 12 9 3 42 10 9

James Charles - Do. - - 45 0 0 8 14 3 36 5 9

William Beaty - Do. - - 236 0 0 5 2 4 230 17 8

Anthony Canavan Do. - - 80 0 0 1 17 6 78 2 6

Anthony Cawley - Do. - : - 120 0 0 20 1 4 99 18 8

John Gillespie - Do. - - 50 0 0 4 7 0 45 13 0

J. Reilly - - Do. - - - 60 0 0 5 0 0 55 0 0

Michael Gilligan - Do. - - 48 0 0 0 19 6 47 0 6

William Bourke - Do. - - 120 0 0 36 9 6 83 10 6

Ellen Flynn - Do.' - - 285 0 0 133 16 11 151 3 1

Honor Hoban - Do. - - -- 50 0 0 18 15 3 31 4 9

Michael O'Hara - Do. - - 130 0 0 45 16 7 84 3 5

Cornelius Kelly -; Do. | - 50 0 0 22 8 11 15 5 ?

1 Total 4,798 17 9

1899.

Public Works Loans Act, 1899.

Ch. 31

113

Part II.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount advanced Amount repaid. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

Belmullet Poor Law Union (Guardians of). The Seed Supply (Ireland) Act, 1880 (43 Vict. c. 1). £ 5,322 8. 0 d. 0 £ 4,214 s. 15 d. 6 £ s. d. 1,107 4 6

Caherciveen Do. - Do. 3,900 0 0 2,418 12 6 1,481 7 6

Clifden Do. - Do. - 5,275 0 0 4,759 9 0 515 11 0

Dunfanaghy Do. - Do. - 2,745 0 0 2,188 4 7 556 15 5

Glenties Do. - Do. - 3,468 0 0 2,720 0 4 747 19 8

Oughterard Do. - Do. - 4,822 0 0 4,547 7 4 274 12 8

Swineford Do. - Do. - 28,749 0 0 24,466 10 2 4,282 9 10

Westport Do. -(late Newport Union). Do. - 2,621 10 2 2,374 6 3 247 3 11

Westport Do. - Do. 7,140 0 0 6,959 3 8 180 16 4

Total - 9,394 0 10

Part III.

Name of Borrower. Acts authorising Advance. Amount advanced for redemption of Public Works Loan Board's charge. Amount repaid. Amount to be written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

Wicklow Harbour The Public Works £ s. d. 8,996 6 1 £ H cl. Nil. £ s. d. 8,996 6 1

Commissioners. (Ireland) Act, 1831 (1&2 Will. 4. c.33.), and the Public Works Loans Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 38. s. 6). *

H

112 Ch. 31. Public Works Loam Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Name of Borrower.

Act authorising .Advance.

Amount

advanced.

Amount

repaid.

Amount to be written ofi the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

John Burke - The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 31).

Henry G. Henderson Do.

Janies Noonan Do.

Michael Fahy Do. - -

Thomas Finn Do. - -

J. O'Brien - Do.

Michael Connor Do.

Robert Walsh Do. - * - -

Timothy Healy Do.

Owen McGrail Do. - -

James Fox - Do. - - -

James Charles Do.

William Beary Do. - | -

Anthony Canavan - Do. |

Anthony Cawley - i)o.

John Gillespie Do. - -

J. Reilly - Do. - - : -

Michael Gilligan - Do.

William Bourke bo. - -

Ellen Flynn - bo.' ' -

Honor Hoban bo. - . | -

Michael O'Hara Do. - ‘ -

Cornelius Kelly Do. - -

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

70 0 0 5 7 4 64 12 8

100 0 0 8 13 7 91 6 5

50 0 0 5 0 3 44 19 9

45 0 0 2 0 10 42 19 2

100 0 0 4 12 0 95 8 0

148 0 0 9 6 9 138 13 3

60 0 0 2 1 6 57 18 6

50 0 0 3 11 9 46 8 3

20 0 0 12 2 7 7 17 5

50 0 0 3 11 10 46 8 2

55 0 0 12 9 3 42 10 9

45 0 0 8 14 3 36 5 9

236 0 0 5 2 4 230 17 8

80 0 0 1 17 6 78 2 6

120 0 0 20 1 4 99 18 8.

50 0 0 4 7 0 45 13 0

60 0 0 5 0 0 55 0 0

48 0 0 0 19 6 47 0 6

120 0 0 36 9 6 83 10 6

285 0 0 138 16 11 151 3 1

50 0 0 18 15 3 31 4 9

130 0 0 45 16 7 84 3 5

50 0 0 22 8 11 : 15 5 9

1 Total 4,798 17 9

I >

1899.

Public Works Loans Act, 1899.

Ch. 31.

11$

Part II.

Name of Borrower. Act authorising Advance. Amount advanced Amount repaid. Amount to he written off the Assets of the Local Loans Fund.

Belmullet Poor Law Union (Guardians of). The Seed Supply (Ireland) Act, 1880 (43 Vict. c. 1). £ 5,322 8. 0 d. 0 £ 4,214 8. 15 d. 6 "s*b <r Qi P-

Cahereiveen Do. - Do. - 3,900 0 0 2,418 12 6 1,481 7 6

Clifden Do. - Do. - 5,275 0 0 4,759 9 0 515 11 0

Dunfanaghy Do. - Do. - 2,745 0 0 2,188 4 7 556 15 5

Glenties Do. - Do. - 3,468 0 0 2,720 0 4 747 19 8

Oughterard Do. - Do. - 4,822 0 0 4,547 7 4 274 12 8

Swineford Do. - Do. - 28,749 0 0 24,466 10 2 4,282 9 10

Westport Do. -(late Newport Union). Do. - 2,621 10 2 2,374 6 3 247 3 11

Westport Do. - Do. - 7,140 0 0 6,959 3 8 180 16 4

Total 9,394 0 10

Part III.

Name of Borrower. Acts authorising A dvance. Amount advanced for redemption of Public Works Loan Board's charge. Amount repaid. Amount to be written ofi the Assets-of the Local Loans-Fund.

Wicklow Harbour The Public Works £ s. d.~ 8,996 6 I £ s. d. Nil. CO ° CO p s CO

Commissioners. (Ireland) Act, 1831 (1& 2 Will. 4. c.33.), and the Public Works Loans Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 38. s. 6).

H

114

Ch. 31, 32.

Public Works Loans Act, 1899. G2 & 6.3 Vict..

Power to school authority to

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Part IY.

Loans to Fishermen under the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act 1886 (50 & 51 Vict. c. 29.)

District.

Amount

advanced.

Amount repaid and realised by Sale of Boats.

Amount to be written ofi the Assets o£-the Local Loans Fund.

Barra - - Donald Mclnnes Duncan McDonald John Mclnnes Donald Mclnnes, junr.

Cromarty - John McIntosh John McIntosh, junr. -John Mitchell Thomas Fraser -

Loch Broom - Roderick McKay Hugh Gunn - - -George McKay -William McIntosh

Stornoway - Alexander McRae, senr.' Kenneth Campbell Alexander McRae, junr. Angus McSween -John McKay Donald McSween Roderick McSween Norman Morrison

Wick

- John Grant

105 0 0 44 19 11

Total

£ s. d. 1 13 3

£ s. d. £ s. d.

61 0 0 59 6 9

65 0 0 36 13 10

252 0 0 ! 207 0 11 44 19 1

124 10 0 102 0 9

60 0 1

137 12 10

* 19/. 15s. already written off under the Public Works Loans Act, 1897

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to make better provision for the Elementary Education of Defective and Epileptic Children in England and "Wales, [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) A school authority, as defined by the Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1898, may, with the

1899.

Elementary Education (Defective and Epileptic Children) Act, 1899.

Ch. 32.

115

approval of the Education Department, make such arrangements determine what as they think fit for ascertaining — defective*<»

(a) what children in their district, not being imbecile, and not epileptic, being merely dull or backward, are defective, that is to say, 56 * 57 Vict-what children by reason of mental or physical defect are c' incapable of receiving proper benefit from the instruction in

the ordinary public elementary schools, but are not incapable by reason of such defect of receiving benefit from instruction in such special classes or schools as are in this Act mentioned; and

(b) what children in their district are epileptic children, that is to say, what children, not being idiots or imbeciles, are unfit by reason of severe epilepsy to attend the ordinary public elementary schools.

(2.) The school authority, in making their arrangements under this section, shall provide facilities for enabling any parent, who is of opinion that his child ought to be dealt with under this Act, to present such child to the school authority to be examined, although he may not have been required so to do by that authority; and any school authority failing to provide such facilities shall be deemed to have acted in contravention of this Act.

(3.) For the purpose of ascertaining whether a child is defective or epileptic within the meaning of this section, a certificate to that effect by a duly qualified practitioner approved by. the Education Department shall be required in each case. The certificate shall be in such form as may be prescribed by the Education Department.

(4.) For the purpose of the exercise of the powers conferred by this section, it shall be the duty of the parent of any child who may be required by the school authority to be examined to cause the child to attend such examination, and any parent who fails to comply with such requirement shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

2. — (1.) Where a school authority have ascertained that there Power to are in their district defective children, they may make provision Provi<i? for for the education of such children by all or any of the following defective1 and means: — epileptic

(a) , by classes in public elementary schools certified by the ciLildreu-Education Department as special classes; or

(b) by boarding out, subject to the regulations of the Education Department, any such child in a house conveniently near to a certified special class or school; or

(c) by establishing schools, certified by the Education Department, for defective children.

(2.) Where a school authority have ascertained that there are in their district epileptic children, they may make provision for the education of such children by establishing schools, certified by the Education Department, for epileptic children.

(3.) The power conferred by this section shall include power to establish or acquire and to maintain certified schools, and to

ne

Provision of guides or conveyances.

Obligation of parent as to defective and epileptic children.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 79.

Conditions and effect of grant of certificate to school for defective or epileptic children.

Ch. 32. Elemental'y Education (Defective and G2 & 63 Vict,

Epileptic Children) Act, 1899.

contribute, on such terms and to such extent as may be approved by the Education Department, towards the establishment, enlargement, or alteration, and towards the maintenance of certified schools.

(4.) A school authority may in respect of children resident in or whose permanent home is in their district and attending certified special classes or schools in the district of another school authority, contribute to that other authority the proportionate cost of the; provision and maintenance of such special classes or schools.

(5.) The school authority, acting under this section, shall make; provision for the examination from time to time of any child dealt with under this section, in order to ascertain whether such child has attained such a mental and physical condition as to be fit to attend the ordinary classes of public elementary schools; and the school authority shall make provision for such examination in the case of any child whose parent claims such examination of his child, provided that the parent shall not make such claim within less than six months after his child ha3 been examined; and any school authority failing to make such provision as this sub-section requires shall be deemed to have acted in contravention of this Act.

(6.) The Education Department shall not certify any establishment established after the commencement of this Act for boarding and lodging more than fifteen defective or epileptic children in one building or comprising more than four such buildings.

3. A school authority may provide guides or conveyances for children who, in the opinion of the school authority, are by reason of any physical or mental defect, unable to attend school without guides or conveyances.

4. — (1.) The duty of a parent under section four of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, to provide elementary instruction for his child shall, in the case of a defective or epileptic child over seven years of age in any place where a certified special class or school is within reach of the child's residence, include the duty to cause the child to attend such a class or school, and a parent shall not be excused from this duty by reason only that a guide or conveyance for the child is necessary.

(2.) In the case of an epileptic child whose age exceeds seven years, the school authority may, if they think fit, apply to a court of summary jurisdiction for an order requiring the child to be sent to a certified school for epileptics, and if any parent fails to comply with the order, he shall be deemed to have failed to perform the duty prescribed by section four of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, and maybe proceeded against accordingly.

5. The provisions of section seven of the Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893, respecting the conditions and effect of the grant of certificates to schools for blind or deaf children _shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to schools for defective or epileptic children established or proposed to be

1899.

\Elementary Education (Defective and Ch. 32. n1?

Epileptic Children) Act, 1899.

established under this Act, except that no requirement need be made as to the proportion of the expenses to be defrayed out of private sources.

6. The provisions of section five of the Elementary Education Powers and

(Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893 (relating to the powers and expenses expenses of a school authority under that Act), shall apply, with authority, the necessary modifications, to school authorities acting under 56 & 57 Vict. this Act. C- 42,

Provided that a parish in which there is a school board shall be exempt from contributing to the expenses incurred by any district council acting as a school authority under this Act, and where a school authority are an urban district council their expenses as such authority shall be paid out of the fund to be raised in the area for which they are a school authority in the same manner as the fund out of which their general expenses are payable is raised in the urban district.

7. Nothing in any Act of Parliament shall prevent the Education Grants from Department from giving aid from the parliamentary grant to a ^b°d"one5r school in respect of education given to defective or epileptic education of children to such amount and on such conditions as may be directed defective and by or in pursuance of the minutes of the Education Department in

force for the time being.

8. — (1.) The parent of a defective or epileptic child shall be Contribution liable to contribute towards the expenses of the child incurred by parent-

a school authority under this Act in like manner and to the like extent as the parent of a blind or deaf child is liable to contribute under section nine of the Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893, and the provisions of that section shall apply accordingly.

(2.) The parent of a defective or epileptic child shall not, by reason of any payment made under this Act in respect of the child, be deprived of any franchise, right, or privilege, or be subject to any disability or disqualification.

(3.) Payments under this Act shall not be made on condition of a child attending any certified school other than such as may be reasonably selected by the parent, nor refused because the child attends or does not attend any particular certified school.

9. The board of guardians of any poor law union may contribute Contribution such of the expenses of providing, enlarging, or maintaining any b7 g>««diaus certified special class or school under this Act as are certified by 0 the poor‘ the Education Department to have been incurred wholly or partly

in respect of scholars taught at the class or school who are either resident in a workhouse or in an institution to which they have been sent by the guardians from a workhouse or boarded out by the guardians.

10. Nothing in this Act shall be construed as imposing a duty Limitation

on a school authority to receive in a special class or school school*^ established by them any child — authority.

(a) who is resident in, or whose permanent home in their opinion is in, the district of another school authority; or

118

Ch. 32, 33. Elementary Education (Defective and 02 & 63 Vict. Epileptic Children) Act, 1899.

Period of education for defective and epileptic children.

Religious

instruction.

56, & 57 Vict. c. 42.

Report to Parliament.

Interpretation of terms.

Short title.

(b) who is resident in a workhouse, on in any institution to which he has been sent by the guardians, from a workhouse, or boarded out by the guardians, unless that other school authority or, as the case may be, the guardians are willing to contribute, towards the expenses of the education and maintenance of the child such sum as may be agreed on between the authorities concerned.

11. For the purposes of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1893, and of this Act, a defective or epileptic boy or girl shall be deemed to be a child until the age of sixteen years, and the period of compulsory education shall, in the case of such a child, extend to sixteen years, and the attendance of such a child at school may be enforced as if it were required by byelaws made under the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to .1893, and any such child shall not, in accordance with such byelaws, be entitled to total or partial exemption from the obligation to attend school.

12. The provisions regulating religious instruction in certified ' schools for defective and epileptic children shall be the same ns those enacted by section eight of the Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893.

13. Every school authority shall make to the Education Department such returns as the Department may require; and the Department shall annually lay before both Houses of Parliament a report of their proceedings under this Act during the preceding year, and in that report shall give lists of the schools and classes to which they have granted of refused certificates under this Act during the year*, with their reasons for each such refusal.

14. In this Act — 7

The expression " school " includes, any institution in which defective or epileptic children are boarded or lodged as well as taught, and any establishment for boarding or lodging children taught in a certified special .class or school:

Other expressions have, unless the contrary intention appears, the same meaning as in the Elementary Education (Blind and Deaf Children) Act, 1893.

15. This Act may be . cited as the .Elementary Education (Defective and Epileptic Children)..Act, 1899, unci, may be cited with the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 189ft.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to. provide for the Establishment of a Board of Education for England and Wales, and for matters connected therewith. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by - the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and ' with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

899.

Board of Education Act, IS 99.

Cu. S3.

119

There shall be established a Board of Education charged Establishment with the superintendence of matters relating to education in England and Wales.

(2.) The Board shall consist of a President, and of the Lord President of the Council (unless he is appointed President of the Board), Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Treasury, and the Chancellor of Her Majesty's Exchequer.

(3.) The existing Vice-President of the Committee of the Privy Council on Education shall also be a member of the. Board, but on the next vacancy in his office the office .shall be abolished, and the .enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act shall be repealed.

(4.) The . President of the Board shall be appointed by Her Majesty, and shall hold (office during Her Majesty's pleasure.

(5.) The Board shall be deemed to be established on the appointment of the President thereof.

2. - — (1.) .The Board of Education shall take the place of the Duties and Education Department (including the Department of Science and

Art), and ail enactments and documents shall be construed Education, accordingly. ;

(2.) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council, from time to time, by J Order, to transfer to, or make exerciseable by, the Board of Education any of the powers of. the. Charity Commissioners or of the Board of Agriculture in matters appearing to Her Majesty to relate to education, and, the Order may make, such provision as appears necessary for applying to the exercise of those powers by the Board of Education the, enactments relating to the Charity Commissioners or to the Board of Agriculture.

Provided that any question as to whether an endowment or any part of an endowment is held for or ought to be applied to educational purposes shall be determined by the; Charity Commissioners.

3. — -(!.). The Board of Education may by their officers, or, after inspection of taking the advice of the .Consultative Committee herein-after g®£°ufary mentioned, by any University or other organisation, inspect ,any 8C 00 s' school supplying secondary education and desiring to be so inspected,

for the purpose of ascertaining the character of the teaching in the

school and the nature of the . provisions made for the teaching and

health of the scholars, and may so inspect the school on such terms

as may be. fixed; by the Board. of Education with the consent of

the Treasury.: Provided that the inspection of schools established

by scheme under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889, 52&53V;ct.

shall, subject .to. regulations made, by the Treasury under section c-40-

nine of that Act, be conducted as heretofore by the Central Welsh

Board for Intermediate Education, and that the said Board shall

be ,-recogriised as the proper organisation for the inspection of

any such schools as may be desirous of inspection under this

section.

120 Ch. 33. Board of Education Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict,

(2.) The council of any county or county borough may out of any money applicable for the purposes of technical education pay or contribute to the expenses of inspecting under this section any school within their county or borough.

Consultative 4. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council, by Order, to Committee. establish a Consultative Committee consisting, as to not less than two-thirds, of persons qualified to represent the views of Universities and other bodies interested in education, for the purpose of —

(a) framing, with the approval of the Board of Education, regulations for a register of teachers, which shall be formed and kept in manner to be provided by Order in Council: Provided that the register so formed shall contain the names of the registered teachers arranged in alphabetical order, with an entry in respect to each teacher showing the date of his registration, and giving a brief record of his qualifications and experience; and

(б) advising the Board of Education on any matter referred to the committee by the Board.

Orders to be 5. The draft of any Order proposed to be made under this Act sfiaB be laid before each House of Parliament for not less than four weeks during which that House is sitting, before it is submitted to Her Majesty in Council.

Staff, re- g — n \ Board of Education may appoint such secretaries,

numeration ' ' v x i # *

and expenses, officers and servants as the Board may, with the sanction of the Treasury, determine.

(2.) There shall be paid, out of moneys provided by Parliament, to the President of the Board, unless he holds another salaried office, such annual salary not exceeding two thousand pounds, and to the secretaries, officers and servants of the Board such salaries or remuneration, as the Treasury may determine.

Style, seal and 7. — (1.) The Board of Education may sue and be sued and may

proceedings of for all purposes be described by that name.

-Education. (2.) The Board shall have an official seal, which shall be officially and judicially noticed, and that seal shall be authenticated by the signature of the President or some member of the Board, or of a -secretary, or of some person authorised by the President or some member of the Board to act on behalf of a secretary.

(3.) Every document purporting to be an instrument issued by the Board of Education, and to be sealed with the seal of the Board, authenticated in manner provided by this Act, or to be signed by a secretary or any person authorised by the President or some member of the Board to act on behalf of a secretary, shall be received in evidence, and be deemed to be such an instrument without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(4.) A certificate signed by the President or any member of the Board, of Education that any instrument purporting to be made or issued by the President or some member of the Board is so made or issued shall be conclusive evidence of the fact.

1899.

Board of Education Act, 1899.

Ch. 33, 34.

121

The office of President of the Board of Education shall Power for not render the person holding it incapable of being elected to, or President or of voting in, the Commons House of Parliament, and shall be i^parliament!1 deemed to be an office included in Schedule H. of the Representation 30 & 31 Vict. of the People Act, 1867; in Schedule H. of the Representation of 1°2- .

the People (Scotland) Act, 1868; in Schedule E. of the Repre- c 48 IC'

sentation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868; and in Part I. of the 31 & 32 Vict. schedule of the Promissory Oaths Act, 1868. stfc'sB Vict

(2.) After the abolition of the office of the Vice-President of the c. 72. Committee of the Privy Council on Education, one of the secretaries of the Board of Education shall not by reason of his office be incapable of being elected to or of voting in the Commons House of Parliament.

9. — (1.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Extent, com-

(2.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of April ^f^ghort'title. one thousand nine hundred.

(3.) This Act may be cited as the Board of Education Act, 1899.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

19 & 20 Vict. o. 116. The Education. Department Act, 1856. The whole Act.

21 & 22 Vict. o. 97. - The Public Health Act, 1858. In section seven the words " the Vice-President of " the Committee of the " said Privy Council on " Education being one " of them."

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

P9th. August 1899.]

"YY WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in Part I. of the schedule to ' this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine:

And whereas the Act mentioned in Part II. of the schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

122

Ch. 34. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Continuance of Acts in schedule.'

Short title.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent o£ the Lords* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in Parti, of the schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column thi^e of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

i ,(2.) The Act mentioned. in Part II. of the schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(3.) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall,-in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1899.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

1. Session and Chapter. 2. Short Title. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(1)

5 & 6 Win. 4. The Linen Manufactures The whole Act 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91.

c. 27. (Ireland) Act, 1835,.. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

(2.) The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. The whole Act.

(3.)

4 & 5 Vict. The Ordnance Survey The whole Act 33 Vict. c. 13.

c. 30. Act, 1841. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 30.

(40

10 & 11 Vict. The Ecclesiastical Juris- As to the provisions —

c. 98. diction Act, 1847. continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

(5.)

14 & 15 Vict. The Episcopal and Capi- The whole Act * - 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

c. 104. tular Estates Act, 1851. 21 & 22 Vict. c. -94. 2g & 23; Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. 8. 10.

(6.)

17 & 18 Vict. The Corrupt Practices So much as "is con- 26 & 27 - Vict; c. 29.

c. 102. Prevention Act, 1854. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Preven- tion Act, 1883. S': 6. ( 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict. C. 51. 1

1899,

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1899,

Ch. 34.

1. Session and Chapter. 2. Short Title. 3. How far continued. i 4.1 1 Amending Acts. J

(7.) The whole Act.

2& & 24 Vict. C. 19. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1860.

(8.) As to the appoint- 49 & 50 Vict. c. 39.

24 & 25 Vict. The Salmon Fishery Act,

c. 109. 1861. ment of inspectors, 8.31. 8. 3. ..1 55 & 56 Vict. c. 50.

(9.) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. The Promissory Notes Act, 1863. The whole Act -

(10.)

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act.

(11.) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

23 & 29 Vict. c. 46. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act

(12.)

28 & 29 Vict. The Locomotives Act, The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict. c. 58.

c. 83. 1865. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 36. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 29.

(13.)

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52. The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. The whole Act.

(14.)

31 & 32 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- So much as is cOn- 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75.

c. 125. tions Act, 1868. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(15.) The whole Act

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. 34 & 35 Vict. o. 61.

(16.) The whole Act

33 & 34 Vict. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100.

c. 112. Act, 1870. 49 Vict. e. 6.

(17.) The whole Act.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871.' '

(18.)

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. The Ballot Act, 1872 The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections).

(19.) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

38 & 39 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act

c. 84. tions (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. s. 32. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

(20.) 57 & 58 Vict. c. 49.

89 & 40 Vict. The Jurors Qualification The whole Act

c. 21. (Ireland) Act, 1876. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37.

s. 69.

122

Ch. 34. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Continuance of Acts in schedule.'

Short title.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal^ and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in Parti, of the schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column th^ge of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

, (2.) The Act mentioned, in Part II. of the schedule to this Act .shall, to the extent specified in column three of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(3.) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall,- in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1899.

SCHEDULE.

Pabt I.

1. Session and Chapter. 2. Short Title. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(1)

5 & 6 Will. 4. The Linen Manufactures The whole Act 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91.

c. 27. (Ireland) Act, 1835,.. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

(2.)

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act.

(3.) 33 Vict. c. 13.

4 & 5 Vict. The Ordnance Survey The whole Act

c. 30. (4.) Act, 1841. . ;.‘l i.i 1 k. '. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 80.

10 & 11 Vict. The Ecclesiastical Juris- As to the provisions —

c. 98. diction Act, 1847. continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

(.5.) 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

14 & 15 Vict. The Episcopal and Capi- The whole Act ‘ -

c. 104. tular Estates Act, 1851. 21 & 22 Vict. C.-94. 2$.& 23, Vict. c. 46. 23 Si 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. C. 114. s. 10.

(6.)

17 & 18 Vict. The Corrupt Practices So much as "is con- 26 & 27 Vict. C. 29.

c. 102. Prevention Act, 1854. tinued- by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. S, 6. ( 31 &32 vict. 1125. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. U&

1899.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1899,

Ch. 34,

123

1.' Session and Chapter. 2. Short Title. 3. How far continued. 4. - I Amending Acts. J

(7.) The whole Act.

23 &' 24 Vict. c. 19. ' The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1860.

(8.) As to the appoint-

24 & 25 Vict. The Salmon Fishery Act, 49 & 50 Vict. c. 39.

c. 109. 1861. ment of inspectors, s. 31. s. 3. 55 3s 56 Vict. c. 50.

(9.) The whole Act -

26 3s 27 Vict. c. 105. The Promissory Notes Act, 1863. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

(10.)

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act.

(11.)

28 & 29 Vict. The Militia (Ballot Sus- The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

c. 46. pension) Act, 1865.

(12.)

28 & 29 Vict. . The Locomotives Act, The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict. c. 58.

c. 83. 1865. 41 & 42 Vict. C. 77. (Part II.) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 36. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 29.

(13.) The whole Act.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52. The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. '

(14.)

31 & 32 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- So much as is con- 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75.

C. 125. tions Act, 1868. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(15.) The whole Act

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. 34 3s 35 Vict. c. 61.

(16.) The whole Act

33 3s 34 Vict. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100.

c. 112. Act, 1870. 49 Vict. c. 6.

(17.) 1 The whole Act.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. '

(18.) The whole Act

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. The Ballot Act, 1872 45 3s 46 Vict. o. 50. (Municipal Elections).

(19.) The whole Act

38 & 39 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- 46 3s 47 Vict. c. 51.

c. 84. tions (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. s. 32. 48 3s 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 3s 50 Vict. c. 57.

(20.) The whole Act

39 & 40 Vict. The Jurors Qualification 57 3s 58 Vict. c. 49.

c. 21. (Ireland) Act, 1876. 61 3s 62 Vict. c. 37.

s. 69.

124,

Ch. 34. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict

1. Session and Chapter. 2, Short Title, 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts,

(21.) it & 42 Vict c. 41. The Parliamentary Elections, Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict. o. 62 49 & 50 Vict. c. 58 54 & 55 Vict. c. 4a"

(22.) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 72. The Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, 1878. The whole Act.

(23.) 43 Vict. c. 18. The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1380. The whole Act 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(24.) 43 & 44 Vict. c. 42. The Employers' Liability Act, 1880. The whole Act. —

(25.) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 5. The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1881. The whole Act 49 & 50 Vict. c. 24. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 20.

(26.) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. The whole Act 58 & 59 Vict c. 40.

(27.) 47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. The whole Act 56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

(28.) 49 & 50 Vict. C. 29. The Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886. As to the powers of the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 24. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 63. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 41.

(29.) 51 & 52 Vict. c. 55. The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888. The whole Act. —

(30.) 52 & 53 Vict. C. 40. The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889. As to the powers of the joint education committee and the suspension .of the powers of the Charity Commissioners. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

(31.) 58 & 59 Vict. c. 21. The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1895. The whole Act.

(32.) 59 Vict. c. 1. 1 The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. The whole Act.

1899.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1899. Ch. 34, 35, 3d.

125

Part II.

1. 2. 3. 4.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. How far continued. Amending Acts.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56. The Endowed Schools Act, 1869. As to the powers of making schemes and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners. j 36 & 37 Vict c. 87. 87 & 38 Vict. c. 87. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 40.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend the Inebriates Act, 1898.

[9th August 1899.}

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The expenses of any prosecution on indictment under section two of the Inebriates Act, 1898, shall be payable as in cases of indictment for felony, and where any case under that section is dealt with summarily the expenses of the prosecution shall be payable in manner provided by section twenty-eight of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, or, in Ireland, by section fourteen of the Criminal Justice Act, 1855.

2. Where by any regulations made in pursuance of section six of the Inebriates Act, 1898, a breach of the regulations is made punishable by fine or imprisonment, the breach shall be an offence which may be prosecuted summarily.

3. This Act may be cited as the Inebriates Act, 1899, and the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1898, and this Act may be cited together as the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1899.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to authorise certain Public Loans to certain Colonies or Places. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Expenses of

prosecution

under

61 & 62 Vict. c. 60. s. 2.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 126.

Power to deal summarily with offences under

61 & 62 Vict. c. 60. s. 6. Short title.

126

Ch. 36.

Colonial Loans Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

Power to make advances to certain colonies and places.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16.

Security for loan.

1. — (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act the Treasury may advance by way of loan to the Governments of the colonies and places mentioned in the first column of the schedule to this Act, for the purposes specified in the second column of that schedule, any sums not exceeding in the whole as respects each purpose the amount set opposite thereto in the third column of that schedule.

(2.) The advances authorised by this Act shall be local loans within the meaning of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, and that Act shall apply accordingly.

(3.) Every such advance shall bear interest at such rate (not less than two and three, quarters per cent, per annum) as the Treasury and the Secretary of State may, having regard to the purposes thereof, fix as being sufficient to enable it to be made without loss to the Local Loans Fund, and shall be repaid within such period (not exceeding fifty years from the date thereof) as the Treasury and the Secretary of State determine in each case, and either by means of equal instalments of principal, or by means of an annuity of principal and interest combined as may be similarly determined.

2. — (1.) An advance shall not.be made in pursuance of this Act until the legislative authority of the colony or place to the Government of which the advance is to be made have provided to the satisfaction of the Treasury and the Secretary of State —

(a) for raising and appropriating and duly applying the loan;

(b) for charging on the general revenues and assets of the colony, with priority over any subsequent charges, the principal of the loan; and

(c) for so charging and also for remitting to the Treasury in such manner as the Treasury determine —

(i.) such yearly or half yearly payments on account of the interest on, and the repayment of the principal of, the loan as the Treasury fix.; and (ii.) interest at such rate as the Treasury fix on any such payment in arrear; and

(d.) for raising or securing the raising of sufficient revenue to meet the above charges.

(2.) Every Act or ordinance of the legislative authority of the colony or place which in any way impairs the validity or priority of any such charge or diminishes the revenue to be raised as above mentioned shall, so far as it impairs or diminishes the same, be void, unless the consent of the Treasury and the Secretary of State has been previously obtained.

3. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Loans Act, 1899.

Short title.

1899. Colonial Lozns Act, 1899. Cu. 36,37. 127

SCHEDULE.

1st column. 2nd column. 3rd column.

Maximum

Name of Colony or Place. Purposes of Loan. Amount to be advanced.

Gold Coast Railways - 1 - - 578,000

Accra Harbour Works r 98,000

Niger Coast Protectorate Harbour Works - - - 43,500

Jamaica - i - Public Works - - - 1)5,000

In aid of Revenue - ' 150,000

Completion and equipment of railway 110,000

Interest on Railway Debentures 88,000

Waterworks - 40,000

Lagos - Railways - - - ' 792,500

Sierra Leone- - - Railway - -1 Miw * 810,000

Trinidad - Railways and Public Works - 110,000

Malay States - Railways - - . - 500,000

Barbados ' - Hurricane Loan - 50,000

St. Vincent Hurricane Loan - - 50,000

Seychelles 1 Roads and Survey - ! 20,000

Cyprus - Harbour and Railways and Irrigation 314,000

Mauritius - Public Works - 32,820

r ... rfA i , .. ..... , . £3,351,820

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend Section One of the Poor Law Act, 1889, and Section Pour of th.e Pauper Inmates Discharge and Regulation Act, 1871. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,' and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority' of the same, as follows:

1. For subjections one, two, and four of section one of the Poor Control of Law AcV'1889 (which sub-sections are hereby repealed), shall be &uardiau,s

n «/ j. oyer orphans

substituted the following sub-sections : — and children

. " (1.) Where a child is maintained by the guardians of a poor to°have " law union and — iy control of

"(i.) the child'has been deserted by its parent; or them.

I (ii.) the guardians are of opinion that by reason of mental I 5g |' " deficiency, or of vicious habits or mode of life, a parent of " the child is unfit to have the control of it; or (iii.) a parent is unable to perform his or her parental duties " by reason of being under sentence of penal servitude or of " being detained under the Inebriates Act, 1898; or jj'g* 63 Vict‘

128 Ch. 37. Poor Law Act, 1899. 02 & 63 Vict.

«(iy.) a parent of the child has been sentenced to imprisonment " in respect of any offence against any of his or her children; " or

" (v.) a parent of the child is permanently bedridden or disabled, " and is the inmate of a workhouse, and consents to the " resolution herein-after mentioned; or

" (vi.) both the parents, or in the case of an illegitimate child " the mother of the child, are or is dead;

" the guardians may at any time resolve that until the child " reaches the age of eighteen years all the rights and powers of | such parent as aforesaid, or if both parents are dead of the " parents, in respect of the child shall, subject as in this Act " mentioned, vest in the guardians, and thereupon those rights and " powers shall so vest accordingly, and shall continue so vested " whether the child does or does not continue to be maintained by " the guardians.

" Provided that the guardians may rescind the resolution if they " think that it will be for the benefit of the child that it should " be rescinded, or may permit the child to be, either permanently " or temporarily, under the control of the parent, or of any other " relative, or of any friend, or of any society or institution for the " care of children.

"(2.) A court of summary jurisdiction, if satisfied on complaint " made by a parent or if there is no parent by the guardian " of a child that there was no ground for the resolution, or " that it is for the benefit of the child that it should be either " permanently or temporarily under the control of its parent or " guardian, or that the resolution of the guardians should be " determined, may make an order accordingly, and the guardians " shall comply with any such order, and if the order determines " the resolution the resolution shall be thereby determined as " from the date of the order, and the guardians shall cease to have " the rights and powers of the parent as respects the child."

Penalty on 2. If any person —

children^to (a) knowingly assists, directly or indirectly, a child who has,

escape from in pursuance of section one of the Poor Law Act, 1889, or

guardians See Pursuance of this Act, been placed under the control of

guardians, to leave, without the consent of the guardians, the place where the child is under that control; or

(b) knowingly induces, directly or indirectly, any such child so to leave that place; or

(c) knowingly harbours or conceals a child who has so left that place, or prevents him from returning to that place,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Provision as 3. In the case of any child who is deemed to be maintained by children!4 the guardians of a poor law union within the meaning of sub-section

three of section one of the Poor Law Act, 1889, and who is with their consent adopted by any person, the guardians shall, during a

1899.

Poor Law Act, 1899.

Ch. 37, 38.

129

period of three years from the date of such adoption, cause the child to be visited at least twice in each year by some competent person appointed by them for the purpose, who shall report to them on such visit. The guardians may, if they think fit, at any time during such period, revoke their consent to the adoption, and thereupon the child shall be forthwith returned to them by the person having the custody of the same.

4. Section four of the Pauper Inmates Discharge and Regulation Extension of

Act, 1871, shall be amended by inserting after the words " seventy- power to , i , .1 r. n j detain paupers

two hours the following words : — for limited

" 4. If he has, in the opinion of the guardians, discharged Vict

himself frequently without sufficient reason, one hundred and Ct 108.

sixty-eight hours ";

and by inserting as an additional proviso at the end of the section

the following words: —

" (4) that a direction requiring a longer notice than seventy-

two hours to be given must be entered in the minutes, and

must specify the name or names of the pauper or paupers to

whom it applies."

5. This Act may be cited as the Poor Law Act, 1899. Short title-

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to make further Provision for the Improvement of Telephonic Communication, and otherwise with respect to Telegraphs. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may, without prejudice to the exercise of any Grant of powers previously given for the like purpose, issue out of the Uvo million-Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof such sums not ^purpose-exceeding in the whole the sum of two million pounds, as may of the Tele-be required ,by the Postmaster General for the purpose of the graph Acts. Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1897, according to estimates approved by the Treasury, and sub-sections two and three of section one of the Telegraph Act, 1892 (which relate to the mode in which money may 55 & 56 vict. be raised), shall apply with respect to the sum so authorised to c. so. be issued.

2. — (1.) Where the council of a borough or an urban district are Pajm^nt of licensed by the Postmaster General to provide a system of public e* telephonic communication, they may defray the expenses of of powers exercising the powers conferred by the licence in the case of under a borough out of the borough fund or borough rate, and in the case of an urban district not a borough out of the rate out of which the

I

130

Ch. 38.

Telegraph Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 38.

Provisions as to ' existing companies.

general expenses of the council in the execution of the Public Health Acts are defrayed, and may borrow money for the purpose in accordance with the Public Health Acts, but in the case of a. borough any money so borrowed shall be borrowed on the security of the borough fund or borough rate; and the council may, subject to the provisions of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1897, and of the licence, exercise, their powers under the licence throughout the area for which it is granted, although part of that area may be outside the borough or urban district.

(2.) In the application of this Act to Scotland, a royal or parliamentary burgh shall be substituted for a borough, and a police burgh for an urban district, and the town council or commissioners thereof, as the case may be, for the council of a borough or urban district, and for the borough fund or borough rate, or the rate out of which the general expenses of an urban district council in the execution of the Public Health Acts are defrayed, there shall be substituted the police or the burgh general assessment, or, where there is no assessment so named, an assessment under any head of the burgh assessments or city rate under any local Act payable by occupiers only; and the town council or commissioners, as the case may be, may, with the consent of the Secretary for Scotland, borrow for the purposes of this Act on the security of that assessment or rate, but subject to the conditions for the repayment of loans prescribed by the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

(3.) In Ireland expenses incurred for the purpose of this section may be defrayed as expenses incurred in the execution of the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1896, for sanitary purposes, and money may be borrowed accordingly.

3. — (1.) Where an existing company have before the passing of this Act, under a licence from the Postmaster General, provided a system of public telephonic communication in any exchange area, and it is proposed to grant a new licence to a local authority or to another company to provide public telephonic communication in the same exchange area, or any part thereof, then, if the existing company consent to it being made a condition of their licence —

(a) that they will not give favour or preference to any person whomsoever within the area specified in the new licence, and will not, within that area, as a condition of giving a service, require from any person the grant of any facility except for the purpose of supplying telephonic communication to that person I and

H that their charges shall not, within the area specified in the new licence, exceed the maximum rates or fall below the minimum rates authorised in that behalf by the Postmaster General within that area, it shall be a condition of the grant of the new licence, that where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Postmaster General that the existing company have incurred or contracted to incur, in the area specified in the new licence, material expenditure in laying down underground wires, and have by agreement with any local authority within that area acquired powers for that purpose, those powers

181)9.

Telegraph Act, 1899.

Ch. 38.

131

shall continue for the period specified in the pew licence for the duration thereof, but, subject as aforesaid, on the terms and conditions specified in the agreement (including any provisions thereof for determination on breach of covenant), except so far as they may be varied by any subsequent agreeipent with the local authority.

- (2.) Where an existing company, is at the passing of this Act under a licence from the Postmaster General supplying public telephonic communication in any exchange area, a licence to provide a system of public telephonic communication within the same area, or any part thereof, shall not be granted by the Postmaster General to any person or body other than the council of a borough or urban district, unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the Postmaster General that the application for the licence is approved by the council of each borough or urban district within which it is proposed,by the application to establish a telephonic exchange.

(3.) An existing company shall not, without the consent of the Postmaster General given after the passing of this Act in each case, open an exchange in any exchange area in which they had not, before the passing of this Act, established an effective exchange.

(4.) Where a local authority or a new company, under a licence from the Postmaster General, provides a system of public telephonic communication in the whole or any part of an exchange area in competition with an existing company licensed by the Postmaster General before the passing of this Act, then, if the existing company consent to it being made a condition of their licence —

(a) that they will not give favour or preference to any person whomsoever within the whole of the exchange area in question, and will not, within that exchange area as a condition of giving a service, require from any person the grant of any facility except for the purpose of supplying telephonic

communication to that person; and

(b) that their charges shall not within the whole of the exchange area in question exceed the maximum rates and (where the company are empowered by agreement with the local authority to lay underground wires) shall not fall below the minimum rates authorised in that behalf by the Postmaster General within the area specified in the new licence,

the licence of the existing company shall within the whole of the exchange area in question be extended and continue for the period specified in the new licence of the local authority or new company for the duration of such new licence, but, except as varied by this Act, the provisions of the licence of the existing company (including any provisions thereof for determination on breach of covenant) shall remain in force.

(5.) If the licence of an existing company is, under the provisions of this section, extended in respect of any exchange area for a period of not less than eight years beyond the term existing at the passing of this Act, the company shall, at the request of any other licensee. of the. Postmaster General providing public telephonic communication in the whole or any part of that exchange area, and under such circumstances and on such terms and conditions as may,

232 Ch. 38, 39. Telegraph Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

within six months from the passing of this Act, be prescribed by an order of the Postmaster General, made with the approval of the Treasury, afford all proper facilities for the transmission of telephonic messages between persons using the system of the company (either in the whole or in part of the exchange area, as the Postmaster General may prescribe) and persons using the system of such other licensee, provided that the licensee so requiring inter-communication shall in any such case afford similar facilities.

(6.) For the purposes of this section the expression "exchange area " means an exchange area as defined by any agreement made by an existing Company with the Postmaster Oeneral before the passing of this Act.

Short title. 4. This Act may be cited as the Telegraph Act, 1899, and may be cited with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1897.

Duty on Trine.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties-in the Isle of Man. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the aulhority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) In lieu of the duties of Customs now payable on wine imported into the Isle of Man, there shall be charged, levied, and paid the following duties, that is to say : —

£ s. d.

Wine not exceeding 30 degrees of proof spirit, the

gallon - - -013

Exceeding 30, but not exceeding 42 degrees of proof.

spirit, the gallon - - - 03 0

And for every degree, or part of a degree, beyond the highest above charged, an additional duty, the gallon - -003

Sparkling wine imported in bottle, an additional

duty, the gallon - - - 026

Still wine imported in bottle, an additional duty,

the gallon - -010

(2.) The said duties on wine shall be chargeable, levied, and paid as from the twenty-sixth day of May, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

(3.) In this Act the expression " wine " includes lee3 of wine; and the expression " degree " does not include any fraction of the next higher degree.

2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1899.

S'-ort title.

1899.

Reserve Forces Act, 1899.

Ch. 40, 41.

133

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Reserve Porces.

[9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where a soldier of the regular forces, when entitled to be Permission transferred to the reserve, is serving out of the United Kingdom, j°e^men he may, at his own request, be transferred to the reserve without to res;|e ont being required to return to the United Kingdom, but subject to of United such conditions as to residence, as to liability to be called out for Kingdom, annual training or on permanent service or in aid of the civil power, or as to any other matters, ai3 may be prescribed by regulations under section twenty, of the Reserve Forces Act, 1882, and there- 45 & 46 Vict. upon the provisions of that Act, and of the Acts amending that c- 48-Act, shall apply in the case of the soldiers so transferred with such adaptations as may be made by those regulations.

2. This Act may be cited as the Reserve Forces Act, 1899. short title.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to make further Provision for Defraying the Expenses of certain Military Works and other Military Services. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the Further grant growing produce thereof, in addition to the sums authorised by for military the Military Works Act, 1897, such further sums not exceeding in 6i Vi t the whole four million pounds as may be required by a Secretary of c. 7.

State for defraying the cost of the works mentioned in the schedule to this Act, and sub-sections two and three of section one of the Military Works Act, 1897 (which relate to control over expenditure), and section two of that Act (which relates to the mode ill which money may be raised), shall apply with respect to the sums authorised by this Act to be issued.

2. This Act may be cited as the Military Works Act, 1899.

Short title.

Ch. 41.

Military Works Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

Military Works.*

Sums Sums

Heads. provided in provided in Total

Military Military

Works Act, Works Act, Provision.

1899. 1897.

1. Defence works - £ 1,000,000 £ 1,120,000 £ 2,120,000

2. Barracks, including completion of large camps

(a.) New barracks for Artillery and Infantry at Salisbury Plain - 1,600,000

(b.) Additions to depdts of regiments to which new battalions have been added, including —

Caterham - - 10,000

Bury - - 50,000

Warwick - - 40,000

Mill Hill - - 60,000

(c.) Barracks for Garrison Artillery at Berehaven, Buncrana, Harwich and Leith, and for a Field Battery at Exeter -(<Z.) Additional accommodation for an increased Establishment of 80 men per battalion at Athlone, Belfast, Buttevant, Fermoy, Gosport, Holy wood, 1 limerick, Portland, Portsmouth, and York (e.) Completion of work at the following barracks in progress under the Military Works Loan —

Ballincollig - 1 25,000

Winchester 1 30,000

Wokirg - , - 35,000

160,000

70,000

90,000

(/.) Additions and improvements to existing barracks at — A

90,000

Edinburgh -Tipperary -Windsor

- 25,000

- 25,000

- 30,000

80,000

* The above works are partly new works and partly works which have been commenced and not completed under the Military Works Act, 1897.

No building shall be undertaken which cannot be completed within the 4,000,0001. granted under this Act.

1899.

Military Works Act, 1899.

Ch. 41, 42.

135

Heads. Sums provided in Military Works Act, 1899. Snms provided in Military Works Act, 1897. Total Provision.

2. Barracks — cont. £ £ £

(g.) Continuation of reconstruc-

tion of large camps in progress

under Military Works Loan —

£ £

Aldershot - 100,000

Colchester 50,000

Curragh ~ - 50,000

Shomcliffe 30,000

— 230,000

(ft.) Barracks at Foreign stations —

Gibraltar 50,000

Halifax 40,000

Malta 120,000

Wei-hai-Wei 130,000

Bermuda, Jamaica,

Mauritius, and St.

Helena - 90,000

Freight and local

transport of stores 20,000

450,000

2,770,000 2,989,000 5,759,000

3. flanges - - 40,000 *1,149,000 *1,189,000

4. Staff and contingencies - - 190,000 - 200,000 390,000

Total - - 4,000,000 5,458,000 9,458,000

* Including accommodation for manoeuvring and mobilization.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to make further provision for the construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy> and to amend the Law with respect to the construction and use of Tramways for Naval purposes. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In addition to any sum authorised to be issued under any issue of other Act, the Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund money for or the growing produce thereof such sums not exceeding in the ^ed kf"* whole three million one hundred thousand pounds, as may be schedule, required by the Admiralty for defraying the cost of the works specified in the schedule to this Act, subject to the terms and conditions in sections three and five of the Naval Works Act, 59 & 60 vict. 1896, and those sections and section four of the said Act (which Ci

136

58 & 59 Vict. c. 85.

Powers of Admiralty with respect to tramways. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 65.

Short title.

Ch. 42. Naval Works Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

relates to the application of surplus income), and section five of the Naval Works Act, 1895 (which relates to the mode in which money may be raised), shall be construed as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act.

2. The Admiralty shall have the same powers as a Secretary of State with respect to the construction, maintenance, working, and use of tramways, and the Military Tramways Act, 1887, shall apply accordingly as if references therein to the Secretary of State included references to the Admiralty.

3. This Act may be cited as the Naval Works Act, 1899.

SCHEDULE.

Heads of Proposed Expenditure.

"Works. 1. Total Estimated Cost, 1899. 2. Expenditure to 31st March, 1898. 3. Estimated Expenditure from 1st April, 1898, to 31st March, 1899. 4. Estimated Expenditure for the Financial Years 1899- 1900 and 1900- 1901. 5. Expected Date of Completion. 6.

(a.) Enclosure and Defence £ : £ £ £

of Barbours Gibraltar - * 1,026,000 425,194 137,000 350,000 1902-3

Gibraltar, Commercial Mole *669,000 3,481 5,000 " 120,000 1903-4

Portland ... - +650,000 211,590 42,000 140,000 1902-3

Dover (including 35,000?. for Fixed Machinery) 3,500,000 4,208 59,000 400,000 1907-8

(6.) Adapting1 Naval Ports to present needs of Fleet s — Deepening harbours and approaches - +960,000 581,587 70,000 65,000 1903-4

Keyham Dockyard extension (including 175,000?. for Fixed Machinery) - | 3,175,000 273,125 254,000 750,000 1903-4

Portsmouth Docks 372,502 372,442 60 Completed

.Gibraltar Dockyard extension (including 63,000?. for. Fixed Machinery) - g,674,000 226,499 92,000 200,000 1904-5

Hong Kong Dockyard extension (including 63,000?. for Fixed Machinery) - - 1,275,500 7,365 50,000 50,000 1904-5

'Colombo Dock - 159,000 — 15,000 80,000 1903-4

Pembroke Jetty, &c. (including 20,000?. for Fixed Machinery) - 114,000 2,387 21,613 90,000 1900-1

Portsmouth — Widening Caisson 50,000 7,239 18,761 24,000 1899-1900

Haulbowline improvements (including 14,500?. for Fixed Machinery) - - . 63,000 19,868 19,132 24,000 18C9-1900

Chatham — Dock (including 27,000?. for Fixed Machinery) - 450,000 — — 100,000 1902-8

* The totalestimated cost of the Commercial Mole is 700,000?., including 31,000?. for superintendence under item (d). Four-sevenths of this sum is to be repaid by the colony of Gibraltar in the form of an annuity of 14,000?. per annum for 67 years from the opening of the Mole, to be credited as an appropriation in aid of Navy Vote 10.

t An expenditure of 40,543?. was incurred during 1893-4 and 1894-5 in erecting dolphins on the line of the breakwater, and was charged to Vote 10 in those years. This is m addition to the estimate of 660,000?.

X Exclusive of the cost of dredging plant purchased prior to 31st March, 1895.

1893.

Naval Works Act, 1899.

Ch. 42.

137

Heads of Pboposed Expenditure — continued.

Works. 1 Total | Estimated Cost, 1899. Expenditure to 31st March, 1898. Estimated Expenditure from 1st April, 1898, to Sist March, 1899. Estimated Expenditure for the Financial Years 1899- 1900 and 1900- 1901. Expected Date of Completion.

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.

(5.) Adapting* Naval Ports to present needs of Fleet cont. £ £ £ £

Malta Dockyard extension (including 49,000?. for Fixed Machinery) - 1,250,000 — 175,OPO 1907-8

Bermuda Dockyard extension (including 20,000?. for Fixed Machinery) 650,000 205,000 1903-4

'"Simon's Bay Dockyard extension, Ac. (including 40,000?. for Fixed Machinery) ... 2,500,000 — — 40,000 1907-8

(c.) Naval Barracks, Ac.

Chatham Naval Barracks - 445,000 27,857 79,000 200,000 1901-2

Sheerness Naval Barracks (including 20,000?. for Fixed Machinery) * - 220,000 COO 550 66,000

Portsmouth Naval Barracks 670,400 25 185,500 130,000 1902-3

Keyham do. 230,000 89 31,000 110,000 1902-3

Chatham Naval Hospital (including 20,000?. for Fixed Machinery) - 379,000 26,825 110,000 1903-4

Walmer Marine Dep6t 17,658 17,658 — ;: — Completed

Keyham Engineers* College 23,292 20,015 3,247 — Completed

" Britannia,* R.N. College - 285,000 165 44,178 75,000 1903-4

Magazines (including 25,000?. for Fixed Machinery) 485,000 55,630 51,090 300,000 1901-2

Haslar Hospital Extension (including 500?. for Fixed Machinery) - 68,500 12 2,488 66,000 1900-1

Haulbowjine Zymotic Hospital (including 500?. for Fixed Machinery) - 12,000 367 1,633 10,000 1899-1900

(d.) Superintendence and Miscellaneous Charges 1,263,070 84,410 45,000 130,000

£ 23,636.922 2,368,068 V, 1,227,252 4,010,000 | —

Total of columns 3,4, and 5 . . £7,605,320f

* An expenditure estimated a t 8,800?. was incurred during 1896-97 to 1898-99 on the Preliminary Survey for this work, and was charged to Vote 10 in those years. This is in addition to the Estimate of 2,500,000?.

f Total estimated expenditure to 31st March 1901 ---- 7,605,820

Expenditure already authorised, viz.: —

Out of Navy Votes (8 and 10) prior to inclusion of works in Loan Acts - 241,820

By Act of 1895 (1,000,000?. less 140,000?. lupscd) ..... 860,000

By Act of 1896 - 2,750,000

By Act of 1897 654,000

---- 4,505,820

Further expenditure to be authorised by this Act ---- £3,100,000

138

Ch. 43.

Royal Niger Company Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

CHAPTER 43.

Issue of money out of Consolidated Fund for purposes of Act.

Borrowing for purposes of Act and accounts and audit.

An Act to make provision for certain Payments to be made in connection with the Revocation of the Charter of the Royal Niger Company. [9th August 1899.]

WHEREAS the National African Company, Limited (now called the Royal Niger Company), was by a charter dated the tenth day of duly one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six incorporated with power among other things to make treaties and to administer territories:

And whereas it is proposed to transfer to the Crown the administrative powers of the said Company, and the benefit of the treaties made by the Company, and the land, property, and mining and other rights acquired by the Company, but to reserve to them, subject to certain exceptions, their plant and trade assets and their stations, buildings, wharves, and workshops, and the sites thereof, and to revoke the charter of the Company, and to make certain payments in consideration of the said transfer, and for meeting liabilities attaching to the territories administered by the Company:

And whereas it is expedient to make provision for the payments so to be made:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, such sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of eight hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds as may be required for making the said payments.

(2.) Before any money issued under this section is paid to the Royal Niger Company, the Company shall submit to the Treasury an account, with such details as may be required by the Treasury, of the sums due to the Company.

2. — (1.) The Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time for the purpose of providing money for the issue of sums out of the Consolidated Fund under this Act, or repaying to that fund all or any part of the funds so issued, borrow money to the extent of eight hundred and twenty thousand pounds by means of terminable annuities for such period not exceeding thirty years from the passing of this Act as the Treasury may fix, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(2.) The said annuities shall be paid out of the moneys annually provided by Parliament for the foreign and colonial services; and, if those moneys are insufficient, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, but shall not be payable as part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

(3.) The Treasury shall, before the expiration of twelve months after the passing of this Act, cause to be made out and laid before the House of Commons an account of the money expended and borrowed, and the securities created under this Act, and the

1899.

Royal Niger Company Act, 1899.

Ch. 43, 44.

139

accounts of expenditure under this Act shall he audited and reported upon by the Comptroller and Auditor General as appropriation accounts in manner directed by the Exchequer and Audit 29 & 30 vict-Departments Act, 1866. ~ c"39'

3. Until the money issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the Repayment purpose of this Act and interest thereon has been wholly repaid ^rotec- to the Exchequer, and thereafter until Parliament may otherwise t0rate. direct, all such sums as the Treasury determine to be receipts from

the territories administered by the Company at the passing of this Act, in excess of the necessary expenses of the administration of those territories, shall be paid into the Exchequer, save so far as those sums are with the approval of the Treasury applied towards the development and improvement of those territories.

4. This Act may be cited as the Royal Niger Company Act, Short title. 1899.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to empower Local Authorities to advance Money for enabling Persons to acquire the Ownership of Small Houses in which they reside. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) A local authority for any area may, subject to the powerof local provisions of this Act, advance money to a resident in any house authority within the area for the purpose of enabling him to acquire the ownership of that house; provided that any advance shall not residents in exceed — houses for

(a) four-fifths of that which in the opinion of the local authority is the market value of the ownership; nor

(b) two hundred and forty pounds; or, in the case of a fee simple or leasehold of not less than ninety-nine years unexpired at the date of the purchase, three hundred pounds; and an advance shall not be made for the acquisition of the ownership of a house where in the opinion of the local authority the market value of the house exceeds four hundred pounds.

(2.) Every such advance shall be repaid with interest within such period not exceeding thirty years from the date of the advance as may be agreed upon.

(3.) The interest shall be at such rate as may be agreed upon, not exceeding ten shillings above the rate at which the local authority can at the time borrow from the Public Works Loan Commissioners the money for the advance.

(4.) The repayment may be made either by equal instalments of principal or by an annuity of principal and interest combined, and all payments on account of principal or interest shall be made either weekly or at any periods not exceeding a half year, according as may be agreed.

140

Cu. 44. Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Procedure for obtaining advance.

Conditions

affecting

house

purchased

by means of

advance.

(5.) The proprietor of a house in respect of which an advance has been made may at any of the usual quarter days, after one month's written notice, and on paying all sums due on account of interest, repay to the local authority the whole of the outstanding principal of the advance, or any part thereof being ten pounds or a multiple of ten pounds, and where the repayment is made by an annuity of principal and interest combined, the amount so outstanding and the amount by which the annuity will be reduced where a part of the advance is paid off, shall be determined by a table annexed to the instrument securing the repayment of the advance.

2. Before making an advance under this Act in respect of a house a local authority shall be satisfied —

(a) that the applicant for the advance is resident or intends to reside in the house, and is not already the proprietor within the meaning of this Act of a house to which the statutory conditions apply; and

(b) that the value of the ownership of the house is sufficient; and

(c) that the title to the ownership is one which an ordinary mortgagee would be willing to accept; and

(d) that the house is in good sanitary condition and good repair; and

(e) that the repayment to the local authority of the advance is secured by an instrument vesting the ownership (including any interest already held by the purchaser) in the local authority subject to the right of redemption by the applicant, but such instrument shall not contain anything inconsistent with the provisions of this Act.

3. — (1.) Where the ownership of a house has been acquired by means of an advance under this Act, the house shall, until such advance with interest has been fully paid, or the local authority have taken possession or ordered a sale under this Act, be held subject to the following conditions (in this Act referred to as the statutory conditions), that is to say: —

(a.) Every sum for the time being due in respect of principal or of interest of the advance shall be punctually paid:

(b.) The proprietor of the house shall reside in the house:

(c.) The house shall be kept insured against fire to the satisfaction of the local authority, and the receipts for the premiums produced when required by them:

(d.) The house shall be kept in good sanitary condition and good repair:

(e.) The house shall not be used for the sale of intoxicating liquors, or in such a manner as to be a nuisance to adjacent houses: (/.) The local authority shall have power to enter the house by any person, authorised by them in writing for the purpose, at all reasonable times for the purpose of ascertaining whether the statutory conditions are complied with.

(2.) The proprietor of the house may with the permission of the local authority (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) at any

1899.

Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899. Ch. 44.

141

time transfer his interest in the house, but any such transfer shall be made subject to the statutory conditions.

(3.) Where default is made in complying with the statutory condition as to residence, the local authority may take possession of the house, and where default is made in complying with any of the other statutory conditions, whether the statutory condition as to residence has or has not been complied with, the local authority may either take possession of the house, or order the sale of the house without taking possession.

(4.) In the case of the breach of any condition other than that of punctual payment of the principal and interest of the advance, the authority shall, previously to taking possession or ordering a sale, by notice in writing delivered at the house and addressed to the proprietor, call on the proprietor to comply with the condition, and if the proprietor —

(a) within fourteen days after the delivery of the notice gives an undertaking in writing to the authority to comply with the notice; and

(b) within two months after the delivery of the notice complies therewith,

shall not take possession or order a sale, as the case may be.

(5.) In the case of the bankruptcy of the proprietor of the house, or in the case of a deceased proprietor's estate being administered in bankruptcy under section one hundred and twenty-five of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, the local authority may either take 46 & 47 Vict. possession of the house or order the sale of the house without c- 52-taking possession, and shall do so except in pursuance of some arrangement to the contrary with the trustee in bankruptcy.

4. — (1.) Where the ownership of a house has been acquired by means of an advance under this Act, the person who is the proprietor shall be personally liable for the repayment of any sum due in respect of the advance until he ceases to be proprietor, by reason of a transfer made in accordance with this Act.

(2.) The provisions of this Act requiring the permission of the local authority to the transfer of the proprietor's interest in a house under this Act shall not apply to any charge on that interest made by the proprietor, so far as the charge does not affect any rights or powers of the local authority under this Act.

5. — (1.) Where a local authority take possession of a house, all Recovery of the estate, right, interest, and claim of the proprietor in or to the

house shall, subject as in this section mentioned, vest in and of house°Sa become the property of the local authority, and that authority may either retain the house under their own management or sell or otherwise dispose of it as they think expedient.

(2.) Where a local authority take possession of a house they shall, save as herein-after mentioned, pay to the proprietor either —

(a) such sum as may be agreed upon; or

(&) a sum equal to the value of the interest in the house at the disposal of the local authority, after deducting therefrom the

Provision as to personal liability and powers of proprietor.

142

Ch. 44. Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 49.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 43.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 74.

Procedure as to ordering sale.

Suspension of condition as to residence.

amount of the advance then, remaining unpaid and any sum due for interest; and the said value, in the absence of a sale and in default of agreement, shall be settled by a county court judge as arbitrator, or if the Lord Chancellor so authorises, by a single arbitrator appointed by the county court judge, and the Arbitration Act, 1889, shall apply to any such arbitration.

(8,.) The sum so payable to the proprietor if not paid within three months after the date of taking possession shall carry interest at the rate of three per cent, per annum from the date of taking possession.

(4.) All costs of or incidental to the taking possession, sale, or other disposal of the house (including the costs of the arbitration, if any) incurred by the local authority, before the amount payable to the proprietor has been settled either by agreement or arbitration, shall be deducted from the amount otherwise payable to the proprietor.

(5.) Where the local authority are entitled under this Act to take possession of a house, possession may be recovered (whatever may be the value of the house) by or on behalf of the local authority either under sections one hundred and thirty-eight to one hundred and forty-five of the County Courts Act, 1888, or under the Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838, as in the cases therein provided for, and in either case may be recovered as if the local authority were the landlord and the proprietor of the house were the tenant.

6. — (1.) Where a local authority order the sale of a house without taking possession, they shall cause it to be put up for sale by auction, and out of the proceeds of sale retain any sum due to them on account of the interest or principal of the advance, and all costs, charges, and expenses properly incurred by them in or about the sale of the house, and pay over the balance (if any) to the proprietor.

(2.) If the local authority are unable at the auction to sell the house for such a sum as will allow of the payment out of the proceeds of sale of the interest and principal of the advance then due to the authority, and the costs, charges, and expenses aforesaid, they may take possession of the house in manner provided by this — Act, but shall not be liable to pay any sum to the proprietor.

7. — (1.) An advance may be made to an applicant who intends to reside in a house, as if he were resident, if he undertakes to begin his residence therein within such period not exceeding six months from the date of the advance, as the local authority may fix, and in that case the statutory condition requiring residence shall be suspended during that period.

(2.) The local authority may allow a proprietor to permit, by letting or otherwise, a house to be occupied as a furnished house by some other person during a period not exceeding four months in the whole in any twelve months, or during absence from the house in the performance of any duty arising from or incidental to any office, service, or employment held or undertaken by him, and toe condition requiring residence shall be suspended while the permission continues.

1899.

Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899. Ch, 44.

143

i,(3.) Where the proprietor of a house subject to statutory-conditions dies, the condition requiring residence shall be suspended until the expiration of twelve months from the death, or any earlier date at which the personal representatives transfer the ownership or interest of the proprietor in the course of administration; and where the proprietor of any such house becomes bankrupt, or his estate is administered in bankruptcy under section one hundred and twenty-five of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, and in either case an arrangement under this Act is made with the trustee in bankruptcy, the condition as to residence shall, if the local authority think fit, be suspended during the continuance of the arrangement.

8. — (1.) A local authority shall keep at their offices a book List of containing a list of any advances made by them under this Act, advance*-and shall enter therein with regard to each advance —

- (i) a description of the house in respect of which the advance is made;

(ii) the amount advanced;

(in') the amount for the time being repaid;

(iv) the name of the proprietor for the time being of the house; and

(v) such other particulars as the local authority think fit to

enter. s

(2.) The book shall be open to inspection at the office of the local authority during office hours free of charge.

9. — (1.) A local authority for the purpose of this Act shall be Local the council of any county or county borough; and if the council of authorities any urban district not being a county borough, or of any rural an rates' district, pass a resolution undertaking to act under this Act, that council shall, subject in the case of the council of a district containing a population according to the last census for the time

being of less than ten thousand to the consent of the county council, be the local authority in that district for the purpose of this Act to the exclusion of any other authority: Provided that, if the council of any district are dissatisfied with any refusal or failure of the county council to give their' consent, they may appeal to the Local Government Board, and the Local Government Board may, if they think fit, give their consent, and the consent so given shall have the same effect as the consent of the county council.

(2.) Where the, council of, an urban or rural district becomes the local authority for the purposes of this Act, all the powers, rights, and liabilities of the county council in respect of advances already made by them under this Act for the purchase of the ownership of any house in the district shall vest in the council of the urban or rural district, subject to the payment by that council to the county council of the outstanding principal and interest of any such advance.

(3.) All expenses of a local authority in the execution of this Act shall be paid in the case of a county out of the county rate, and in the case of a county borough out of the borough fund or borough

144

Ch. 44. Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899. ^62 & 63 Vict.

51 & 53 Vict. e. 4L

3S&39 Vict <£.55,

38 & 39 Vict. e. 89.

rate, and in the case of any urban or rural district out of any fund or rate applicable to the general purposes of the Public Health Acts; but no sum shall be raised in any urban or rural district the council of which becomes a local authority for the purposes of this Act on account of the expenses of a county council under this Act.

(4.) If in any local financial year the expenses payable by a council and not reimbursed by the receipts under this Act exceed in a county a sum equal to one halfpenny, and in a county borough or urban or rural district a sum equal to one penny in the pound upon the rateable value of the county, county borough, or district, deducting in the case of a county the rateable value of any urban or rural district in the county, the council of which have become a local authority under this Act, no further advance under this Act shall be made by that council, until the expiration of five years after the end of that financial year or if those expenses at that date exceed one halfpenny or one penny in the pound, as the case may be, on the rateable value for the time being, until they fall below such sum.

(5.) A local authority may borrow for the purposes of this Act in like manner as they may borrow, in the case of a county council far the purposes of the Local Government Act, 1888, and in the case of the council of a county borough for the purpose of section one hundred and six of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and in the case of an urban or rural district council for the purpose of the Public Health Acts, and those Acts shall apply accordingly with the necessary modifications.

(6.) Money borrowed under this Act shall not, in the case of a county council, be reckoned as part of the total debt of a county for the purposes of section sixty-nine, sub-section two, of the Local Government Act, 1888, and shall not, in the case of an urban or rural district council, be reckoned as part of their debt for the purpose of the limitation on borrowing under section two hundred and thirty-four, sub-section two, of the Public Health Act, 1875.

(7.) The Public Works Loan Commissioners may in manner provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, lend any money which may be borrowed by a local authority for the purposes of this Act.

(8.) Any capital money received or retained by a local authority in payment or discharge of any advance under this Act, or in respect of the sale or other disposal of any house taken possession of under this Act, shall be applied, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, either in repayment of debt or for any other purpose to which capital money may be applied.

(9.) Separate accounts shall be kept by every local authority of their receipts and expenditure under this Act.

(10.) In the application of this Act to the county of London any sanitary authority —

|H shall have the same powers as an urban district council, an the expenses of such authority shall be paid out of the general

1899.

Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899.

Cs. 44.

145

rate or in the case of the City of London out of the consolidated rate; and

(6) may borrow in like manner as they can borrow for the purposes of the Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 to 1893; and those Acts shall apply with the necessary modifications.

10, — (1.) A person shall not be deemed for the purposes of this Residence Act to be resident in a house unless he is both the occupier of and owner" resident in that house.

(2.) For the purposes of this Act " ownership " shall be such interest or combination of interests in a house as, together with the interest of the purchaser of the ownership, will constitute either a fee simple in possession or a leasehold interest in possession of at least sixty years unexpired at the date of the purchase.

(3.) Where the ownership of a house is acquired by means of an advance under this Act, the purchaser of the ownership, or, in the case of any devolution or transfer, the person in whom the interest of the purchaser is for the time being vested, shall be the proprietor of the house for the purposes of this Act.

11. This Act shall apply to Scotland with the following General

modifications : — modifications

(1.) The Secretary for Scotland shall be substituted for the gcJuand!8 Local Government Board:

(2.) The expression " the terms of Whitsunday and Martinmas,

Lammas and Candlemas," shall be substituted for the expression " the usual quarter days ":

(3.) The expression "ownership" shall include a leasehold interest of at least sixty years unexpired at the date of the purchase:

(4.) Where a local authority take possession of a house under the provisions of this Act, a certificate by the clerk of the local authority, in the form contained in Schedule A. annexed to this Act, setting forth that fact and the grounds on which possession has been so taken, shall be registered in the register of sasines, and when so registered shall, without any other instrument, vest the ownership absolutely and irredeemably, subject to any prior burden, in the local authority; and the sheriff of the county in which the house is situated may, upon production of such certificate so registered, grant warrant for summarily ejecting the proprietor of the house and all tenants or occupants thereof:

(5.) Where a local authority take possession of a house under the provisions of this Act, the value of the interest in the house at the disposal of the local authority shall in the absence of a sale and in default of agreement be settled summarily by the sheriff, whose decision shall be final, and the amount which shall be determined to be due to the proprietor shall in the event of his death after possession has been so taken by the local authority be deemed to be moveable property:

8 (6.) Where the principal and interest of an advance under this Act have been fully paid, the certificate of the clerk of the

K

Ch. 44. Small Dwellings Acquisition Act* 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Local authorities and rates in Scotland.

95 & 56 Vict. c. 55.

52 & 58 Vict. c. 50.

local authority to that effect, in one of the forms contained in Schedule B. annexed to this Act, when registered in the register of sasines shall be equivalent to the registration of a discharge of the bond or other security granted for the advance:

(7.) Sub-section five of section three shall be read as if for the words " in the case of the bankruptcy of the proprietor of the " house, or in the case of a deceased proprietor's estate being " administered in bankruptcy under section one hundred and " twenty-five of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883," there were inserted the words " in the case of the sequestration of the " estate of the proprietor or deceased proprietor of the " house."

Sub-section three of section seven shall be read as if for the words " where the proprietor of any such house becomes * bankrupt or his estate is administered in bankruptcy under " section one hundred and twenty-five of the Bankruptcy - Act, 1883," there were substituted the words " where the " estate of the proprietor or deceased proprietor of any such " house is sequestrated."

(8.) The reference to the Arbitration Act, 1889, shall not apply In lieu of sub-section (e) of section two of this Act, it is enacted that: —

Before making an advance under this Act in respect of a house, a local authority in Scotland shall be satisfied that the repayment to the local authority is secured by a bond and disposition in security or other security under which the house shall be held to vest in the local authority in the case of the breach of any of the statutory conditions. The said bond or other security shall refer to this Act and shall be subject to the provisions of section four, sub-section (1), but the personal liability thereunder shall be transferred to the transferee.

(9.) Sub-section five of section five, sub-sections one to six inclusive of section nine, and sub-sections two and three of section ten of this Act shall not apply.

12. In Scotland —

(1.) The local authority for the purpose of this Act shall be —

(a) in counties including the burghs (a3 defined in the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892) situated therein and having a population of less than seven thousand according to the census last taken — the county council:

Provided that in section eight of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, the expression " purposes hereinafter mentioned " shall be deemed to include the purposes of this Act.

(b) in other burghs — the town council or commissioners of the burgh:

(2.) All expenses of a local authority in the execution of this Act shall be paid —

(a) in the case of county councils out of the general purposes rate: Provided that the proportion of such expenses

1899. Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899. Ch. 44. 147,-

corresponding to the valuation of the burghs, for the purposes of this Act included as aforesaid, within which burghs such general purposes rate is not levied shall be paid to the county council in compliance with a requisition to that effect to be sent to the town council or commissioners of each burgh annually, and not later than the month of October in each year, and to be paid out of a rate levied in the like manner and with the like powers as the public health general assessment of the burgh on or before the fifteenth day of January next ensuing:

(b) in the case of town councils and commissioners of other burghs, out of a rate levied in the like manner and with the like powers as the public health general assessment of the burgh. The ratepayers within the last-mentioned burghs shall not be assessed for any expenses incurred by a county council in the execution of this Act:

(3.) If in any local financial year the expenses payable by a local authority and not reimbursed by the receipts under this Act exceed a sum equal to, in the case of counties one halfpenny, and in the case of burghs separately assessed under this Act one penny, in the pound upon the rateable value of all lands and heritages within the area of the local authority for the purposes of this Act, no further advances under this Act shall be made by that local authority until the expiration of five years after the end of that financial year, or if the expenses at that date exceed one halfpenny in counties, including the burghs situated therein and having a population of less than seven thousand as aforesaid, or one penny in the pound in burghs separately assessed under this Act, until they fall below that sum:

(4.) A local authority may borrow for the purposes of this Act in like manner as they may borrow in the case of a county council for the purpose of the Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1889, and in the case of a town council or the commissioners of a burgh for the purposes of section one hundred and forty-one of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, 60& 61 Vict. > and these Acts shall apply accordingly with the necessary °- 38-modifications.

13. In Scotland the local authority shall cause to be prepared Preparation and duly registered all deeds, writs, and instruments necessary ?f for completing or transferring the title of the purchaser of a m 00 811 ' house under this Act, and for seeming the payment of the principal and interest of any advance and shall include as part of the advance the cost so incurred or to be incurred according to scales set forth in tables fixed by the local authority, with the approval of the Secretary for Scotland:

Provided that —

(1.) The local authority if they think fit may appoint a person duly qualified to carry out the provisions of this section, and shall assign to him such salary or remuneration as they may determine; and

148

Ch. 44. Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Application of Act to Ireland.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 154.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 102.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

64' & 62 Vict. c. 37.

Registration of title in Ireland.

(2.) The local authority shall not be liable for any expenses incurred by a purchaser of a house under this Act for legal or other advice or assistance rendered to him on his own employment.

14. This Act shall apply to Ireland with the following modifications: —

(1.) The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall be substituted for the Public Works Loan Commissioners:

(2.) So much as relates to civil-bill ejectments in sections fifty-two to seventy-three of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1860, shall be substituted for sections one hundred and thirty-eight to one hundred and forty-five of the County Courts Act, 1888, and sections eighty-four to eighty-nine of the said Act of 1860 shall be substituted for the Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1888:

(3.) Any reference to section one hundred and twenty-five of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, shall not apply:

(4.) So much of sub-section three of section seven as relates to a transfer of ownership or interest by personal representatives, shall not apply save where the title to such ownership or interest devolves on the personal representatives of the proprietor:

(5.) Sections six to twenty of the Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1856, shall be substituted for the Arbitration Act, 1889:

(6.) In section nine the words "five thousand" shall be substituted for the words " ten thousand ":

(7.) The Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1896, shall be substituted for the Public Health Acts, and in particular section two hundred and thirty-eight of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall be substituted for section two hundred and thirty-four of the Public Health Act, 1875:

(8.) A local authority may borrow for the purposes of this Act in like manner as they may borrow in the ease of a county council under the Order in Council under section one hundred and four of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, and in the case of the council of an urban district for the purposes of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878:

(9.) Article twenty-two of the said Order in Council shall be substituted for section sixty-nine of the Local Government Act, 1888:

(10.) The Public Works (Ireland) Acts, 1831 to 1886, shall be substituted for the Public Works Loans Act, 1875:

(11.) The Local Government Board for Ireland shall be substituted for the Local Government Board:

(12.) An advance shall not be made under this Act for the purchase of a house acquired under the Labourers (Ireland) Acts, 1888 to 1896, and held by a district council under-those Acts:

15. — (1.) Where a local authority make am advance under this Act in Ireland they shall cause the title to the premises in respect

-1899.

Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899.

Ch. 44.

149

of which the advance is made to be registered under the Local 54 & 55 vict. Registration of Title (Ireland) Act, 1891, and shall pay the cost of c*66-first registration out of the advance:

(2.) Buies under that Act —

(a) shall adapt that Act to the registration of ownerships under this Act, and provide for the easy transfer of such ownerships;

(b) shall provide for the registration (if required) of a person as the proprietor under this Act with such a possessory or qualified title as is provided under the Land Transfer Acts,

1875 and 1897; and

(c) shall provide that the fees payable to the Local Registration of Title Office in respect of either first registration of, or any subsequent dealing with, such premises shall not exceed ten shillings.

(3.) The person appearing on the register for the time being as proprietor shall alone be the proprietor for the purposes of this Act.

16. This Act may be cited as the Small Dwellings Acquisition Short title. Act, 1899.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE A. Section II.

I, A.B., clerk of the local authority of , with reference

to bond and disposition in security [or other security] dated [insert date], and recorded in the General .Register of Sasines for the county of

[or as the case may be], on the day of

for £ , granted by C.D. [name and

designation] over the house [shortly describe same], do hereby certify that said local authority has taken possession of said house in respect [here set forth the grounds on which possession has been so taken], and I grant this certificate in terms of the Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899.

Dated at this day of

(Signed) A.B.

SCHEDULE B. Sectionll.

No. 1.

I, A.B., clerk of the local authority of , with reference

to bond and disposition in security [or other security] dated [insert date], and recorded in the General Register of Sasines for the county of [or as the case may be], on the day of

for £ , granted by C.D. [name and designation]

over the house [shortly describe same], do hereby certify that the principal and interest secured by said bond and disposition in security (or other security) have been fully paid, and I grant this certificate in terms of the Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899.

Dated at this . . .day of

(Signed) A,B.

ISO Ch. 44,45,46. Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

No. 2.

I, A.B., clerk of the local authority of , -with reference

to the within (or above) written bond dated [insert date), and recorded in the General Register of Sasines for the county of [or as

the case may be], on the day of for

£ , granted by C.D. [name and designation], do hereby certify that

the principal and interest secured by said bond and disposition in security (or other security) have been fully paid, and 1 grant this certificate in terms of tha Small Dwellings Acquisition Act, 1899,

Diied at this day of ,

[Signed) A.B.

CHAPTER 45,

An Act to amend the Patriotic Fund Act, 1881, and the Patriotic Pund Act, 1886. [9th August 1899."]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Extension X. The surplus of the Patriotic Pund, and all other funds referred of Patriotic h1 section four of the Patriotic Pund Act, 1881, and the Fund to contributions referred to in section three of the Patriotic Pund *P®jjflant8 Act, 1886, and any other funds which are after the commencement

and mem of this Act placed under the administration of the Commissioners

of the Patriotic Fund, shall, if and so far as any supplemental commission so directs, and without prejudice to any existing powers of the Commissioners, he applicable for the benefit not only of widows and children, but of other dependants of officers and men of Her Majesty's military and naval forces.

short title. 2. This Act may he cited as the Patriotic Pund Act, 1899, and 44 4 45 vict*. &4e! the Patriotic Pund Acts, 1867 to 1886, and this Act may he 40 & so vict. c. so. c^e(j collectively as the Patriotic Pund Acts, 1867 to 1899.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to amend the Enactments relating to the Improvement of Land. [9th August 1S99.

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent "Majesty, by ar with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual ai Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembl and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Bentcharges 1. — (1.) Where under the Improvement of Land Act, lh§4

menrofiand. re^erre<^ f° as principal Act), or under any sp< 27 & 28 Vict. improvement Act, a charge is after the commencement of this c. in. authorised in respect of an improvement of land, the perioi the repayment of the charge shall he such period not exce

1899. Improvement of Land. Act, 1899. Ch. 46. 151

forty years as the Board of Agriculture, having regard in each case to the character and probable duration of the improvement, determine.

(2.) The land charged under any such Act may comprise not only the land improved, but also any other land which is shown to the satisfaction of the Board of Agriculture by statutory declaration to be held for the same estates or interests, and to be either subject to the same incumbrances (if any), or free from incumbrances, and which in the opinion of the Board of Agriculture may properly be included in the charge.

(3.) A resolution passed by three-fourths of the shareholders of an improvement company present at an extraordinary meeting specially summoned for the purpose may authorise the company to execute or advance money for the execution of all or any of the improvements mentioned in section nine of the principal Act or any enactment amending that section; and thereupon the company may execute or advance money for the execution of any improvement so authorised, in like manner, to the same extent, and subject to the same procedure, and with the same consequences and effects, as if the improvement were an improvement authorised by the special improvement Act relating to the company.

Provided that the provisions of the Limited Owners Residences 33 & 34 Vict. Act, 1870, and the Limited Owners Residences Act (1870) y;ct

Amendment Act, 1871, shall apply to a charge for securing an c> 84> advance made in pursuance of this section for the purpose of an improvement mentioned in those Acts, and the Order creating any such charge shall be in such form as the Board of Agriculture prescribe.

(4.) Where, either before or after the passing of this Act, a rentcharge has been created by an absolute order under the principal Act or under any special improvement Act in respect of the planting of woods or trees, the Board of Agriculture may, upon the application of the landowner, at any time not sooner than seven and not later than ten years from the date of the order, if they think fit and if they are satisfied that the character and probable duration of the improvement is such as to justify the extension, and with the consent of the persons entitled to the charge, extend the term of repayment within the limits authorised by this Act, and modify the order accordingly.

2. So much of the enactments mentioned in the First Schedule Extension to

to this Act as make additions to the improvements authorised by enactments section nine of the principal Act shall, subject to the restrictions ^SLirised contained in those enactments, have effect in Scotland. improvements.

3. Any rentcharge created either before or after the passing of Recovery of this Act under the principal Act or under any special improvement rentcharges-Act shall, in England and Wales, be recoverable as regards any instalment accruing due after the commencement of this Act,

by the like remedies as are provided by section forty-four of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, in respect of 44 & 45 Vict. rentcharges created after the commencement of that Act, and not c- * otherwise.

152

Ch. 46.

Improvement of Land Act, 1899. 62 & 63* Vict.

Notices in proceedings under improvement Acts.

Closing of register of land improvement orders.

Application to Ireland.

Definitions.

Repeal.

Commencement and short title.

4. In any proceedings under a special improvement Act it shall not be necessary to give any notice which would not be required if the proceedings were under the principal Act.

5. — (1.) So much of section fifty-six of the principal Act as requires a memorial of any absolute order creating a rentcharge on land in England or Wales to be registered at the office of the Land Registry in England is hereby repealed.

(2.) Except under an express order of the High Court, no entry or search shall be made in any register kept at the Office of the Land Registry under section fifty-six or section sixty-nine of the principal Act.

6. In the application of this Act to Ireland the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall be substituted for the Board of Agriculture.

7. In this Act —

The expression " improvement company " means a company authorised by any Act of Parliament to execute or advance money for the execution of improvements of land and The expression " special improvement Act " means any such Act.

8. The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

9- — (!) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January next after the passing thereof.

(2.) This Act may be cited as the Improvement of Land Act, 1899, and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Improvement of Land Acts, 1864 and 1899.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Enactments extending List of Authorised Improvements.

Session and Chapter. Short Title.

33 | 34 Vict. c. 56. - The Limited Owners Residences Act, 1870.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 84. - The Limited Owners Residences Act (1870) Amendment Act, 1871.

10 & 41 Vict. c. 31. - The Limited Owners Reservoirs and Water Supply Further Facilities Act, 1877.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 38. The Settled Land Act, 1882.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 69. - The Settled Land Act, 1890.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 70. - The Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890.

.1899.

Improvement of Land Act, 1899. Ch. 46, 47.

153

SECOND SCHEDULE. Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

27 & 28 Vict. The Improvement of Section fifty-four. Section fifty-six, to "registry in " England and " Section Sixty-three, from " as to lands " in England " to " the said Acts " respectively and " Section sixty-eight from "Provided " that " to the end of the section. In section sixty-nine the words " in " England and Wales or "

c. 114. Land Act, 1864.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 34. The Improvement of Land (Scotland) Act, 1893. The whole Act.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to provide for improving and extending the Procedure for obtaining Parliamentary Powers by way of Provisional Orders in matters relating to Scotland.

[9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Application for Provisional Order.

1. — (1.) When any public authority or any persons (herein-after Application referred to as the petitioners) desire to obtain parliamentary powers 'Provisional in regard to any matter affecting public or private interests in NotieCeS Scotland for which they are entitled to apply to Parliament by a petition for leave to bring in a Private Bill, they shall proceed by presenting a petition to the Secretary for Scotland, praying him to issue a Provisional Order in accordance with the terms of a draft Order submitted to him, or with such modifications as shall be necessary.

(2.) A printed copy of the draft Order shall be deposited in the office of the Clerk of the Parliaments and in the Private Bill Office of the House of Commons, and also at the office of the Treasury and of such other public departments as shall be prescribed at such time as shall be prescribed.

(3.) Before presenting a petition under the provisions of this Act, the petitioners shall make such deposits and give such notice by public advertisement, and, where land is proposed to be taken,

154 -Ch. 47. Private Legislation Procedure 62 & 63 Vict.

(Scotland) Act, 1899.

by such service on owners, lessees, and occupiers, as shall be prescribed as sufficient for procedure by way of Provisional Order under this Act.

Report by Chairmen that procedure should be by Private Bill.

2. — (1.) The Chairman of Committees of the House of Lords and the Chairman of Ways and Means in the House of Commons (in this Act referred to as the Chairmen) shall, if the two Houses of Parliament think fit so to order, determine all matters of practice and procedure which will enable them to take into consideration the draft Order, and to report thereon to the Secretary for Scotland: Provided that with a view to such report the Secretary for Scotland shall forthwith inform the Chairmen of any dissents from or objections to any of the provisions of the Order which have been stated in the prescribed manner and within the prescribed time.

(2.) If it appears from the report of the Chairmen that either of the Chairmen is of opinion that the provisions or some provisions of the draft Order do not relate wholly or mainly to Scotland, or are of such a character or magnitude, or raise any such question of policy or principle, that they ought to be dealt with by Private Bill and not by Provisional Order, the Secretary for Scotland shall, without further inquiry, refuse to issue the Provisional Order, so far as the same is objected to by the Chairmen or Chairman.

(3.) A copy of every such report shall as soon as possible be .laid before both Houses of Parliament.

(4.) If the Secretary for Scotland shall refuse to issue the Provisional Order or part thereof in pursuance of the provisions of this section, the notices published and served and the deposits made for the proposed Provisional Order shall, subject to Standing Orders, be held to have been published and served and made for a Private Bill applying for similar powers: Provided that the petitioners shall, by notice served in the prescribed manner and within the prescribed time, inform all opponents of their intention to proceed by way of Private Bill, and, subject to Standing Orders, the petition for the Provisional Order shall be deemed and taken to be the petition for leave to bring in a Private Bill, and the petitioners shall also give such additional notices (if any) as shall be required by Standing Orders.

Appointment of and Inquiry by Commissioners.

When inquiry 3. — (1.) If the Chairmen report that the Provisional Order

rionerto be may Proceed, or $| a report against a part only of the Order airected. is made by the Chairmen, or either of them, upon due proof to the satisfaction of the examiner of compliance with the general orders herein-after mentioned, the Secretary for Scotland shall take the petition for a Provisional Order into consideration, and subject to the report against any part of the Order (if any), shall, if there is opposition, or in any case in which he thinks inquiry necessary, direct an inquiry as to the propriety of assenting to the prayer of

1899.

Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899.

Ch. 47.

155

the petition, subject as aforesaid, to beheld by Commissioners from time to time appointed in terms of this Act.

(2.) Provided that if the examiner under this Act shall find that the general orders have not been complied with, the petitioners may, in the prescribed manner and within the prescribed time, apply to the Chairmen to dispense with any general order which has not been complied with, and the decision of the Chairmen shall be final; provided that if any conditions are attached to any dispensation with compliance with any general order, the Provisional Order shall not be proceeded with until the examiner shall have reported that such conditions have been satisfied.

4. — (1.) On or before the first day of January next after the Formation commencement of this Act there shall be formed a panel of persons of extra-(herein-after referred to as the extra-parliamentary panel) qualified panei. y by experience of affairs to act as Commissioners under this Act.

(2.) The extra-parliamentary panel shall be formed in manner following; that is to say, —

(a.) The Chairmen, acting jointly with the Secretary for Scotland, shall nominate twenty persons qualified as aforesaid, and the persons so nominated shall constitute the extra-parliamentary panel and shall remain thereon until the expiration of five years.' Any casual vacancy on the panel caused by death or resignation shall be filled up by the Chairmen acting jointly with the Secretary for Scotland.

(b.) At the expiration of every period of five years, the extra-parliamentary panel shall be re-formed in like manner and with the like incidents.

5. — (1.) When it is determined that Commissioners shall be Formation appointed for the purpose of inquiring as to the propriety of of p"rlia" making and issuing a Provisional Order or Orders under this Act, panels.

the Chairmen shall appoint four Commissioners for that purpose, Appointment and shall at the same time nominate one of the Commissioners as of Commis-Chairman. - sioners.

(2.) Standing Orders may, if the two Houses of Parliament think fit so to order, provide for tha formation of panels of members of the two Houses respectively to act as Commissioners under this Act (herein-after referred to as the parliamentary panels).

(3.) Subject to Standing Orders as aforesaid, two of the Commissioners shall be taken from the parliamentary panel of members of the House of Lords, and two shall be taken from the parliamentary panel of members of the House of Commons.

(4.) Subject to Standing Orders as aforesaid, if the Chairmen shall be unable to appoint Commissioners as in the immediately preceding sub-section mentioned, three, or if need be all of the Commissioners, may be members of the same parliamentary panel.

(5.) Subject to Standing Orders as aforesaid, if the Chairmen shall be unable to appoint Commissioners as in either of the two immediately preceding sub-sections mentioned, so many persons as

156

.Ch. 47.

Private Legislation Proceclv/re (Scotland) Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vic®.

Sittings of Commissioners.

are required to make up the number of Commissioners shall be taken by the Secretary for Scotland from the extra-parliamentary panel herein-before mentioned.

(6.) Any casual vacancy among the Commissioners, or in the office of Chairman of Commissioners caused by death or resignation, or inability to give attendance, such resignation or inability to attend being certified by a writing under the Commissioner's hand, may be filled up by the Secretary for Scotland by appointing a member of any of the panels.

(7.) Notwithstanding a dissolution of Parliament, any member of either House of Parliament may continue to act as Commissioner in any inquiry for the purpose of which he has been appointed to act.

(8.) The persons appointed as Commissioners shall have no personal or local interest in the matter of the proposed Order or Orders, and shall as a condition of such appointment make a declaration to that effect, provided that Scottish Members of either House of Parliament shall neither be disqualified from acting nor preferred as Commissioners to deal with proposed Orders in which they have no personal or local interest.

6. — (1.) Commissioners shall hold their inquiry at such place in Scotland as they may determine, with due regard to the subject-matter of the proposed Order and to the locality to which its provisions relate. The sittings shall be held in public.

(2.) Commissioners shall hear and determine any question of locus standi, but they shall not sustain the locus standi of any person who has not in the prescribed manner and within the prescribed time objected to the proposed Order, unless on special grounds established to the satisfaction of the Commissioners, and subject to such conditions as to payment of costs or otherwise as the Commissioners may determine.

(3.) Subject to general orders any person shall be allowed to appear before the Commissioners in opposition to the Order by himself, his counsel, agent, and witnesses, and counsel, agents, and witnesses may be heard in support of the Order.

(4.) Subject to general orders, whenever a recommendation shall have been made by the Chairmen or by any public department, it shall be referred to the Commissioners who shall notice such recommendation in their report, and shall state their reasons for dissenting, should such recommendation not be agreed to.

(5.) Commissioners shall, as far as possible, sit from day to day until they finish the inquiry and submit their report to the Secretary for Scotland, with the evidence taken and the recommendations made by them, and they may recommend that the Order should be issued as prayed for, or should be issued with modifications, or should be refused, and if they recommend that the Order should be issued with modifications they shall submit a copy of the Order showing the modifications they recommend.

1-899.

Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899.

Ch. 47.

157

Issue and Confirmation of Provisio'ml Order.

7. If there is no opposition to the Order, or if any opposition Provision for thereto has been withdrawn before an inquiry has been held as «"°pp°sed herein-before provided, the Secretary for Scotland may forthwith Orders' make the Order as prayed or with such modifications as shall appear to be necessary having regard to the recommendations of the Chairmen and of the Treasury and such other public departments as shall be prescribed; and thereupon the following provisions shall have effect, that is to say:

(1.) Before making and issuing an Order, if any modification has been made on the draft Order originally deposited, the Secretary for Scotland shall cause a printed copy thereof to be deposited in the office of the Clerk of the Parliaments and in the Private Bill Office of the House of Commons, and also at the office of the Treasury and of such other public departments as shall be prescribed, and shall not for such time as may be prescribed issue a Provisional Order. Provided that before making and issuing such Order the Secretary for Scotland shall have regard to the recommendations of the Chairmen and of the Treasury and such other public departments as shall be prescribed.

(2.) No Order so made shall be of any validity unless it has been confirmed by Parliament, and the Secretary for Scotland shall, as soon as conveniently may be, submit such Order to Parliament in a Bill (herein-after referred to as a Confirmation Bill), and such Bill, after introduction, shall be deemed to have passed through all its stages up to and including Committee, and shall be ordered to be considered in either House as if reported from a Committee.

When such Bill has been read a third time and passed in the first House of Parliament the like proceedings shall, subject to Standing Orders, be taken in the second House of Parliament.

Any Act passed to confirm such Order shall be deemed to be a public Act of Parliament.

opposed, or where inquiry held.

8. — (1.) If — ..

\ i . * Provision

(a) there is opposition to the Order, and the opposition has for Orders not been withdrawn, or

(b) the opposition has been withdrawn after inquiry held, or

(c) although there is no opposition, inquiry has been held, the Secretary for Scotland shall refuse to issue a Provisional Order if the Commissioners report that the Order should not be made, or if they do not so report he may issue an Order as prayed, or with such modifications as, having regard to the recommendations of the Commissioners, and of the Chairmen and of the Treasury, and such other public departments as shall be prescribed, shall appear to be necessary; but before making and issuing an Order, if any modification has been made on the draft Order originally deposited, the Secretary for Scotland shall cause a printed copy thereof to be deposited in the office of the Clerk of the Parliaments and in the

258 Ch. 47. Private Legislation Procedure 62 & 63 Vict.

(Scotland) Act, 1899.

Private Bill Office of the House of Commons, and also at the office of the Treasury, and of such other public departments as shall be prescribed, and shall not for such time as may be prescribed issue a Provisional Order. Provided that before making and issuing such Order the Secretary for Scotland shall have regard to the recommendations of the Chairmen and of the Treasury and such other public departments as shall be prescribed.

(2.) It shall be the duty of the petitioners to serve a copy of any Order so issued in the manner and upon the persons prescribed.

(3.) No Order so made shall be of any validity unless it has been confirmed by Parliament, and the Secretary for Scotland shall, as soon as conveniently may be, submit such Order to Parliament in a Bill (herein-after referred to as a Confirmation Bill), and any Act passed to confirm such Order shall be deemed to be a Public Act of Parliament.

Procedure on — (!) If before the expiration of seven days after the intro-

Confirmation duction of a Confirmation Bill under the immediately preceding KDs- section in the House in which it originates a petition be presented

against any Order comprised in the Bill, it shall be lawful for any member to give notice that he intends to move that the Bill shall be referred to a Joint Committee of both Houses of Parliament; and in that case such motion may be moved immediately after the Bill is read a second time, and, if carried, then the Bill shall stand referred to a Joint Committee of both Houses of Parliament, and the opponents shall, subject to the practice of Parliament, be allowed to appear and oppose by himself, his counsel, agent, and witnesses; and counsel, agents, and witnesses may be heard in support of the Order. The Joint Committee shall hear and determine any question of locus standi.

(2.) The report of the Joint Committee shall, subject to Standing Orders, be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

(3.) The Joint Committee may, by a majority, award costs, and such costs may be taxed and recovered and shall be secured in the 28 & 29 Vict. manner provided in the Parliamentary Costs Act, 1865, subject to c> 27 any necessary modifications.

(4.) If no such motion as in sub-section (1) of this section mentioned is carried, the Bill shall be deemed to have passed the stage of Committee, and shall be ordered to be considered as if reported by a Committee.

When such Bill has been read a third time and passed in the first House of Parliament the like proceedings shall, subject to Standing Orders, be taken in the second House of Parliament.

Supplemental.

nesBeB* 10. For the purposes of this Act Commissioners shall have the 'production of following powers; that is to say,

documents, (i,) They may summon and examine on oath such witnesses as they think fit to call or allow to appear before them;

1899.

Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899.

Ch. 47.

159

(2.) They may require the production of all books, papers, plans, and documents relating to the matters dealt with in the draft Provisional Order referred to them;

(3.) They may, when sitting in open court, report to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills any person who has been guilty of contempt of court, and the Lord Ordinary may punish such person as if the contempt had been committed in his own court;

(4.) Generally the orders of Commissioners may be enforced as if they had been pronounced by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills;

(5.) The quorum of the Commissioners shall be three; but any order, summons, or warrant may be signed by one Commissioner only; and

(6.) A chairman of Commissioners shall have a casting as well as a deliberative vote.

11. — (1.) County Councils shall have the same powers and be Powers of

subject to the same restrictions in regard to proceedings under, or county w o x o councils

in pursuance of this Act, as they now have or are subject to town councils, under the provisions of section fifty-six of the Local Government &c. under (Scotland) Act, 1889, in regard to Private Bills or Confirmation Act-Bills.

(2.) Town councils and burgh commissioners shall have the same powers and be subject to the same restrictions in regard to proceedings under or in pursuance of this Act as they now have or are subject to in regard to Private Bills or Confirmation Bills.

(3.) In addition, any county council, or town council, or burgh commissioners connected with the locality to which any draft Provisional Order referred to Commissioners under this Act relates, may make a report to the Commissioners respecting the provisions of the draft order, and the Commissioners shall consider the recommendations contained in the report.

12. Commissioners from time to time appointed shall have such Officers, &<v office accommodation as the Treasury may determine, and the Commis-Secretary for Scotland may from time to time, with the consent of 810ners-the Treasury as to number, appoint or employ such officers, clerks,

and messengers as shall be necessary for the purposes of this Act.

There shall be paid to each of such officers, clerks, and messengers such remuneration as the Treasury may from time to time determine.

13. There may also be assigned for the purposes of this Act such Examiners, one or more of the examiners appointed under Standing Orders as

the Chairmen may direct. An examiner shall perform under this Act duties analogous to those he now performs under Standing Orders, and shall receive such remuneration for his services as the Treasury shall determine.

14. The travelling and subsistence allowances of the Commis- Payment of sioners and Examiners, together with all other expenses incidental expenses, &c.

160

Provisions for General Orders.

Fees.

Savings.

Ch. 47. Private Legislation Procedure. 62 & 63 Vict.

(Scotland) Act, 1899.

to carrying out this Act, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

15. — (1.) The Chairmen, acting jointly with the Secretary for Scotland, shall at any time after the passing of this Act and from time to time make, and may vary and alter, such general orders as may be requisite for the regulation of proceedings under and in pursuance of this Act, including the fixing, with the consent of the Treasury, a scale of fees to be paid by petitioners and opponents of Provisional Orders. The fees so payable shall be collected and disposed of in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

(2.) Such general orders shall, with a view to the regulation of Provisional Orders, provide for the incorporation (subject to such exceptions and variations as may be mentioned in the Order) with each Provisional Order of such general Acts as would if the Provisional Order were a Private Bill be incorporated therewith according to the ordinary practice of Parliament.

(3.) Every general order purporting to be made in pursuance of this section shall immediately after the making thereof be laid before both Houses of Parliament if Parliament be then sitting, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, within seven days after the next meeting of Parliament; and if either House of Parliament by a resolution passed within one month after such general order has been so laid before the said House, resolve that the whole or any specified part thereof ought not to continue in force, the same or the specified part thereof shall after the date of such resolution cease to be of any force, without prejudice nevertheless to the making of any other general order or to anything done before the date of such resolution; but, subject as aforesaid, every general order purporting to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be deemed to have been duly made and within the powers of the Act, and shall have effect as if it had been enacted in this Act.

16. — (1.) Nothing contained in this Act shall affect the power of the Secretary for Scotland to make Provisional Orders or other Orders under the provisions of any Act in force at the passing of this Act or the procedure therein specified, save only that, in the case of Provisional Orders which at present require confirmation by Parliament, the provisions of section nine of this Act shall, with the necessary modifications, apply as if they were contained in any Act in force as aforesaid.

(2.) Nothing contained in this Act shall affect the right of any person to apply for or the powers of the Board of Trade or other department to make Provisional or other Orders under the provisions of auy Act in force at the passing of this Act or the procedure therein specified or confer upon the Secretary for Scotland power to make Provisional Orders authorising and regulating the supply of electricity for lighting and other purposes.

(3.) This Act shall not apply to Estate Bills within the meaning of Standing Orders.

1899.

161

Private Legislation Procedure Ch. 47, 48.

(Scotland) Act, 1899.

17. If any objection to any draft order is made to the Secretary Buildings for Scotland on the ground that the undertaking proposed to be anl objects authorised by the order will destroy or injure any building or other ?^'^rical object of historical interest, or will injuriously affect any natural scenery, the Secretary for Scotland shall consider such objection,

and may, if he thinks fit, refer such objection to the Commissioners, who shall give to those by whom it is made a proper opportunity of being heard in support of it.

18. In this Act, unless the subject or context otherwise Definitions, requires, —

The expression "Standing Orders" means the Standing Orders of the House of Lords and the House of Commons respectively:

The expression " general orders " means the general orders made in pursuance of this Act:

The expression " prescribed " means prescribed by the general orders made in pursuance of this Act:

The expression " agent " includes all law agents within the

meaning of the Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873, and any 36 & 37 Vict. person entitled to practise as agent according to the practice c-63-and rules of either House of Parliament in cases of Private Bills and matters relating thereto.

19. This Act shall commence to have effect from and after the Commence-end of the session of Parliament next ensuing the passing hereof, ment, short and may be cited as the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) ,ltle' "n<1 Act, 1899, and shall apply to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to constitute the Divisions of Lincolnshire separate Counties for all the purposes of the Coroners Acts.

| [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : 1

1. For all the purposes of the Coroners Acts, 1844, 1860, 1887, Divisions of and 1892, the divisions of Lincolnshire shall respectively be separate bTs^ar^t counties, and the county council of each division shall, to the counties^* ° exclusion of any other authority, be the local authority for all respect of the purposes of those Acts. Coroners Acts.

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the alteration in manner provided by section five sub-section three of the Local 51 & 52 Vict. Government Act, 1888, of the district of any coroner which is at c- *1. the commencement of this Act situate partly in one and partly in another of the divisions.

L

I62r

Saving rights of existing coroners.

[Commencement of Act.]

Short title.

Issue of 55,858,263/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Tower for "the Treasury to borrow.

Oh: 'mm lEvftc6(/^wt-Ooroii^''Aci, 1899. 62 & 63 VicSt/

2. Nothing herein contained shall affect the rights, duties, powers, or liabilities of any county coroner-in Lincolnshire holding office at the commencement of this Act.

3. This Act shall come.into operation on the first day of January

one thousand nip§ hundr©d» ..... ,... , w .

4v This Act n\ay hei -Qited as thp Lincolnshire j CQroper^ Aj^ts

1899,

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on. the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[9th August 1899.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have eheerf ully granted to Your, M aj esty, in thi§ session of.Parliament, have resolved.to. grant unto Your..Majesty th&suEg., herein-after .mentioned; .and do thereforemost .humbly beseech. Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and bd it enacted) by thg. Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority 'of- the same, as follows:

i Grant out of Oomolidated Fxvnd.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Cpnsohdated ^Em^tofithe United Kingdom bf-.Great Britain and Ireland, and apply tbwards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the servic!rof the year ending on the thirty-first day of March .one thousand nine hundred, the sum, of. fifty-five; million:. eight hundred and fifty-eight thousand twahundred iand sixtyTthree. pou©ds.,l.vi

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England may advance to the-Treasury on the, credit of the said

. sum,- any sum- or sums- not exceeding in the whole th,e. sum. of fifty-five million eight hundred | and fifty-eight thousand t.w.O hundred and sixty-three pounds, and the -Treasury shall r.epay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding, five,'.pounds pe£ centum per annum, out of the growing) produce ,o£>the .Consolidated; Fund at any period not later than the next rSugeeeding quarts that in which the said moneys .were borrowed,.

Any moneys so borrowed shall- be placed to the-credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said

Ch. 49,

M3

4899.- AppropriatwnAttj 1899.1

Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available*

Appropriation of Grants:; 8

3. All sums granted by this Act and the. other Act mentioned in Appropriation Schedule.(Aj)^annexed to this. Act out of the .said/Consolidated ®f

Fund towards making good, the supply granted to Her- Majesty, s^Se8 and';j ‘Amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate,: to of sums sSP * the sum of eighty->seven million three ^hundred and fifteen thousand applied as two hundred and seventy-eight pounds five shillings and one penny fna;£prla ons are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as .from the date, of the .passing of the Act mentioned in .the said Schedule (A ,),f or theservices and purposes expressed in Schedule (6.)

Annexed, hereto.

The abstract.of schedules and schedules, annexed hereto, with the notes (if .any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body ^hereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of .the. Public Accounts and Charges Act, 189.1, to be 54 & soviet, ^applied as appropriations-in aid of the grants for the .services °*24, mImj And purposes specified du, Schedule. JB.. annexed hereto, the. sums 1 'Respectively set forth in the .last,column of the said schedule

4. If a necessity ai'ise for incurring expenditure not provided for Treasury dnthedmms appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, may, in and which it may be detririiental to the public service to postpone

Juntil provisibri^an 'be made 'foy -it' b^ iParliam^t ifi toe Usual course, each of toe departments entrusted with the control over the expenditure said serviceSifshalLforthwito.auake application, in writing to .the ^1rpro^[ed Treasury for-toeir autlmjaty ta .defray temporarily.vauch expen- that the* diture out of any surpluses which, may have 1 been or1 which may aggregate be effected by the saving of expenditure upon Votes within the ^l^lerrioee same department, and -in such application the department shall and for the represent to the Treasury toe circumstances which may render arm7 services such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon toe Treasury ^exceedei6 may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes %jthin toe same department'; and a Statement showing all cases in which toe naval and military departments* have obtained the sanction of toe Treasury td any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes afotos&id^'atecbinpaniedjby copiesiof the4 5 representottofis made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of-Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, 4'n order that - stich proceedings may be %Ubmitt&fl for toe sanction bf Parliament, and that provision may beJ made for toe deficiencies upon the- several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

164

Ci. 49.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vick.

Sanction for nary and army expenditure foi 1897-98 unprovided for. 60 & 61 Vict C. 67.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

Short title.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by the Appropriation Act, 1897, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight to be temporarily defrayed out of surpluses effected by the saving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of five hundred and fifty-one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six pounds eighteen shillings and twopence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

2nd. A sum of one hundred and thirty-three thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven pounds eight shillings and ninepence for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1899.

ABSTRACT

03?

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A)

£ 8. cl.

- 87,315,378 5 1

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

1899.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

Ch. 49.

165

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

1897-98-99.

Part 1. Army Ordnance Factories Excess, 1897-98 2. Civil Services Excesses, 1897-98 , 3. Navy (Supplementary), 1898-99

(Army (Supplementary), 1898-99 - < -

Army Ordnance Factories (Supplementary), 1898-99 -, 5. Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1898-99 - -

1899-1900.

Part 6. Navy -7 / Army " \ Army (Ordnance Factories)

, 8. Civil Services, Class I.

, 9. Ditto, Class II.

, 10. Ditto, Class m.

, 11. Ditto, Class IY.

» 12. Ditto, Class Y.

, 13. Ditto, Class YI.

, 14. Ditto, Class YU.

, 15. Lord Kitchener of Khartoum Total Civil Services -, 16. Revenue Departments, &c. Grand Total

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations Aid. in

£ 8. d. £ 8. d.

100 0 0 32,709 10 3

1 5 x —

350,000 0 0 40,000 0 0

885,000 0 0 480,000 0 0

100 0 . 0 400,900 0 0

624,914 0 0 68,055 0 0

1,860,115 5 1 1,021,664 10 8

26,594,500 0 0 983,539 0 0

20,617,200 0 0 3,200,133 0 0

100 0 0 3,319,000 0 0

1,977,622 0 0 81,428 0 0

2,160,715 0 0 514,879 0 0

3,809,588 0 0 692,187 0 0

12,211,610 0 0 78,655 0 0

1,533,840 0 0 126,298 0 0

592,040 0 0 145 0 0

142,926 0 0 7,204 0 0

30,000 0 0 —

22,458,341 0 0 1,500,796 0 0

15,785,022 0 0 406,049 0 0

87,315,278 5 11 10,431,181 10 3

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

SCHED. (A.)

For the service of the years ended on the 31st March 1898 and 1899: —

Under Act 62 Vict. o. 2.

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1900: — Under Act 62 Vict. c. 2. *

Under this Act ...

Total

- 1,860,115 5 1

- 29,596,900 0 0

- 55,858,263 0 0

. £87,315,278 5 1

166

Ch. 49.

Appropriation Ant, 1899.

62 & 63 .Vicii

SCHED. (B.)

Part 1.

Army

Ordnance

Factories

Excess,

1897-98.

SCHED. (B.) Part 2.

Civil Services

Excesses,

1897-98.

SCHED. (B.) Part 3.

Navy

Supple-

mentary,

1898-99,

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Army Ordnance Factories Excess, 1897-98.

Sum granted to make good the excess on the grant for the expense of the Ordnance .Factories for the year ended on the 81st day of March 1898 .....

Sums not exceeding

, Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ s. cl. £ s. d.

o 1 o o o 32,709 10 3

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Civil Services Excesses, 1897-98.

£ s. d.

Sum granted to make good an excess on the grant for the Public Record Office for the year ended 31st March 1898 - - 1 5 1

SCHEDULE (B.) — Pa&t 3.

Navy Supplementary, 1898-99,

Sow granted to meet additional expenditure for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.:- —

Vote 2. Victualling and clothing for the Navy Vote 8. Shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c.

Sec. 2. Materiel - - -

Vote 9. Naval armaments

Total

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 144,000- £ 6,000

128,000 78,000 I ' 12,000 : 22,000

1 350,000 40,000

1899.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

Ch. 49.

m

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4. Army Supplementary, 1898-99.

SCHED. (B.) Past 4.

Army Supple-

SuM granted to meet additional expenditure for Army Services for the mentaiy, year ended on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.: — 1898-99(

Volunteer Corps, pay and allowances Transport and remounts Clothing establishments and services 'Warlike and other stores Works, Buildings, and Repairs

Appropriations in Aid (Votes 1, 9, 10) Total ...

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

261,000

169.000

208.000

630.000 97,000

1,365,000

480.000

£885,000 ;

Appropriations in Aid.

Army (Ordnance Factories) (Supplementary), 1898-99.

£ 1 £

Sum granted to meet additional Expenditure for

Army Ordnanee Factories for the year ended 31st March 1899 - . - 100 400,900

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5. Sohbd. (B.y

Pabt 5.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), civil Services

1898-99. (Supple-

_ , mentary).

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the 1898-99. Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1899; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class I.

For expenditure in respect of royal palaces For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, Great Britain - For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings - -

For maintaining certain harbours under the Board of Trade

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations in Aid.

5.000

2.000

17,100

926

I6S

CH. 49.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

SCBED. (B.)

Fabs 5. Civil Services (Supplementary), J898-99.

Class II.

For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs * -

For the salaries and expenses of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of coinage -

For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office - - -

For the salaries and expenses of the General Valuation and Boundary Survey of Ireland

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

3.400 —

2,400 —

50 27,100

891 —

5 325

Class III.

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Land Registry - - 4,100

For the salaries and expenses connected with the county courts ..... 10

For the salaries and expenses of the offices of Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh - 1,300

For the expenses of reformatory and industrial

schools in Ireland - 1,168

3,990

140

Class IV.

For a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures for the National Gallery -

11,800

Class V.

For grants in aid of the expenses of the British Protectorates in Uganda and in Central and East Africa - -

For sundry Colonial services, including certain grants in aid - -

For making good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury chests abroad in the year 1897-8

256,000

139,425

12,114

Class VI.

For superannuation, retired, compensation, and compassionate allowances .....

For a grant in aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics, Ireland - ...

For making good the sum by which the interest accrued in the year ended 20th November 1898, from securities held by the National Debt Commissioners, on account of "The Fund for the Banks for Savings " and " The Fund for Friendly Societies " was insufficient to meet the interest which the said Commissioners are obliged by statute to pay and credit to trustees of savings banks and to friendly societies; and also the sum by which the interest accrued in the year

5,000

517

1899.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

Ch. 49.

169

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Class VI. — continued. ended 31st December 1898, from securities held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of " The Post Office Savings Banks Fund," was insufficient to meet the interest which the said Commissioners are obliged by statute to pay and credit to depositors and the expenses incurred during that year in the execution of Acts relating thereto ..... £ ' vi 58,516 £

Class VII.

For making good certain sums written off from the assets of the local loans fund - - 1,692 —

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office Services, the expenses of Post Office Savings Banks, and Government Annuities and Insurances, and the collection of the Post Office Revenue For the salaries and working expenses of the Post Office Telegraph Service - 96,500 5,000 10,500 26,000

Total, Civil Services and 1 Revenue Departments / 624,914 68,055

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.: —

m.

1. For wages, &c. to 110,640 officers, seamen, and boys, coastguard, and Royal marines -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations in Aid.

A 24.2.700

118.317

SCHED. (B.)

. Fast 5.J j Civil Services (Supplementary), 1898-99.

SOHED. (B.) Fast 6.

Navy.

170

Cs. 49.

Appropriation Act, 18,99.

62 &j 63 Vic^,

SCHED. (B.) Pabt 6.

Navy.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid,

No. £ £

2. For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad - ti . - 1,606,700 445,012

3. For medical services, including the cost, of medical establishments at home and abroad 176,600 21,290

4. For martial law, including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad 12,200 32

5. For educational services ... 90,600 29,156

6. For scientific services - . . . 69,500 12,841

7. For the expense of the royal naval reserve, and the retired officers and seamen pensioner reserve - ..... 271,000 113

' 8. Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad - - . . - - - 2,417,000 12,815

, Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, <fcc., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad 3,799,000 161,000

, Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for 3 shipbuilding, repairs, &c. ... 6,601,000 37,460

9. For naval armaments - 2,710,800 44,785

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the' cost of superin-tendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid. 11,730

and other charges connected therewith 795,100

11. For miscellaneous effective services 248,200 10,445

12. For the expense of the Admiralty Office 261,600 9,000

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to 12,214

officers of the navy and marines 774,700

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, 21,936

and compassionate allowances 1,116,000

15. For civil pensions and gratuities 341,500 393

16. For the expense necessary to be provided for under the arrangement made between the Imperial and Australasian Governments for the protection of floating trade in Austra- 35,009

lasian waters' - . . . . 60,300

Total Navi Services - £ 26,594,500 983,539

1899, £

Appropriation Act, 1899.

Ch.,49.

171

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March , 1900; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

Iso. 1. For the pay, allowances, and other charges of Her Majesty's Army at home and. abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments, and reserve (to a number not * J u _* /li) £

exceeding 90,000),. and departments -2. For the pay, &c. of medical establishments and 6,509,000 1,194,000

for medicines -3. For the pay, bounty, &c. of the militia (to a number not exceeding 131,670, including 305,800 1,300

30,000 militia reserve) ... 4. For the pay and miscellaneous charges of the 571,000 15,600

yeomanry cavalry -5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges of volunteer corps, including pay, &c. of the 75,000 10

permanent staff ---- 624,200 500

6. For the expense of transport and remounts 790,000 23,300

7. For provisions, forage, and other supplies '3,425,500 39,600

8. For clothing establishments and services . - 9, For the supply and repair of warlike and other 1,090,000 ... 416,500

stores - -10. For the Royal Engineer superintending staff, and expenditure for Royal Engineer works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad 2,531,000 408,000

(including purchases) 1,211,900 163,675

11. For establishments for military education 111,100 67,100

12. For miscellaneous effective services 13. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of 60,200 J 9,600

the War Office - - -14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non- 248,300 100

effective charges for officers and others 15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, for rewards for meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions to the widows and children of warrant 1,555,000 393,264

officers, exclusive of charges on India 16. For superannuation, compensation, and oom- 1,325,500 467,535

passionate allowances, and gratuities - 183,700 49

Total Army Services * £ 20,617,200 3,200,133

SCHED. (B.)

Pabt 7. Army.

172

Cm 49.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Part 7. Amy.

Sched. (B.) Part 8.

Civil Services. Class 1.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Army (Ordnance Factories). For the expense of the ordnance factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments : £ 100 £ 3,319,000

Total Army Services (including Ordnance \ Factories) - - - . £ j 20,617,300 6,519,133

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule: of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.: —

Sams not exceeding

No. 1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces and Marlborough House (including a supplementary sum of 4,000Z.) - - Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 53,000 £ 400

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens 119,000 5,620

3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of Parliament buildings - 36,000 300

4. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings - 54,000 750

5. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings. Great Britain - 30,000 145

6. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad - - - 31,000 850

7. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services ... 348,000 3,500

8. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes (including a supplementary sum of 65,000Z.) ..... 331,000 14,130

9. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and for minor services connected therewith 210,537 29,033

10. For maintaining certain harbours under the Board of Trade ..... 4,303 2,600

1899.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

Ch. 49.

173

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. £

11. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at £

Peterhead - » 12. For rates and contributions in lien of rates, &c., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers,' and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department, and for a contribution towards the expense of the Metropolitan 23,500

Fire Brigade - -13. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, and for the maintenance of drainage works on the River Shannon (including a supple- 419,705 17,600

mentary sum of 13,OOOOZ.) ... 14. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1889 and 1893, the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895, and the 217,641 6,500

Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896 99,936 —

Total Civil Services, Class I. - £ 1,977,622 81,428

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the £ £

House of Lords ..... 2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the 10,099 32,000

House of Commons -3.- For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury and subordinate 28,269 30,000

departments -4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home 89,300 3,230

Department and subordinate offices -5. For salaries and expenses of the department of 146,868 7,800

Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs - - " - - 74,482 650

Sched. (B.) Past 8.

Civil Services. Class I.

Sched. (B.)

Part 9. Civil Service*. Class n.

174

Ch. 49.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

SCHED. (B.)

Fast 9. Civil Services. Class IL

No.

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of

Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration

7. For salaries and expenses of the department

of Her Majesty's Most. Honourable Privy Council

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments

9. For the salaries and expenses of certain services

transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees,

&c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies Winding-up Act, 1890 .....

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of

Agriculture, and for paying certain grants in aid - -.

12. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Com-

mission for England and Wales, including the Endowed Schools department

13. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service

Commission .....

14. For salaries and expenses of the department of

the Comptroller and Auditor General

15. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of

Friendly Societies

16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Govern'

mentBoard - -

17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the

Commissioners in Lunacy in England

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, inch

the expenses of the coinage -

19. For salaries and expenses of the National

Office - - -

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public B

Office in England ...

England

including the Debates

reports of

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

48,905 —

11,900 1,657

193,098 10,515

94,070 49,826

9 134,666

103,919 8,100

42,594 —

43,405 —

61,407 2,517

7,112 ' —

198,732 4,800'

14,446 1,201

77 99,000

14,274 2,044

24,300 -

s - 23 10,450

39,884 L r lux. , 8,000

f - -579,579 91,165

1899:

Appropriation Act, 1899.-

Ch.

175

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

No. j , ‘ 24 For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Grants. tions in Aid.

£ n

Majesty's. Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue

Records and Inrolments - 21,400 —

25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Co'mmissioners of Her Majesty's Works and .Public Buildings - 55,393

26. .For. Her Majesty's foreign and other secret iif'* i, services - 30,000

27. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices - 13,358

28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays - - 24,169

29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland - . - 5,454 480

30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland - - - , - 4,829 750

31. For salaries and expenses of the Local.Govern-. . <ment, Board- for Scotland, and for expenses under the Vaccination Act, Infectious Disease Notification Act, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, and Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, Public Health (Scotland) Act and

Poor Law (Scotland) Act ... 12,000 , —

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland 4,797

33. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and sub-

ordinate departments - - - 43,782 374

34. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests "for Ireland ..... 1,979 38

35. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland - 42,479 2,836

36. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Dublin . - 5,900

37. For salaries and expenses of the office of Public Works in Ireland ... 37,239 2,300

38. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &o., and. for expenses of collecting agricultural and other statistics in Ireland - , - 18,113 590

39/ For salaries and expenses of the general valua-

. tion and boundary survey of Ireland . - - 13,071 jj I 9,400

Total Civil . Services, Class II. - £ 2,160,715 &14"879

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9. Civil Services. Class II,

Ch. 49.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

SCHED. (B.) Past 10.

Civil Services. Class III,

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class HI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civtl Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

No. Grants. tions in Aid.

1. For the salaries of the law officers' department, the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen's Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings and £ £

of Parliamentary Agency * - ~ 2, For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, including grants in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Society and the Incorporated Law Society of Ireland 79,232 15,600

(including a supplementary sum of 5002.) 3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature as are not 49,700 12,731

charged on the Consolidated Fund -4. For salaries and expenses of the land 326,527 53,130

registry -5. For salaries and expenses connected with the 23,742 —

County Courts - -6. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and 39,714 . 435,000

expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -7. For the expenses of the prisons in England, 54,968 20

Wale?, and the Colonies ... 8. For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of 615,161 13,000

the Inspectors of Reformatories - -9. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in 264,195 23,500

Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum 10. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate's department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of 31,942 900

Law and Justice in Scotland - -11. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her 90,806 36,500

Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh 12. For the expenses of the Establishment of the 44,565 * —

Crofters' Commission -- . . 13. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial 5,000

statistics - 78,180 4,600

1899.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

Ch. 49.

177

Sums not exceeding

No. ' 14. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

other law charges in Ireland -15. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not 69,895 390

charged on the Consolidated Fund - 16. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the 109,777 2,550

Irish Land Commission - ... 17. For the salaries, allowances, expenses, and pensions of various county court officers, commissioners, and of magistrates in Ireland, 134,484 15,694

and the expenses of revision -18. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, of the police courts and of the 111,675 4,030 '

metropolitan police establishment of Dublin 98,316 46,949-

19. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary 20. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual 1,350,900 23,493

criminals ..... 21. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial 114,096 3,250

schools in Ireland ..... 22. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in 110,169 850

Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland 6,544 —

Total Civil Services, Class III. - - £ 3,809,588 692,187

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sens granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in«pid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No. 1. For public education in England and Wales, including the salaries and expenses of the Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

Education Office in London, &c. 2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants 8,753,986

in aid 3. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, and of the Natural History Museum, including certain grants in aid (including a 581,793 6,000

supplementary sum of 3,7501.) 4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank, including a grant in 170,030 8,625

aid for the purchase of pictures 11,149 1,600

M

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10. Civil Services; Class III.

SCHED. (B.) Fart 11. Civil Services-. Class IV.

176

CH. 49.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

SCHED. (B.)

Pam io. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Oj^nj68* Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civtl Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.: —

Sams not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers' department, the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, Queen's Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, and of other legal proceedings and of Parliamentary Agency - - - 2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, in- cluding grants in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Society and the Incorporated Law Society of Ireland £ £

79,232 15,600

(including a supplementary sum of 5001.) 3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature as are not 49,700 12,731

charged on the Consolidated Fnnd -4. For salaries and expenses of the land 326,527 53,130

registry - - -5. For salaries and expenses connected with the 23,742

County Courts ..... 6. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and 39,714 435,000

expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -7. For the expenses of the prisons in England, 54,968 20

Wale?, and the Colonies ... 8. For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of 615,161 13,000

the Inspectors of Reformatories - -9. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in 264,195 23,500

Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum 10. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate's department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of 31,942 900

Law and Justice in Scotland * - -11. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her 90,806 36,500

Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh 12. For the expenses of the Establishment of the 44,565 ' —

Crofters' Commission - 13. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial 5,000

statistics ..... 78,180 4,600

1899.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

Ch. 49.

177

I Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

No. . Hr. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and Grants. | tions in Aid.

£ £

other law charges in Ireland ... 69,895 390

15. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund. - 109,777 2,550

16. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission - . - 134,484 15,694

17. For the salaries, allowances, expenses, and pensions of various county court officers, commissioners, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision - 111,675 4,030-

18. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, of the police courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin 98,316 46,949-

19. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary 1,350,900 23j493

20. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals ..... 114,096 3,250

21. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial schools in Ireland ..... 110,169 850

22. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dnndrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland 6,544 —

Total Civil Services, Class III. - - £ 3,809,588 692,187

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in^id in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 1. For public education in England and Wales, including the salaries and expenses of the £ £

Education Office in London, &c. 2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants 8,753,986

in aid - - -3. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, and of the Natural History Museum, including certain grants in aid (including a 581,793 6,000

supplementary sum of 3,7501.) 4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank, including a grant in 170,030 8,625

aid for the purchase of pictures ' - - 11,149 1,600

M

SCHED. (B.)

Past 10. Civil Services. Class III.

Sohed. (B.) Part 11. Civil Services-. Class IV.

178

Ch. 49.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

Schgo. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Services. Class IV.

Sched. (B.) Fart 12.

Civil Services. Class V.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid,

No. 5. For salaries and expenses of the National

£ £

Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase of portraits - 5,481

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection (Hertford House) ... 12,000

7. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &o., and other grants - - 36,724

8. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and expenses under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889- - 105,700

9. For salaries and expenses of the University of London - ... 9 17,940

10. For public education in Scotland, and for Science and Art in Scotland - 1,301,861

11. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manufactures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland 3,400

12. For the expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, including a grant in aid of the Teachers Pension Fund, — Ireland - ... 1,221,117 38,750

13. - For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners for managing certain- school endowments in Ireland ..... 910

14. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, including.a grant in aid for the. purchase of pictures - 2,500

15. For a grant in aid.of the expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland ..... 4,950 5,740

Total Civil Services, Class IV. - £ 1^,211,610 78,655

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will ome in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

No. Grants.- tions in Aid.

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad, and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure charge* £ £

able on the Consular Vote . - 497,335 103,298

1899.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

Ch. 49.

179

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. £ £

2. For grants in aid of the expenses of the British Protectorates in Uganda and in Central and East Africa and under the Uganda Railway Act, 1896 ..... 404,463

3. For sundry colonial services, including certain grants in aid (including a supplementary sum of 75,000Z.) - 547,801

4. For a grant in aid of the revenue of the Island of Cyprus ..... 13,000

5. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies - - - 71,241 23,000

Total Civil Services, Class V. £ 1,533,840 126,298

SCHEDULE (B.) — Pabt 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule-of-Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

I. For superannuation, retired, compensation, and compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, for certain compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury and for the salaries of £ £

medical referees - - 2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to their widows and 567,628

children 3. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allow- 5,130 — i-

ances . - 4. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances 1,785

in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid - 17,497 145

Total Civil Services, Class VI. - £ 592,040 145

Sched. (BO Part 12.

Civil Services. Class V.

Sched. (B.)

Part 13. Civil Services. Class VI.

180

Ch, 49.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

62 & 63 Vict.

SCHED. (8.)

Part 14. Civil Services. Class VII.

SCHEB. (B.) Part 15. Lord Kitchener of Khartoum, G.CJB.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 16. Revenue Departments, &c.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and other expenses of temporary

commissions, committees, and special inquiries (including a supplementary Bum of 9, 1751. for a grant in aid of the expenditure of the Congested Districts Board (Ireland)) -

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses (including

a supplementary sum of 4,0001)

3. For a grant to the Congested Districts Scotland

fund, constituted by the Congested Districts (Scotland) Act, 1897, in aid of expenditure in carrying out the purposes of the Act and for other purposes .....

4. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund

of certain miscellaneous advances -

5. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Royal

Commission for the British Section of the Paris International Exhibition, 1900

Total Civil Services, Class YII. - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

31,175 —

17,500 7,204

20,000

14,251 —

60,000 —

142,926 7,204

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

Lord Kitchener oe Khartoum, G.C.B.

Grant to Lord Kitchener of Khartoum, G.C.B., K.C.M.G., as an acknowledgment of his eminent services in planning and conducting the recent expedition in the Soudan - - 30,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 16.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &e. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1900; viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid,

No. £ £

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs

Department ..... 846,600 49,240

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue

Department ..... 1,966,232 15,000

1899.

Appropriation Act, 1899.

Ch. 49,50.

181

JSo.

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office

services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue .

4. For the expenses of the Post Office packet service

5. For salaries and working expenses of the Post

Office telegraph service ...

Total Revenue Departments - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

8,552,885 780,915 124,700 174,474

3,638,390 42,635

15,785,022 406,049

SCHED. (B.) Past 16. Revenue Departments, &c.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act for establishing a Department of Agriculture and other Industries and Technical Instruction in Ireland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Department of Agriculture and other Industries and Technical Instruction.

1, — (1.) There shall be established a Department of Agriculture Establishment and other Industries and Technical Instruction for Ireland (in this

Act referred to as " the Department "), with the Chief Secretary as Agriculture. President thereof, and a Vice-President appointed by and removable at the pleasure of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

(2.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any power or duty of the Department may be exercised or performed by the President or the Vice-President, or by any person appointed by the President to act on behalf of the Vice-President during the temporary absence of the Vice-President.

(3.) The office of Vice-President of the Department shall not render the person holding the same incapable of being elected or of sitting or voting as a member of Parliament, or avoid his election if returned, or render him liable to any penalty for sitting or voting in Parliament.

(4.) The Vice-President of the Department shall be ex officio a member of the Congested Districts Board for Ireland.

182

Ch» 'SO. Agriculture and Technical Instruction 62 & 68‘^icT (Ireland) Act, 1899.

Powers and 2 — (!) There shall be transferred to the Department at such

duties of dates respectively as the Lord Lieutenant by Order appoints- — ; E^ent. (a‘) Tke powers and duties of the Lord Lieutenant (whether acting alone or by the advice of the Privy Council), the Chief Secretary and the Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant under the Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 and 1896;

(6.) The powers and duties of the Lord Lieutenant acting By the advice of the Privy Council under the Destructive, Insects Act, 1877, and the Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1893;

I (c.) The powers and duties of : the. Registrar-General for Ireland i and the Irish Land Commission-, with reference to, the

- collection and publication of statistics relating to agriculture,

- and of returns of average prices of agricultural produce;

- -(d) The powers and duties of the Irish Land Commission under rO,3f>Hhe Markets andiFairs (WeighingL<i>fuGattle)J Acts, 1887 and

1891;

(e.) The administration of the grant for science and art in Ireland; (/.) The administration of the giant in aid of technical ) instruction, as defined by the Technical Instruction Act, 1889, in Ireland;

5 (g.) The powers and duties of the Department of Science and Art iU relation. to any public building or^ifistittttfdft iff Ireland ---under-their control, and also any property in Ireland held by or for the purposes of that Department;

'(ft.) The powers-and duties of the Commissioners of National . Education in connexion with th^-vAlfiert Institution and the ^funster Institutiph, an^' also . all property field by those , Commissioners (or the purposes of the, said institiitions j and ' (#.) The powers and duties of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, (2.) A copy of every Order of the Lord Lieutenant under this; section shall be published in the Dpfilin Gazette.

Provision As from the,date, of, the,transfer in purs;pne^,of -this';

with reference the department of the^dwers and duties of the Inspectors

of <*? Irish Fisheries, thoiie Inspectors shall fie transferred and attached

-to'-the1 Department as officers thereof, and 'the Dep^rtifientr shall,

; so long as any two of them continue to« h'bM» office, astion to onefff ithem -the-performance, in the name of the Department, of the duties- of those Inspectors under the-enactments of- the ^Fisheries (Ireland)1 Adts,-1'842: to 1898;/specified inr-the ‘FifcSt Schedule to this Act, and such other (if any) of the duties so transferred-hs maybe declared by-am‘Order* in Council Of Lieutenant

to partake of a judicial character,' ifii'd shall ^delegate - tov such Inspector such of the * powers- So -transferred* as are; necessary ffir the performance of the duties bo- assigned.

(2.) So soon as one only those Inspectpi^- eentl'nues to hold office the Department shall aesignrto^&n-'ot to ofie-bf the (other officers of the-Department' the-fike,-'pertormanCei dfirthe said duties, and shall delegate- to such-Inspector^ er'*dfficer Mch powers as aforesaid.

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall affect any prortsioff-iff'the Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1898, Conferring artght of appeal $it reject of any byelaw, rule, regulation order, award,v detertnihation;

57 & 58 Vict. e. 57.

59 & 60 Vict. o. 15..

40 & 41 Vict c. 68.

56 & 57 Vict. 156.

50 & 51 Vict. 6. 27.

54&55-V!et. e.70.

52 & 58 Vict. c. 76.

1899. Agriculture and Technical Instruction Ch. 50. too

(Ireland) Act, 1899.

J$tfd£ment, decision, or definition under those Acts, or requiring the confirmation thereof.

Anything in the Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1'898, requiring any act to be done or application to be heard by more than one Inspector shall be repealed.

V' XS.) Rules for the purposes of this section shall bemade by the ^Department subject to the approval of the Lord Chancellor.

4. — (1.) The Lord Lieutenant may, with the consent of the Power to (Treasury, by Order in Council, transfer to the Department such -powers and duties exercised and performed by any Government of Government Department in Ireland as are conferred or imposed by Or in Departments.

,pursuance of any Act, and appear to him to be of an administrative Character, and to relate to any powers and duties similar or analogous to those by this Act transferred to the Department*

.(2.).,Where any powers and duties proposed to be transferred by An Order under this section are exercised and performed' by .any Department, not being a Department of the Irish Government, the Order shall not- be made without the. consent of such first-mentioned Department.

, 5. The Department may make, or cause to be made, or aid in Powers of t making, such inquiries, experiments, and research, and collect, or aid in collecting, such information as they may think important inquiries; er--ibr the purposes dfc agriculture and other rural industries. periraents, sir.

6:-7-(l.) The Department may, with, the consent of the Lord Sta®and . Lieutenant and the. Treasury, appoint or employ a. secretary, two assistant secretaries, one in respect .of, agriculture and one' in respect tdr technical-instruction^ and such inspectors,.instructors, officers, and servants as the Department may require!. |

B (2.) There shall be paid dtit of money provided by-Parliament to .the Vice-President: of the Department, the annual salary \ of one thousand two hundred pounds, together; with a.residential allowance not exceeding the annual sum of one hundred and fifty pounds, and to the secretary, assistant secretaries, inspectors, officers, and servants of the Department such salaries or, remuneration as Epe Department, with the sanction of the Treasury may determine.

(3.) All .expenses incurred by the.,Department in the exercise M jtbeir powers or the performance of their duties under this Part of -this Act, other than expenses incurred in relation to.,the Albert Institution and the Munster Institution, shall, save so far as they otherwise, provided for under any Act, to.such amount. as may W sanctiened'-py the Treasury, be paid out of money*provided by Parliament. - r,

PART II.

CONSULTATIVE- COUNCIL* "AGRICULTURAL BOARD AND BOARD OP

Technical Instruction, HSSffijl Financial Provisions.-'-7. Fbr the 'putpole'df assisting the Department in carrying out the. objects of this Act there shall b^*eStablished — I

- (a) .a CouncWdf Agriculture; ..

* tS) an Agricultural Board; and fSoli

(c) a Board of Technical Instruction. instruction.

184

Ch. 50. Agriculture and Technical Instruction 62 & 63 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1899.

Constitution of Council of Agriculture.

Constitution of Agricultural Board.

Constitution of Board of Technical Instruction.

'Duties of Council of Agriculture.

Duties of Agricultural Board.

Duties of Board of Technical Instruction.

Bower to

appoint

committees.

8. — (1.) The Council of Agriculture shall consist of the following

members: —

(a.) Two persons to be appointed by the county council of each county (other than a county borough) in each province; and (b.) A number of persons resident in each province equal to the number of counties (exclusive of county boroughs) in the province, to be appointed by the Department with due regard to the representation on the council of any agricultural or industrial organisations in the province.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the county of Cork shall be regarded as two counties, and four persons shall be appointed by the council of that county.

(3.) The members representing each province shall constitute separate committees on the Council and shall be styled the provincial committees of the respective provinces.

9. The Agricultural Board shall consist of the following members: —

(a.) Two persons to be appointed by the provincial committee of each province; and (6.) Four persons to be appointed by the Department.

10. The Board of Technical Instruction shall consist of the following members: —

(a.) Three persons to be appointed by the county council of each of the county boroughs of Dublin and Belfast;

(b.) One person to be appointed by a joint committee of the councils of the several urban county districts in the county of Dublin; such committee to consist of one member chosen out of their body by the council of each such district;

(c.) One person to be appointed by Die council of each county borough not above mentioned;

\d.) One person to be appointed by the provincial committee of each province;

(e.) One person to be appointed by the Commissioners of National Education;

(/.) One person to be appointed by t'ie Intermediate Education Board; and

(g.) Four persons to be appointed by the Department.

11. The Council of Agriculture shall meet at least once a year for the purpose of discussing matters of public interest in connexion with any of the purposes of this Act.

12. The Agricultural Board shall advise the Department with respect to all matters and questions submitted to them by the Department in connexion with the purposes of agriculture and other rural industries.

13. The Board of Technical Instruction shall advise the Department with respect to all matters and questions submitted to them by the Department in connexion with technical instruction.

14. — (1.) The council of any county or of any urban district may appoint a committee for the purposes of this Part of this Act consisting partly of members of their own body and partly of other persons.

1899. Agriculture and Technical Instruction Ch. 50. 185

(Ireland) Act, 1899.

(2.) Any two or more public bodies may, subject to regulations of the Department, appoint a joint committee for the purposes of this Part of this Act, with such representation thereon of each public body as, subject to the provisions of this Act, may be agreed upon or, in case of dispute, determined by the Department.

15. The following moneys shall be placed at the disposal of the Moneys Department for the purposes of this Part of this Act: — gjj ®

(a.) The annual sum of seventy-eight thousand pounds directed Department, to be paid to the Commissioners of National Education, out of the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account, by section three of the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890; ®3 & 54 v*ct<

(6.) Out of the annual income derivable from the surplus of the c‘

Irish Church Temporalities Fund, during a period of fifteen years from the commencement of this Act, the annual sum of seventy thousand pounds, and thereafter during each subsequent period of fifteen years such annual sum as in the opinion of the Treasury can be paid without impairing the security for any liabilities existing at the commencement of this Act upon that Fund.

Provided that if in the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one the Treasury are of opinion that the said sum of seventy thousand pounds cannot be paid without impairing the security for such liabilities in that year, there shall be paid such lesser sum as . in the opinion of the Treasury can be paid without impairing such security.

(c.) That portion of the Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund reserved

by the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, for expenditure 54 & 55 Vict. elsewhere than in the congested districts counties, including & 48‘ all money due on foot of loans, and for interest, dividends, and other annual income payable on account of the same;

(d.) An annual sum of twelve thousand pounds, to be paid out of money provided by Parliament, as an equivalent for the salaries attached to the judgeships abolished or left vacant, and the savings effected by the abolition or consolidation of offices, in pursuance of the Supreme Court of Judicature eo & 61 Vict. (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1897; c- 66-

(e.) Such sums as have up to the commencement of this Act been carried by the Treasury to a separate account, under section thirteen of the said Act of 1897, in respect of the salaries attached to the judgeships abolished or left vacant and the net savings in the said section mentioned;

(/.) An annual sum of six thousand pounds, to be paid out of money provided by Parliament, representing the amount of the expenses heretofore paid out of such money in connexion with instruction given in Ireland in agriculture, exclusive of any such instruction given in elementary national schools; and

(g.) All sums paid to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account pursuant to the Local Taxation (Ireland) Estate Duty Act, 56 & 60 Vict. 1896, which are not required for the purposes of the Local ?^4£68 y;c). Government (Ireland) Act, 1898. 0, 37.

186 *0h: 50. Agriculture and^fkknical %nstniction 62 & 63 Vict,

(Ireland) Act, 1899.

Application 16. — (1.) The money placed" at the disposal of the Department

of money. -by this Part dflthis Act shall be applied for the purposes andm

'the proportions following

(tt.) A capital sum which shall not, save with the concurrence off the Agricultural Board, exceed fifteen thousand pounds shall be applied for the purpose of" providing suitable buildings, fittings, and appliances for the Royal "Veterinary College of Ireland.

j V(B.) A capital suni which shall not, Save with the like concur- j rence, exceed ten thousand pounds shall be applied for the purpose of purchasing and stocking additional land, q,nd providing suitable buildings, fittings, and appliances in connexion therewith for the Munster Institution.

' (e.y The annual sum of fifty-five (thousand pounds shall be divided into such portions as may be . determined by the Department, with the concurrence of, the Board of Technical -Instruction, and of those portions —

One shall be distributed in proportion- to their . . ..respective populations between the county boroughs,-land shall be applied by the respective? councils of those 1-^boroughs ipaj^fof..schemes, approved by the Department, * ... for thdpqiqjoaes of technical instruction; and -. (if,). The other portion shall be applied, subjectcas regards l) ( . - r any particular application: to the . concurrence of the Board of Technical Instruction, for . the purposes of technical - instruction. elsewhere than in the county ., boroughs, and rini making, or aiding in making such , inquiries and collecting.v.or; aiding in collecting such ^information as the Department, may. think important for the purposes of technical instruction.

.- The annual sum of ten. thousand pounds-shall1 be applied i- for the purposes of sea:fisheries.

Such sums as may he: required, shall be applied for the . payment of the salaries or superannuation allowances of any , officers or persons formerly, employednnder the Commissioners of National Education and transferred, to the Department in ..i> pursuance of ithig Act.

C/v): Such: sums as the .Department consider reasonable sMll be : applied for;decaying expeinSeS for travelling and* sub.« pis|epce, wheW absent, from home, pBiithe; members of the council, and of each board established by: this Act. iv (S>) The, surplus remaining :of..the‘. aforesaid money shalUbe , applied, subject as regards any : particular application to the (.conmrrence of the Agricultural Board, for the purposes of , -j agriculture and other rural industries or sea fisheries. ja^cThe determination of the; portions'"intoi "which"' t&e said annual sum of fifty-five thousand poqnds ia to bA dividbS,‘shall have effect -for ' .perfod- bf three -years from tie'4 cdifimenceinent I Cf this Act, and at the end of that peridd and of each; Sub$e:4ueut" period of three years a new determination.' m&y ‘beittad'e subject ., to the like concurrence as is provided by this section.

'1899' Agriculture and Technical Instruction Ch. 50. 187

(Ireland) Act, 1899.

y j(3.) Any money not expended in any financial year upon the I 'purposes to which the same is made applicable by or in pursuance of this section shall be accumulated and may be expended for those purposes in any subsequent year.

(4.) Any money accumulated under this section may be invested by the Department in any securities in which trustees are by law for the time being authorised to invest trust moneys, s (5.) Money to be applied by the Department under this Part of this Act shall be applied subject to any conditions which the ^Department may require. i>.vjq.^o2

(6.) The Department shall not, in the absence of special considerations, apply or approve of the application of money under this section (other than the capital sums in this section mentioned) tO' schemes in respect of which aid is not given oUt of money provided by local authorities or from other local sources.

17. — *(1.) The Department may take such steps as they, think Pro^nfor

_,(a) for appearing: as complainant on behalf of any persons beforeRail-aggrieved in reference to any matter (other than a matter way and affecting the Postmaster General) which the Pail way and m; n nf Canal Commissioners, have jurisdiction to hear and determine; and for Rffdf .. , , prosecuting

r (b) for instituting .prosecutions under section, seven of the 56^57 vict. Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1893.- i; j c. 56. s. 7.

(2.) Any expenses incurred by the Department under this section shall be paid out of the money placed at their disposal by this Part of this Act for the purposes of agriculture and other rffrat industries. 18

18. The Department may at. the request of the Congested Provision (Districts Board for Ireland exercise, and discharge any of the wittl aspect~ powers and duties of that Board in or in relation to a congested aisnicts^ districts county, where the expenses thereby incurred are-defrayed counties, out of money provided by that Board or by local authorities or from .other local sources; but no money placed at the disposal Of the ‘Department by this Part of this Act shall be applied in or in relation to a congested districts county.

I 19. — (1.) The council of every county (other than a county Contributions -J&rjpugh) may, in addition, to any existing power, raise' equally b7 over the whole of the rural districts comprised in the county, authorities-by means of the poor rate, a sum not exceeding, an any one local financial year, a sum equal to a rate of one penny in the- pound on the rateable value of such rural districts at the beginning of -that year, and may apply the same for the purposes of agriculture and other rural industries, or for any other purpose for which they are authorised by or in pursuance of this Act to expend money.

' (2.) Notwithstanding anything in the Technical Instruction1 Acts, 52 & 53 vict. 1889 and 1891, the' rate taised for the' purposes of those Acts in a c. 76. rural district may, if the county council think fit, be applied under ®44& 55- Vict-this section for any of the purposes of agriculture and other rural industries not included in the said Acts.

186 -Gh.- 50. Agriculture and Technical Instruction 62 & 63 Vic*

(Ireland) Act, 1899.

Application 16. — (1.) The money placed' at the disposal of the Department

of money. by this Part of 'this Act shall be applied for the purposes and in thAptoportions following

(tk) A capital sum which shall not, save with the concurrence ojf the Agricultural Board, exceed fifteen thousand pounds stall be applied for the purpose of providing suitable buildings, fittings, and appliances for the Royal Veterinary College Of *- Iceland.

, (8.) A capital suni which shall not, feave with the like concur-; - rence, exceed ten thousand pounds shall be applied for the purpose of purchasing and stocking additional land, and providing suitable buildings, fittings, and appliances in connexion therewith for the Munster Institution.

(c.) T^he annual sum of fifty-five rthousand pounds shall be divided into such portions as may be . determined by the , Department, with the concurrence of the Board of Technical 'Instruction, and of those portions —

"(i.) One shall be distributed in proportion to their | respective populations between the county boroughs, and shall be applied by the respective-councils of those boroughs in aid of schemes, approved by the Department, , , |dr.the purposes of technical instruction; -and-i.f:

, - (ii,) The other portion shall be applied, subject , as regards . any particular application to the concurrence of the Board of Technical Instruction, for . the purposes of technical .instruction. elsewhere: than in.- the county boroughs, and ?ini making or aiding in making such -| .. inquiries and collecting or , siding in collecting such ..^information as the Department may , think important for the. purposes of technical-instruction.

(d;) - The annual sum of ten. thousand pounds -shalk be applied for the purposes of sea fisheries.

(e,).Such sums, as may he: required, shall be applied- for the . . payment of the salaries or superannuation allowances of any oncers or persons formerly, employed .under the Commissioners of National Education and transferred- to the Department in L. 4, pursuance of .this Act.:

,lu(^,), Such!SUms as the Department consider reasojiable shall be applied for, defraying the- expenses for travelling and- sub-: sistence, when absent, from bomb, ofnthej members of the council, and of each board established by-this Act. ii) (#,») The, surplus remaining of . the'; aforesaid -money shall) be ^applied* subject as regards any particular application- to the ,. (Concurrence of the Agricultural: Board, for the purposes of , <, agriculture and other rural industries or sea fisheries.

&;$jS);"The ^determination of the'^bWons^tinto^whicB the said annual sum of fifty-five thousand pounds is.to be divided shall have- effect -for- a! /period o^tfiffee years from the'* edinmenceinent - of this. Act, and at the end of that peridd and of ^,ch‘' Subsequent"' period of- three years a mew determination may Bo made subject :to the like concurrence as is provided by thiirseetion.

1899.

\Agricultureand Technical Instruction Ch. 50. lift (Ireland) Act, 1899.

j *(3.) Any money not expended in any financial year upon the ' purposes to which the same is made applicable by or in pursuance of* this section shall be accumulated and may be expended for , those purposes in any subsequent year.

f"5- (4.) Any money accumulated under this section may be invested by the Department in any securities in which trustees are by law for the time being authorised to invest trust moneys.

® '^6.) Money to be applied by the Department under this Part ' of this Act shall be applied subject to any conditions which the Department may require.

t- (6.) The Department shall not, in the absence of special /considerations, apply or approve of the application of money under this section (other than the capital sums in this section mentioned) to schemes in respect of which aid iis not given out of money provided by local authorities or from other local sources.-

i 17. — (1.) The, Department may take such steps as they, think Provision for Proper — - ..... ‘ Department

for appearing- as complainant on behalf of any persons befor^Raii-

, aggrieved in preference to any matter (other than a. matter way and affecting the Postmaster General) which the Railway and Canal Commissioners, have, jurisdiction to hear and determine; and for

. .. .and > . i . .r , prosecuting...,

r (6) for instituting . prosecutions under section, seven of the sg &r6y viet.

Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1893. ;. ._ c. 5$. s. 7. M

£ ~(2.) Any expenses incurred by the Department under this section shall be paid out of the money placed at their disposal by this Part of this Act for 4he purposes of agriculture and other ffftal industries.

18. The Department may at- the request , of the Congested Provision ^Districts Board for Ireland exercise and discharge any of the resPe<* ? powers and duties of that Board in.br in relation to a'congested districts county, where the expenses thereby incurred- are defrayed counties, out Of 'money provided by that Board or by local authorities or from mother local Source's j but no money placed at the- disposal of the department' by this. Part of this Act shall be applied in or in Relation to a congested districts, county.

19.&) The council of every county (other than a county Contributions fcBJ&ugh)- may, in .addition.-foi&hy' -existing powers:fhisel equally V ov&r ithe whole .of .the .rural ,districts comprised in the county, au on es‘ by means of the poor rate,: a. sum mot exceeding,in. any one local financial year, a sum equal to a rate of one penny in the1 pound on the rateable value of such rural districts,at the begfoning of -that year, and may apply the same for the purposes of sericulture and other rural industries, or for any other purpose for wnicfothey are authorised by or in pursuance of this Act toexpefidinohey;

1 (£.) Notwlthstandfog stoything in the Technical Instructid^Afcts, sa&ssvict. 1889‘and 189F,ilfe€riat#*ftdsed for theu purposes of thosft Acts in a °,76. rural distribt may,if the county council think fit, be appfijwJ'uiifibr - * this section for any of the purposes of agriculture and Other rural industries not included in the said Acts.

188

41 & 42 Vict. c. 58.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 87.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 53.

Style and seal of Department.

Proceedings of Department.

Off. 50. Agriculture and Technical Instruction* 62 & 63 Vict (Ireland) Act, 1899.

(3.) The council of every urban district may, in addition to any existing power, raise by means or out of any rate or fund applicable for the purposes of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and, in the case of a rate, assessed in the manner provided by that Act, a sum not exceeding in any one local financial year a sum equal to a rate of one penny in the pound on the rateable value of the urban district at the beginning of that year, and may apply the same for the purposes of technical instruction, or for any other purpose for which they are authorised by or in pursuance of this Act to expend money.

(4.) No money shall be applied under this section save —

(a) in accordance with the provisions of a scheme approved by the Department; or

(б) for defraying any administrative or incidental expenses incurred, with the approval of the Department, for the purposes of this Act.

(5.) A county or urban district council may borrow for the purposes of this Act- —

(a) In the case of a county council as if those .purposes were purposes for which they are authorised to borrow under the Order in Council under section one hundred and four of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898 ;

(6.) In the case, of an urban district council as if those purposes were purposes for which they are authorised to borrow under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

PART III.

Miscellaneous.

20. — (1.) The Department shall be a body corporate with a capacity to acquire and hold land for the purposes of this Act, and shall be' styled "The Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland," and may sue and be sued by that name.

(2.) The Department shall have an official seal, which shall be officially and judicially noticed, and such seal shall be authenticated by the signature of a member of the Department or of the secretary, or some person authorised by the Department to act on behalf of the secretary.

(3.) In the execution or performance of any power or duty transferred to the Department by or in pursuance of this Act, the Department shall adopt and use the style and seal of the Department. 21

21. — (1.) Every document purporting to be an order, licence, certificate, or other instrument issued by the Department, and to be sealed with the seal of the Department, authenticated in manner provided by this Act, or purporting to be signed by the secretary or any person authorised by the Department to act on behalf of the secretary, shall be received in evidence and be deemed to be such order, licence, certificate, or instrument without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

1899. Agriculture and Technical Instruction Cb. 50. 7 sq

(Ireland) Act, 1899.

' (2.) A certificate signed by any member of the Department or by any person appointed by the Department to act on their behalf that any order, licence, certificate, or other instrument purporting to be made or issued by the Department is so made or issued, flhn.ll be conclusive evidence of the fact so certified.

£' (3.) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as amended by the si &savict Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall apply to the Department °* 37-in like manner as if the Department were mentioned in the first *59* 48 Vict‘ column of the schedule to the first-mentioned Act, and a member of the Department1, or the secretary of the Department, or any person authorised by the Department to act on behalf of the secretary of the Department, were mentioned in the second column of that schedule, and as if the regulations referred to in those Acts included any document issued by the Department.

(4.) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall apply to any rules made by the Department under the Diseases of 69Aeovfct. c.i& Animals Acts, 1894 and 1896.

22. — (1.) There shall be transferred and attached to the Depart- Transfer of ment as officers thereof such of the persons employed under the o^erp^ons. Lord Lieutenant, the Privy Council, or any other Government Department, in or about the execution and discharge of the powers

and duties transferred by or in pursuance of this Act to the Department as the Lord Lieutenant may, with the sanction of the Treasury, determine.

r (2.) The Department may, subject to the provisions of this Act, distribute the business of the Department among the persons transferred thereto in pursuance of tins Act, or hereafter appointed officers of the Department, in such manner as the Department may think right, having regard to the duties previously performed by those officers, and those persons shall perform such duties in relation to that business as may be directed by the Department t Provided that any . persons transferred from any Government Department under this section shall, while they continue in office, beJ in1 no wbrse position as respects tenure of office, salaries, or jsuperannuatibh" allowances than they would have been in if this Act lad not passed.

(3.) Any Order in Council of the Lord Lieutenant made in pursuance of this Act which transfers any powers or duties to the Department shall extend this section to such of the persons employed in or about the execution and performance of those powers and duties as the Lord Lieutenant may determine.

23. Eor the purpose of co-ordinating educational administration, Consultative

there shall be established a Consultative Committee consisting of 0

the following members |*8K

(a.) The Vice-President of the Department, who shall be chairman thereof.?'

(6.) One person to be appointed by the Commissioners of National Education?;

' (c.) One person to be appointed by the Intermediate Education Board.;

190

Regulations, ex officio members, and secretaries of council of agriculture and boards.

Accounts of Department.

Reports of Department.

Duration of office of members of council and boards and casual, vacancies.

Ch. 50. Agriculture and Technical Instruction 62 & 63 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1899.

(d.) One person to be appointed by the Agricultural Board; and

(e.) One person to be appointed by the Board of Technical Instruction.

24. — (1.) The Department may make general regulations for regulating the proceedings for the appointment of the members of the council and: of each board established by this Act; and the number of meetings, the proceedings and quorum of such council' and boards, and the appointing body, council, or board shall act in accordance with those regulations.

(2.) The President and Vice-President of the Department shall be ex offieio members of such council and of each such board, but shall not, save as herein-after provided, vote at any meeting of such council or boards.

(3.) The President of the Department, or in his absence the Vice-President, may take the chair at any such meeting, and in such case shall have a casting vote. °

(4.) In the absence of the President and Vice-President Of the Department from any such meeting, any officer of the Department appointed by the President or Vice-President may attend the meeting.

(5.) The Department may require any of their own officers to act as secretaries or other officers of the Council or boards established by this Act.

25. The Department shall prepare, in such.'form and at such times as the Treasury may direct, accounts of the receipts .and expenditure of the Department, and within six months after the expiration of the financial year to which the accounts relate shall transmit the same to the Controller and Auditor-General to be audited, certified, and reported upon in conformity with regulations made by the Treasury, and the accounts, with the reports of the Controller and Auditor-General thereon, shall be laid: before the House of Commons as soon as may be after the reports are made.

26. The. Department shall once in,.every year,. as soon as possible after, the, close, of the financial year,-make reports to the Lord Lieutenant as to their proceedings under this Act, and all such reports shall be laid before Parliament.

27. — (1.) The members of the council and of each board established by this Act shall hold office for terms of three years (the first whereof shall date from the commencement of this Act), and may be re-appointed.

(2.) A member of such council or boards may resign office by giving notice of resignation to the secretary of the .council.

(3.) If any person is appointed a member of such council or boards by more than one appointing body, die may .elect which appointing body he will represent on the council Of board.

(4.) A casual vacancy .occurring through death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of member of such council or boards may be filled by the appointment of a person qualified in the same manner (if any) as the person whose-'Office is vacant, by the

1899. Agriculture and Technical Instruction Ch. 50. 191

(Ireland) Act, 1899.

authority or committee by whom the person whose office is vacant was appointed.

(5.) A person appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall retire from office at the same time as the person whose office is vacant would have retired.

28. — (1.) An Order of the Lord Lieutenant in Council under General pro-this Act unless annulled as herein-after mentioned shall be deemed vlsions and to have been duly made, and to be within the powers conferred by ag orders this Act, and no objection to the validity thereof shall be taken in in Council, any proceedings.

(2.) The Order shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after it is made, and if within the next subsequent forty days on which either House has sat that House presents an address to Her Majesty praying that any such Order may either in whole or in part be annulled, Her Majesty in Council may annul the same either in whole or in part as the case may require, and the Order or part so annulled shall thenceforth become void without prejudice to the validity of any proceedings taken under the same in the meantime:

Provided that where any Order or any part thereof is so annulled the Lord Lieutenant in Council may within six months thereafter make another Order in place of the Order or part so annulled subject nevertheless to be laid before Parliament and to be annulled by Her Majesty in Council in the manner above mentioned, and so on as often as occasion requires.

(3.) This, section shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to any rules or regulations of the Department under this Act.

29. — (1.) All enactments, orders, instruments, contracts, and Construction other documents relating to any powers or duties transferred by

or in pursuance of this Act from any authority to the Department shall, so far as circumstances admit, be construed as if any reference therein to the said authority, so far as it relates to the said powers and duties referred to the Department, and shall be construed with such modifications as may be necessary for carrying this Act into effect, and any act or thing which, but' for this Act might have been done by, to, or before any such authority, for the purpose of, or in connexion with the said powers and duties may be done by, to, or before the Department.

(2.) The expression "authority" in this section means the Department of Science and Art, the Lord Lieutenant (whether acting alone or by the advice of the Privy Council), the Chief Secretary, the Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, the Irish Land Commission, the Registrar-General for Ireland, the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, the- Board of National Education, and any other Government Department, or board of commissioners whose powers or duties are transferred by or in pursuance of this Act.

. 30.- — (1.) In this Act, unless the subject or context otherwise Definitions, requires: —

The expression " the. purposes of agriculture and other rural .

industries " includes the.aiding, improving, and developing of.

192

Ch. 50. Agriculture and Technical Instruction 62 & 63 Vict (Ireland) Act, 1899.

agriculture, horticulture, forestry, dairying, the breeding of horses, cattle and other live stock and poultry, home and cottage industries, the cultivation and preparation of flax inland fisheries, and any industries immediately connected with and subservient to any of the said matters and any instruction relating thereto, and shall also include the aiding or facilitating of the carriage and distribution of produce:

The expression " the purposes of sea fisheries " includes the construction of piers and harbours, the supply of fishing boats and gear, investigation into the habits of fish and methods-of fishing, instruction in fishing, the encouragement of any industries immediately connected with and subservient to fishing, the supervision and protection of fishing grounds, and the enforcement of byelaws relating to fishing:

The expression " technical instruction " means instruction in the principles of science and art applicable to industries, and in the application of special branches of science and art to specific industries or employments. It shall not include instruction given in elementary schools or teaching the practice of any trade or industry or employment, but save as aforesaid shall include instruction in the branches of science and art with respect to which grants are for the time being made by the Department, and any other form of instruction (including modem languages and commercial subjects) which may for the time being be sanctioned by the Department, by a minute laid before Parliament and made on the representation of a county or urban district council that such form of instruction is' required by the circumstances of its district, and shall also include instruction in the use of tools, and modelling in clay, wood, or other material:

The expression " rateable value," when used in relation to any area, means the annual rateable value under the Irish Valuation Acts of the hereditaments comprised in such area:

The expression "congested districts county" has the same meaning as in the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891:

The expression "public body" means any corporation, council, board of commissioners, or committee constituted by or in pursuance of any Act or any association constituted by any Act or charter:

The expression " powers " includes rights, jurisdiction, capacities, privileges, and immunities:

The expression " duties " includes responsibilities and obligations: The expression I the Irish Church Temporalities Fund " means the fund under the control of the Irish Land Commission by virtue of the Irish Church Act Amendment Act, 1881:

The expression " the Albert Institution " means the Albert Agricultural and Dairy Training Department at Glasnevin: The expression " the Munster Institution " means the Munster Dairy School and Agricultural Institute:

(2.) The Mussels, Periwinkles, and Cockles (Ireland) Act, 1898, may be cited with the Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1895,

54 & 55 Vict. C. 48.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 71.

61 & 62 Vict.

193

1899. Agriculture and Technical Instruction Ch. 50.

(Ireland) Act, 1899.

31. This Act may be cited as the Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland) Act, 1899, and shall extend to Ireland only.

32. Subject as in this Act mentioned this Act shall come into operation on the first day of April next after the passing thereof: Provided that the Vice-President of the Department may he appointed at any time after the passing of this Act and the Department shall thereupon be deemed to be established.

33. All proceedings affected by any powers or duties transferred by or in pursuance of this Act to the Department, and which are pending at the date of such transfer, may be continued and concluded as if such transfer had been made before the proceedings were instituted.

34. All Orders in Council of the Lord Lieutenant in relation to the powers and duties transferred by this Act and all byelaws, orders, rules, regulations and definitions of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries in force at the commencement of this Act shall continue in force until revoked or altered by the Department.

35. The Acts Specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule, but as respects the Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1895, and the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, the repeal shall not have effect until the respective dates appointed by order of the Lord Lieutenant for the transfer of powers and duties under those Acts.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Enactments of Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1898, imposing Judicial Duties.

Session and P- Chapter. Short Title. Enactments referred to.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842. Section twenty-six.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 108. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1845. Section three.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 88. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1850. Sections fourteen and fifty-four.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 114. The Salmon Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1863. Sections five, six, seven, eleven and sixteen.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 97. The Oyster Fishery (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1856. Sections five, six, ten, fourteen, and fifteen.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 9. The Salmon Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1869. Section four.

Short title and extent of Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

Pending

proceedings.

Saving of existing orders, byelaws, &c.

Repeals.

Section 3.

N

194

Cir. 50. AgricvMuve and Technical Instruction 62 & 63 Yior .(Ireland) Act, 1899.

-Section 35.

— — j

Session and Chapter. ' Short Title. Enactments referred to*

32 & 33 Vict. 0.92. The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1869. Sections fourteen and sixteen.

47 & 48' Vict. c. 48. The Oyster Cultiva-l tion Act, 1884. Sections two to six, ten, and sixteen.

61 & 62 Vict. <,<>.28. The Mussels, Peri-| winkles, and Cockles (Ireland) Act, 1898. 1 Sections four and five. 1

SECOND SCHEDULE. Acts Repealed.

Session and Chapter. . ] Short Title. . Extent of Repeal.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 114. The Salmon Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1863. Sections , thirty-three and thirty, five.

29 & 36^ Vict. <5. 88. The Oyster Beds (Ireland) Act, 1866. Section four.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 9. The Salmon Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1869. Section two.

32 & 33 Vict. 6. 82. The Fisheries (Irer land) Ajct,r|p^ i-1g§ Section six, section seven from " and any one " to the end of the - section, section nine.

53 & 54 Vict. i c. 60. I The Local Taxation, Customs, and Excise Juci.lBo. 1/Section three from- ,cto‘the Com-, L i, missioners " to " herein-before " mentioned," and from " Ex- pressions " to the end of the section, being sub-section two.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 57. The Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, Section sixty-five from " Any Act " to "being to the Lord-Lieu-, " tenant," being sub-sections two and. three. Action seventy-six from " A copy " of " to : " publication of the " order," being sub-sections two and three.

60 & 61 Vict. c-,66. The Supreme Court of Judicature( Ireland) (No, 2), Act, 1897. - Section thirteen.

1899.

Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1899.

Ch. 51.

195

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the sale of Food and Drugs. [9th August 1899.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and By the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — >(1.) If; there is imported into the United Kingdom any ofprecautions the following articles, namely: — - against

, (a):?margarine or margarine-cheese, except in packages con- J^turai sfgpieuously marked " Margarine " or " Margarine-cheese," as the and other |'3 ease may require; on ft , produce

Sk (6) ^adulterated or impoverished butter (other than margarine) or ^rlff^ien y adulterated or impoverished milk or cream, except in packages S^or cans conspicuously marked with a name or description indicating that the butter or milk or cream has been so 1 treated; or'

'‘ (c) condensed separated or skimmed milk, except in tins or other receptacles which hear a label whereon the words Machine-skimmed Milk " of '"'Skimmed Milk," as the case T may require; are printed-in large and legible type; or.

fedS) any adulterated dr impoverished article of food to which P&Hef Majesty may by Order in Council direct that this section shall be applied; unless the same be imported in packages or - reeeptaeles conspicuously marked with a name or description indicating that the article has been so treated; the importer shall be liable, on summary conviction, for the first ^offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, for the second offence to a fine not exceeding fifty nounds, and for any subsequent offence |td a fine not" exceeding one Hundred 'pounds, .'

R (2.) The word " importer " shall include any person who, whether as owner; consignor, oT consignee, agent, or broker, is in possession of,^r in anywitee entitled to the custody or control of, the article;

Hfosecutions for offences under this section shall be undertaken by thw Commissioners of Customs; and subject to the provisions of this Act this section shall have effect as if it- were part of " the Gustofcefponsflilidation Act, 1876.; : 89 & 4o Vict^_

. (3;) The Commissioners of Customs shall, in accordance with.®*86, directions given by the Treasury after, consultation with the Board of. Agriculture, take such samples of consignments of imported articles of food, us may be necessary for the enforcement of the foregoing provisions of this section!

Jy(4) WheretheCqinroissioners of Customs take a sampie of any consignment in pursuance of such directions they shall; divide it infeanot less than three parts, and send one part to the importer and one part to the principal chemist of the Government laboratories, and retain one part.

' In any proceeding Under this section the certificate of the principal chemist- of -Hie result of' the analysis shall be sufficient.

Sale of Food and Drags Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

196 Ch. 51.

Power for Local

Government Board or Board of Agriculture to sample -articles of food.

Power for Local

Government Board or Board of Agriculture to act in default of local

Authority.

evidence of the facts therein stated, unless the defendant require that the person who made the analysis he called as a witness.

(6.) If, in any case, the Commissioners of Customs are of opinion that an offence against this section has been committed, they shall communicate to the Board of Agriculture for their information the name of the importer and such other facts as they possess or may obtain as to the destination of the consignment.

(7.) For the purposes of this section an article of food shall be deemed to be adulterated or impoverished if it has been mixed with any other substance, or if any part of it has been abstracted so as in either case to affect injuriously its quality, substance, or nature.

Provided that an article of food shall not be deemed to be adulterated by reason only of the addition of any preservative or colouring matter of such a nature and in such quantity as not to render the article injurious to health.

2. — (1.) The Local Government Board may, in relation to any matter appearing to that Board to affect the general interest of the consumer, and the Board of Agriculture may, in relation to any matter appearing to that Board to affect the general interests of agriculture in the United Kingdom, direct an officer of the Board procure for analysis samples of any article of food, and there* upon the officer shall have all the powers of procuring samples conferred by the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, and those Acts shall apply as if the officer were an officer authorised to procure samples under the Sale of Food and Drugs Apt, 1875, except that —

(a) the officer procuring the sample shall divide the same into four parts, and shall deal with three of such parts in the mn.nnftr directed by section fourteen of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, as amended by this Act, and shall send the" fourth part to the Board, and -(6) the fee for analysis shall be payable to the analyst by the local authority of the place where the sample is procured.

'(2.) The Board shall communicate the result of the analysis of any such sample to the local authority, and thereupon there shall be the lik^ duty and power on the part of the local authority to"!, cause proceedings to be taken as if the local authority; had caused the analysis to be made.

3. — (1.) It shall be the duty of every local authority entrusted with the execution of the laws relating to the sale of food and drugs to appoint a public analyst, and put in force from time to time, as occasion may arise, the powers with which they are invested, bo as to provide proper securities for the sale of food and drugs in a pure and genuine condition, and in particular to direct their officers-to take samples for analysis.

(2.) If the Local Government Board or Board of Agriculture^ after communication with a local authority, are of opinion that the local authority have failed to execute. or enforce any of the. provisions of the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts in relation to any ^ac^e food, and that their failure affects the general interest of the . consumer or the general interest of agriculture in the United

1899.

Sale of Food and Drags Act, 1899.

Cel 51.

197

; Kingdom, as the case may be, the Board concerned may, by order, i empower an officer of the Board to execute and enforce those I provisions or to procure the execution and enforcement thereof in relation to any article of food mentioned in the order.

't (S.f The expenses incurred by the Board or their officer under any such order shall be treated as expenses incurred by the local »: Authority in the execution of the said Acts, and shall be paid by the local authority to the Board on demand, and in default the Board may recover the amount of the expenses with costs from the local authority.

.. (A) For the purposes of this section an order of the Board shall be-conclusive in respect of any default, amount of expenses, or other matter therein stated or appearing.

jk (5.) Any public analyst appointed under the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts shall furnish such proof of competency as may from time to time be required by regulation framed by the Local iPbvernment Board.

' 4. — (1.) The Board of Agriculture may, after such inquiry as Power for they deem necessary, make regulations for determining what Board of deficiency in any of the normal constituents of genuine milk, cream, to make"1* ^butter, or cheese, or what addition of extraneous matter or regulations as proportion of water, in any sample of milk (including condensed to analysis of milk),-cream, butter, or cheese, shall for the purposes of the Sale of bkterC<n^m* Food and Drugs Acts raise a presumption, Until the contrary is cheese*, proved, that the milk, cream, butter, or cheese is not genuine or is injurious to health, and an analyst shall have regard to such ^regulations in certifying, the result of an analysis under those gActs.

(2.) Any regulations made Under this section shall be notified in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes, and shall also be made known in such other manner as the Board of Agriculture may direct.

>' 5. The provisions of the Margarine Act, 1887, as amended by this igrtmam of Act, shall extend to margarine-cheese, and shall apply accordingly Margarine with the substitution of "margarine-cheese" and "cheese" for' margarine*-to T^margarine " - and " butter," and provided that all margarine- cheese.

Cheese sold or dealt in otherwise than by retail shall either be so & 51 Vict. inclosed in packages marked in accordance with the Margarine Act, c-29-1887, as amended by this Act, or be itself conspicuously branded with the words " margarine-cheese."

6. — (1.) Where under this Act or the Margarine.Act,. 1887, it is Marking of required that any package containing margarine or margarine- margarine and cheese shall be branded or marked, the brand or mark shall be on ^nae~ the package itself and noksolely on a label, ticket, or other thing attached thereto.

.'T2.1 The letters required to be printed on the paper wrapper in which margarine or msrgfUJine-cheese Is sold shall be Capital block letters not less than half an inch long and distinctly legible, and no other printed matter shall appear on the wrapper.

198

Ch. 51. Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1899. 62 & 68 Vict

Provisions as to manufacturers of and dealers in margarine and margarine-cheese.

I f

(3.) The words " or with " in section six of the Margarine Act 1887, shall be repealed.

7. — (1.) Every occupier of a manufactory of margarine or margarine-cheese, and every wholesale dealer in such substances, shall keep a register showing the quantity and destination of each consignment of such substances sent out from his manufactory or place of business, and this register shall be open to the inspection of any officer of the Board of Agriculture.

(2.) Any officer of the Board of Agriculture shall have power to enter at all reasonable times any manufactory of margarine or margarine-cheese, and to inspect any process of manufacture therein, and to take samples for analysis.

(3.) If any such occupier or dealer —

(a) fails to keep such a register, or

(б) refuses to produce the register when required to do so by an officer of the Board of Agriculture, or

- (c) fails to keep the register posted up to date, or

(d) wilfully makes any entry in the register which is false in any particular, or

(e) fraudulently omits to enter any particular which ought to be entered in the register,

he shall be liable on summary conviction for the first offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and for any subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(4.) The provisions of section nine of the Margarine Act, 1887, relating to registration of manufactories shall extend to any premises wherein the business of a wholesale dealer in margarine or margarine-cheese is carried on.

(5.) The registration of a manufactory or other premises shall be forthwith notified by the local authority to the Board of Agriculture.

8. It shall be unlawful to manufacture, sell, expose for sale, or import any margarine, the fat of which contains more than ten per cent, of butter fat, and every person who manufactures, sells, exposes for sale, or imports any margarine which contains more than that percentage, shall be guilty of an offence under the Margarine Act, 1887, and any defence which would be a defence under section seven of that Act shall be a defence under this section, and the provisions of the former section shall apply accordingly.

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to any margarine manufactured or imported in fulfilment of any contract made before the twentieth day of July one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.

to°nkmenand 9' Every Persjon who, himself or by his servant, in any highway address of or place of public resort sells milk or cream from a vehicle or from person selling a can or other receptacle shall have conspicuously inscribed on inapublicaia the vehicle or receptacle his name and address, and in default shall place. be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 29.

1899.

Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1899.

Ch. 51.

199

10. In the case of a sample taken of milk in course of delivery, Division of or of margarine or margarine-cheese forwarded by a public convey- samples ance, the person taking the sample shall forward by registered parcel

or otherwise a portion of the sample marked, and sealed, or fastened delivery or up, to the consignor if his name and address appear on the can transit, or package containing the article sampled.

11. Every tin or other receptacle containing condensed separated Provisions or skimmed milk must bear a label clearly visible to the purchaser ^j^on' on which the words " Machine-skimmed Milk," or " Skimmed separated Milk," as the case may require, are printed in large and legible or skimmed type, and if any person sells or exposes or offers for sale condensed separated or skimmed milk in contravention of this section he shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

12. The label referred to in section eight of the Sale of Food Notice of and Drugs Act, 1875, shall not be deemed to be distinctly and ^Ugg?y;et legibly written or printed within the meaning of that section unless c 63

it is so written or printed that the notice of mixture given by the label is not obscured by other matter on the label: Provided that nothing in this enactment shall hinder or affect the use of any registered trade mark, or of any label which has been continuously in use for at least seven years before the commencement of this Act; but the Comptroller-General of Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks shall not register any trade mark purporting to describe a mixture unless it complies with the requirements of this enactment.

13. In section fourteen of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, Amendment of

the words "offer to" and the words "proceed accordingly and 38 *39 Vict-shall " shall be repealed. to samples.

14. The provisions of section three and section four of the Sale Taking of Food and Drugs Act Amendment Act, 1879 (relating to the samPles i'1 taking of samples of milk in course of delivery), shall apply to delivery, every other article of food: Provided that no samples shall be 42 & 43 Vict. taken under this section except upon the request or with the c-30-consent of the purchaser or consignee.

15. In section sixteen of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, Amendment of

the words " registered parcel " shall be substituted for the words c.863.39

" registered letter." as to regis-

tered parcels.

16. Any person who wilfully obstructs or impedes any inspector Obstruction of

or other officer in the course of his duties under the Sale of Food of

and Drugs Acts, or by any gratuity, bribe, promise, or other ^duties, inducement prevents, or attempts to prevent, the due execution by

such inspector or officer of his duty under those Acts, shall be liable, on summary conviction, for the first offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, for the second offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and for any subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

17. — (I-) Where, under any provision of the Sale of Food and Penalties for Drugs Act, 1875, a person guilty of an offence is liable to a fine ggggL.

200

Ch. 51.

Sale of Food and Brags Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Sale of Food and Drags Acts.

Articles sold in tins or packets.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 63.

Time for proceeding and regulation as to summons.

Provisions as to use of warranty or invoice as defence, and proceedings against the warrantor.

which may extend to twenty pounds as a maximum, he shall be liable for a second offence under the same provision to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and for any subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2.) Where, under any provision of the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, a person guilty of an offence is liable to a fine exceeding fifty pounds, and the offence, in the opinion of the court, was committed by the personal act, default, or culpable negligence of the person accused, that person shall be liable (if the court is of opinion that a fine will not meet the circumstances of the case) to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a period not exceeding three months.

18. Notwithstanding anything in section seventeen of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, where any article of food or drug is exposed for sale in an unopened tin or packet duly labelled, no person shall be required to sell it except in the unopened tin or packet in which it is contained.

19. — (1.) When any article of food or drug has been purchased from any person for test purposes, any prosecution under the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts in respect of the sale thereof, notwithstanding anything contained in section twenty of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, shall not be instituted after the expiration of twenty-eight days from the time of the purchase.

(2.) In any prosecution under the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts the summons shall state particulars of the offence or offences alleged, and also the name of the prosecutor, and shall not be made returnable in less time than fourteen days from the day on which it is served, and there must be served therewith a copy of any analyst's certificate obtained on behalf of the prosecutor.

20. — (1.) A warranty or invoice shall not be available as a defence to any proceeding under the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts nnlp.fls the defendant has, within seven days after service of the summons, sent to the purchaser a copy of such warranty or invoice with a written notice stating that he intends to rely on the warranty or invoice, and specifying the name and address of the person from whom he received it, and has also sent a like notice of his intention to such person.

(2.) The person by whom such warranty or invoice is alleged to have been given shall be entitled to appear at the hearing and to give evidence, and the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing to enable him to do so.

(3.) A warranty or invoice given by a person resident outside the United Kingdom shall not be available as a defence to any proceeding under the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, unless the defendant proves that he had taken reasonable steps to ascertain and did in fact believe in the accuracy of the statement contained in the warranty or invoice.

(4.) Where the defendant is a servant of the person who purchased the article under a warranty or invoice he shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be entitled to rely on section

1899.

Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1899.

Ch. 51.

201

twenty-five of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, a!hd section 38 & 39 vict. seven of the Margarine Act, 1887, in the same way as his employer c- w. or master would have been entitled to do if he had been the jj°2g 51 Vict‘ defendant, provided that the servant further proves that lie had no reason to believe that the article was otherwise than that demanded by the prosecutor.

(5.) Where the defendant in a prosecution under the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts has been discharged under the provisions of section twenty-five of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, as amended by this Act, any proceedings under the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts for giving the warranty relied on by the'defendant in such prosecution, may be taken as well before a court having jurisdiction in the place where the article of food or drug to which the warranty relates was purchased for analysis as before a court having jurisdiction in the place where the warranty was given.

(6.) Every person who, in respect of an article of food or drug sold by him as principal or agent, gives to the purchaser a false warranty in writing, shall be liable on summary conviction, for the first offence, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, for the second offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and for any subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court that, when he gave the warranty he had reason to believe that the statements or descriptions contained therein were true.

21. The justices or court referred to in section twenty-two of Duty of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, shall on the request of article^or^ either party under that section cause an article of food or drug analysis.

to be sent to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for analysis, 38 & 39 Vict. and may, if they think fit, do so without any such request. c' P3-

22. — (1.) At the hearing of the information in any proceeding Provisions under the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, the production by the as^, defendant of a certificate of analysis by a public analyst in the analysis, form prescribed in section eighteen of the Sale of Food and Drugs

Act, 1875, shall be sufficient evidence of the facts therein stated, unless the prosecutor requires that the analyst be called as a witness.

(2.) A copy of every such certificate shall be sent to the prosecutor at least three clear days before the return day, and if it be not so sent the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing on such terms as may seem proper.

23. This Act shall apply to Scotland with the substitution for Transfer of " the Local Government Board " of " the Local Government Board g^/rom for Scotland," and all powers and duties vested in or imposed on for Scotland the Secretary for Scotland in relation to the Sale of Food and Drugs to Local Acts shall be transferred to, vested in, or imposed on the Local ®°^ment Government Board for Scotland.

24. This Act shall apply to Ireland with the substitution for Application « the Board of Agriculture " of " the Department of Agriculture to Ireland.

0

202

Ch. 51.

Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1899. 62 & 63 Vict.

Interpretation of terms.

Definition of " food."

epeal of enactments in schedule.

Short title and commencement.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 63.

42 8t 48' Vict. c. 30.

50 8c 61 Vict. c. 29.

and Technical Instruction for Ireland," and for " the Local Government Board " of " the Local Government Board for Ireland," and for " the London and Edinburgh Gazettes " of " the Dublin Gazette."

25. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression " margarine-cheese " means any substance, whether compound or otherwise, which is prepared in imitation of cheese, and which contains fat not derived from milk:

The expression " cheese" means the substance usually known ns cheese, containing no fat derived otherwise than from milk: The expression " local authority " means any local authority authorised to appoint an analyst for the purposes of the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, and the expression " public analyst " means an analyst so appointed:

Other expressions have the same meaning as in the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, and an offence under this Act shall be treated as an offence under those Acts.

26. For the purposes of the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts the expression " food " shall include every article used for food or drink by man, Other than drugs or water, and any article which ordinarily enters into Or is Used in the Composition or preparation of human food; and shall also include flavouring matters and condiments.

27. The enactments in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

26. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1899, and the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, and the Sale of Food and Drugs Act Amendment Act, 1879, and the Margarine Act, 1887, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Sale of FcOd and Drugs Acts, 1875 to 1899, and are in this Act referred to as the Bale of Food and Drugs Acts.

(2.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred.

1899.

Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1899.

Ch. 51.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

38 & 39 Vict. o. 63. The Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875. In section two, the definition of the term "food." In section fourteen, the words " offer " to,'" and the words " proceed " accordingly and shall." Section fifteen. In section twenty-seven, the words from "Every person who shall " give a false warranty in " writing " to * a penally not " exceeding twenty pounds."

42 & 48 Vict. c. 30. The Sale of Food and Drugs Act Amendment Act, 1879. Section teE.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 29. The Margarine Act, 1887. In section six, the words " or with," and the words " not less than a " quarter of an inch square."

54 & 55 Vict. c, 46. The Post C-ffice Act, 1891. Section eleven.

205

TABLE III.

A

TABLE

of

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.

62 & 63 VICTORIA — AD. 1899.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts . of a Local Character. * i. ii. iii. iv. * vi.

Royal Assent, 6th June 1899.

i. AN Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Rushden and Higham Ferrers District Gas Company. (Rushden and Higham Ferrers District Gas.)

ii. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of the Urban n: District of Ilford to make further provision in regard to the future collection of the local, rates and for other purposes. (Ilford Urban District Couiicil'^Rates).)

iii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Aberdeen Harbour Ip^Commissioners. (Aberdeen Ha/rbowr^j

iv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Herne Bay-Waterworks Company and for other* purposes. (Heme Bay TVafeyjpg

V. An Act to authorise the Walton-on-Tham es and Weybridge Gas Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

( WaUon-on-Tkamesdnd Weflbi'idge GasHompany's?)

vi. An Act for supplying with Gas the District Of Crowborough in the County of Sussex and adjacent places.: (Crowborough DiatHct'Cas^M Vii. An Act for supplying with Water and Gas the City of St. David's and adjacent places. XSt David's Water and Cos.)

P

206

Table of the‘Statutes.

[62 & 63 Vict.

viii. An Act for transferring to the Olay Cross Urban District Council the undertaking of Ajhe Clay Cross Waterworks Company and for empowering the Clay Cross Urban District Council to supply Water within their District and for other purposes. (Clay Gross Water.)

ix. An Act to authorise the Glasgow District Subway Company to raise additional capital -and for other purposes. (Glasgow District Subway (Additional Capital).)

x. An Act for making a*' Kail^ayfln the County of Leicester from the London Extension of the Great Central Railway at Loughborough to the Urban District of Sheepshed and for other purposes. (.Loughborough and Sheepshed Railway.)

xi. An Act to authorise the improvement of the area bounded by Patrick Street Bride's Alley Bride Street and Bull Alley in the City of DabShl^hdrthe'%|fefetidhP thereon of Workmen's Dwellings and other Buildings to vest the same and the control thereof in; a ;bp4y; <-of^Trustees-.. to empower the Corporation of Dublin to carry1" out certain Street Widening^ and for other purposes. _fD.ublin_Xrfcproveinent (Bull Alley Area).)

xii. An Act to enable the Afay or Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to construct a Culvert and other Works for the'relief of the~floods in theCutfers Mills Brook-and for

- bther purposes. (Bristol. Floods RreVmUon.) a srrii. An Act to authorise the 'construction of additional waterworks for the-Gity of Perth and places adjacent for-conferring further borrowing powers, for the purposes of the construction of the bridge And certain othfeP Works and the gasworks gH .authorised by the. Perth Uarhopn.-Qily Improvements and Jfas -«. Act 189.7 and fox.etJ^PJWpofl^.'iPotm and Gas.)

xiv. An Act. -fop? conferring.furtherpowers on,iher.Yale: of 1 S; -Glamorgan .Railway Company..for.,the raising plcapitajl and I otherwise. in relation, .to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Vale of-Gl^VU^gap^U^uy-).

XV. An Act.to. authorise the Wallasey Urban District'Council v ;to construct Tramways.Street Improvements and Promphades and for other purposes. (1^<MdseiyJTr(imwaifsid^d^rh^ove~ v .d ments.)

' xvi. An Act to- extend ^the objectslof .and to^confer further powers on the Northern Assurance Company and for* other (yUj^pujposps,. (JfQtfhprfaAtgfiWWncps), g

. xvii. An Act. few conferring furtherepowors on the Tenterden Railway: Company with'. referen0e;to^thO:d0nstruction,of new railways, the. abandonment .of authorised railways and for

Ottier.pwpos^i^#

xviii. An Act to ektend the time limited for. the ponmulsory purchase of lands authorised to be acquired by the Surrey t^ommercial Dock'-Company arid for1 other ptirposes^Ar^preu Doekiy .

A.D. 1890.];

Local Acts.

207

xix. An Act to. enable the .Urban District Council of the LjSorsforth Urban 'District in the West .Riding of the County P,of York to acquire the .Undertaking of the Horsforth Water-^ works Company and to supply Water to the said District Fand adjacent places and for other purposes. (Hbreforth L Urban District Council Water works.) ttx. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Burley-mrWharfedale in the township of Burley in the parish of LyQtley in the West Riding of the County of York to construct and maintain additional waterworks and for other jmrposes. (Bu/rley-in-Wharfedale Urban District Water.)

xxi. An Act to authorise the Nuneaton and Chilvers;Coton -f>-Urban District Council to construct additional Waterworks

K- ev-and for other 'purposes. (Nvmeaton and Chilvers Coton £ Urban District Council Waterworks.)

xxii. An Act i for' the abandonment| of the 1 Woodhouse and 'ri Conisbrough Railway.' (Woodhouse and ConiAbrough Railway |i (Abandonment).) ' I

xxiii. An Act to provide for the transfer of the Undertaking of th« Whitwick add Coalville GaV Company to the Coalville bC#‘Urb^'-tDi8teiCt! Council -and to authorise that Council/ to

] supply Gas;and for othdr purposes. ' (Cotilville Urbail District

0' Ga8.)

xxiv. An Act' 'tohutKorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses-' . ".of ^ro^h'^-'Gli^rtc^bu^ to construct Waterworks for ", thp' supply? of the borough' and fp<r other purposes. (Clapton-

ticry-

XXV. An Act to authorise the County Connell of Flint fio raise-a fhrther sUm^bf ‘mori^r for the completion "Of'‘the Queen's 1 ' Ferry Bridge?1 (^YFC'lj^ Bridye.)

P. xxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for the United School District of Swansea in the county of Glamorgan to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Swansea).)

?P? xxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the Parishes of St. Marylebone Lee St. John Horsleydown St. Mary Stratford Bow and St. John at Hackney. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. xxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Manchester Middlesbrough Nelson Southampton and Stafford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 reducing the number of magistrates and councillors in the Royal Burgh of St. Andrews. (St. Andrews Burgh Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 20th June 1899.

P. xxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Broughty Ferry Gas Supply and Paving. (Broughty Ferry Gas and Paving Order Confirmation.)

P. xxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Boards for Aberavon Croydon Walthamstow and Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation (Aberavon, &c.).)

P. xxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to the Llanelly and Burry Pilotage District. (Pilotage Order Confirmation.)

P. xxxiii. An Act for legalizing Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Church of Famley Tyas in the West Riding of York. (Famley Tyas Marriages Legalization.).

P. xxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Castleford East Barnet Valley Grays Thurrock Mexborough Sutton Coldfield and Worksop. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aylesbury Hartlepool Mansfield Wath-upon-Deame and Winsford. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Audenshaw Bexley Glossop Rhyl Rugby and Runcorn. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. xxxvii. An Act to confirm a Scheme relating to Harrow Weald Common in the Parish of Harrow Weald in the County of Middlesex. (Metropolitan Commons (Harrow Weald) Supplemental.)

xxxviii. An Act to empower the Urban D^trict Go.uu.cil of Brigg to supply gas and to provide, for the transfer or the undertaking of the Brigg Gas Company Limited to the Council and for other purposes. (Brigg Urban District , _ Gas.)

Xxxix. An Act to amend the Norfolk Estuary Act 1877. (Norfolk Estuary*}»

xL An Act to extend the limits of supply of and to confer further powers on the Cambridge University and Town Gas Light Company and for other purposes. (Cambridge University and Town Gas.)

xli. An Act to extend the powers of and amend the Act relating to the St. Alban's Gas Company and for other purposes. (St. Alban's Gas.)

Local Acts.

xlii. An Act to authorise the Hull Barnsley and West Riding £Junction Railway and Dock Company to abandon certain . of their authorised works and to confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes. (Hull Barnsley w^'etnd West Riding Ju/nction Baitway and Dock (Various B Powers).)

yliii. An Act to authorise the Magistrates and Town Council of Arbroath to borrow additional money in connexion with their Gas Undertaking to amend and repeal certain provisions of the Arbroath Corporation Gas Act 1871 and for other g purposes. (Arbroath Corporation Gas.)

xliv. An Act to empower the County Councils of the Kj Administrative Counties of Middlesex and Surrey to raise further moneys for the purposes of the Kew Bridge Act 1898. (Kew Bridge Act 1898 Amendment.)

xlv. An Act to extend the time limited by the West Highland Railway Acts 1894 and 1896 for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the completion of the railways authorised by the said Acts and for other purposes. (West Highland Railway.)

xlvi. An Act to enable .the Crowborough District Water > Company to extend their limits of Supply construct Additional; Waterworks and for other purposes. (Crowborough District *<. Water)

xlvii. An Act to extend the municipal and police .boundaries stu.of the Burgh of Dumbarton for sanctioning a guarantee rate $ upon the owners and occupiers of lands and heritages in the burgh in further security of the interest on a portion of the debt of the Dumbarton Harbour Board and for other purposes: (Dumbarton Bwrgh.)

xlviii. An Act to provide for the abandonment of certain ^authorised railways. of the North Pembrokeshire and E&Fishguard Railway Company and for the vesting of the v undertaking of that Company in the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (North Pembrokeshire and k0*Fdshgv,ard Railway.)

xlix. An Act to restore to the Presidents Vice-Presidents vv Treasurer and Governors of the Infant Orphan Asylum a v Strip of Land in Epping Forest which has been forfeited by them and-become part of the waste of the Forest. (Infant Orpha/n Asylum)

I. An Act to enable the Governors'of the London Hospital to acquire certain Lands and to erect buildings foi their Outpatients' Department and for other purposes. (London Hospital.)

II. An Act to authorise the "Stockton and Middlesbrough Water Board to construct a new Reservoir and other Works to amend the Acts relating to the supply of Water by the Board to change the Name of the- Board and for other purposes. (Tees Valley Waterworks.) \

210 Table of ike Statutes. [62&'63 Vict.

lii. An Act foi?: lftc'dTpofatitig' and conferring .powers "on the Ilford Ga£ '

liii. An. 'Act to confer further'powers on thhCorporation of the County Borough of Birkenhead in delation to Tramways and for other purposes. (BirJeenhedd Corporation.)

1 RoYAij Assent, 13th July 1899.' liv. An Act to provide for "the 'establishment and^'egulation of a Pension Fund for officers ahd''servants' of' thA London Brighton and ‘ South Coast Railway Company. (London Brighton and South' Cotist Railukiy ‘(Pension's)?) *

If, An .Act for enabling the I'riends' Provident Ihstitbtion t6 'Sue ‘and be sued in' thdlhame !of: A Public. Officer forii more effectually vesting in their Trustees for the time bein'g'the Funds and Property of the TbStitutioif for conferring further I powers on the I Institution as : to the- Investment iof their s Funds and"'for- other! ".purposes." - (Friends'. Provident ha Institution.) -

lvi. An Act to empower the Urban District - CoUncil* OP 'the Urban District of Skipton to supply gas and to purchase % the undertaking of - the 'Skapton Gas (KDompany and for .other -! purposes, (Skiptoni Urban District Gas.)

Tvii. 'An Act for incorporating and conferring powers'upon the Mid-Kent Gaslight and Coke Company. (Mid-Kent'GdsUght - and GoJce.):

lviii. An Act tx> confer 'further borrowing powerscon the ^Commissioners Of- the Bufgh of Wishaw for the, purposes of "their-1 Water Undertaking. (?Wi^haw.Water?)i i lix. An Act "to Confer further' powers upon the-Shotley 'Bridge and Consett District Gas Company. Bridge‘emd

Gonsett District Gas.) lx. An Act to provide for the constitution -of the eiiymnd royal rbi&gh of Aberdeen hs a county of- a Wtoy do1. authorise' the | /-Lord1 Provost Magistrates and. Town 'Council' of the 'said' city | and royal burgh to ekecotC"Sewage Works and fqraother purposes. (Aberdeen Corporation.) ( lxi. An Act for empowering the Cardiff .Railway? Company to « construct new railways and to abandon the construction of portions of railways already «alUthorised for .eadeindlcig-fthe ' -timefor. the purchase of lands for and' for the completion of certain railways and for other purposes. ^ifardiff.Ruilwdy.) lxii. j An Act; toi.a$thariso> thefBhPUidd^,Urbfn T*i^1'i©t (Council to, copstruccm tramroad and additional,waterworks ,tp extend the periods lupited/.by thej^tradyfodwg IJrbai%. District Council (Gas and Water) Act 1896 for the purchase^gf,; lapds and construction of w.orks aud for qthcy-purposes. (Mgndda Urbcm, District Cowmil.) lxiii. An Act to extend thespow®r% ^- the.Ma^tingsvaicd^Saint ^Xeonards Gas Company to amend the Acts relating to that Company and for other purposes. (Pastings and ‘Saint Leonards Gas.) v

A.D. 1399.]

Local Acts.

211

Ixiv., An Act to empower ,the Belfast and Northern Counties j^qilway Company to widen their Carrickfergus and Lame 'Branch Railway to construct a pier and embankment pr sea 7ypad at Whitehead to - confirm the purchase by the Company of the Portstewart Tramway to confer further powers upon \ the Company in connection with their undertaking and for K^ilier puyboses, (Belfast apd^ Northern Counties Railway?) lory. An Act to incorporate. the^Trusteesv of the Coionial-dnd . Foreign Banks Guarantee Fund and to enlarge the powers tV vested in such Trustees and for other purposes. ' (Colonial i^and Foreign Banks. Guarantee^ Fun^ Incorporation.)

Ixvi. An Act for the abolition of the Perpetual Curacy of the gib£lonsecrated Chapel called "Grosvenor-Chapel " in the Parish t>iOf Saint George Hanover Square in- the .County and Diocese v of London and for vesting the said Chapel in the Rector-of *otfeesaid Parish and for other, purposes. . .(Grvsmnor: Chapel^ \ lxvii. An Act to provide-for. the Sale and Disposal .of- the Sito * of the Church of'Emmanuel West End Hampstead. '(Church ELo/Emmmud West End Hampsteadp lxviii. An Act for incorporating the Brynmawr and Western " ‘Valleys Railway Company and authorising them'to construct a Railway in the County of Monmouth and for other purposes.. lfJ0rynmam'and Western Yalleys Railwayf) 9 lxix. An Act 'to* incorporate' and confer powers for the supply I f^Water*uppn ,tb,e Barton-op^Sear Water Company. (RarUm?

lxx. An.-Aet! to enable . the District Committee of the Middle .WaBd-.ofrf^tie.-i'-couBty -of-Lanark'to construct additional waterworks and certain railways in connection /with their undertaking toconferfurther powers on - the County Council of the county of Lanark /with respect to the domestic, water k, rate authorised by the Lanark8hir.e (Middte .Ward District) ysW#er g Ac 2 amhoto - enable -them, to: borrow < Additional:

money to amend the. provisions of' the said Act and for, other ( .purposes. ^(Lanarkshire (Middle; Ward Bistriat)>fflateri)icy lxxi. An' Act' t6 authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and JUtGo'udeil1 ,o£‘.*the Cily/jpf- Edinburgh to- provide - erect and : iriaintain a Municipal-Hulk to provide increased .facffiti'es in ^'connection, with their Electric 'Lighting Undertaking to '‘t construct works and Tramways to1 acquire lands to*- amende Acts and for other purposes. (Ed ‘mbuvgh- Corporation^ lxxii. An Act for supplying with water certain Parishes, in * -%e: Rural-Districts, of Wetherby arid TadcaSter in the West Riding of the County of York: ' (Wetherfyy EtotrtotfWdt&r.)

lxxiii. An Act tq,empQwey the Airdrie and CqaM>ridge Water Cnmpkuy *fo abandon? f^t'ain. works authorised by the Airdrie .. ahd. Coatbridge Waterworks Amendment.Act. 3,892 and to \ consiruet additional waterworks to.kmend the provisions- of that Acf. to raise additional yapital and for other purposes.

8 (Airdrie dnU Coath'ridge Wdfer/works -Ariendmehtl).*

212

Table of the Statutes.

[62 & 63 Vict.

lxxiv. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking-of the Gainsborough Gas Company to the Gainsborough Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of gas and for other purposes, (Gainsborough Urban District Council (Gas).) lxxv. An Act to authorise the Wick and Pulteney Harbours Trustees to construct additional works to amend the Pulteney Harbour Act 1879 and the Wick and Pulteney Harbours-Order 1883 and to confer further powers upon the Trustees and for other purposes. (Wick and Pulteney Harbours.) lxxvi. An Act to authorise the Dundee Gas Commissioners to construct further works to authorise the widening and improvement of streets and the construction of new Tramways and for other purposes. (Dundee Gas Street Improvements and Tramways.) lxxvii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the city of Cork to raise additional money to regulate the finances of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Cork Corporation (Finance).)

lxxviii. An Act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes. (South Eastern Railway.)

1-ygix. An Act for supplying with Water and Gas the parishes of Fishguard Manorowen and Llanwnda in the county of. Pembroke. (Fishguard Water and Gas.)

Iyyy. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Bury to work the Tramways in the Borough of Bury when acquired by them and to make further and better provision in relation to the local government of the said Borough and for other purposes. (Bu/ry Corporation.) l-gyri,' An Act to authorise the Corporation of Bury t6 construct additional waterworks and for other purposes, (Bwry Corporation Water.) lxxxii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Barry . Railway Company. (Barry Railway.) " lxxxiii. An Act for conferring powers on the Kensington and Knightsbridge Electric Lighting Company Limited and the Notting Hill Electric Lighting Company Limited jointly and acquire lands and fo erect and-work generating stations and for other purposes. (Kensington and Notting Hill Electric Lighting Companies.) lxxxrv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with respect, to the con--struction of Railways in the county of . Lancaster and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (New Railways).)

lxxxv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railwa^ Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes. (Lancashire and lormwre Railway (Various Powers).)

A.D. 1899.]

Local Acts,

218

lxxxvi. An Act for supplying with Gas the Parish of Cobham in the County of Surrey and adjacent places. (Cobham Gas.)

lxxxvii. An Act for granting further powers to the Stretford Gas Company. (Stretford Gas.)

lxxxviii. An Act to confer upon the Central Electric Supply & -Company Limited powers to construct works and supply > Electrical Energy and for other purposes. (Central Electric W'S'Upply Company's.)

lyyyjy. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Shirebrook and District Gas Company, (Shirebrook and

- District Gas.)

XC. An Act to make provision for the more effectual execution of the office of Justice of the Peace in South Staffordshire. k (South Staffordshire Stipendia/ry Justice.)

XCi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks with respect to the construction of works the taking of water from the River Thames and the raising of capital and for other purposes. (West Middlesex Waterworks.)

xcii. An Act for supplying with Water the Parish of Church . Stretton in the County of Salop. (Church Stretton Water.)

XCiii. An Act to enable the St. Neot's Water Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (St. tfeofs Water.)

xciv. An Act to empower the Saint James' and Pall Mall Electric Light Company Limited to acquire lands and erect Generating Stations and for other purposes. (St. James' and Pall Mall Electric Light Company's?)

XCV. An Act to confer further Powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners. (Belfast Water.)

XCVI. An Act to enable the Great Central Railway Company

- to make New Works to acquire additional lands to stop up certain roads or footpaths to extend the time for the comptQ&8ry purchase of certain lands for the completion of certain Railways

' and for the sale of superfluous lands by the Cheshire Lines ^Committee and the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies Committee to raise additional capital and for other purposes'. ^£GrMtCeyifral Rmlwdy.) '

XCVii. An Act to authorise the Scunthorpe Urban District Council in the County of Lincoln to construct and maintain . Gasworks and Waterworks and for other purposes. (Scunthorpe Urban District Gas and Water.)

XCViii. An Act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to raise further, capital and for other purposes. (London Chatham and Dover Railway.)

XCIX. An Act to make further provision with respect to the transmission of shares of the Ionian Bank Limited held by shareholders being subjects of the Kingdom of Greece. (Ionian Bank (Limited).)

214

Table of the Statutes.

[62 & 63 Yic-e.

C. AnActto authorise the Tra&tees of the .Harbour of. Inverness to construct, new Quays and other works and to confer further powers upon the Trustees and upon the. Town Counci}, of. the-Royal Burgh of Inverness and for other purposes.(Inverness Harbour.) ,

ei. An Act to empower the - Corporation of Nottingham 'to ^dmStruct'additional tramways to make new" waterworks and a street improvement and for other, purposes, ^(ffiotffingham, Corporation) ,

dii. An Act to enlarge the powers Of the Taff Yale Railway Company with reference to the construction of wdrks and the; acquisition of; lands and ' for other purposesi (TafflYale Railway

ciii. An Act for enabling the Transvaal Mortgage, Loan and 0 Finance Company Limited' to arrauge with- theholders-of '-'- their Founders^ Shares for subdividing Shares and cheating u certain- preferences1 and Lfior Other purposes. ' (Tra/nsvaaZ - Mortgage Loan and -Finance Company's1^ -

CIV. An. Act^,to..incorporate a; Company.for the purpose of "acquiring 'thp,-.existing' Great X®OTOuth.,.Britannia Rer.jafid 'of Constructing a hew and irhprcived Bier in lieu thereof and; ifor other RHtdnM^a Tier.)

CV. An Act to . extend the borrowing powers of the Urban ‘"District fouhciiof 'theTTrban'IH^of^l^bur# .to" ehable ^hem'fe cbisolidate debts . to Create and issue -new gtock ' to confer ‘further powers upon -them for- the bette^jmahage-ment of the District and for Other purposes. (Lisburn Urban : 'District Cov/ncil.y

qyi. ,An. Act,.tq *m^kerfq^her, .prqv^ipns jrithjr^f^epqe to^and . to confer further, powers pn.thpUndeiHiakprs of the Navigation of the Bivers of Aire, and Caldqr inthc Ytest Riding; of the - County of *Xorlr, to taijaend, t^je-Ac^-'f^ting'-.to their under- taking and for other purgpse-v ^er^aviga^iq^i.)

evil. An Act' to 'confer ad<Btibnai ' powers4 hpdn the Midland ‘ iL'BaitWay Company and UponthaBQoi^any and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, arid^non the Midland and |North Ea^teth Railway Cottpatff# 'Cohani^;ee: hndrhptM~ tb& ur Norfolk' ah'd Suffolk Fomt Railways Cdmioitthe1 aihd^poh-the -1 Midland and' Great -'Northern Railways Joint1 Coinfeittee-for the construction of works ‘and‘-the kcquisRibh'-6f lands1 to . aufchqrke agreementSi betweeni the' Midland I&ncashire and i Yorkshire jand, .Great Northern.Railway Companies 'to -confirm an agreement'between the: Midland and Midland, and t South. . Western Junction Railway Companies,tp provide for the », vesting of.:the undertaking of the .Barnoidswick^-B^iway mwff ih the. Midland m'aUway.Company .and Brother Purposes. (Midland Railway.)'

A.D. 1899;]

Local Acts.

215

p, cviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local

B^Wvernment Board‘rtla ting' to Brentford Bromley- (Keiit) K^nejmsford Hestpn and Isle worth -Ongar (Rural) Reigate (Rural) and Watford (Rural)l -(Local ' Government Board's ^Provisional Orders i(JdnfirrrkMon'iNoi 2)!) m

P. cix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local t'Government Board relating :to Durham (Rural) Eastbourne y OBfoniton (Rural) Grimsby Ilfracombe Lichfield'(Rural) Ludlow ,!'and Rotherham (Rural). (Local Government Boa/rd's Provi-| sional Orders Oonjirmation (No. 3).)

P. CX. An Act to Confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local " government Board relating to Ashton-in-Makerfield Ashton-, ^tipder-Lyife' Bolton Llandudno Rotherham Southport (two)

~ and York. (LocalGovernment Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. Cxi. An Act tt>'confirm certain Provisional Orders-of the Local ' . Government Board relating to the boroughs of Barnstaple dud. 1‘ Halifax and to the: counties!-'of East GuSgCx and Middlesex, jj, * (Local Government Board?8 Provisioned Orders Oonjirmation

P.'CXii. An Act to cofifirim Certain Provisional Orders of lthe Local ~';Goverhment Board, relht&ig to Bath (three) Devonport (trto) Margate and'Oxford' and 't'o the Romford and Wallingford and . Crowmarsh United Districts. (Local Government'' Board's X Provisional. 'Orders Oonfirmabion (Noit $g| |.

P. CXiii. An Act to .Confirm ‘certain Provisional' Orders of - the ' ;']^rtiL>GdV6rnjhent Board relating tb-Oroydon (Rural)- Harrow SS^atfe'^Wi^ Ripdh1 and West Bromwich- (two). '(Bocal Gdv&rnmrmr Boards ^Provisional Orders'' Oon&imdtion (.No.ll).)

P. cxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local ir'Government,Board relating' to Ashburton WafiihgfdrtLcahd Wokingham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders EfcConfirmation (Gas).)

P. CXV. Ap .Act to .confirm a Provisional Order of the Local " Government Board relating to-Brighton. (Local Govetnmmt

Working

-j; ^G^Ses).)'

P. CXVI. An Agt/to confirm cettim'Provisions Orders <?f the Local GoveimmentBo'ardrremting to the Partsh^f of Devonport1 hhd Sam,t Mary Newington, and to the Greenwich' and Wolverhampton 'Wnittrti' \L8M:'L^v0h(WISht Boards Provisional \ Orders Confirmation' pfotf'Ltm).'}? '

P. CXVii. An Act to confirm^a; I%visi6nal Order' by the Secretary ‘for5 ‘S^dtTana relating tbJ"the Btifgh of BoitOwrtouhil^as. (Borrowstounnesg lm^ovOrnent Orde¥ Confirmation^1??

P. CXViiL An ACtjjtq confirm a Provisional Order made by the . Bo^ra. of .Trade .under 'tl^e(Electric LightingActs'l882 and reiating': to' Bermondsey. (Electric flighting Order Confirmation (No; 3).)

216

Table of the Statutes.

[62 & 63 Vict.

P. fiTiT- An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Alloa Dumfries Inverness and Kilmarnock. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. nw. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ashford (Kent) Bognor Burslem (Extension) Cheltenham (Extension) Durham Haslingden and Ilkeston.

(.Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. CXXI. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Gorton Heaton Norris Keighley Knutsford Hyde and Walker. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. cxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Cheriton Cromer Erith Farnborough TTorabam and Teignmouth. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. exxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Clontarf. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. cxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Broadstairs Christchurch and District Guildford (Extension) Newport (Isle of Wight) Sandown and Shanklin and Westgate and Birehington. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 16).)

P. cxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Leamington Spa. (Electric Lighting Order Confi/rmation (No. 18).)

P. cxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bournemouth (Public Purposes) Eastbourne Hendon and to the extension of the area of supply of the Midland Electric Corporation for Power Distribution (Limited). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 19).)

P. cxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for Liverpool to put . in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Liverpool).)

P. cxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Blackpool Lynmouth and Otter Ferry (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

A.D. 1899.]

Local Acts.

217

j> cxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local

Rf' Government Board for Ireland relating to Wicklow Harbour. ‘‘'(Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order WConfirmatio n (No. 1).)

P. cxxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Dublin Belfast Lame and Longford (Rural). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Drogheda Londonderry (Rural) and Tobercurry (Rural). (Local ML$overnment Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Con-Kfirmation (No. 3).)

P« cxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Waterford and Thnrles. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) A. (No. 2).)

P. cxxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary ~ of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 1st August 1899.,

P. cxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Dean's Grange Joint Burial Board District. (Local Government Board p (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882

P and 1888 relating to Camborne Dukinfield Fenton Finchley Shipley and Swinton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirma-", tion (No. 10).X, ;

P. CXXXVI. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made ' by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts .

, 1882 and.1888 relating to East Retford Failsworth Pemberton -

; J8tourbridge Swinton and Pendlebury and Wednesbury. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. cxxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Heywood Longton Ludlow Mirfield Newcastle-under-Lyme and RawtenstalL (Electric Lighting

v . -Orders Confirmation (No; Tl!).)

P. cxxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made ' by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland)-Act 1890 relating to Arbroath Hawick Kirkcaldy and Musselburgh. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

218

Table of the Statutes.

[62 & 63 Vict.

P; hytyiy. An Act1 to 'confirm certain Provisional Orders made 1 Bjr the'Poatd of Tradeunder the Electric. Lighting Acts 1882 ' and 1888 relating to> Cranford Halesowen Handsworth Lye and Wbllescote and Lymington. (Electric Lighting Orders «,r-3 Confirmation (Yqv 14i).),.,

P. CiSl. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by . the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 v. and'1888 relating to,Bethnal Green Blackheath and.Green-. wich District (Extension) Lewisham District and Plumstead

J.*° (EUfifHc Lijflttifig Orders;^di]firmation (NoSl5)fy j P. cxli. An Act to confirm, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board.ol Trade under,tibeE(eqtrac Lighting,Acte 1882land 1888 relating' to Carshalton Gateshead Merthyr Tydfil and Newton Abbot. (Electric Lighting Orders Confi^ation(fro.TL'T),)

P. cxlii. An Act , to, confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities " 1 Act 1870 relating to Alton (Hants) Gas Bedworth Gas Elstree and Boreham Wood Gas Limavady Gas and Wellingborough Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (fro. 1).)

P. cxliii. An Act ito^oiifirm certain PiimvisionaJ.CWers naade hyj > the Board1 oLTrade uhderlthe-Gasiand. Water "Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Herne Bayt Gas Hoy lake and West Kirby Gas and Water Tunbridge Gas and York Town and Blackwater Gas, (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. CXliv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by i.-j the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water. Works Facilities-... .Act 18.70 relating to Burnham and District Water; Harpenden" i-.Water .Maidstono: Water .Stourbridge.. Water a,nd -Tilehurst Pangboiime and District Watert (Water_ Qr&rf - pon-. firrruiUon.).

Pi cxlv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the" . . Local .Government Board relating fo Bristol (Cheltenham .\.4j.Efding Gellfgaer an^.BHigos (Rural) Leicester (three) Newmarket Scarborough Tonbridge (Rural; Walwe^ hhd.'West Ham,. (LocgZk Government Board's Provihiomd Orders Confirmation (Wo. 4)v)r'-P. cxlvi. An. 'A$fc cptiftrtja' Provisional Ordefis of the

,Local Government Board relatipg to Aberavon Barry Brix'iyorth (Rural)/ Hambledoh (Rural) ,'Mhnchenter' PohtypHdd, Rickmansworth and owadlincbte: ^(l^ihL^GSddri^nt \Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6)<).A t P.CXhdi, An Act to confirpa1 certain Provisional Orders of the Locpl GoVh^p^ent Board relating to: the Luddeflideh Foot the Ludworth and Mellor the^Oakwell and-^the Portslade and Southwick United Districts. ''(Loeat -'Goti&ryvhient ‘Board's u Provisional OrderstGoiafirmation (frg.j 9).) ,

P.'cxlviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the j- r Local Government Boaird relating to r ltchen Ringston-japon-M Bull By dp and Shifnal (Rural), i Cfrof^iO^eryimt^ Bqard'8 Provisional Orders.10)>R ‘"

A.D. 1S9&.]

Local Acts.

219

P. cxlix. An Act' to confirm 'certain Provisional Orders of the P^Locdl Government Board relating to Bournemouth Bradford (Yorks) and Coventry (two)! (Local * Government Board's mfflkmsional Orders Confirmation (Ho, 12).)' |

P. cl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local ''Government Board relating to*'Rhyl. (Local Government wm&oa/rds Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 15)!)

P. clil An Act tiy Confirm Certain Provisional Orders made by the j^jBoard of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to lyAberdeen Oorpdration Tramways* Devonport Corporation 1 Tramways Halifax Corporation Tramways Matlock Urban ewiDistriet Tramways Perth and District Tramways and Reading c$s 'Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation

P; '6lii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act. 1861 S? relating to Fleetwood Innellan Montrose and Southwold. tsn(Fier. and* Harbour Orders 1 Conjfwmation ft

P. eliii. An Act to .confirm a Provisional Order under the m Burgh Pofide '(Scotland) Act 18921relating to Paisley1 Cor-fc. poration Gas Supply. : (Paidey Oorporcdictti Gas Order 3 vCdfofirmdfcion.):: 1

cliv. An Act fd; amend the LeifR Harbour and Dpcks Acts - l-p.92,st6 unthofis&'uie letting 'Of ground' the Con-

tp Strucbion of additional- works th e redemption of the annuity to the Corporation of Leith and for other ‘purposed (Leith Harbour and Docks.) o.?

civ. An^'Att' ^fb^Cmpfewer^'lMs Liverpool' Overhead1 Railway Company w1 'take1 'ofr ‘lease certain* authorised' tramways in ^%he' diUtrictsAf ^Waterlot^-with-Seaforth and Great 'OrbBby to anthdx&$ ;4Mr icem«trttdti<m' of additional tramways and for ^eo^ther pur$9&& ^(Liwrpqdk Omrh^MaMmsy

Givi. An Act to authorise thej sale*of the Church of All Saints yv -Tyndall 'Street' in- - the County Borough Of ‘Cardiff with the P^site thereof and the application of- the- -proceeds of sale to the lo v^o^siW'Pf P^'phurchiandfor.other,purposes. (AllBamts>

I VfrV^W^f^Cardjffi)^ ,> oiClvii,. An Actdo authorise. the1 Great Grimsby Street Tramways Rill Cpppipapy to. extend itheir.tramways-and for .other purposes. .,\(Gtreat Grimsby Street*Trarnttvaya)^ clviii. An Act for extending the limits of supply of the-West GJoucest^h^re gWater ,Gornpapy| and for authprising, ^the Company to ^a^se .further' capital and .for'other purposes.

‘ (West'GJhvlesiersT^ire Water.) V clix. An Act to confer further powers on the ,Lowea,toft^ Water and Gas Company in conmexion with their water undertaking ; and for OtheV'purposes. * (L&westofb Wafer''arid! fas.) clx. AnAcfc tat incorporating and conferiting pdwjers^oh the J1 Tofland WatefVorks Company, and'ffofv /other/pjprposes. (Tottand Waterworfafj'

220

Table of the Statutes.

[62 & 63 Vict.

clxi. An Act to extend the period limited for the construction and completion of the Brighton Marine Palace and Pier and for other purposes. (Brighton Marine Palace and Pier!) clxii. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Glasgow in relation to their gas water and electricity undertakings and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation (Gas and Water).) \

clxiii. An Act to rectify the accounts of the Millwall Bock Company and legalise expenditure of capital and to amend the Acts of the Company relating to the raising of capital. (Millwall Dock.) clxiv. An Act to authorise the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Ayr to construct and work tramways and for making further and better provision in regard to the water supply the common good the cemetery the markets and slaughter houses of the Burgh and for other purposes. (Ayr Burgh.)

clxv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Furness Railway Company for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Furness Railway.) clxvi. An Act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Glasgow to construct new tra,mways to establish libraries to extend the boundaries of the City to raise further moneys and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation (Tramways Libraries &c!)!)

clxvii. An Act for empowering the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Kirkcaldy tot construct Tramways and street improvements and for making certain other provisions in relation to the said Burgh and for other purposes. (Kirkcaldy Corporation and Tramways!)

clxviii. An Act to provide for the working union of the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Rail way. Companies and for other purposes. (South ^Eastern aind London j Chatham and Dover Railway Companies!)

clxix. An Act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Birmingham Electric Supply Companj'' Limited to the Corporation of Birmingham to make further provision as !to the Birmingham School of Art and asAo .the Rubery' Hill Lunatic Asylum Loans and for other purposes. (Birmingham r Corporation.)

clxx. An Act for Constituting incorporating^' and' cdhferring powers upon the Conservators of Milton Creek and for other purposes. (Milton Creek C&nis&rvancy!)

clxxi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Woking Water and. Gas Company for the construction of works and f fof^orising the Company to raise further moneys and for extending their limits for Supply of water .and for other purposes. (Woking Water and Gas.)

A.D. 1899.]

Local Acts.

221

clxxii. An Act to make further provision with reference to the employment of pilots in the Port of Liverpool and for L' other purposes. (Mersey Bocks (.Pilotage &c.).)

clxxiii. An Act to authorise the use of electrical power on pTtramways at Greenock Port Glasgow and Gourock and for other purposes. (Greenock and Port Glasgow Tramways.)

clxxiv. An Act for conferring powers upon the Trustees of ^/the Will of the late James Hood Brooke to acquire Gwyn's it' Grounds Londonderry and lay out the same as a public park £ and for other purposes. (Brookds Park (Londonderry).)

clxxv. An Act to amend the constitution of the Owens pfr College Manchester for conferring further powers on the R&President and Governors and for other purposes. (Owens miCollege)

Clxxvi. An Act to authorise the Lincoln and East Coast ^Railway and Dock Company to alter the line and levels of portions of their authorised railways and to construct certain jy^new and substituted railways in connexion with their under-jgtaking and for other purposes. ([Lincoln and East Coast W Railway and Bock)

Clxxvii. An Act for authorising the construction of a pier at Lowestoft and for other purposes. (Lowestoft Promenade Pier.)

clxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Midland and South Western Junction Railway Company to authorise them L to acquire the undertaking of the Marlborough and Grafton RjRailway Company and for other purposes. (Midland and' ms South Western Junction Railway)

clxxix. An Act to enable the Bristol Gas Company to erect works for the storage of gas to raise additional capital and pifer Other purposes. (.Bristol Gas)

clxxx. An Act to authorise the South Hants Waterworks P Company to make additional waterworks to extend the limits of supply of the Company to raise additional capital to confer jjfc* further powers upon the Company and for Other purposes.. .(South Hants Water)

Clxxxi. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Goole in the West Riding of the County of York to construct additional waterworks to borrow money for the purposes thereof and of " their gas and water undertakings and for other purposes. (Goole Urban District Council)

clxxxii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Great Yarmouth to construct tramways and street improvements to make further provision in regard to the electric lighting undertaking of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth Corporation)

Q

222

Table of the Statutes.

[62 & 63 Vict.

clxxxiii. An Act for authorising the Buenos Ayres and Pacific Railway Company Limited to prepare and carry into effect a scheme or schemes of arrangement with their shareholders or with any class or classes of shareholders and to increase and consolidate its capital and for other purposes.

(Buenos Ayres and Pacific Railway Company (Limited).')

clxxxiv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Blackpool to construct further parade works and additional tramways and to make further provisions for the improvement and good government of the said Borough and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement.)

clxxxv. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Central London Railway and for other purposes. (Central London Railway.)

clxxxvi. An Act to empower the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company to construct additional harbour works at Fishguard and a new railway in lieu of their authorised Cork and Fermoy Railway and to authorise the Great Western and Great Southern and Western Railway Companies to subscribe to and guarantee the capital of the said Company and for other purposes. (Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours.)

clxxxvii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested for vesting the undertaking of the Golden Valley Railway Company in the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes... (Great Western Railway.)

clxxxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and with respect to the regulation of street criers sale of ice

. .creams and with reference to milk and other matters affecting the health and good government of the City and to enlarge their powers in connexion with the-supply of electricity nnd for other purposes, (Manchester Corporation (General Powers).)

clxxxix. An Act to extend the powers of the Lea Bridge District Gas Company and amend the Acts affecting that Company and for other purposes. - (Lea Bridge District Gas.)

CXC. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Sunderland to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the Borough and for other purposes. (Sunderland Corporation.)

cxci. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Mens tone Waterworks Company. (Menstone Waterworks.)

A. D. 1899.]

Local Acts.

223

cxcii. An Act to enable the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway C >mpany to make new railways and works to c mfer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

exciii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Derby to acquire and work the undertaking of the Derby Tramways Company Limited to confer further powers on the Corporation with reference to the government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Derby Corporation Tramways, &c.)

<CXCIV. An Act for empowering the London United Tramways Limited to widen a certain road at Brentford to use mechanical power on their tramways in London and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

CXCV. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Redditch Gas Company. (Redditch Gas.)

exevi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of the County Borough of Stockport with respect to tramways and to their electric lighting and other undertakings to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the Borough to amend and extend the provisions of the Local Acts relating to the Borough and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation.)

cxcvii. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Loughborough to purchase the undertaking of the Loughborough Gas Company and to supply gas and electricity to extend the water limits of the said Corporation and for other purposes. (Loughborough Corporation.)

cxcviii. An Act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to create redeemable stock and to enable the Board to raise money temporarily by bills of exchange or promissory notes and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks (Finance).)

exeix. An Act to enable the Port Talbot Railway and Docks

Company to maintain certain deviations of their railways and works authorised by the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Act 1894 the Port Talbot Railway and Docks (Ogmore Valleys Extension) Act 1896 and the Port Talbot Railway and Docks (South Wales Mineral Railway Junction) Act 1896 and for other purposes. (Port Talbot Railway and Docks.)

CC. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Whitehaven with respect to their water and electric lighting undertakings to extend the Borough of Whitehaven to consolidate the rates of the Borough and simplify the

| collection thereof and for other purposes. (Whitehaven Corporation.)

cci. An Act to extend and amend the Humber Conservancy Acts 1852 to 1876 and to confer further powers on the Humber Conservancy Commissioners and for other purposes. (Humber Conservancy.)

224

Table of the Statutes.

[62 & 63 Vict.

ccii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company. (Great Northern Railway.) cciii. An Act for incorporating the Great Northern and Strand Railway Company and for empowering them to construct an underground railway from the Parish of Wood Green in the. County of Middlesex to the Parish of Saint Clement Danes in the Administrative County of London and for other purposes. (Great Northern and. Strand Railway.) cciv. An Act for^incorporating and conferring powers upon a. Joint Committee of the Great Western and Great Central Railway Companies and for vesting in them certain existing and authorised railways of the Great Western Railway ' Company and authorising them to construct a new railway and other works and for other purposes. (Great Western and Great Central Railway Companies.)

CCV. An Act to empower the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company to widen their existing railways and to purchase additional lands and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway (Various Powers).)

ccvi. An Act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies with reference to the construction of new railways and for other purposes. . (Spyih Eastern and. London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies (New Lines <fcc.).) J CCVii. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Stockport to purchase the undertaking of the Stockport District Waterworks Company and for other purposes.' (Stockport Corporation Water.) ccviii. An Act to empower the Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company to supply electricity within certain parts of their limits of gas supply. * (Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company's (Electric Lighting).') ccix. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Godalraing jfco purchase the undertaking of ' the- Frith Hill Godalming and Farncombe Water Company Limited and to supply water throughout the Borough and . adjoining places. (GoMming Corporation (WatenyoZ ecx. An Act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to construct new railways in the Counties . of Warwick Chester Lancaster and Anglesey and for other purposes. (London and' North Western* Railway (Novi Railways).)

ccxi. An Act for empowering the Corporation of the City of Sheffield to purchase from the Duke of Norfolk his markets and fairs within the City and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation (Marleets).) ccxii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised pier and works of the Weston-super-Mare Grand Gr1 anc^ ^or other purposes. (WostOn-mper-Matoji

A.D. 1899.]

Local Acts.

225

Rojtal Assent, 9th August 1899.

i- ccxiii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London F and North Western Railway Company in relation to their h' own undertaking and upon that Company and ibe Great Western Railway Company in relation to their joint undertaking and for other purposes. (London a/nd North Western Railway (Additional Powers).)

tscxiv. An Act to extend the municipal and police boundaries Bf of the Burgh of Renfrew to authorise the construction of a Bl tidal dock or basin and other works at the Harbour and for Brother purposes. (Renfrew Burgh a/nd Harbour Extension.)

€CXV. An Act to confer further powers on the Caledonian | Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to authorise | them to deviate certain railways of the North British Railway RfGompany and the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway ^Company at Stirling to empower the Callander and Oban and if Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie Railway Companies to Bpwiden and deviate portions of their railways to enable the ^Caledonian Railway Company to subscribe to the under-

K. taking of the last-named Company and for other purposes''.

(Caledonian Railway (General Powers).)

OCXVi. An Act to authorise the Caledonian Railway Company L and the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to alter I and enlarge their Aberdeen Joint Passenger Station and to r construct certain railways and work-s in connexion therewith Eand^for other purposes. (Aberdeen Joint Passenger Station.)

bfcexvii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Chuncil of P-Leigh-on-Sea in the County of Essex to construct and main-f < tain gas works and for other purposes. (Leigh-on-Sea Urban Kip (strict Council.)

CCXViii. An Act to empower the Urban District Council for ' the District of Moss Side to work any tramway for the time v being belonging to Or leased by them and for other purposes. (Moss Side Tramways.)

ccxix. An Act to empower the Urban District Council for : the. District of Stretford to work any tramway for the time being belonging to or leased by them and for other purposes. (Stretford Tramways.)

CCXX. An Act to empower the Urban District Council for the

* District' of Withington to work any tramway for the fime being belonging to or leased by them and for other purposes. (Withington Tramways.)

CCXXI. An Act to empower the Weston-super-Mare Clevedon and Portishead Tramways Company to construct light railways in the County of Somerset and for other purposes. (Weston ''Clevedon and Portishead Light Railways.)

226

Table of the Statutes. [62 & 63 Vict,

CCXXii. An Act to alter and amend the Yeadon and Guiseley Gas Act 1868 by substituting for the maximum price of gas-supplied by the Yeadon and Guiseley Gas Light and Coke Company a standard price with a sliding scale of profits dependent on the price charged above or below such standard price. (Yeadon and Guiseley Gas.)

ccxxiii. An Act for conferring further powers'upon the South Staffordshire Tramways Company with respect to the leasing of tramways and for other purposes. (South Staffordshire Tramways.) *

ccxxiv. An Act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of Darwen with respect to the working and con- struction of tramways in the borough to confer further powers on the said-Corporation with respect to their waterworks undertaking and in regard to streets buildings.-sewers and ., drains and for the health local government and improvement of the Borough to make further provisions . for the collection and recovery of rates for the borrowing of money and for other purposes. (Darwen Coloration.)

CCXXV. An Act to make further provision in regard to the water supply of the Borough of Warrington and to improve the local government of that town.' (Warrington Cor-. poration.)

ccxxvi. An Act to authorise the re-transfer to the Justices of . the Peace for the County of Worcester and to the .Worcestershire County Council of the Parish of Yardley in the County of Worcester for police' and all other purposes from' the .Justices of the Peace for the County of Warwick and the Warwickshire County Council and for other purposes. I Worcestershire County Council (Transfer of the Parish*, of Yardley).)

CCXXVii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction, of works and the acquisition of lands fqr vesting.in them,the undertakings of the Largs Harbour , .Company and the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway Company for making provision with reference to the election of Rothesay Harbour-Trustees for empowering the Company to raise1 additional capital and for other purposes; (Glasgow and South Western Railway)

ccxxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company to authorise- them--to*-execute further works to acquire additional lands and to raise-further money and for other purposes. (Cheat Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

ccxxix. An Act to extend the limits'of supply of-'the1-Great Yarmouth [ Waterworks' Company and; to ^authorise- that Company to construct new works to raise further-money and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth, WaterworJcs)

A.D. 1899.] Local Acts.- 227

cexxx. An Act to confer* additional ‘powers upon the North -Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition- of additional lands and for transferring to the Company the powers of the North Holderness Light Railway Company and for other purposes^ (North Eastern Railway.)

ccxxxi. An Act to confer further powers on the North Staffordshire Railway Company. (North Staffordshire Railway.)

ccxxxii. An Act to empower the Wolverhampton Tramways Company Limited to alter the gauge of certain Of their tramways and to work the same by mechanical' power and for other purposes. (Wolverhampton Tramways -)-‘ -

CCXXXiii. An Act to authorise the. Corporation of Hastings to . enter into agreements with the, Hastings Harbour Commissioners to guarantee the payment by,/the Corporation of interest upon capital for the completion of Hastings Harbour to provide for the transfer of the Harbour undertaking'to the Corporation and for other purposes. (Hastings Harbour.)

CCXXXiv. An Act to authorise the abandonment of a portion of the Oystemouth Railway or Tramroad for the lease-of the undertaking and of the. Mumbles Railway and Pirn: to the Swansea Improvements and Tramways Company and for other purposes, (Oystermouth Railway or 1'rdmroad.)

CCXXXV. An Act to increase the number-of the members of the Council of -Rootle to increase > the number of the wards , of the Borough and to make (further provision for the health ,local government and improvement, of the borough and, for other purposes, .. (Bootle Corporation.)

ccxxxvi. An Act to amend, the enactments relating to markets in the City of Dublin and to the .borrowing powers.of . the | Corporation; of Dublin .and-. for ..other purposes. (Dublin Corporation. (Markets))'

ccxxxvii. An Act. to enable the London County Council to construct railway sidings, at Horton Asylum ..'(Surrey) and to purchase lands, for various purposes, to extend the time limited for the purchase of .certain lands and the completion of certain works- and .for. other purpose^.(London County Council (General Powers)) ccxxxviii. An Act to regulate the expenditure of money1, by the London County Council on capital account,.during the , current financial period and the raising of money . to * meet . such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).) CCXXXix. An Act to authorise the- Trustees-of the Clyde Navigation.±o construct a new. tidal, dock, river wall high level :cr.oss ferry recesses and other works to borrow additional money to confirm agreements with, railway, companies respecting Prince's Dock Branch Railway and for other purposes. (Clyde Navigation)

228

Table of the Statutes.

[62 & 63 VICT.

ccxl. An Act to make further provision for protecting Cromer from encroachment of the sea to authorise the construction of a pier and for other purposes. (Cromer Protection.)

CCXli. An Act to empower the Corporation of Oldham to construct additional tramways to make a new street to confer further powers upon the Corporation and other authorities with regard to tramways in and near the Borough and for other purposes. (Oldham Corporation.) ccxlii. An Act for enabling the North Eastern Railway Company and the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company to make a dock and railways at Hull and for other purposes. (Hull Joint Bock.) ccxliii. An Act to confirm an agreement between the Fylde Waterworks Company and the Fylde Water Board for the sale and purchase of the Company's undertaking to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes. (Fylde Water Board.)

CCxliv. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford to reconstruct their existing and to construct additional tramways to make street improvements and to raise additional moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of stock and to make further provisions for the good government of the Borough. (Salford Corporation.) CCXlv. An Act to make further provision in regard to the water undertaking of the Corporation of Wakefield and to the health local government and improvement of the City and for other purposes. (Wakefield Corporation.)

CCXlvi. An Act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Belfast to lay down tramways to make works and to purchase lands for cemetery purposes to amend several of the Local Acts in force in Belfast and to confer various powers on the Corporation. (Belfast Corporatism^. ccxlvii. An Act to confer further powers on thO City and Brixton Railway Company for the construction of an extension railway and works in the County of .London and for other purposes. (City and Brixton Railway.)

CCxlviii. An Act1 to enable the Gateshead and District Tramways Company to lay down and maintain additional tramways and , works and for other purposes. (Gateshead and District Tramways.)

CCXlix. An Act to authorise the London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway Company to construct a new railway to connect with the Great Eastern Railway to abandon a portion of their authorised railway and for Other purposes. (London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway.)

'Cel. An Act for incorporating the West ^Metropolitan Railway Company and for empowering them to'vconstruct railways from the Hammersmith and City Railway in the County of London to Acton in the County of Middlesex and .for other purposes. (West Metropolitan Railway.)

A.D. 1899.]

Local Acts.

229

CCli. An Act for incorporating the Bexhill and Botherfield Railway Company and for other purposes. (Bexhill and Botherfield Railway.)

CClii. An Act to empower the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway Company to make new railways in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick and for other purposes. (Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway.)

CCliii. An Act to confer further powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company to authorise them to execute further works to acquire additional lands and to raise further money and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

ccliv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Manchester and neighbouring authorities in respect of tramways within and beyond the City and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation Tramways.)

cclv. An Act to empower the Paisley and Barrhead District Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (Paisley and Barrhead District Railway.)

CClvi. An Act to consolidate the Parishes within the County Borough of Portsmouth and to confer further powers on the Corporation of Portsmouth and for other purposes. (Portsmouth Corporation.)

cclvii. An Act to make new provisions with regard to the constitution and to change the name of the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to fix and regulate the capital and borrowing powers of the Company to amend the Acts relating to and confer further powers on the Company and for other purposes. (Rochdale Canal.)

celviii. An Act to authorise the construction of a tramroad in and near to Southport and for other purposes. (Southport District Tramroad.)

cclix. An Act to empower the Corporation of Wolverhampton to construct tramways and street improvements and to make further provision in regard to tramways in and in the neighbourhood of Wolverhampton and in regard to the electric lighting and water undertakings of the Corporation and the finance of the Borough and for other purposes. (Wolverhampton Corporation.)

CClx. An Act for extending the limits of the Borough of Workington and for making further and better provision in regard to the water supply thereof. ( Workington Corporation.)

oclxi. An Act for incorporating the North West London Railway Company and for empowering them to construct underground railways from Marble Arch to Crioklewood and for other purposes. (North West London Railway.)

230

Table of the Statutes.

[62 & 63 Viol.

cclxii. An Acfc. to confer- further -powers on the - Brampton and , Riccadilly1Circus Railway Company ifor the construction of extension railways and works in the County, of London and for | .other purposes. .(Brompfor^, and, PiccQcfrilly Cwjsa/s Railway fExtensions).) ®

cclxiii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Leeds to extend their Kirirgate Market' to erect \a hall, to construct

f street works and a tramway and for other purposes.' .(Leeds Corporation.)

CClxiv. An Act to confer further powers on the Charing, Cross Euston and Hampstead" Railway . Company, jor authorising agreements with the Midland South Eastern and London and North Western Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Cha/ring Cross Euston and Hampstead Rail/way.)

cclxv. - Air Act to^Cnable- the'M&ybr ;,Aldem'eh-,"attd^Oitizehs-ofi the*. City-and County' -of Ne'wcastksUpow-Tyhe td'co'tiStrtiet

- additional- tramways- street- -improvements -and: other' works and to make further-.provision -fctr'- the- igood government of therCity' and for .other, purposes. -(ffeuxastle-up&ti-Tyne^. Tramways andlmpvovey^nt.)

CClx vi. An Act :to empowensthe.«London' ‘ County Council: to make a new street from Holborn to the Strand and a widening. Of Southampton Row to wicleh High Street Kensington and to'-' make other street improvements and works, in the administrative County bf-LbndSn 'atfd fbf County Council (Improvements).)

COlxvii. - An- Actj to- empower *the; Harrow^nd Hxbridge RaiL '

- way Company- to^-make -certain .extensions-to cormect-their -authorised ^railway- with the--'Metropolitan- Railway and :for

other purposes. * (Harrow and' Uxbridge' Railway!) R1

celxviii: An Act to auth^sej theN LTi|l^idge and Rickmansworth Railway 'OSteipaky' to abandon portions of their .undertaking, anduto .-ennstructia new ,er- substituted railway in, >lieuthereof'and for other purposes/ j . (Uxbridge \md RicTema/risworth Railway.)

cclxix. jAn.,Act to. authorise the ^construction o& works, for . impounding .and . distrib.Uting.(Jihe . waters .of-, the. Rivers Derwent.and Ashop and theirtributaries and ..tofcpnsjatu£ev& joint bps-rd, representative fpf rik.e..Cojpbrations .of Derby Leicester Nottingham i and. . Sheffield.. and ,-of-. tha. County Council of P^rbysjuie" ;toj..tke.;pnrgo§e|.^|1 such qpnatiniption ''and'* to confer-rarther powers" in supply of

water on the said Corporations and County Council and for . oth^ purposes. |Derwent VMey Waievi) -

cclxx. An Act to authorise the' Mayor Aldermen and. Citizens of the City of Bradford in the County of York to construct; additional.;,tramways imjindvpear the .City to puroha saBaildon;

, -M=9.°r: ftudj other.; lands. to.' make fuirther7provision<.Loii':the improvement.of the City and for,other.puipc®ea..,-^(Bradfovd Tramways and Improvement:).

AD.L1899.]

Local Acts.

231

F. cclxxi. An Act to confirm* certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade^under' the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating, torFamham Gas Freshwater Gas Morecambe Gas and, Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn Gas, (Gas Orders Confirmation. (N'o. 27.)

F. CClxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Isle of Thane t\.(.Rural) Ramsgate and .Reading, (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).),

P. cclxxiii. An Act , to confirm certain Provisional Orders made, , by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870, relating to Audenshaw Urban District Tramways ‘Clayton Tramways Eccles Corporation Tram w4ys Ilkeston Corporation Tramways Queensbury Tramway and Southport Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

F. CClxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Barking Town Urban District Tramways Blackpool Corporation Tramways Dudley and Wolverhampton Tramways Gravesend Rosherville and Northfleet Tramways Ilford Urban District Tramways and Wrexham, District Tramways, (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

F. CClxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to the City of London. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 20).)

F. cclxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

F. cclxxvii. An Act1 tu confira"a~Sch6iS!r~^ the Charity; .-Commissioners for the management of the.several Charities founded by the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tancred . of Whixley in the County of York Esquire deceased. (Tancred's Charities Scheme Confirmation.)

PRIVATE ACT.

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVTDENCR i,

i, AN Act to give effect to a compromise of opposing claims AjL affecting certain estates of the late Sir James Cockbura 7th Baronet deceased situate in the , Counties of Pembroke Cardigan and Carmarthen and in the City and County of London. (ToriIre Estate.)

232

Table of the Statutes.

PRIVATE ACTS.

[62 & 63 Vict.]

NOT PRINTED.

AN Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Charles Duffin Cathcart of Ruperta House Newtownards Road in that part of the City of Belfast which is situate in County Down Medical Practitioner with Emily Jane Cathcart his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Cathcart's Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charlotte Jaue Jones the wife of Robert Colvill Jones with the said Robert Colvill Jones and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. (Jones' Divorce.)

233

TABLE IV.

Showing the Effect of the Year's Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OE 62 & 63 VICT.*

Statute and Chapter.

Subject-matter or Short Title.

How affected.

Chapter

of

62 & 63 Vict.

29 Geo. 2. c. 36 -31 Geo. 2. c. 41 -37 Geo. 3. c. 21 (Ireland).

41 Geo. 3. c. 109 -

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 23 4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 30 6 & 7 Will. 4. c.115

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71

3 & 4 Vict. c. 31 6 & 7 Vict. e. 18

c. 73 8 & 9 Vict. c. 118

13 & 14 Vict. c. 41 18 & 19 Vict.:

C. 120

19 & 20 Vict.:

c. 2 c. 116

21 & 22 Vict. c. 97

25 & 26 Vict.:

c. 102

26 & 27 Vict. c. 114

27 & 28 Vict.:

c. 27 c. 114

Inclosure

Game Law (Ireland)

j- Repealed with saving -Amended

Inclosure (Consolidation) -Inclosure

Common Fields Exchange -Inclosure - - -

Police Courts (Metropolis) Inclosure ...

Parliamentary Voters Registration Solicitors - _ -

Inclosure -

Manchester (Parish)

Metropolis Management

Metropolitan Police Education Department Public Health

Metropolis Management

Salmon Fishery (Ireland)

Chain Cables and Anchors Improvement of Land

\Repealed with saving -

S. 9 repealed with saving Repealed with saving S. 56 repealed in part S. 32 amended -S. 150 am.; ss. 121, 122 rep. with saving.

S, 20 amended -Ss. 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 12, 29, 31-42, 55, 56, 161-169, 172-179, 192-197, 238 rep.; sp. 8, 28, 58, 91, 158, 198, 199, 237 rep. in part 5 ss. 57, 58, 60, 61, 66 rep. as to district boards and their districts; s. 154 rep. in part except so far as it applies to Metropolitan Board of Works.

S. 202 amended

S. 3 repealed with saving

Repealed prospectively -

S. 7, "the Vice-President " to " one of them," rep. prospectively.

Ss. 9-12, 14, 16,38,40, 41, and forms of precept in Sch. C. rep.; ss. 8, 56, 84 rep. in part; s. 15 rep. so far as it relates to vestries and district boards; s. 37 rep. so far as it relates to district boards; s. 84 amended.

Ss. 33, 35 repealed prospectively.

Repealed

S. 54 rep., ss. 5S, 63, 68, 69 rep. in part.

30, s. 23.

1.

30, s. 23.

26.

30, s. 23.

14, s. 35 (2). 4.

30, ss. 19,23. 28.

14, s. 35 (2).

15.

26.

! 33, s. 1 (8).

14, ss. 6 (3), 35

(2).

50, s. 35,

23, s. 20. 46, ss. 5, 8.

Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table.

234

Effect of Legislation.

[62 & 63 Tier.

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or Short Title. How affected. Chapter of 62 & 63 Vict.

29 & 30 Vict. : S. 4 rep. prospectively -

c. 88 Oyster Beds (Ireland) - 50, s. 35.

c. 9.7 Oyster Fishery (Ireland) - Ss. 5, 14 amended 50, s. 3 (4).

e. 122' Metropolitan Commons - S. 20 repealed 30,'s. 21.

30 & 31 Vict. c.39 IVEetropolitan Police - S. 2 rep. with saving j 26.

31 & 32 Vict.: Sch. am.; -

c. 37 Documentary Evidence 50, s. 21.

c. 67 Metropolitan Police Rate S, 3 rep. with saving 26.

32 & 33 Vict.:

c. 9 Salmon Fishery (Ireland) - S. 2 rep. prospectively; s. 3 am. 50, ss. 2 (1) (i),3

c. 67 Valuation (Metropolis) S. 5 amended 14. s. 13.

c. 92 Fisheries (Ireland) - Ss. 6, 7 in part, 9 rep, 50, ss. 2 (1) (i),

33 & 34 Vict. 0. 36 Limited Owners Residences prospectively; ss. 8,10, 12-16, 18 am. 1 (4), 35.

& 35 Vict.: e. 84 Jf )> Chain Cables and Anchors > Extended to Scotland - 46, s. 2.

c. 101 Repealed ... 23, 8. 20.

e. 108 Pauper Inmates Discharge, 8cc. - S. 4 amended 37, s. 4.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 91 Borough Funds - Ext. , to Metropolitan Boroughs. 14, s. 6 (6).'

37 Se 38 Vict. c, 51 Chain Cables and Anchors Repealed ... 23, 8. 20.

38 & 39 Vict.: S. 1 am. - - -

c. 45 National Debt (Sinking Fund) - 9, s. 16.

c. 63 Sale of Food and Drugs Ss. 2,14,27 rep. in part; s. 15 rep.;. s. 8 explained; ss. 6, 7, 9, 16, 17, 20, 22, 27 am. 51, ss. 12,13, 1 17-19; 21, 25

c, 77 Supreme Court of Judicature S. 12 amended - - 6.

c. 89 Public Works Loans S. 5 amended 31, s. 6.

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 31 Limited Owners Reservoirs, &c. Extended to Scotland 46, s. 2.

c. 42 Fisheries (Oysters, Crabs, and Xobsters).' S. 10 am. ... 50, s. 2 (1) (0

c. 68 Destructive Inseets - S. 7 amended- 50, s. 2 (5).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 14 Baths and Washhouses -, S. 5 rep. in part - 29, s. 2.

42 & 43 Vict.: Ss. 3,4 ext.; s. 10 repealed

c. 30 Sale of Food and Drugs - 51, ss. 14, 27.

c. 49 Summary Jurisdiction - S. 11, Sch. I. amended - 22.

44 & 45 Vict.: S. 4 amended

c. 46 Patriotic Fund - 45.

c. 58 Army - Ss. 57 (2).(b), 73 (3), 91, 138 (8),. 145 (2), 183 (2), (b) am.; ss. 83' (6), 91 (2), 138 (a), 190 (15) (a) (iii) rep. 3, ss. 4, 5, 6.

in part.

45 & 46 Vict.: S. 4 am.

. c. 9 Documentary Evidence - 50, s. 21.

c. 16 Irish Reproductive.Loan Fund- Ss. 2, 3 am. ... 50, ss. 2 (1) ( 3 (4).

c. 38 Settled land - . - Parts VII., Ail, extended to Scotland. 46, s. 2.

c. 48 Reserve Forces - . - Amended - - - 40.

47 85 48 Vict. c. 17 Metropolitan Police - Ss. 2 (Proviso), 3 (1) rep. with saving. 26.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 23 Redistribution of Seats - S.12, " and also " to ‘-Registration Acts/' rep. 14, S. 35 (2).

c. 61 Secretary for Scotland S. 5 amended 51, S. 23.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 30 50 8c 51 Vict. : Patriotic Fund - - S. 3 amended - 45.

0. 16 National Debt and Local Loans S. 2 (1) rep.; s. 4 virt. rep. S. 10 amended - 9, ss* 16? 17*

c, 27 Markets and Fairs (Weighing of Cattle). I 6 50, s. 2 (d)-

A.P- 1899-3

Effect of Legislation.

285

Statute and Chapter.

Subject-matter or Short Title.

50 & 51 Vict':

c, 29 ! Margarine

c. 32 Open Spaces - -

c. 42 Public Libraries (Scotland)

51 & 52 Vict. c. 65 Solicitors -sa & 53 Vict. : . _ .

c. 6 National Debt -c. 50 Local Government (S.) c. 56 Poor Law -

c. 72 Infectious Disease (Notification)

c. 74

Steam Trawling (I.)

c. 76

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 44 c. 60

C. 69 c. 70

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 4 c, 39

Technical Education

Supreme. Court of Judicature -Local Taxation (Customs and Excise).

Settled Land - - -

Housing of the Working Classes

Technical Instruction - .

Stamps - - '-..j |

c. 46 c. 70

c. 76

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 26

c. 53

56 & 57 Vict.':

c. 34 c. 48 c. 51

c. 56 c. 78

Post Office - -

Markets and Fairs (Weighing of Cattle).

Public Health (London).

National Debt (Conversion of Exchequer Bonds).

Public Libraries -

Improvement of Land (Scotland) Reformatory Schools Elementary Education (School Attendance).

Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs -Local Government

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 57

58 & 59- Vict.:

59 & 60 Vic

Diseases of Animals

Army (Annual)

Isle of Man (Customs) Land Law (Ireland)- -

61 & 62^Vic ° * Supreme Court (Ireland)

®* 25 Solicitors (Ireland) c. 28 Mussels (Ireland) - . *

c. 60 Inebriates - -

c. 62 University of London

Chapter

How affected. of

62 & 63 Vict.

Extended to Margarine 51, ss. 5, 6,7 (4),

Cheese; s. 4 am.; s. 6 rep. in part and am.; s. 9 extended and am. 17 (2), 23, 27.

S. 5 am.; s. 7 ext. 30, s. 17(1), (3).

Amended 5.

Amended - 4.

S. 1 repealed 9, s. 16.

S. 8 am. - 44, s. 12.

S. 1 (1), (2), (4), repealed 37, s. 1.

Ext.; ss. 2 (6) in part, 8, ss. 1, 2, 3.

5 rep.,as to E.; s. 14 am. as to E., with saving for Huddersfield.

Ss. 3, 4 am. - 50, ss. 2 (1) (j),

3 (4).

Ss. 1, 7 amended - 50,ss.2(/),19(2).

S. 1 amended 6.

S. 3 rep. in part 50, s. 35.

g' ext. to Scotland - 46, s. 2.

S.-l amended- 1 - 50, s. 19 (2).

Ss. 6, 52 (1), 98, 107, 9, ss. 5 (2), 7, 9

109, 112, 113 (2), Sch. I. am.; s. 79 (2) virt. (1), (3), 10-13.

rep.

S. 11 repealed 51, s. 27.

S. 5 amended ik. 50, s. 2 (d).

S. 28 am.; ss. 102, 140, 14, ss. 5 (1), 35

Sch. II. rep. (2).

Rep. prospectively ~ 9, s. 17 (4).

S.--22 repealed 14, s. 35 (2).

Repealed - '- 46, s. 8.

S. 1 amended 12.

S. 1 amended - - 13.

S. 10 amended - - 50, s. 2 (6).

S. 3 (3), (4), (7) rep.; S. 47 (1) am. Ss. 31, 46, 48 (4), (5) rep. 10. 14, s. 35 (2).

in part. Ss. 65-77 am.; ss. 65 (2),

50, ss. 2 (a), 35.

(3), 76 (2), (3) rep. prospectively.

S. 8 virt. rep. 3, s. 6.

S. 1 amended 39.

Ss. 40, 43 (1), (2) am.; 18, ss. 1, 3, 4.

s. 43 (6) rep.; s. 44 (5) rep. in part.

S. 13 repealed - - i 50, s. 35.

Amended 4.

Amended , - - 1 50, ss. 2 (1) (('),

3(4).

Amended 35.

Amended - - - 24.

