THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

FORTY-SECOND & FORTY-THIRD YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1879:

WITH

A COPIOUS INDEX, TABLES,

LONDON:

PRINTED BY GEORGE EDWARD EYRE AND WILLIAM SPOTTISWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:

And Published in Numbers, Price 2d. each,

AT THE QUEEN'S PRINTING OFFICE, EAST HARDING STREET,

NEAR FLEET STREET.

1879.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the First Session, of the Twenty-First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Acts passed in 1879, 42 & 43 Victoria c.1 - c.78.

From Public General Statutes, 1879.

1. An Act to amend the Law respecting the holding of Assizes. 1

2. An Act to apply the sum of Four million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred, and seventy-nine. 2

3. An Act to raise the sum of Four million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine. 3

4. An Act to continue for three months the Act of the Session of the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ten, intituled "An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters." 4

5. An Act to continue for three months the Act of the Session of the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eleven, intituled "An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore." 5

6. An Act to amend the Law with respect to District Auditors. 6

7. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of, March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty. 10

8. An Act to make further provision for the Registration of Deaths, Marriages, and Births occurring out of the United Kingdom among officers and soldiers of Her Majesty's Forces, and their families. 11

9. An Act to declare the true meaning of Section Thirty of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875. 12

10. An Act to amend the Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869. 13

11. An Act to amend the Law of Evidence with respect to Bankers' Books. 13

12. An Act to amend the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876. 15

13. An Act to amend the Act thirty-third and thirty-fourth Victoria, chapter forty-two, for the abolition of Petty Customs.

14. An Act to apply the sum of Six million six hundred and ninety-four thousand eight hundred and sixteen pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty.

15. An Act to amend the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867.

16. An Act to provide for the winding up of the West Indian Relief Commission, and for the remission of certain Sums remaining unpaid in respect of Loans by the said Commission.

17. An Act to amend the House of Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1847.

18. An Act for the Licensing of Metropolitan Suburban Racecourses.

19. An Act to facilitate the control and cure of Habitual Drunkards.

20. An Act to apply the sum of Six million five hundred and sixty-seven thousand and twenty-three pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty.

21. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

22. An Act for more effectually providing for the Prosecution of Offences in England; and for other purposes.

23. An Act to provide for the Preservation of Hares in Ireland.

24. An Act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law of Ireland.

25. An Act to give facilities for providing Dispensary Houses and Dwelling Houses for Medical Officers of Dispensary Districts in certain parts of Ireland.

26. An Act to amend the Salmon Fishery Act with relation to fixed Engines in Tidal Waters.

27. An Act to empower Parliamentary Burghs in Scotland to become members of the Convention of Royal Burghs.

28. An Act to repeal the Convention (Ireland) Act, passed in the Irish Parliament in the thirty-third year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and to amend and declare the Law in certain cases in respect to Assemblies and Public Meetings.

29. An Act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages of British subjects on board Her Majesty's ships.

30. An Act to amend the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875.

31. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, as to Interments.

32. An Act to bring into force the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.

33. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

34. An Act to regulate the Employment of Children in Places of Public Amusement in certain cases.

35. An Act to remit certain Loans mhde by the Exchequer Loan Commissioners and the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and by the Irish Exchequer Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

36. An Act for the transfer of property held for the service of Her Majesty's Customs to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings; and for other purposes.

37. An Act to amend the Commons Act, 1876.

38. An Act to amend the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873.

39. An Act to amend the law with respect to Returns of Receipts and Expenditure as regards Highways, and to dispense with the verification before Justices of the accounts of Surveyors of Highways.

40. An Act to amend the Conveyancing and Land Transfer (Scotland) Act, 1874.

41. An Act to enable Guaranteed Railway Companies in India and the Secretary of State for India in Council to enter into Agreements with respect to the working of Railways, and with respect to Telegraphs, and to confer upon those Companies additional powers with respect to their undertakings.

42. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Valuation of Lands and Heritages in Scotland.

43. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to create and issue Capital Stock in the United Kingdom in exchange for so much of the Annuity created under the East Indian Railway Company Purchaai Act, 1879, and thereby made chargeable on the Revenues of India as may be purchased by the Secretary of State under that Act.

44. An Act to make provision in regard to the office of Lord Clerk Register of Scotland; and for other purposes.

45. An Act to authorise the issue of a sum out of the Consolidated Fund by way of loan to the Secretary of State for India.

46. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

47. An Act to continue and amend the Petroleum Act, 1871.

48. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Powers of School Boards in relation to Industrial Schools.

49. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Summary Jurisdiction of Magistrates.

50. An Act to amend the Law relating to Bills of Sale in Ireland.

51. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

52. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a land Tax and other rates and taxes.

53. An Act to amend the Law regulating Municipal Elections in Ireland.

54. An Act to make better provision for the adjustment of Parish Boundaries, and to make further amendments in the Acts relating to the relief of the Poor in England.

55. An Act to reduce the Minimum Term of Penal Servitude in the case of a previous conviction, and to amend the Law with respect to the notifications and reports made under sections five and eight of the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871.

56. An Act to continue for a further period the Regulation of Railways Acts, 1873 and 1874.

57. An Act to amend the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

58. An Act to provide for the Collection, either in money or by stamps, of Fees payable in Public Offices.

59. An Act for repealing certain Enactments relating to Civil Procedure which have ceased to be in force, or have become unnecessary, and for abolishing Outlawry in Civil Proceedings.

60. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

61. An Act to make provision for raising the sum required for the purposes of the Advance authorised by the Indian Advance Act, 1879.

62. An Act to raise the sum of four million two hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hunched and eighty.

63. An Act to amend the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875.

64. An Act to extend the powers of the Artizans Dwellings Act of 1868, by provisions for compensation and rebuilding.

65. An Act to promote the advancement of Learning, and to extend the benefits connected with University Education in Ireland.

66. An Act to continue for a further period the power of making Schemes under the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869, 1874, and 1876.

67. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

68. An Act to authorise the Metropolitan Board of Works to defray expenses incurred in relation to the promotion of certain Bills in Parliament relating to the supply of water to the Metropolis.

69. An Act for further amending the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto.

70. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Vaccination in Ireland.

71. An Act to regulate the Practice in Registry Courts in Ireland.

72. An Act to provide for the re-hearing of Investigations into Shipping Casualties, and to amend the rules as to the mode of holding, and procedure at, such Investigations.

73. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Forests and Land Revenues to agree with the Conservators of the River Thames on the Payments for Piers or Landing-places in or upon the Bed or Shore of the River Thames.

74. An Act for improving the position of the Teachers of National Schools in Ireland.

75. An Act to amend and continue the Acts relating to Election Petitions, and to the prevention of Corrupt Practices at Parliamentary Elections.

76. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Liability of Members of Banking and other Joint Stock Companies; and for other purposes.

77. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the said Commissioners; and for other purposes in relation thereto.

78. An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts.

[Partial table of acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

42 VICTORIA.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the holding of Assizes.

[14th March 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Spring Assizes Act, 1879.

---

2. Whereas it is expedient to enable Her Majesty to unite Extension to counties for the purpose of holding spring assizes? in the manner spring assizes. in which Her Majesty is authorised to unite counties for the jie^°Majesty purpose of holding winter assizes, and to make similar provision as to winter in relation to the jurisdiction of the Central Criminal Court over assizes, offences committed in the neighbouring counties to that which

Her Majesty is able to make under the Winter Assizes Act, 1876: 39 & 40 Vict. Be it therefore enacted as follows: . c. 57.

All the provisions of the Winter Assizes Act, 1876, shall be 39 & 40 Vict. deemed to be herein enacted, with the. substitution of " spring c- 57-assizes" for "winter assizes," and of the months of March, April, and May for ‘the months of November, December, and January respecti vely; provided that nothing in this Act, or the Winter Assizes Acts, 1876 and 1877, shall affect the custom of holding |!957 40 Wt separate assizes in and for each county twice a year. 40 & 41 Vict.

3. Notwithstanding 'anything in the Prison Act, 1877, or any- Execution of thing done in pursuance of that Act, where judgment of death has sentence of been passed upon a convict at .any assizes held after the passing death-

of this Act, the judgment may be carried into execution in any 40,^41 v,ctl

+prison in which the convict was confined for the purpose of safe custody prior to his removal to the place where the assizes were held, and the sheriff of the county for which such assizes were held shall be charged with the execution of that judgment, and shall for that purpose have the same jurisdiction and powers, and be subject to the same duties in the prison in which the judgment is to be carried into execution, although such prison is not situate

within his county, as he has by law with respect to the common 28 & 29 Vict.

gaol of his county, or would have had if the Prison Act, 1865, and y.Qt

the Prison Act, 1877, had not passed. c. 21.

2

Oh, 1. .. Sprmg Assizes Act, 1879. 42 Vict,j

The coroner, whose duty it is to hold an inquest on the bodies of prisoners dying in any prison shall hold an inquest in accordance si & 32 Vict. with the Capital Punishment Amendment Act, 1868, on the bodyj c- 24> of any convict executed in that prison.

Nothing in this section shall affect any power authorised to be 39 &40 Vict. exercised by Order in Council under the Winter Assizes Act, 1876,] c> 57' and this Act.

Definitions. 4. ttt tMs Act —

The expression " assizes means any court of assize or anya sessions of. oyer and terminer of gaol delivery:! .

The expression " county " includes a county of a city and a county of a town, and any. such division of a county as is . constituted by Order in Council under the Act of the session]

of the third, and fourth years of King William the Fourth^ c«7V*^ 4 Chapter seventy-one, intituled "An Act for the appointment

c‘ "of convenient places for the holding of assizes in England)

" and Wales," and the sheriff fqr a county so divided^ shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be. the sheriff for such division of a county.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to apply the sum of Four million two hundreds and fifty thousand pounds out of the. Consolidated Fundi to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

[14th March 1879.U

Most Gracious Sovereign, .

WE, Tour Majesty's most- dutiful and loyal subjects, the Cornel morts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain (and Ireland,j in Parliament assembled, towards making gdod the supply, which! we have' cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of; Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Tour Majesty the suni| herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech*] I Tour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by thhj Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and With the advice and] consent of the Lords Spiritual and. Temporal, and Commons, in thisj present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of . the same, 80 follows:

ln$ue of 1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time

of2tte°ConMU- ^00 may issue out Of the Consolidated Fund of the United) dated Fund " Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making;! for the service good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of thei ra^mfsist en^hig on ‘ the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight

March 1879. hundred and seventy-nine the sum of four million two hundred and, fifty thousand pounds.

Power to the 2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to bonow710 on credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding

in the whole the sum of four million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, and shall repay the moneys So borrowed with

1879. . Consolidated Fmd (No. .1) Ad, 1879. Ch. 2, S. 3

interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the . said . moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit, of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such, fund is available.

3. This Act may be. cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, short title.

, 1879,

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to raise the sum of Pour million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds, for the service of the .,year ending on the thirtyrfirst day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

[14th March 1879.] '

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHE, Tour Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great-Britain and . Ireland, in' Parliament assembled, towards raising the supply which we have cheerfully granted. to Tour Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to rgraint unto Tour Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Tour Majesty that it may be.enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Towards' raising the supply granted to Her Majesty for the Treasury service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one 4^500^/ by thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, it shall be lawful for the Exchequer Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, on or before the said bonds, thirty-first day of March, to raise any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole four million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, by the issue of Exchequer .bonds, in mahher provided by the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1860, so, however, that no Exchequer 29 & 3° Vict. bond shall be made out for any sum less than one hundred pounds. °*25'

Every Exchequer bond issued in pursuance of this Act shall provide for the .paying off df Such bond at par at any period not exceeding twelve months from the date of such bond.

2. The interest bn all Exchequer bonds issued in pursuance of Payment of this Act shall be charged upon and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the Hinted Kingdom, or out of the growing produce pnneipaL thereof: ' ' '

The principal money secured by every Exchequer bond issued in pursuance. Of this Act shall bq repaid out of moneys provided by.

Parliament for the, purpose. ' . .. Payment of

3. All money raised in pursuance of this Act shall be paid into money raised the Exchequer*. ' ‘ into Exche-

4 Ch. 3, 4. Exchequer Bonds (No. 1) Act, 1879. 42 Vict.

Extension of 4. Section fifteen of the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866, 29 & 30 Vict. (which section relates to the forgery of Exchequer hills,) shall forgery* &c., apply to all Exchequer 'bonds issued in pursuance of this Act in to bonds. like manner as if it were herein enacted with the substitution of Exchequer bond for Exchequer bill.

Short title. 5. This Act may be cited as the Exchequer Bonds (No. 1) Act, 1879.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to continue for Three Months the Act of the Session of the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ten, intituled " An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the " better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.".'

[21st March 1879.];

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of Number of men Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces i35°6258tin- should consist of one hundred and thirty-five thousand six hundred eluding those and twenty-five men, including those to be employed at the depots employed at ki the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training United'King- of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the dom, but numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions: exclusive of And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or serving^ y subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this India. realm by martial law, or in any other manner than* by judgment

of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces and other persons specified in the Act next herein-after mentioned in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's service, or be guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Act of the session of the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ten, inti-41 & 42 Vict. tuled " An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the c‘10, " better payment of the army and their quarters," will be in force

only in Great Britain until the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, and elsewhere until the several dates in the said Act mentioned.

And whereas a Bill has been introduced into Parliament to amend the law relating to the discipline and regulation of the army, and it is expedient to continue the above-mentioned Act until other pro visions can be brought into force for the government of the army.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be cited as the Mutiny Act (Temporary) Continuance Act, 1879.

2. The Act of the session of the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ten, intituled " An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the- better " payment of the army and their quarters," and any Articles of War made thereunder, shall be and continue in force within Great Britain for the period of three months beginning on the twenty-fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, and in any other place for the period of three months, beginning at the time at which the said Act would if this Act had not passed have ceased to be in force in that place.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to continue for three months the Act of the Session of the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eleven, intituled " An Act " for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine " Forces while on shore." [21st March 1879.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:$

And whereas the said forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships, or merchant ships or vessels, or ships or vessels of Her Majesty, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to 'any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining of such forces in their duty that an exact discipline be observed, and that marines who shall mutiny or stir up sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's service, or be guilty of any other crime or offence in breach of or to the prejudice of good order and discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Act of the session of the forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eleven.

Short title.

Continuance of Mutiny Act,

41 & 42 Vict. c. 10.,for three months.

6

Ch. 5,6. Ma/rim Mutiny Act (Temporary) Coni?0 Act 42 Vict, j

41 & 42 Vict. intituled " An Act for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine i

c. n. M Forces while on shore,"- will he in force only in Great Britain }

until the twenty-fifth, day of April one thousand eight hundred j and seventy-nine, inclusive, and elsewhere until the several days 1 in the said Act mentioned:

And whereas a Bill has been introduced into Parliament to amend the law relating to the discipline and regulation of the Royal Marine j Forces, and it is expedient to continue the aboyermentioned Act j until other provisions can be brought into force for the governments of the said forces;

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, J by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and J Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and i by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may he cited as the Marine Mutiny Act (Temporary) ]

Continuance Act, 1879,.

Continuance of 2. .The Act of the session of the forty-first and forty-second years A A^4i^42y the'reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eleven, intituled "An I

Vict. c. n.) for <e Act for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine ForcesJ three months. « while on shore," and any Articles of War made thereunder, shall | ' be and continue in force within Great Britain for a period of three ,-months beginning on' the twenty-fifth, day of April one thousand * eight hundred and seventy-nine, and in any other place for a period of three months beginning at the time at which the said Act would, . - if this Act had not passed, have ceased to be in force in that place. |

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to District Auditors.

[28th March 1879.]

WHEREAS the auditors rof the accounts relating to the relief 5 of the poor (in this Act referred to as district auditors) are 31 & 82 Vict. under the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868, appointed! by the

c. 122. s. 24. Local Government'Board, and are by that Act declared to be 22 Vict. o. 26. civil servants of the State within the operation of the Superannuation Act,-1859, but the remuneration and expenses of such >* auditors which are by law payable out of local rates fare - in fact, paid partly out of moneys annually provided by. Parliament, and/: partLy out of local rates; and whereas it is expedient thdt in future the whole of such remuneration and expenses should be paid out of moneys voted by Parliament, and that in lieu of the amount now so paid out Of local rates an equivalent sum should be raised by means of stamps, in manner hefein-after mentioned, add also i that further provision should be made respecting such- payment and otherwise , respecting such auditors: '

Be' it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, -. by and with the advice and consent of thd Lords Spiritual. and Temporal, and . Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,; and by the authority of the same as follows:1 Short title, - 1. This Act may be cited as the District Auditors Act, 1879.

7

1879. District Auditors Act, 1879. Cg, 6.

2. After the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight Provision as hundred and seventy-nine all payments to district auditors out of

any local .rate shall cease, and the whole of the salaries or rename- 2d out of7 ration and of the expenses of district auditors, to such amount as local rate for may be sanctioned by the Treasury, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament; and for the purpose of contributing to the amount required for the payment of such salaries, remuneration, and expenses, there shall be charged on every local authority whose accounts are audited by a district auditor a stamp duty for the use of Her Majesty according to the scale contained in the First Schedule to this Act, and such duty shall be levied by a stamp on the certificate of the auditor herein-after mentioned.

3. Where the accounts of the receipts and expenditure of a Financial local authority are audited by a district auditor, the local authority

shall prepare and submit to the district auditor at every audit (other of dis-

than an extraordinary audit held in pursuance of section six of the trict auditor. Poor Law Amendment Act, 18.66,) a financial statement in duplicate 29 & so Vict. in the prescribed form and containing the prescribed particulars; 118,8‘ 6‘

one of such duplicates shall have the stamp charged under this Act affixed thereon, and the auditor at the conclusion of the audit shall cancel that stamp/and certify on each duplicate, in the. prescribed form, the amount in words at length of the expenditure so audited and allowed, and further, that the regulations-with respect to such statement have been duly complied with, and that he has ascertained by the audit the correctness of the statement.

He shall forthwith send the duplicate so stamped and certified

by him to the Local Government Board; and in such case a return

of the receipts of expenditure comprised in such statement, need

not, unless the Local Government Board sq require, be sent to 23 & 24 Vict.

the Board in pursuance of the Local Taxation Betums Acts, 1860

w oh- f " 4Q & 41 VICT.

8nd 1877. gt

4. The Local Government Board may from time to time appoint App^ntmaf.* such number of district auditors as - they may, with the sanction and districts of the Treasury, think necessary fqr the performance of the duties of^|:rict

of auditing the accounts; which are for the time being by law aU K' subject to be. audited by district auditors, and may from time to time remove such auffitoi^fe^ - > .

The Board may from time to time assign to district auditors their duties, and the districts in which such auditors respectively 'are to, act, and may from time to time change wholly or in part such duties or . districts; and every district so assigned to a district auditor, whether originally or upon any change, shall be deemed to be an audit district within the meaning of any enactment relating to district auditors or their districts, and the auditor to whom any district is assigned shall be deemed to be the > district auditor for that district^| XL

The Board may also, with the consent of, the Treasury, appoint from time to time a person or persons^ either temporarily or otherwise, to assist a district auditor in the performance of his duties, and any person so appointed,shall, subject,to any exceptions made by the terms of his appointment, have the same powers and duties and be subject to the same obligations as the district auditor whom he is appointed to assist.

Regulations as to audit.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 76.

Stamp duties under Inland Revenue.

Failure to submit financial statement.

Definitions.

Provision for existing auditors.

Ch. 6. district Auditors Act, 1879. 42 Vicir.

The Board, with the like consent, may assign to a .person so appointed such salary or remuneration and such sum for his expenses as may seem fit, and such salary, remuneration, and expenses shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

5. Where any accounts of the receipts and expenditure of a local authority are subject by law to be audited by a district auditor, the Local Government Board may from time to time by order make, and when made revoke and vary, such regulations as seem to the Board necessary or proper respecting the audit of such accounts, including the form of keeping the accounts of the local authority and their officers, the day or days to which the accounts are to be . made up, the time within which they are to be examined by the local authority, the mode in which, if it is so prescribed, they are to be certified by the local authority or any officer of that authority, the mode of publishing the time and place of holding the audit, the persons by whom such accounts are to be produced for audit, and the mode of conducting the audit, and an order under this ' section shall be deemed to be an order within the meaning of section ninety-eight of the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834.

6. The duties charged under this Act shall be deemed to be stamp duties under the management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and all the Acts relating to stamp duties, particularly those relating to forgery, fraudulent dies, and other offences in connexion with stamp duties, shall apply accordingly; and such duties may, if the Commissioners so direct, be denoted by adhesive stamps, to be' cancelled by the auditor as provided by this Act.

7. If a local authority fail to comply with the. provisions of this Act with respect to a financial statement, such local authority, pr if a clerk to the local authority .is appointed, that clerk, and if no clerk is appointed, but there is a treasurer or other officer keeping the accounts which should be comprised in such financial statement, that treasurer or other officer shall be liable to a fine not [exceeding twenty pounds for each offence, to be recovered by action on behalf of Her Majesty in the High Court of Justice.

8. In this Act, —

The expression "local rate" means the poor rate, the general district rate, and every rate the proceeds of which are applicable to public local purposes, and which is leviable on the basis of a poundage assessment of the value of property, and includes any sum which, though obtained in the first instance by a precept, certificate, or other instrument requiring payment from some authority or officer, is or can be ultimately raised out of a rate as before defined.

The expression, "local authority" means any person or ibody of persons who receive and expend any local rate, but does not include overseers of the poor.

The expression " prescribed " means prescribed from time to time by the Local Government Board.

The expression "Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's. Treasury.:

9. The Local Government Board, with the approval of the Treasury, shall as soon as may be after the passing of this Act determine the salary or remuneration to be paid to the district

9

auditors holding office at the passing of this Act, and the amount to be allowed for their expenses, regard being had to the sums which such officers have heretofore received out of local rates, as well as out of moneys provided by Parliament, and to any change of their duties which may be made in pursuance of this Act.

10. If in the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy- Provision for nine the audit of the accounts of the receipts and expenditure of first year‘ any local authority for any period ending on some day of the month

of March has been completed before the expiration of two months after the passing of this Act, the local authority shall submit the financial statement required by this Act to the auditor within the said two months'.

11. The Acts specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are Repeal of Acts, hereby repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

Provided that —

(1.) This repeal shall not affect anything done or suffered, or any right acquired or accrued, under any enactment hereby repealed; and

(2.) Any auditor appointed in pursuance of any enactment hereby repealed shall (save as may be prescribed) have the same powers and duties and be subject to the same obligations as if such enactment had not been repealed.

12. Nothing in this Act shall prevent a district auditor from Saving of cer-recovering any sum in respect of an audit held by him prior to the fees and twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy- expenses' nine or in respect of an audit of accounts made up to some day prior

to that day, and the audit of which might have been held before the said day, or from recovering any expenses incurred, or which he may hereafter incur, in any proceedings which he is authorised or required to take or defend under the statutes in that behalf.

FIRST SCHEDULE. ' Section 2.

Scale of Stamp Duties -payable by Local Authorities.

Where the total of the expenditure comprised in the financial m. , , ,

statement is' Thc sum shall be

Under 201. . - 5s.

201, and under 50Z. - 10s.

50Z. and under 100Z. - 1Z.

100Z. and under 500Z. - _ 21.

500Z. and under 1,000Z. - £ _ 51.

1,OOOOZ. and under 2.500Z. 1 - s 1 _ _ 41.

2,500Z. and under 5,000Z. - . 51.

5,000Z. and under 10,000Z. - ' 10Z.

10,000Z. and under 20,OOOOZ. - . 1 - ' _ 15Z. ‘

20,OOOOZ. and under 50,000Z. . . - 2 20Z.

50,000Z. and under 100,000Z. - I - . 30Z.

IOOjOOOOZ. and upwards - j - 50 Z.

For the purpose of this schedule the expenditure comprised an the financial statement shall be exclusive of any sum paid to another local authority in pursuance of a precept.

10 . Qhv 6,7. District Auditors Act, 1879. 42 Vict,

tata.ii. SECOND-SCHEDULE.

Acts repealed.

A description or citation of a portion of a Statute is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first and last mentioned or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter, j Title. Extent of Repeal.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76. - The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834. Section forty-six, so far as relates to officers for the examining,- auditing, allowing, and disallowing of accounts.

7 &8 Vict. c. 101. - The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1844. Section thirty-two down to "Union therefrom." Section thirty-seven. Section forty-nine, from " being at the time the auditor of " down to "may be appointed," and from "and the salary of every such auditor " down to " board of guardians."

12 & 13 Vict. c. 103.- The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1849. Section eight.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 6. - The Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867. Section thirty-six and section thirty-seven. 1

31 & 32 Vict. c. 122.- The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868. Section twenty-four. Section twenty-five, except as regards exist-, ing auditors.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75. - The Elementary Education Act, 1870. Section sixty, from "for the audit district" .] down to " in a summary manner " at the . end of sub-section one.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. - The Public Health Act, 1875. Section two hundred and forty-seven, from "for the union " in sub-section one down to " from the place of audit ¥ at the end of sub-section two.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. - The Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) . . Act, 1878. Section nine, from " for the audit district " down, to "is situate," and from "the auditor shall receive such remuneration " j down to " in a summary manner."

CHAPTER 7,

An Act to apply certain Sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty.

[28th March 1879.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's. most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's

HH I

.11

1879. Gomolidated Fv/nd (No. 2) Act, 1879. Ch. 7, '8.

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of H being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United outoftteCon Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making soiidated Fund good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the for the service years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight of^e hundred and seventy-eight and one thousand eight hundred and March 1878 seventy-nine, the sum of three hundred and seventy-two .thousand and 1879. four hundred and thirty-eight pounds one shilling and twopence.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of being may issue put of the Consolidated Fund of the United King-: o^h^Consoli* dom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good dated Fund the supply, granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending for the service on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and

eighty, the sum of. eight millions four hundred and ninety-four March 1880. thousand one hundred and ninety-five pounds..

3. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to Power to time, on the.credit of the said sums, any sum or suras not exceed- ^bonrow117 ing in the whole the sum of eight millions eight hundred and. sixty-six thousand six hundred and thirty-three pounds one shilling

and twopence, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said sums were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account. of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part, of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, Short title. 1879.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to make further provision for the Registration of Deaths, Marriages, and Births occurring out of the United Kingdom among officers and soldiers of Her Majesty's Forces, and their families. [23d May 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and aemporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

Tndby the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Registration of Births, Deaths, Short title, and Marriages (Army) Act, 1879.

2. If Her Majesty is pleased from time to time to make regu- Transnussion lations respecting the registration of deaths and births occurring Jsterfof1" of and marriages solemnized out of the United Kingdom among officers births, deaths, and soldiers of Her Majesty's land forces and their families or any and marriages^ of them, the registers kept from time to time in pursuance of the p^u^eTfm said regulations shall, in manner provided by the regulations for the Her Majesty's

regulations.

12

Provision'as to existing documents evidencing deaths, marriages, and births among officers and spldiers of the army, and their families.

Saving as to births, deaths, and marriages in the United Kingdom. Commencement of Act.

Ch. 8,9. Registration of Birth», &c. (Army) Act, 1879. 42 Yicx

time being in force, be authenticated and transmitted to the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in England.

Where it appears from any such register that an officer or soldier whose death or marriage is entered therein, or to whose family'a person whose death, marriage, or birth is entered therein belonged, was a Scotch or Irish subject of Her Majesty, the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in England shall, as soon as may be after receiving the register, send a certified copy of so much thereof as relates to such death, marriage, or birth to the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in Scotland or Ireland, as the case may require,.

Every Registrar General of Births and Deaths to whom a register or certified copy of a register is sent, in pursuance of this section, shall cause the same to be filed and preserved in or copied in a book to be kept by him for the purpose, and to be called the Army Register Book, and such book shall be deemed to be a certified copy of the register book within the meaning of the Acts relating to the registration of births and deaths in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively.

3. Whereas, under the directions of Her Majesty, or of one of

Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Commander-in-Chief or other lawful authority, various documents, such as registers, muster-rolls, and pay lists have been kept, showing the deaths and births which have occurred and the marriages which have been solemnized among officers and soldiers of Her Majesty's land forces and their families: ,

And whereas it is expedient to make further provision respecting the said documents : Be it therefore enacted as follows:$

Where any of such documents, or any certified extracts thereof made under the direction of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secre-.. taries of State, have either before or after the passing of this Act been transmitted to the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in England, such documents or extracts shall be deemed to be in the legal custody of the said Registrar General, and shall be admissible in evidence; and a copy of any such document or extract of, or any part thereof, if purporting to be certified to be a true copy under the seal of the register office of the Registrar General, shall be admissible in evidence-of such document, extract, or part.

4. Nothing in this Act shall apply to any deaths, marriages, or births which occur in the United Kingdom, except where the same occurred before the commencement of this Act.

5. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to declare the true meaning of Section Thirty of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875. [23d May 1879.]

BE it declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in. this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1879. Friendly Societies Act (1875) Amendment. Ch. 9-11. 13

1. Section thirty of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, applies only interpretation to such friendly societies, whether registered or unregistered, and gg &339°vict

industrial assurance companies as receive contributions by means of c 60 1C \ collectors at a greater distance than ten miles from the registered office or principal place of business of the society or company.

2. This Act shall be construed as one with the Friendly Societies Act to be con-Act, 1875, and the Friendly Societies Amendment Act, 1876, and may &d39 vict. be cited together with the same as " the Friendly Societies Acts." c. 6o. and

39 & 40j Vict.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to amend the Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869. [23d May 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be cited as the Assessed Bates Act, 1879, and Short title and shall be construed as one with the Poor. Rate Assessment and g^&T^Vkit Collection Act, 1869, in this Act called the principal Act. c. 41.

2. Where by way of commission or abatement or deduction under Effect of allow-the principal Act, or purporting or assumed to be under the <*<*'dednc-principal Act, an allowance or deduction has, before the passing of q'uaiificationor this Act, been or shall hereafter be actually made, the same shall, franchise, for the purpose of every qualification or franchise depending upon rating or upon payment of rates, be deemed to have been duly made in pursuance of every or any agreement, order, notice, or proceeding necessary for the validity thereof under the principal Act, and to have been and to be an allowance or deduction which the overseers were and are empowered to make from the rate under the principal Act; and no qualification or franchise depending upon rating or upon payment of rates shall be defeated by reason of such. allowance or deduction not having been made in pursuance of an agreement in writing, order in writing, or notice in writing, or by reason of the want or insufficiency of any agreement, order, notice, or proceeding necessary, for the validity thereof under the principal Act, or by reason of any informality or defect in the making thereof; provided always, that this Act shall not relieve any overseers from any liability which they have incurred or may incur by making an allowance or deduction otherwise than in pursuance of the provisions of the principal Act, or affect any remedy for the recovery of the amount of such allowance or deduction.

CHAPTER m An Act to amend the Law of Evidence with respect to Bankers' Books. [23d May 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent ‘Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

14 Ch. 11. Bankers' Books Evidence Act, 1879. 42 Yicrp.

Short title.

Repeal of 39 & 40 Vict c. 48.

Mode of proof of entries in bankers'books.

Proof that book is a banker's book.

Verification of copy.

Case in 'which banker, &c. not compellable to produce book, &c.

Court or judge may order inspection, &c.

Costs.

Interpretation' of bank,"

" banker," and " bankers' books."

1. This Act may be cited as the Bankers' Books Evidence Act, 1879.

2. The Bankers' Books Evidence Act, 1876, shall be repealed as from the passing of this Act, but such repeal shall not affect anything which has been- done or happened before such repeal takes effect.

3. Subject to the provisions of this Act, a copy of any entry in a banker's book shall in.all legal proceedings be received as primlt facie evidence of such entry, and of the matters, transactions, and accounts therein recorded.

4. A copy of an entry in a banker's book shall not be received in evidence under this Act unless it be first proved that the book was at the time of the making of the entry one of the ordinary books of the bank, and that the entry was made in the usual and ordinary course of business, and that the book is in the custody or control of the bank.

Such proof may be given by a partner or officer of the bank, and may be given orally or by an affidavit sworn before any commissioner or person authorised to take affidavits.

5. A copy of an entry in a banker's book shall not be received in evidence under this Act unless it be further proved that the copy has been examined with the original entry and. is correct.

Such proof shall be given by some person who has examined the copy with the original entry, and may be given either orally or by an affidavit sworn before any commissioner or person authorised to take affidavits.

6. A banker or officer of a bank shall not, in any legal proceeding to which the bank is not a party, be compellable to produce any banker's book the contents of which can be proved under this Act, or to appear as a witness to prove the matters, transactions, and accounts therein recorded, unless by order of a judge made for* special cause.

7. On the application of any party to a legal proceeding a court or judge may order that such party be at liberty to inspect and take copies of any entries in a banker's book for any of the purposes of such proceedings. An order under this section may be made either with or without summoning the bank or any other party, and shall be served on the bank three clear days before the' same is to be obeyed, unless the court or judge otherwise directs.,

8. The costs of any application to a court or judge under or for the purposes of this Act, and the costs of anything done or to be done under an order of a court or judge made under or for the purposes of this Act shall be in the . discretion of the court or judge, who may order the same or any part thereof to be paid to any party .by the bank, where the same have been occasioned by any default or delay on the part of the bank. Any such order against a bank may be enforced as if the bank was a party to the proceeding.

9. In this Act the expressions "bank" and "banker" mean any person, persons, partnership, or company carrying on the business of bankers and having duly made a return to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and also any savings bank certified under the Acts relating to savings banks, and also any post office savings bank.

15

*879. Bankers Books Evidence Act, 1879. Ch. 11,12.

The fact of any such bank having duly made a return to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may be proved in any legal proceeding by production of a copy of its return verified by the affidavit of a partner or officer of the bank, or by the production of a copy of a newspaper purporting to contain a copy of such return published by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue; the fact that any such savings-bank is certified under the Acts relating to savings banks may be proved by an office or examined copy of its certificate; the. fact that any such bank is a post office savings bank may be proved by a certificate purporting to be under the hand of Her Majesty's Postmaster-General or one of the secretaries of the Post Office.

Expressions in this Act relating to "bankers' books" include ledgers, day books, cash books, account books, and all other books used in the ordinary business of the bank.

10. In this Act — ,

The expression " legal proceeding " means any civil or criminal 41011

proceeding or inquiry in which evidence is or may be given, proceeding;" and includes an arbitration; " court,"

The expression "the court "means the court, judge, arbitrator, "Judge-persons or person before whom a legal proceeding is held or taken;

The expression " a judge " means with respect to England a judge of the High Court of Justice, and with respect to Scotland a lord ordinary of the Outer House of the Court of Session, and with respect to Ireland a judge of the High Court of Justice in Ireland;

The judge of a county court may with respect to any action in such court exercise the powers of a judge under this Act.

11. Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, and any bank holiday Computation shall be excluded from the computation of time under this Act. of time-

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876. [23d May 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The provisions contained in the twenty-third section of the The provisions Divided Parishes and\Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, shall not ofs. 23. of apply to any moneys which a pauper or pauper lunatic having a 40 Vict* wife or other relative dependent upon him for maintenance may not to apply be entitled to receive as a metnber of any friendly or benefit society, to

but such moneys shall, subject to any deductions for keeping up or paUperaup his membership required by the rules of such society, or any branch lunatic may be thereof, from which such pauper or pauper lunatic is entitled to ^dra0sfa receive such moneys, be paid or applied by the trustees, committee, friendly 0r or other officers of such society or branch to or for the maintenance benefit society, of such wife or relative; and where a pauper or pauper lunatic

16

Ch. 12-14.. Poor Law Amendment Act, 1879. 42 Vict.

having no wife or relative so dependent upon him is entitled to any such moneys, no claim shall be made under the said Act by the guardians of any union or parish upon any such society of which he is a member, or against any branch thereof, for the expenses incurred in his relief, unless and until the guardians or their relieving officer shall have declared the relief to be given on loan, and shall have, within thirty days thereof, notified the same in writing to the secretary of trustees of the society or branch of which the pauper or pauper lunatic is a member, and as such entitled to receive any payment. *

Short title. 2. This Act may be cited as the Poor Law Amendment Act,

1879.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Act thirty-third and thirty-fourth Victoria, chapter forty-two, for the abolition of Petty Customs. [23d'May 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem- poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Proviso to 1. So much of section four of the thirty-third and thirty-fourth

38C&°344vft years of the reign of Her pi'esent Majesty, chapter forty-two, as c. 42. repealed, provides that, " Provided that such rate shall not be levied or " leviable beyond the boundaries of any burgh within which such " petty customs have heretofore been levied," is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to apply the sum of Six million six hundred and ninety-four thousand eight hundred and sixteen pounds out of the Consolidated Pund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty.

[27th May 1879.]

Issue of 6,694,816l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1880.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent [of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by. the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight

17

1879. Consolidated Fwid (No. 3) Act, 1879. Ch. 14, 15.

hundred and eighty the sum of six million six hundred and ninety-four thousand eight hundred and sixteen pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to Power to the time on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding ^ury to in the whole the sum of six million six hundred and ninety-four thousand eight hundred and sixteen pounds, and shall repay the

moneys so borrowed with interest not exceeding five per cent, per annum out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available. '

3. This A.ct may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, Short title.

1879..

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867.

[27th May 1879.]

WHEREAS by the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, provision 30 & 31 vict..

is made by section seventy-six for the formation of special c. 101. drainage districts, and also by section eighty-nine for the formation of special water supply districts in certain burghs and parishes therein specified:

And whereas it has been found that a change of circumstances sometimes renders it.expedient that the boundaries of such special drainage districts and special water supply districts should be altered, either by extending or limiting the said boundaries or by combining two or more such districts or portions thereof, but the recited Act contains no provision whereby such alteration can be effected:

And whereas it is expedient' that such provision should now be made, and that the provisions of the said recited Act should be made applicable to the districts so altered:$

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Public Health short title. (Scotland) Act, 1867, Amendment Act, 1879, and the recited Act and this Act shall be read and construed together.

2. From and after the passing of this Act, where there shall exist Special-within the district Of any local authority to which the provisions of drai?®*e the seventy-sixth and eighty-ninth sections of the recited Act supply districts respectively apply a special drainage district or a special water may be altered supply district, as the case may be, it shall be competent to such or combined-local authority, upon requisition as herein-after provided, to meet and consider the propriety of altering the boundaries of any such special drainage district or special water-supply district, and to resolve upon such alteration of boundaries being effected either by

18

Ch. Id, 16. Public Health (S.) Act, 1867, Amendt Act, 1879. 42 Vict.

enlarging or limiting the said boundaries, or by combining two or more such special water supply districts or special drainage districts or portions thereof.

Local authority 3. The local authority shall not be entitled to meet for the purpose to act on re- of considering the propriety of any such proposed alteration of habitants.0*1"1 boundaries or combination of two or more special water supply or special drainage districts, except after receiving a requisition to that effect, made in writing and signed by at least ten of the inhabitants of the district of the local authority in terms of section . seventy-six or section eighty-nine of the recited Act, as the case may be; but upon receiving such a requisition it shall be bound to meet for said purpose, and twenty-one clear days notice of the meeting shall be given to the members of the local authority.

Decision of 4. In the event of the local authority resolving upon any such local authority alteration of boundaries or combination as aforesaid as is hereby review.10 authorised its resolution shall be advertised, and shall be subject to appeal and review in like manner as is provided by sections seventy-six and eighty-nine of- the recited Act in regard to advertising and appealing against resolutions as to the formation of special drainage districts and special water supply districts under that Act.

Application of The whole provisions of the recited Act applicable to special

(ScotlaM)SAct/ drainage districts and special water supply districts shall be applicable 1867. mutatis mutandis to such districts when altered or combined under

this Act.

Application of 6. The provisions of this Act shall apply to all special drainage x 18 Act* districts and special water supply districts, whether formed before or after the passing of this Act, or altered or combined under the powers conferred by this Act.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. 125.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 51.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to provide for the winding up of the West Indian 'Relief Commission, and for the remission of certain Sums remaining unpaid in respect of Loans by the said Commission. [3d July 1879.]

WHEREAS by the West India Loan Act, 1882, in consideration of the heavy losses which had been sustained in the island

of Jamaica in consequence of insurrection and in the islands of Barbadoes, St. Yincent, and St. Lucia in consequence of hurricanes, certain sums were authorised to be raised and issued to the Commissioners under that Act (in this Act referred to as the West India Relief Commissioners) to be by them .advanced for the assistance and accommodation of the said islands and of persons having properties therein, on due security being given for the repayment of the advances:

And whereas in consideration of the losses sustained in the island of Dominica in. consequence of hurricanes, the provisions of the West India Loan Act, 1832, were extended to the island of Dominica by the Dominica Loan Act, 1835:$

And whereas in .pursuance of the above Acts the sums mentioned in the second column of the first Schedule to this Act were advanced

19

1879. West India Loam, Act, 1879. Ch. 16.

on the security of the revenues and public property of the islands of Jamaica and Dominica respectively and to private persons having properties in those islands and in the islands of Barbadoes, St.

Vincent, and St. Lucia on the security of sunh properties, and were to Jbe repaid in ten years with interest at four per centum per annum:

And whereas in pursuance, of the West India Loan Acts, 1840, | Vict. c. 40. 1844, 1845, and 1848, the time for the repayment of the said loans 8 & 9 vict‘ c.' so.' was extended, and in pursuance of the West India Loan Act, 1856, the West India Relief Commissioners, with the consent of the Com- c. 35. missioners of Hen- Majesty's Treasury (in this Act referred to as the Treasury), granted a further extension of time of twenty years:$

And whereas in pursuance of the Dominica Loan Acts, 1860 and 23 & 24 Vict. 1867, certain annuities were accepted by the West India Relief g05^*31 vict Commissioners under the direction of the Treasury in liquidation of c. 91. the remainder of the advances made on the security of the revenues and public property of the island of Dominica, and the last instalment of such annuity will fall due on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty:

And whereas in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, in consideration of the financial difficulties of the island. of Jamaica and with the view of promoting its good and quiet government, it was agreed on the part of the Treasury that the said advances made on the security of the revenues and public property of the island, and the interest thereon, should be commuted for a perpetual annuity of six thousand four hundred pounds, payable annually out of the revenues of the island, and the Jamaica Loan 25 & 26 Vict. Act, .1862, sanctioned that agreement, and appropriated the said « 55. annuity to the payment of such expenses of the government of the said island, and the objects connected therewith,.and of the local improvements therein, as the Governor of the said island might from time to time direct, in pursuance of instructions from one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and it was provided by the said Act that in the event of the conditions of the Act not being complied with, nothing should prejudice the right of the.

Imperial Government to recover the debt so due from the island of Jamaica: 1

And whereas the principal of the advances to private persons having properties in the island of Barbadoes and the interest thereon have, with the exception of sums amounting in the aggregate to four hundred and sixty-one pounds ten shillings and elevenpence, as mentioned in the sixth column of the first schedule to this Act, been repaid, and it is anticipated that those excepted sums will shortly be repaid:

And whereas the advances to private persons having properties in the islands of Jamaica, St. Vincent, St. Lucia, and Dominica, have not been repaid in full, and the West India Relief Commissioners, in pursuance of the West India Loan Acts, have in some cases sold the properties on the security of which the advances were made, or have, with the consent of the Treasury, compounded for the sums due; and the principal of the said advances which remains unpaid amounts in the aggregate to the sum mentioned in the fifth column

20

Ch. 16. West India Loan Act, 1879. 42 &6 43 Vict.

of the first schedule to this Act, and that sum with the. interest thereon is now irrecoverable:

And whereas in the course of the above transactions with private persons certain sums, of small amount, have remained in the hands of the West India Relief Commissioners, and have not been claimed by the persons entitled thereto:$

And whereas it is expedient to provide for closing the accounts of the West India Relief Commissioners and determining the Commission:$

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

.Short title. 1, This Act may be cited as the West India Loan Act, 1879.

The Acts mentioned in the first part of the second schedule to this Act are in this Act referred to as the West India Loan Acts, and each of them is in this Act referred to as the West India 23 & 24 Vict koan Act of the year in which it was passed.

c. 57. The Acts mentioned in the second part of the said schedule are

so & 31 Vict. in this Act referred to as the Dominica Loan Acts, 1860 and 1867. * , ,r. The Act mentioned in the third part of the said schedule is in

25 §5 26 Vict -r .

c. 55. this Act referred to as the Jamaica Loan Act, 1862.

Remission of 2. The principal of all sums remaining due in respect of the irrecoverable advances made in pursuance of the above-recited Acts to private balances., personshaving properties in th& islands of Jamaica, St. Vincent, St. Lucia, and Dominica, and all arrears of interest On such advances, shall aftev the passing of this Act be extinguished, and shall be considered as a free grant from Parliament.

Transfer of 3> At any time after the passing of this Act the Treasury may Public Works by notice in the London Gazette declare that it is expedient that Loan Commis- the Public Works Loan Commissioners for the time being shall be sionerg. the Commissioners for the execution of the West India Loan Acts, and upon the publication of such declaration all the powers of the West India Relief Commissioners shall vest in the Public Works Loan Commissioners for the time being, and the latter Commis-i sioners shall be deemed to be the Commissioners referred to in the West India Loan Acts and the other Acts above mentioned. Determination 4. From and after the thirty-first of December one thousand Loan Commis- eight hundred and eighty it shall be lawful for the Treasury at sion, and repeal any time by notice in the London Gazette to declare that the of Acts. powers of' the West India Relief Commissioners are determined;

and upon the publication of such declaration the powers of the said Commissioners, whether vested in the Public Works Loan Commissioners or otherwise, shall determine; and the Acts mentioned in the first and second parts of the second schedule to this Act shall be repealed as from the date of the said publication, without prejudice to anything previously done or suffered in pursuance of those Acts.' '

daime^sumg1" sums in the hands of the West India Relief Commis-

sioners which are due to private persons and have not been claimed shall, on the determination of the powers of the West India Relief Commissioners, be paid into the Exchequer, and if the person

21

1879. West India Loom Act, 1879. Ch. 16.

entitled to any such sum claims the same after the passing of this Act, the Public Works Loan Commissioners shall certify to the Treasury the sum and the name of the person entitled, and the Treasury shall cause the same to be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to the person named in the certificate.

SCHEDULES. FIRST SCHEDULE.

i. 2. Advanced. 3. Principal repaid upto3ist March 1879. 4. Converted into Annuity for Benefit of Island. 6? Principal unpaid on 31st March 1879 and irrecoverable. 6 Principal unpaid on 31st March 1879 to be recovered.

I. Jamaica: £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

(1.) Loan on credit of public revenue 200,000 0 0 40,011 4 10 159,988 15 2 Nil.

(2.) Loans to private persons having- property, &c. 244,100 0 0 85,343 18 6 * 158,7.56 1 6 Nil.

II. Barbadoes: Loans to private persons having property 303,550 0 0 303,088 9 if 461 10 11

III. St. Vincent: Loans to private persons having property 104,750 0 0 61,011 17 10 43,738 2 2 Nil.

IV. St. Lucia: Loans to private persons . having property 18,800 0 0-, 16,305 10 7 2,494 9 5 ' Nil.

V. Dominica: (1.) Loan oiijcredit of public revenue and public property - 10,000 0 0 8,472 8 7 1,527 11 5

(2.) Loans to private persons having property 66,950 0 0 5,070 1 8 I 61,879 18 4 Nil.

Total - £948,150 0 0 519,303 11 I' 159,988 15 2 266,868 11 -5 1,989 2 4

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Pakt I.

West India Loan Acts/

Session and Chapter. . Title. . '

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 125. - An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited amount for the purposes and in the manner therein mentioned, and for giving relief to Trinidad, British Guiana, and St. Lucie.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 40. - _ An Act to amend two Acts of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for the relief of certain of Her Majesty's colonies and plantations in the West ,Indies,

22 Ch. 16 17. West India Loan Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict,

Session and Chapter. Title.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 17. ~ 8 & 9 Vict. c. 50. 11 & 12 Vict. c. 38. - 19 & 20 Vict. c. 35. - ' An Act for giving additional powers to the Commissioners for the relief of certain of Her Majesty's colonies and plantations in the West Indies. Ait. Act to facilitate the recovery of loans made by the West India Relief Commissioners. , An Act to authorise the West India Relief Commissioners to grant further time for the repayment of monies advanced by them in certain cases. An Act to authorise the West India Relief Commissioners to grant further time for the repayment of monies advanced by them in certain cases.

Part II.

Dominica Loan Acts.

Session and Chapter. Title.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 51. - 23 & 24 Vict. c. 57. -30 & 31 Vict. c. 91.. - An Act for granting relief to the island of Dominica; and to amend an Act of the second and third years of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to direct the issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited amount for the purposes therein mentioned. An Act to authorise an extension of the time for repayment of a loan made by the West India Relief Commissioners to the island of Dominica. The Dominica Loan Act, 1867.

Part III.

Jamaica Loan Act.

Session and Chapter. Title.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 55. - An Act for the settlement of a loan due from the island of Jamaica to the Imperial Government.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the House of Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1847. ~ [3d July 1879.]

io & ii Vict.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the provisions of the House of

c*69- Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1847, should be extended and

made applicable to other cases than those mentioned in the said Act:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows foTu Vict. 1* All the powers and. provisions of the above-recited Act shall c. 69. extended extend and apply to the costs, charges, and expenses of any parlia-

1879. House of Commons Costs Taxation Ad, 1879. Ch.17,18. 23

mentary agent, solicitor, or other person in respect to the obtain- to provisional ing or promotion of or opposition to any provisional order or pro- caset visional certificate, or any Bill for confirming the same; and in respect to the promotion of any Bill by any public trustees or commissioners, or by any municipal or other public authority, and in respect to the opposition to any public and general Bill.

2. In case .the. taxing officer of the House of Commons shall be Taxing officer requested by one of Her Majesty's Principal. Secretaries of State commoSns°to or. by the Local Government Board to tax and settle, or to assist tax costs of in taxing and settling, any costs, charges, or expenses incurred in orders and Bills respect of any Bill, or in respect of any provisional order or provi- ^m^r^er ' sional certificate, such taxing officer shall thereupon proceed to authority, tax and settle the same, and shall return the same with his opinion

thereon to the Secretary of State or to the Local Government

Board, as the case may be. Fees under this

3. The said taxing officer shall have the same powers and may tcTitere-receive the like fees in respect of any taxation by him under ceived as this Act, as in the case of any taxation under the Act first above

-| lU o0 JL X V lCl.

recited. c. 69.

4. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the House of gjj0rt t;tie-Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1879.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act for the Licensing of Metropolitan Suburban Racecourses. [3d July 1879.]

WHEREAS the frequency of horse-races in the immediate vicinity of the metropolis is productive of much mischief and inconvenience, and the holding of such races in thickly populated places near the metropolis is calculated to cause, and does in fact cause, annoyance and injury to persons resident near to the places where such races are held:$

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. A horse-race within the meaning of this Act shall mean any Definitions, race in which any horse, mare, or gelding shall run or be made to run in competition with any other horse, mare, or gelding, or against time, for any prize of what nature or kind soever, or for any bet or wager made or to be made in respect of any such horse, mare, or gelding, or the riders thereof, and at which more than twenty persons shall be present.

2. From and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand Horse-races eight hundred and eighty it shall not be lawful that any horse-race be held or take place on any pretext whatsoever within London unless a radius of ten miles from Charing Cross in the City of West- licensed, minster, unless in a place for. which a license for horse-racing has been obtained pursuant to the provisions herein-after contained.

3. Any person desirous of obtaining a license for horse-racing Power to for any open or enclosed land or place, being the owner, lessee, or occupier of such land or place, may apply to the justices assembled Michaelmas

24

quarter

sessions.

Mode of making application for license.

Penalty on persons taking part in unlicensed horseraces

Penalty on owners and occupiers of ground where unlicensed horse-races take place.

Unlicensed horse-races to be deemed a nuisance, and liable accordingly.

Short title.

Short title. Commencement of Act.

Ch. 18,19. * Racecourses Licensing Act, 1879. 42& 43 Vict.

at any Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the county, city, riding, liberty, or division in which such land or place is situate, which justices are hereby empowered to grant or withhold a license at their discretion, such license to be of force and valid for twelve months dating from the twenty-fifth day of March next following the date of such application.

4. Every such application shall be made to the justices in the same manner as applications for licenses for places to be kept for public dancing, music, or other entertainment under the provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth year of His late Majesty King George the Second.

5. Any person who after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty shall take part in any horserace in any open or enclosed land or place for which a license is required under this Act, and for which a license has not been obtained, shall upon summary conviction be liable to a penalty of ten pounds, or an imprisonment not exceeding two months,

6. Any person who shall be the owner or lessee or in possession or occupation of any open or enclosed land or place for which a license for horse-rracing is required under this Act, and upon which any horse-race shall be held after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty without such license having been obtained, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be punishable for every such offence with fine or imprisonment at the discretion of the court, such fine not to be less than five pounds nor more than twenty-five pounds, and such imprisonment not to be less than one month nor more than three months.

7. Every horse-race held or taking place in,contravention of the provisions of this Act shall be deemed to be a nuisance, and any person injured or inconvenienced thereby shall have all such rights and remedies against all persons taking part in the same, and against owners, lessees, and occupiers of the land or place, as he

. would have in case of a nuisance at common law.

8. This Act may be cited as the Racecourses Licensing Act, 1879.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to facilitate the control and cure of Habitual Drunkards. [3d July 1879.] |

WHEREAS it is desirable to facilitate the control and cure of Habitual Drunkards:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and. Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, as follows:$

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

2. This, Act shall commence and come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty, and

25

1879. Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879. Ch. 19.

shall be in force until the. expiration of ten years from the passing thereof and to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

3. In this Act — . Interpretation.

The expression " Secretary of State " means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

The expression " summary conviction " means conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction.

The expression " Summary Jurisdiction Acts " means —

(1.) As regards England, the Act of the session of the eleventh li & l2» Vict. and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, 43 chapter forty-three, intituled " An Act to facilitate the " performance of the duties of justices of the peace out " of sessions within England and Wales with respect " to summary convictions and orders," and any Act amending the same; and (2.) As regards Scotland, the Summary Procedure Act-,. 1864; 27 & 28 Vict.

and . c. 53.

(3.) As regards Ireland, with reference to any matter or proceeding in the police district of Dublin metropolis, the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace, for or the police of such district, and with reference to any matter or proceeding elsewhere in Ireland, the Petty u & 15 Vict. Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and the Acts amending the <*. 93-same.

The expression " court of summary jurisdiction means —

(a.) As regards England and Ireland, any justice or justices of the peace to whom jurisdiction is given by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts; provided that the court when hearing and determining an information or complaint under this Act shall be constituted either of two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions sitting at some place appointed for holding petty sessions, or of some magistrate or officer sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice, and for the time being empowered by law to do alone any act authorised to be done by more than one justice; and (b) As regards Scotland, the sheriff or his substitute.

" Justice " means a justice or justices of the peace, metropolitan police magistrate, stipendiary or. other magistrate by whatever name called, having jurisdiction under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts in the place where the matter requiring the cognizance of a justice arises..

A retreat " means a house licensed by the licensing authority named by this Act, for the reception, control, care, and curative treatment of habitual drunkards.

" Habitual drunkard " means a person who, not being amenable to any jurisdiction in lunacy, is notwithstanding, by reason of habitual intemperate drinking of intoxicating liquor, at times dangerous to himself or1 herself or to others, or incapable of managing himself or herself, and his or her affairs.

.4. The Schedules to this Act, with the notes and directions Incorporation .therein, shall have effect as part of this Act; and the Rules contained ^ormsMid in those Schedules and the Forms therein given, or Forms to the Rules therein.

26

Local authority and clerk of local authority.

Establishment of retreats.

To whom license not to be given.

Power of local authority to transfer license.

fiemoval of -habitual drunkard from unfit habitation.

Notice of such removal.

Persons may be admitted to retreats on their Own application.

Ch. 19. Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vic®!

like effect, shall be observed, with such , variations as circumstance require* by the persons, for the purposes, and in the manner therein indicated; but no instrument made in execution or intended execution of this Act shall be invalidated for defect in form only, (j

5. The several bodies and officers mentioned in the second and third columns respectively of the First Schedule to this Act shall be the local authority and clerk of the local authority respective!! under this Act, in reference to the several corresponding districts mentioned in the first column of the said Schedule.

Retreats.

6. The local authority may, subject to any conditions which sudd local authority shall deem fit, grant to any person, or to two or mors persons jointly, a license for any period not exceeding thirteen months to keep a retreat; and may, from time to time, revoke Ml renew such license. The application for such license shall be in the] Form No. 1 in the Second Schedule hereto, or to the like effect! The license shall, be in the Form No. 2 in the same Schedule, or tfj the like effect. One at least of the persons to whom a license 19 granted shall reside in the retreat and be responsible for its manage! ment. A duly qualified medical man shall be employed as medical attendant of such retreat, provided that when the name of the licensee shall be on the Medical Register he may himself act as suchj medical attendant.

7. No license shall he given to any person who is licensed ji keep a house for the reception, of lpnatics.

8. If the licensee of any retreatbecomes incapable, from sicknesa or otherwise, of keeping such retreat, dies, or becomes bankrupt, Jfl has his affairs liquidated by arrangement, or becomes .mentalM incapable or otherwise disabled, the local authority, by Writing unde® their hands, indorsed on the license, may transfer the licens! to another person, if the'local authority, in its discretion, shall think fit.

9. If any retreat becomes unfit for the habitation of the person! detained therein under this Act, or otherwise unsuitable for ill purpose, the local authority or the Inspector of Ketreats appoint©! tinder this Act shall order their discharge from;such 'retreat.-bn a day to. be mentioned in the order. Such order shall be-jsigned h|| the clerk of the local authority or by the inspector, as the case* maybe.

The licensee of the retreat from which such persons or person ai9 to be so. removed shallyvwith all practicable speed, send by post j| copy of such order to the;.person by whom the last payment fori each person so to ,be removed. from the retreat was made, or one a! least of the persons who signed the statutory declaration unde® ..section ten of this Act..

10. Any habitual drunkard desirous of; beingj admitted into .! (retreat may make application in writing to the licensee! of a retread for admissioirinto stick -retreat, and such application shall be. in the| Form No. 3 in the Second Schedule hereto,Nand shall state the time; during which such applicant undertakes to remain in such retreat j Such application shall be accompanied by the statutory declaration

27

1879. Habitual Drwtikarrds Ad, 1879. Ch. 19.

of two persons to the . effect that the applicant is an habitual drunkard within the meaning of this Act.

The signature of the applicant to. such application shall be attested by two justices of the peace, and such justices shall not attest the signature unless they have. satisfied themselves that the applicant is an habitual drunkard within the meaning of this Act, and have explained to him the effect of his application for admission into a retreat and his reception therein, add such justices shall state in writing, and as a part of such attestation, that the applicant understood the effect of his application for admission and his f reception into the retreat.

Such applicant, after his admission and reception into such retreat, unless discharged or'authorised by license as herein-after provided, shall not be entitled to leave such retreat till the expiration of the term mentioned in his application, and such applicant may be detained therein till the expiration of such term; provided that such [ term shall not exceed the period of twelve calendar months. I

11. Every licensee of a retreat under this Act shallj within two dear days after the reception of any person received therein- under this Act, send a copy of the application of such person for admission under which such person is so received by any such licensee, to the clerk of the local authority and to the Secretary of State.

12. Any person admitted/into any retreat under this Act may,

, at any time thereafter, be discharged by the order of a justice, upon r the request in writing ‘of the licensee of the retreat, 'if it shall £ appear to such justice to be reasonable and proper.

Impedion of Retreats.

13. The Secretary of State may- from time to time appoint such [ person as he shall think fit, who may hold office during his pleasure,

and shall be styled * the; Inspector of Retreats/5 .

The Secretary of State may also, if it appears to him and to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's. Treasury necessary for the due I execution*.of this Act, from; time .to time appoint a fit person as r V Assistant ‘Inspector of Retreats,^, who. shall also hold j office during [ his.pleasure, and, every person so appointed shall have; such of the I 'Jpc^rers.-antl duties of the Inspector of Retreats as the Secretary of State may from time to time prescribe.

,.,^ej:Secretary of; State may assign to the Inspector of Retreats j; axi^wtxeatft such salaries or remuneration and allowances as he may,with the consent of the Commissioners | of Her Majesty's Treasury, think proper:.; the: said salaries, remune-l, ration, and allowances, and the expenses of the Inspectors of Retreats, [ and Assistant Inspectors of'Retreats, hi carrying out the provisions [ of Act,}t0:such amount as isiffilowed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be paid out of moneys provided, by Parliament, in that behalf.

j 14. Every license granted in pursuance of this Act. shall he subject t toa duty, and be impressed with a stamp offive pounds, and ten I shillings for every patient above ten whom it is intended to admit I into the retreat, and. every renewal of a license shaft be impressed; with a stamp of the same amount. The said sums shaft be deemed

Licensees of retreats to send notice of reception.

Power of discharge.

Inspector and Assistant Inspector of Retreats may be appointed by the Secretary of State.

License to bear stamp. Fees to be accounted for to local authority.

28

Ch. 19. Habitutil Drunkards Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict

to be stamp duties and be under the management of the Commit sinners of Inland Revenue; and all enactments for the time beW in force relating to stamp duties and to dies, plates, and foM implements provided for the purpose of stamp duties, including a]j enactments relating to forgery and frauds relating to stamp duties shall apply accordingly. All expense, incurred by the local authority in connexion with any application for the granting, renewing, ot transferring of such license shall be borne by the applicant, together with the stamp and fee for the license; and.all fees for licenses and for searches, if any, under this Act, shall be paid over to the clerk for the local authority, inspection of 15. Every retreat shall, from time to time, and at least twice in each year, be inspected by the Inspector or Assistant Inspector of Retreats. The Secretary of State may at any time, on the recoin, mendation of the Inspector or Assistant Inspector of Retreats, or ii his own discretion, order the discharge of any person detained in any retreat.

Annual return qg. The Inspector of Retreats shall, in the month of January in y spec or. eack year^ present to the Secretary of State a general report setting forth the situation of each retreat, the names of the licensees, and the number of habitual drunkards who have been admitted and discharged or who have died during the past year, with such observations as he shall think fit as to the results of treatment and the condition of the retreats. The Secretary of State shall lay such report, together with the rules, before Parliament.

Rules as to 17. The Secretary of State may from time to time make rules for oTre^eateDt the management of a retreat, and may from time to time cancel or alter such rules.

Any person who contravenes or fails to comply with any of such rules for the management of a retreat shall be deemed to be guilty of an offence against this Act.

A printed copy of rules purporting to be the rules of a retreat,

signed by the Inspector or Assistant Inspector of Retreats, shall be

evidence of such rules of the retreat.-

Judge of High 18. A Judge of the High Court of Justice, on an application el

Court of Jus- parke at chambers, or a County Court Judge, within whose district tice, &c. may * ....

make orders the retreat is situated, may at any time, by order under his hand,

to inspect. authorise and direct any person or persons to visit and examine a

person detained in a retreat under, this Act, and to inquire into and'

report on any matters which, such judge may think fit in relation!

to the person so detained. The judge, on receiving such report

may, if he shall think fit, order the discharge of any person so

detained from any such retreat.

Leave of A bsence from Retreat.

Permission that 19. A Justice of the Peace, at the request*of a licensee of a retreat

maS°resideine<3 lift a^ aiiy time after the admission into a retreat of an habitual o'utfofwtreat. drunkard, by license under his hand permit such habitual drunkard to live with any trustworthy and respectable person named in th* license willing to receive and take charge of him for a definite ti®( for the benefit of his health.

Such a license shall not be in force for more than two months but may at any time before the expiration of that period be renew

29

J 879. Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879. Ch. 19.

for a further period not exceeding two months, and so from time to time until the habitual drunkard's period of detention has expired.

20. The time during which an habitual drunkard is absent from Absence to be a retreat under such a license shall, except where the license is

forfeited or revoked as herein-after provided, be deemed to be part, tention. of the time of his detention in such retreat. Where such license is forfeited or revoked, the time during which such habitual drunkard was so absent from the retreat shall be excluded in computing the time during which he may be detained in the retreat.

21. An habitual drunkard absent from a retreat under such a Habitual license, who escapes from the person in whose charge he is placed as ^eiUeave^ aforesaid, or who refuses to be restrained from drinking intoxicating of absence, liquors, shall be considered ipso facto to have forfeited the license,

and may be taken back to the retreat as herein-after provided. An unauthorised absence from a retreat of a person ordered to be detained therein shall not be excluded in computing the time during which he may be detained.

22. Any such license may be revoked at any time by the Revocation Secretary of State on the recommendation of the Inspector or °* of Assistant Inspector of Retreats, or by the Justice of the Peace by

whom such license may have been granted, by writing under his hand, and thereupon the habitual drunkard to whom the license related shall return to the retreat.

Offences.

23. If any licensee of any retreat knowingly and wilfully fails Offences by

to comply with the provisions of this Act, or neglects or permits of

to be neglected any habitual drunkard placed in the retreat in

respect of which he is licensed, or does anything in contravention of the provisions of this Act, he Shall be deemed guilty of an offence against this Act.

24. If any person does any of the following things, — Offences by

(1.) Ill-treats, or, being an officer, servant, or other person em- ^tTanT"

ployed in or about a retreat, wilfully neglects, any habitual other'persons, drunkard detained in a retreat;

(2.) Induces or knowingly assists an habitual drunkard detained in a retreat to escape therefrom ;

(3.) Without the authority of the licensee or the medical officer of the retreat (proof whereof shall lie on him) brings into any. retreat, or, without the authority of the medical officer of the retreat, except in case of urgent necessity, gives or supplies to any person detained therein, any intoxicating liquor, or sedative narcotic, or stimulant drug or preparation,

he shall be deemed guilty of an offence against this Act.

25. If an habitual drunkard, while detained in a retreat, wilfully Offences by neglects or wilfully refuses to conform to the rules thereof, he shall drunkards be deemed guilty of an offence against this Act, and shall be liable while detained upon summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding five pounds, in retreats, or, at the discretion of the court, to be imprisoned for any period

not exceeding seven days, and at the expiration- of his imprisonment (if any) for such offence he shall be brought back to such retreat, there to be detained for curative treatment until the expiration of

Apprehension of habitual drunkard escaping from retreat.

Proceedings on death of person detained.

Penalty for neglect or omission.

Penalty for offence against Act.

Summary

Jurisdiction

Acts.

Appeals.

Ch. 19. Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict,

his prescribed period of detention in the retreat, and in reckoning such period the time during which such person was in prison shall be excluded from computation.

26. If an habitual drunkard escapes from a retreat, or from the person in whose charge he has been placed under license as herein, before mentioned, it shall be lawful for any justice or magistrate having jurisdiction in the place or district where he is found, or in the place or district where the retreat from which he escaped j| situate, upon the sworn information of the licensee of such retreat* to issue a warrant for the apprehension of such habitual drunkard at any time before the expiration of his prescribed period of deten* tion; and such habitual drunkard shall, after apprehension, be brought before a justice or magistrate, and may, if such justice or magistrate should so order, be remitted to the retreat from which he had so escaped.

27. In case of the death of any person detained in any retreat a statement of the. cause of the death of such person, with the name of any person present at the- death, shall be drawn up and signed by the' principal medical attendant of such retreat, and copies thereof, duly certified, in writing by the licensee of such retreat shall be by him transmitted to the coroner and to the registrar of deaths for the district, and to the clerk of the local authority, and to the person by whom the last payment was made for the deceased, or one at least of the persons who signed the statutory declaration under section ten of this Act.

Every medical attendant who shall neglect or omit to draw up and sign such statement as aforesaid, and every licensee of a retreat who shall neglect or omit to certify and transmit such statement as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of an offence against this Act. 1

28. Any person, not being an habitual drunkard detained in a retreat, who is guilty of an offence against this Act to which no other penalty is affixed, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, or, at the discretion of the Court, to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding three months with or without hard labour.

29. The Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall apply to all offences in respect of which jurisdiction is given to any court of summary jurisdiction by this Act, or which are directed to be prosecuted, enforced, or made before a court of summary jurisdiction, or in a summary manner, or upon summary conviction.

30. In England, if any person thinks himself aggrieved by any conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction, he may appeal therefrom, subject to the conditions and regulations following:

(1.) The appeal shall be made to .the next court of general or quarter sessions for the county, borough, or place in wind1 the cause of appeal. has arisen, held not less than fifteen days and (unless adjourned by the court) not more than four months after the conviction or order appealed from |

(2.) The appellant shall, within seven days after the cause of appeal has arisen, give notice to the other party and to the clerk of the court of summary jurisdiction appealed from of his intention to appeal and of the ground thereof:

(3.) The appellant shall, within three days after such notice, ent^ into. a recognizance before a justice with two sufficient

31

1879. 'Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879. Ch. 19.1

sureties conditioned personally to try the appeal, and to abide the judgment of the appellate court thereon, and to pay such costs as may be awarded by the court, or give such other security, by deposit of money or otherwise, as the justice allows:

(4.) Where the appellant is in custody any justice having jurisdiction in such complaint may, if he thinks fit, on the appellant entering into such recognizance or giving such other security as to such justice shall seem sufficient, release him from custody:

(5.) The appellate court may adjourn the appeal; and, on the hearing thereof, they may confirm, reverse, or modify the decision of the court of summary, jurisdiction appealed from, or remit the matter, with the opinion of the appellate court thereon, to the court of summary jurisdiction, or make such other order in the matter as the court thinks just, and if the matter be remitted to the court of summary jurisdiction, the said last-mentioned court shall thereupon re-hear and decide the matter in accordance with the order of the said court of appeal. The court of appeal may also make such order as to costs to be paid by either party as the court thinks just.

31. Any action against any person for any thing, done in pur- Limitation of suance or execution or intended execution of this Act shall be aotions-commenced within two years after the thing done, and not otherwise.

Notice in writing of every such action and of the cause thereof shall be given to the intended defendant one month at least before the commencement of the action.

Miscellaneous.

32. The time during which a person is detained in a retreat Time under shall for all purposes be excluded in the computation of time 9 &1° Vict. mentioned in section one of the Act of the ninth and tenth years e‘. 66's'1-of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-six, intituled

" An Act to amend the laws relating to the. removal of the poor," as amended by any other Act.

33. Persons who hold their estates, being other than ecclesi- forfeiture

astical benefices, subject to any condition of residence shall not ment°of con^" incur any forfeiture through being detained in any retreat. dition of

34. The Secretary of State may, subject as herein mentioned, residenee.

prescribe the fees to be paid in carrying out the provisions of this Feest?Jj? Act. ' pres ;

Scotland.

35. In the application of this Act to Scotland the following Application

provisions shall have effect: Scotland0

(1.) The term " sheriffincludes sheriff substitute:$

(2.) All penalties for offences under this Act shall be recovered with expenses, in a summary manner before the sheriff at the instance of the procurator fiscal of court:

(3.) An appeal against a conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction under this Act shall be to the Court of Justiciary at the next circuit court, or, where there are no. circuit courts, to the High Court of Justiciary at Edin-

32

20 G. 2. C. 43.

Application of Act to Ireland.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 56.

Sections 4,5.

Ch. 19. Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.* 42 & 43 Vict,

burgh, and not otherwise; and such appeal may be made in the manner and- under the rules; limitations, and conditions contained in the Act of the twentieth year of the reign of King George the Second, chapter forty-three,

" for taking away and abolishing heritable jurisdictions " in Scotland," or as near thereto as circumstances admit; with this variation, that the appellant shall find caution to pay the fine and expenses awarded against him by the conviction or order appealed from, together with any additional expenses awarded by the court dismissing the appeal:

(4.) The jurisdiction and authority conferred on a county court judge under this Act in England may in Scotland be exercised by a sheriff.

Ireland.

36. In the application of this Act to Ireland the following provisions shall take effect:

(1.) An appeal against a conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction shall, within the police district of Dublin . metropolis, be made in manner prescribed or allowed by the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district, and as regards other places in Ireland in accordance with the provisions of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act or Acts affecting or amending the same, or as nearly in accordance with their several Acts in each case as the circumstances will permit:

(2.) All fees for licenses and searches, and other fees, if any, under this Act, shall be paid over to the clerk of the local authority, and in every case in which such clerk is a clerk of the peace, or temporary clerk of the peace, shall be receivable by him for his own use, but in every case in which such clerk is a clerk of the Crown and peace, shall be accounted for by him in the same way as fees payable to him under the provisions of the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877.

The SCHEDULES referred to in the above Act.

The FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

England.

1879.

Habitual Drunkards Ad, 1879.

Part II. Scotland.

Ch. 19.

33

. District. Local* Authority. Clerk of Local Authority.

County, including any town or place which does not return or contribute to return a member to Parliament. Burgh which so returns or contributes. The justices of peace for the county in general or quarter or special sessions assembled. The provost and magistrates - The clerk of the peace. _ The town clerk.

Part III.

Ireland.

District. Local'Authority. Clerk of Local Authority.

Borough having a recorder Quarter sessions division of a . county, including county of a city and county of a town. The recorder - The -justices of the peace for the county sitting in the court of quarter sessions of the quarter sessions division. The clerk of the peace, or temporary clerk of the peace, or clerk of the Crown and peace. The clerk of the peace, or temporary clerk of the peace, or clerk of the Crown and peace.

The SECOND SCHEDULE. Form No. I.

Application for License of Retreat. The Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

borough] of [

Sections 4, 6, 10.

] [or as the case

To the justices of the peace for the county [c i may be~\.

I, the Undersigned, hereby apply, for a license for the house described below, as a retreat for the reception of ' male [or female, or male and

female] persons being habitual drunkards within the meaning of the above-mentioned Act, to be detained and treated as patients therein..

And I, the undersigned, undertake to reside in the house and give my personal attention to the management, care, and treatment of the patients.

L Witness . ' , (Signed)

District. Local. Authority. . . . m Address Address er o oc Authority. Description Description

Borough or city corporate having a separate court of quarter sessions. County, riding, division, or part of a county, liberty, or other place, riot being a county of a city, or a county of a town, or a borough or city corporate as aforesaid. The justices of the peace for the borough or city in special sessions assembled. The justices of the peace for the county or place in general or quarter sessions assembled. [House to be described with the following (among other) particulars; and a plan The clerk to the justices S on a scale of not less than one eighth of an inch to a foot to accompany the description the borough or city. > i and be referred to therein — , HB m -fm a. Dimensions of every room. lhe clerk of the peace forts A Arrangements for separation of .sexes. county or place, or the p c. Quantity of land available for exercise and recreation of patients, son acting as such, or* y « , * A J -l t deputy duly appointed. j Dxten^applicant>s interest xn tte house.-]

vf4

Ch. 19.

Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879. 42 & 43 K

Rules.

1. An application may include, two or more houses belonging to the same person; persons, provided no one of the houses is separated from another or others of them othei wise than by land in the same occupation and by a road, or in either of those modes, j

2. ‘ The application is to be made not less than ten days before the sessions or meeti& at which it is to be considered.

3. The clerk of the local authority is. to give notice of the . application having b^* made, by advertisement published in a newspaper circulating in the district of the Ion authority six days at least before the same sessions or meeting.

Form No. II.

License.

The Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

f This is. to certify that in pursuance of' the above-mentioij County [or borough] of< Act the justices of the peace acting in and for the count [ [or borough] of as the case may be\, in general or quarter (or special) sessions assembled, upon li application of A.B., a copy of which application is indorsed on this license, have licen# and do hereby license the said A.B. to use the house described in that application fori reception of persons being habitual drunkards, as follows; namely, ml

[or female, or * male and female] patients for

calendar months from this date. . ' .

Dated this day of 18 .

(Signed):$

Clerk of the Local Authority,

Rules.

1. A fee of ten shillings is to be paid for the. license.

2. The clerk of the local authority, within ten days after a license has been grantd

is to give notice of the. granting thereof by advertisement published in a newspaper cira lating in the district of the local authority, and is to send a copy .of the license to Secretary of State. '

Form No. III.

Request for Reception into Retreat..

The Habitual Drunkards Act, 1879.

To

I, the undersigned, hereby request you to receive me as a patient in your retreat!

in accordance with the above-mentioned Act, and I undertake to teffl*1 therein for . at least, unless sooner duly discharged, and to conform to ft

regulations for the time being-in force in the retreat.

The above named signed this, application in our presell

and at the time of his [or her] so doing we satisfied ourselves ®1 he- [or she] was an habitual drunkard within the meaning1 . ‘ the Habitual Drunkards Actj 1879, and stated to him [or W the effect of thi3 application, and of his [or her] reception ijj the retreat, and he [or she] appeared perfectly to understand*1 same..'

Dated this .

Witness's Name in full. Address. Description.

day of - .

Justices of the Peace for the county [or borough] of Applicants j:$

Name in full.

Address.

. Description.

J 879.

3

Consolidated Fwnd (No: 4) Act, 1879. Ch. 20, 21.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to apply the sum of six million five hundred and sixty-seven thousand and twenty-three pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty. [3d July 1879.]

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which wg have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto. Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom

of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the dated Fund for supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the service of the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty the sum of six million five hundred and sixty-seven thousand and isso. t,wenty-three pounds. *'

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to Power to the time on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding treasury to

t 7 */ o borrow*

in the whole the sum of six million five hundred and sixty-seven

thousand and twenty-three pounds, and shall repay the moneys so

borrowed with interest not exceeding five per' cent, per annum out

of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not

later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said

moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, Short title.

1879.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and. Inland Revenue, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs. i and Inland Revenue. [3d July 1879.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament , assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to

36

Short title.

Import duties on tea.

Amending 39 & 40 Vict. c. 35. as to imported cocoa-paste or chocolate.

‘Import duties on segars.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 15.

Prohibitions and restrictions.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

Entry of British goods returned.

Ch. 21. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vic-j.

the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give m grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1879.

Part I.

Customs.

2. The duties of Customs now chargeable upon tea shall continue to be levied and charged on and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland; (that is to say,)

Tea, the pound - Sixpence.

3. In lieu and instead of the duties of Customs now payable under the Customs Tariff Act, .1876, on cocoa-paste or chocolate imported into Great Britain or Ireland there shall be charged on and after the fourth day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine the following duties; (that is to say,)

£ s. d.

Cocoa or chocolate ground, prepared, or in

any way manufactured - the lb. 0 0 2

4. In lieu and instead of 'the duties of Customs payable on tobacco manufactured, viz. segars, under the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1878, there shall be charged on and after the fourtl day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine upon tobacco manufactured, viz.' segars, imported into Great Britain or Ireland the following duties; (that is to say,)

£ 8., d.

Tobacco, manufactured, viz.:

Segars - _ , - the lb. 0 5 6

5. In addition to the several goods enumerated and described in section forty-two of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, as thereby prohibited and restricted there shall be read and construed therewith the following: All articles bearing or having affixed to them any stamp, name, writing, or other device implying or tending to itnplj any sanction or guarantee by the Customs or by any other depart' ment of the Government.

6. All British goods brought' back into the United Kingdom being of such a kind or description as, if foreign, would be liatf* to any duty of Customs oh importation, shall be deemed to b* foreign, and liable to the same duties, rules, regulations, and restrk tions as foreign goods of the like kind or description, unless df same shall be brought back within five years from the time of $ exportation thereof, and it shall be proved to the satisfaction of d|( Commissioners' of Customs that they are British goods returned, which case the same may be entered by bill of store, contain^ such particulars and in such manner and form as the said Com®1* sioners may direct and be delivered free of duty: Provided alw»f

1879. Customs cmd Inland Revenue Act, 1879. Ch. 21. 37

that all goods brought into the United Kingdom for which any drawback might have been received on exportation shall be deemed and treated as foreign unless admitted to entry by special permission of the Commissioners of Customs, and on repayment of such drawback; and all foreign goods on re-importation into the United Kingdom, whether they shall have paid duty on their first importation or not, shall be liable to the same duties, rules, regulations, and restrictions as if then imported for the first time: Provided also, that if any British goods brought into the United Kingdom bear the name, brand, or mark of any British manufacturer, the same shall, either by bill of store or by and with the consent in writing of the proprietor of such name, brand, or mark, or his legal representative, or on proof to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs by declaration of the importer that such goods are of.

British manufacture, be admitted to entry as British.

7. If any goods which have been cleared to be exported from the Warehouse warehouse or for any drawback shall be shipped or entered to be or debenture shipped on board any vessel of less burden than forty tons, or shall fxp0rtpd. ° y not be duly exported to and landed in parts beyond the seas, or if

the same or any other goods which shall have been shipped for exportation shall be unshipped or relanded in any part of the United Kingdom (such goods not having been duly relanded or discharged as short-shipped under the care of the proper officers), or shall be carried to any of the Channel Islands (not having been duly entered, cleared, and shipped to be exported or carried directly to such islands), the same shall be forfeited, together with any ship, boat, or craft which may have been used in so unshipping, relanding, landing, or carrying such goods from the ship in which the same were shipped for exportation; and the master of such ship, and any person by whom or by whose orders or means such goods shall have been so unshipped, relanded, landed, or carried, or who shall aid, assist, or be concerned therein, shall forfeit, at the election of the Commissioners of Customs, a sum equal to treble the duty-paid value of such goods or the penalty of one hundred pounds.

8. The following goods may by proclamation or Order in Council Goods probe prohibited either to be exported or carried coastwise: — Arms, hlbl^ ammunition, and gunpowder, military and naval stores, and any articles which Her Majesty shall judge capable of being converted

into or made useful in increasing the quantity of military or naval stores, provisions, or any sort of victual which may be used as food for man; and if any goods so prohibited shall be exported or brought to any quay or other place to be shipped for exportation from the United Kingdom or carried coastwise, or be waterborne to be so exported or carried, they shall be forfeited, and the exporter or his agent or the shipper of any such goods shall be liable to the penalty of one hundred pounds.

9. The master of every coasting ship shall keep or cause to be Master of kept a cargo-book, stating the names of the ship, the master, and to*keepSaVeSSel the port to which she belongs and of the port to which she is bound cargo-book, on each voyage, and unless the Commissioners- of Customs other-.

wise direct shall at every port of lading enter in such book the name of such port, and an account of all goods there taken on board such ship, stating the descriptions of the packages and the quantities

38 Ch. 21. Customs and. Inland Revenue Act, 1879; 42 & 43 Vict.

and descriptions of the goods therein, and the quantities and de-scriptions of any goods stowed loose, and the names of the respective shippers, and consignees, so far as such particulars are known to him, and shall at every port of discharge of such goods note the respective days on which the same or any of them are delivered out of such ship, and the respective times of departure from every port of lading aixd of arrival at every port of discharge; and such master shall, on demand, produce such book for the inspection of any officer of Customs, who shall he at liberty to make any note or remark therein; and if upon examination any package entered in the cargo-hook as containing foreign goods shall be found not to contain such goods, such package with its contents shall be forfeited, or if any package shall be found to contain foreign goods not entered Penalty for in such book, such goods shall be forfeited; and if such master ^hbookT"1 correctly to keep such cargo-book.or to produce the same,

or if at any time there be found on board such ship any goods not entered in such book as laden or any goods noted as delivered, or if any goods entered as laden or any goods not noted as delivered be not on board, the masted of such ship shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

Penalty for 10. All persons to the number of three or more who shall to assemble for the purpose of unshipping, landing, running, carrying, concealing, or having so assembled shall unship, land, run, carry,

convey, or conceal any spirits, tobacco, or any prohibited, restricted* or uncustomed goods, shall each forfeit a penalty not exceeding five , hundred pounds nor less than one hundred pounds.

How penalties, 11. All duties, penalties, and forfeitures incurred under or im-&e. to be sued posed by - the Customs Acts, and the liability to forfeiture of any goods seized under the authority thereof, may be sued for, prosecuted, determined, and recovered by action, information, or other appropriate proceeding in the High Court of Justice in England, or by action of debt, information, or other appropriate proceeding in the superior courts of common law at Dublin or Edinburgh, or in the Royal Courts of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in the name of the Attorney-General for England or Ireland respectively, or of the Lord Advocate of Scotland, or of some officer of Customs or Excise, or by information in the name of some officer of Customs or Excise, before one or more-justice or justices in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man, or the Channel Islands: Provided always' that the forty-fourth section of second and third Victoria, chapter seventy-one, shall not apply to any offence against the Customs laws; and provided that in any proceedings for any penalty or forfeiture under the Customs Acts the fact that the duties of Customs have been secured by bond or otherwise shall not be pleaded or made use of in answer to or in stay of any such proceedings.

Persons pre- 12, When any verdict-shall pass or conviction be had against any violet00n" Person for any offence against the Customs Acts, and he shall have verdict, be im^ been adjudged to pay a.penalty of one hundred pounds or upwards, prisoned with the presiding justice may, if for a first offence, commit the offender hLd^tenr to one of Her Majesty's prisons for not less than, six nor more than nine months, and if for a subsequent offence may order that - the (Offender shall, in lieu of payment of the penalty, be imprisoned, with

39

1879. Customs amd Inland Revenue Act, 1879. Ch. 21.

or without hard labour, for a period not less than six nor more than twelve months.

13. No foreign goods upon which a higher duty is payable on Goods ae- H

their importation into Great Britain or Ireland than on their im- 1 of

portation into the Isle of Ma.n shall, after the same have been cleared Customs in the and delivered out of charge of the proper officers of Customs for Isle of Man not consumption or otherwise in the said isle, be carried or shipped or i^t^Great^ri-be waterborne, or be brought to any quay, wharf, or other place to tain or Ireland, be shipped or waterborne to be carried from the said isle into

Great Britain or Ireland; nor shall any such goods which may be Goods brought brought to the said isle, though not cleared and delivered as afore? Man'

said, be removed or carried to be brought or. taken from thence iiVered from into Great Britain or Ireland until the same shall have been duly Customs, may cleared for that purpose by the proper officer of Customs, nor (unless Great°Btitein reported for removal in the same ship and in continuation of the or Ireland on voyage to some port in Great Britain or Ireland) until sufficient conditions, security by bond or otherwise shall have been given in such manner and on such terms and conditions as the Commissioners of Customs may direct for the . due delivery thereof at some port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, and no British or Irish spirits shall be removed or exported from the Isle of Man to any port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, and all goods carried, brought, shipped, removed, or waterborne to be shipped, removed, or carried contrary hereto, shall be forfeited, and every person who shall carry, ship, ' bring, remove, or waterbear to be shipped, removed, or carried any ' goods contrary hereto, or who shall aid or be concerned therein, shall forfeit treble the duty-paid value of such goods or the sum of one hundred pounds, at the election of the Commissioners of Customs.

14. Each of the several sections of this Act set forth in column Sections of this No, 1 of the schedule to this Act shall be deemed and taken to be ^edule°inllin incorporated in and form part of the Customs Consolidation Act, corporated in 1876, in the order and place assigned .to each such section in and 39 & 40 Vict. by column No. 2 of the said schedule, and the said several sections of c‘ 36‘

this Act shall be read and construed with the said Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and the provisions of the latter Act shall be deemed to relate to and be applicable to said several sections of this Act, in the same manner and to the same extent as if the said several sections of this Act had been originally enacted therein in the order and place so assigned to each such section in and by the said schedule; and the several sections referred to in column 2 of Repeal, the said schedule are hereby repealed.

Part II.

Tones.

15. There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the year com- Grant of duties mencing on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and of income tax. . seventy-nine, in respect of all property, profits, and gains, mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act of the sixteenth and 16 & 17 Vict. seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, the c‘ 3 ' following duties of income tax; (that is-to say,)

..For every twenty shillings of the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable -under Schedules (A),

(C.), (D.), or (E.) of the said Act, the duty of fivepence;

40

Provisions of Income Tax

25 & 26 Vict. c. 22. s. 43.

Provisions of Income Tax Acts to apply to duties to be granted for succeeding year.

Ch. 21. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict,

And for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under schedule (B.) of the said Act, —

In England, the duty of twopence halfpenny;

In Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of one penny three farthings.

16. All such provisions contained in any Act relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight

duties°hereby ° hundred and seventy-nine (except section eleven of the Customs and granted. Inland Revenue Act, 1878,) shall have full force and effect with 41 & 42 Vict respect to the duties of income tax granted by this Act, so far as c-15- the same shall be consistent with the provisions of this Act; and

for the purposes of this Act the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two mentioned in the forty-third section of the Act of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter twenty-two, shall be read and deemed to mean the year one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

17. In order .to ensure the collection in due time of any duties of income tax which may be granted for the year commencing on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty, all such provisions contained in any Act relating to the duties of income tax as are in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty, and are consistent with the provisions of this Act, shall have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax which may be so granted in the same manner as if the said duties had been actually granted and the said provisions had been applied thereto by an Act of Parliament passed on that day; provided that nothing in this section shall be deemed to render necessary or authorise the appointment of assessors for such of the said duties as may be granted and payable under Schedules (A) and (B.) of the said Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter thirty-four.

18. Every officer of any corporation, Company, fraternity, fellowship, or society who is answerable under the provisions of the fortieth section of the Act of the fifth and sixth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-five,.for doing all such acts, matters,.

meutofpersons and things as shall be required to be done by virtue of the said Act in order to the assessing the corporation, company, fraternity, fellowship, or society to the duties of income tax, shall also be answerable under the provisions of the fiftieth and fifty-fifth sections of the same Act for doing all such acts, matters, or things as shall be required to be done by virtue of the said Act in order to the assessing the officers, and persons in the employment of the corporation, company, fraternity, fellowship, or society to the duties of income tax .

19. The fact that a case stated under the provisions of section nine of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1874, is pending before the court therein referred to' shall not in any way interfere with the payment of the income tax or inhabited house duty according to the assessment of the Commissioners by whom the case was stated, but the income tax or inhabited house duty shall be paid according to such assessment, as if the case had not been required to be stated, and in the event of the amount of assessment being

16 & i:

c. 34.

Vict.

Officers of, corporations and societies to do all acts requisite for assess-

employed by the corporations or societies.

5 & 6 Vict.

c. 35. s. 40.

Income tax or inhabited house duties to be paid notwithstanding case stated under 37 & 38 Vict. c. 16. s. 9.

41

altered by the order or judgment of the court the difference in amount, if too much has been paid, shall be repaid with such interest (if any) as the court may .allow, and if too little, shall be deemed to be arrears (except so far as any penalty is incurred on account of arrears), and shall be paid and recovered accordingly.

20. Where any parishes or places have been united under the United parishes provision contained in section four of the Act of the nineteenth

and twentieth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter eighty, and the lg & 20vict.

union has proved to be inconvenient, it shall be lawful for the c. so. s. 4.

Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, on receipt of a resolution

of the Commissioners of Land Tax acting for the division in which

the parishes or places are situate, passed at a meeting convened for

the purpose, to dissolve the union either as regards all or some or

one of such parishes or places so united.

21. Any schedule, duplicate, or other document required to be on Schedules, parchment by any Act of Parliament relating to land tax, inhabited Tax Acts house duties, or income tax, may, if the Commissioners of Inland maybe onother Revenue shall by order so direct, be on paper or such other material material than as may be by such order prescribed, and every schedule, duplicate, parcliment‘

or other document on paper or other prescribed material in accordance with the order shall be as valid and effectual for all purposes as it would have been if the same had been on parchment.

Part III.

Collection of Income Tax, Land Tax, and Inhabited House Duties.,

22. This part of this Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of this

23. The following provisions shall have effect with respect to Part °fAct-

the appointment of collectors of land tax, inhabited house duties, ^Pp^"ent and income tax, for the year commencing on the sixth day of for income April one thousand eight hundred and eighty, and any subsequent tax under year . ' Schedules (A.).

(1;) It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Land Tax for i&nStax and* any division, with the assent in writing of the Commis- inhabited . sioners of Inland Revenue, to group parishes or places house dutie8,

. together in such division for the purposes of collection; and parishes or places so grouped shall for such purposes', but for such purposes only, be deemed and taken to be one parish or place : -

(2.) The persons to be appointed collectors shall not be nominated by assessors as heretofore, but shall be nominated and appointed by the Commissioners of Land Tax and by the Commissioners for the general purposes of the income tax respectively, and the fact of the appointment of a person to be collector shall be notified to him either personally or by a registered letter sent through the post:$

(3.) It shall not be compulsory on any person to accept the office of collector, and no person shall be liable to any penalty imposed by law for neglecting or refusing to take upon himself the said office, provided that he shall within fourteen days after the notification to him 'of his appointment either personally or by registered letter addressed to the

17 & 18 Vict. c. 85. s. 2.

Parishes formed for Poor Law purposes may he made parishes for the purposes of certain taxes.

Particulars of demand note.

Police proceedings for penalties in relation to dogs.

41 & 42 Vict c. 15.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

28 & 29 Vict c. 127.

Amendment of sections 2 and of the Acts & 6 Vict c. 93. as

Ch. 21. Customs and Inlcmd Revenue Act, 1879, 42 & 43 'VighJI

clerk to the Commissioners signify his refusal to accetijJI the said office:

(4.) If the collector or collectors for any parish or. place shall noil have been appointed on or before the. thirty-first day of | May in any year, the power of appointing a collector a collectors for such parish or place for , that year,Oand| every subsequent year, shall vest in the Commissioner of Inland Revenue, and the Commissioners of Inlanfl Revenue shall appoint a collector or collectors for such* parish or place in the manner mentioned in section twtB . of the Act of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of Her $ present Majesty, chapter eighty-five, and the collectoridH collectors so appointed shall for all purposes be deemed ijfl be a collector or collectors appointed under such Act.

24. Where in England, under the authority of Parliament, aayj part of a parish or place has been formed- into a new parish ej* place for the purposes of Poor Law administration, or any parish ofl place, or part of a parish or place, has been amalgamated with e included within the boundaries of another parish or place for the! said purposes, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may, if in their* discretion they think: fit, by order in writing, direct that such news parish or place, or such parish or place with, which, of within the-.? boundaries of which, any parish or place, or part of a parish or place* has been amalgamated or included, shall he a parish or place*: for which a separate Assessment of the inhabited house duties andoffl the duties of income tax shall he. made, and for which assessors and I collectors may he appointed for the purpose of assessing and collect* mg the said duties.

In case any parish or place or* part of a parish or place in the j jurisdiction of one body of Commissioners of Income Tax is amalgal* mated with or included-within the boundaries of a parish or place* in the jurisdiction of another body of -Commissioners of IncoHj^J Tax, such order shall have the effect of transferring the jurisdic* tion to such last-mentioned body. jfjfl

25. The collectors of house duty and income tax under Schedules u (A) and (B.) shall, in the demand note delivered previous to pay- ment, distinctly describe the property and specify the amount of then assessment and the rate at which the duty or tax. is charged uponj such assessment.

Part IY.: gtf|'

Excise.

26. Where under the provisions of the .twenty-third section -xh the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1878, - the proceedings for | any penalty therein referred to are taken in England upon jnfM® mation of a police constable, such proceedings shall be in accordance* with the provisions of the Act of the eleventh and twelfth years I of the reign, of Her present Majesty, chapter forty-three, and any J Acts amending the same, including the Small Penalties Act, 1865,1 notwithstanding anything contained in the seventh section thereof: *

27. The provision contained in the secondi section of the Act of* the fifth and sixth.years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter ninety three, relieving; any manufacturer of tobacco; from liability to tb«

43

1879. Customs and Inla/nd Revenue Act,' 1879. Ch. 21, 22.

penalty imposed by the first section of. that Act shall not extend to to nse of oil in relieve him from such liability in case he shall make use of any oiltobacco' in the .manufacture of roll tobacco other than essential oil for the purpose of flavouring, and olive oilin the process of spinning and rolling up the tobaceo.

The word "oil" in section four of the said Act shall be read as meaning gliye oil and essential oil only.

SCHEDULE referred to in Section 14s.

Column No. 1. Sections of the CustomaAct; 1875/ 1 Column No. 2. Order and place of incorporation in the Ciutoms Consolidation Act, 1876.; . ;'g-

Section 6 In lieu of section 63 of the Customs Con- solidation Act, 1876/ Repealed by this Act.

« B , L 120 , , ‘ -1 99 1 1 ..<m r l

, 8 - ' 138 , - I 99 99

, 9 - , , i44 wtFjwBB 99 ! 99

\o i rlO? id tn: t & ' W 1

» 11 - gftH 1 , 218 . -; 9y . H

, 12 ' - » 337 / , in 99 99

if n%. C w: ' , 278': , «/, ' I gyj . k.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act for mote effectually providing for the Prosecution of Offences in England, and for other purposes.

jjtt ... [3d July 1879/f

WHEREAS if is expedient to provide more effectually for the ' ' prosecution of offences in England, and for other purposes-:

Be it therefore enacted by the. Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with Jtne ad^nW and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by ;the authority of the same, as follows:

H This Act may be cited' as the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879. Short title.

2. A Secretary, of State may from time tb time appoint an officer Appointment to be called the Director Of Public Prosecutions, with such salary, du17 D,i-not exceeding two thousand pounds per annum, as he may, ydth the ]ftro8eoution& C ConsCuifof the Treasury, fix.

It shall be the duty of the Director of Public Prosecution^ under .the superintendence of the Attorney General, to institute, undertake, or carry on- such criminal proceedings (whether in the , Court for '

Crown Cases Reserved, before sessions of Oyer .and TermimSp Or of the Peace, before magistrates, or otherwise), and to give such advice and assistance to chief officers of police, clerks to justices, and other persons, whether officeis or not, concerned in any criminal proceeding respecting the cohdubtu,bf that1 proceeding, as may be for the time being prescribed by'regulations under this Act, or may be directed in a special case by the Attorney General.

The regulations under this Act sh^all provide for the j Director of Public Prosecutions taking action in cases which appear to he of

44 Ch. 22. Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict,

importance or difficulty, or in which special circumstances, or the refusal or failure of a person to proceed with a prosecution, appear to render the action of such Director necessary to secure the due prosecution of an offender, and shall also fix the areas or districts for which the assistants of such director shall respectively be appointed and act. 9

of ^ce o^Di1 Secretary of State may from time to time appoint such rector of Public assistants, not exceeding six, as may, with the sanction of the Trea-Prosecutions. sury, seem necessary for the proper execution of his duties by the Director of Public Prosecutions, and may assign them their duties; And the Attorney General, with the approval of a Secretary of State, may from time to time appoint such clerks, messengers, and servants as may, with the sanction of the Treasury, seem necessary; for the proper execution of his duties by the Director of Public Prosecutions, and may assign them their duties.

There shall be paid to such assistants, clerks, messengers, and servants such salaries or remuneration as may be from time to time fixed by the Attorney General, with .the approval of a Secretary of State and the consent of the Treasury.

The said salaries and remuneration, and the salary of the Director of Public Prosecutions, and all expenses incurred in the execution of the duties of that Director, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

No Assistant Director of Public Prosecutions shall be appointed for any longer term than seven years; but any person vacating his office by reason of this provision may be re-appointed.

Qualification of 4. A person appointed to be the Director of Public Prosecutions, PuMc°Prose or an assistant of such Director, shall be either a barrister-

cutionsandof at-law or a solicitor of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and shall assistants. be in the case of the Director in actual practice and of not less standing than ten years, and in the case of an assistant in actual practice and of not less standing than seven years.

Neither the Director of Public Prosecutions nor any assistant of such Director shall directly or indirectly practise in their profession except in the discharge of their duties under this Act.

Delivery of 5. Where the Director of Public Prosecutions gives notice to any inquf^tions68' justice or coroner that he has instituted, or undertaken, or is carry-&c. to Director ing on any criminal proceeding, such justice and coroner shall at of Public the time and in the manner prescribed by the regulations under Prosecutions. ^bis Act, or directed in any special case by an order of the Attorney General, "transmit to the said Director every recognizance, information, certificate, inquisition, deposition, document, and thing which is connected with , the said proceeding, and which the justice or coroner is required by law to deliver to the proper officer of the court in which the trial is to be had, and the said Director shall, subject to the regulations under this Act, cause the same to be delivered to the said proper officer of the court, and shall be under the same obligation, on the same payment, to deliver to an appli-, cant copies thereof as the said justice, coroner, or officer.

It shall be the duty , of every clerk to a justice or to a police court to transmit, in accordance with the regulations under this Act, to the director of Public Prosecutions, a copy of the inforjmation and of all depositions and other documents relating to any case in which

Ch. 22.

45

a prosecution for an offence instituted before such justice or court is withdrawn or is not proceeded with within a reasonable time.

A failure on the part of any justice or coroner to comply with this section shall be deemed to be a failure to comply with the said requirement to deliver to the proper officer of the court, and any clerk to a justice or to a police court failing to comply with this section shall be liable to the same penalty to which a justice or coroner is liable for such failure as aforesaid.

6. Where any criminal proceeding has been instituted or under- H Director

taken by the Director of Public Prosecutions, any person having the pro'

right to institute and carry on such proceedings may, if he have aggrieved par-good cause for so doing, show, by affidavit to any Judge of the ties may High Court of Justice, that such Director of Public Prosecutions Proceed-

has abandoned such proceedings, or has neglected duly to carry on the same, and such Judge, after hearing such Director of Public Prosecutions, may give such directions as to the mode in which such proceedings shall be continued by such person so applying, or by the said Director of Public Prosecutions, as to such Judge shall appear right.

7. Nothing in this Act shall interfere with the right of any person Saving as to

to institute, undertake, or carry on any criminal proceeding. s'cutors^and

Where any criminal proceeding is instituted, undertaken, or carried binding over on by the Director of Public Prosecutions, such Director shall not persons to be bound over to prosecute Or conduct such proceeding, or required Prosecute-to give security for costs, and it shall not be necessary to bind over any person to prosecute or conduct such proceeding, and if any person is so bound over, or has given security for costs, he shall, upon the Director of Public Prosecutions undertaking the case, be released from such obligation, and the .security shall be deemed to have been cancelled, and the Director of Public Prosecutions shall be liable to costs in lieu of such person.

The prosecution of an offender by the Director of Public Prosecutions shall, for the purpose of enabling a person to obtain. a restitution of property, or obtaining, exercising, or enforcing any right, claim, or advantage whatsoever, have the same effect as if such person had been bound over to prosecute and had prosecuted the offender, subject to this proviso, that such person shall give all reasonable information and assistance to the said Director in relation to the prosecution. *'

8. The Attorney General, with the approval of the Lord Chancellor Regulations

and a Secretary of State, may from time to time make, and when maybe made> made rescind, vary, and add to, regulations for carrying into effect ^'before* 6 this Act. Parliament.

The draft of all such regulations proposed to be approved as aforesaid shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament and shall not be finally approved as aforesaid until the. draft has lain before each House of Parliament for not less- than forty days upon which such House has sat.

9. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following Interpretation, terms have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them;

that is to say,

The term " the Treasury " means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.:

[Commencement of Act.]

Short title.

Extent of Act. Close time for hares.

Lord Lieutenant may vary closetime.

Prosecution of offences.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 90.

Ch. 22, 23. Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict

The term "Secretary of State" means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State:

The term " person " includes a body of persons corporate or un-incorporate:

The term " Attorney General " means Her Majesty's Attorney General for England, and Her Majesty's Solicitor General for England whenever such Solicitor General can by reason of a vacancy in the office of Attorney General or otherwise act as the Attorney General.

10. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to provide for the Preservation of Hares in Ireland.

[3d July 1879.]

WHEREAS hares form an important article of food, and have of late years greatly decreased in number in Ireland by reason I of their being inconsiderately slaughtered, and owing to their marketable value it is important to provide for their protection during the breeding season:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most. Excellent Majesty, by and , with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be cited as. the Hares Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1879.

2. This Act shall extend only to Ireland.

3. Any person who shall wilfully kill, wound, or attempt to kill or wound, or take any hare or leveret, or use any gun, net, snare, or dog for the purpose of killing, wounding, or taking any hare or leveret, or shall have in his possession any hare or leveret killed, wounded, or taken between the twentieth day of April and the twelfth day of August in any year shall, on conviction of any such offence before any justice or justices of the peace, forfeit and pay for every such hare dr leveret taken, wounded, killed, or attempted to be killed, wounded, or taken, or in his possession such sum of money not. exceeding one pound as to the said justices shall seem meet, together with the costs of conviction.

4. The Lord Lieutenant, on the application of the grand jury of any county, may vary the time of such prohibition in any county, such order to be published in a paper circulating in said county, and in the Dublin Gazette.

5. Every offence under this Act may be prosecuted in a summary manner,- and every penalty imposed under this Act shall be applied in the manner directed by the Fines Act (Ireland), 1851, and any Act amending the same.

1879.

Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879.

Ch. 24.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law of Ireland. [3d July 1879.]

WHEREAS, with a view to the revision of the Statute Law, and particularly to the preparation of a Revised Edition of the Irish Statutes, it is expedient that certain enactments of the Parliament of Ireland (mentioned in the schedule to this Act) which maybe regarded as spenty or which have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express and specific repeal, or which have, by lapse of time and change of circumstances, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The (enactments described in the schedule to this Act are hereby Enactments repealed, subject to the exceptions and qualifications in the schedule schedule re-

i pealed.

mentioned;

Provided, that where any enactment not comprised in the schedule Saving, has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated, by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal, effected by this Act: and the repeal by this Act of any enactment shall not affect any Act in which such enactment has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon.

Or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto ;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything, already done or suffered, — or any existing status or capacity,- — or any right or title already acquired or accrued, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof,- — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affecj; any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure; or existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, or . emolument, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force.

2. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Short title. Act, 1879.

SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, sections, * other parts, first and last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginnk, and as forming the end respectively, of the 'portion comprised in the description or citation

28 Hen. 8. c. 7. in part.

c. 20. 12 Eliz. c. 4.

28 Eliz. c.,1. in part.

10 Chas. l.sess. 3.

c. 9. c. 18. in part.

7 Will. 3. c. 7.

c. 9. in part.

c. 17.

in part.

c. 24. 10 Will. 3. c. 2. in part.

2 Anne, c. 2. c. 15. in part.

c. 17.

6 Anne, c. 12. ih part.

8 Anne, c. 4.

in part.

c. 8.

9 Anne, c. 7.

in part.

11 Anne, c. 8. in part.

An Act of Slaunder.

Section Two.

Section Three, to " committed within the limits of this realm; and ", Section Four, except as to Outlawry.

- Sections Five and Six.

An Act declaring the Effect of Poynings Act.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act authorising tfo .Governour for- the time being, — and ends with the words, — Her Majestit, Her Heyres and Successours, certaine reservations, &c.

An Act concerning wilfull Perjurie.

Section Two, so far as it relates to the appropriation of Penalty. Section Four.

Section Six from " given by Acte of Parliament." to " Ulster, nor ". , An Act for relief of Creditors against such persons as dye in Execution. ]

An Act for the Swearing of Under-Sheriffs and other Officers.

Section Four from " the one Moiety " to the end of the Section. Section Five from "in which Action " to the end of the Section.

An Act for reviving two Statutes lately expired, and making them perpetual;

and for avoiding unnecessary Suites and Delays.

An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Profane Cursing and Swearing Section One, so far as it relates to the Appropriation of Penalties.

An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's-Day, commonly called Sunday. Section Three, from " and in default " to " hours "; and so far' as it relates to the Appropriation of Penalties.

Section Five.

An Act for the better Regulating of Measures in and throughout this Kingdom An Act for reforming Abuses in making of Butter Casks, and preventing S False Packing of Butter.

Sections Three to Six.

An Act for encouraging the Importation of Iron and Staves.

An Act to prohibit Butchers from being Graziers, and to redress sevenl Abuses in Buying and Selling of Cattle; and in the Slaughtering and Packing of Beef, Tallow, and Hides.

Section Seven.

Sections Nine to Eleven!

Section Thirteen, from " and upon the Conviction " to the end of Ik Section.

Section Sixteen.

An Act to Supply the Defects of an Act past in the Seventh Year of the lati King William, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating of Measuresilj " and throughout this Kingdom," ' ' m

An Act for the continuing and perpetuating of divers Laws and Statute heretofore temporary, and for amending of the Law in relation to ButW Casks.

Section One.

An Act to enable Posthumous Children to take Estates, as if born in the» Father's Lifetime.

Section One.

An Act for the encouraging the discovery and apprehending of Housebreaker An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending a® making perpetual, — and ends with the words, — Beef, Tallow, and Hides. Section One, so far as it is not already repealed.

An Act for explaining and amending several Statutes for prohibiting Un^ Sheriffs and Sheriffs Clerks from officiating as Sub-sheriffs or Sheri* Clerks more than one year.

Section Three, from " that he has not taken " to " preceding Sheriff, and ' Section Seven, from " in which " to end of the Section.

Ch. 24.

49

2 Geo. 1. c. 9. c. 10. An Act to make the Militia of this Kingdom more useful. An Act to restrain Papists from being High or Petty Constables, and for the better regulating the Parish Watches.

c. 16. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more effectual Amendment of the Law in relation to Butter and Tallow Casks, — and ends with the words, — Beef, Tallow, and Hides. *. Sections Seven and Nine.

c. 17. in part. An Act to impower Justices of the Peace to determine Disputes about Servants, Artificers, Day-Labourers, Wages, and other small Demands, and to oblige Masters to pay the same, and to punish idle and disorderly Servants. Section Seven, so far as it relates to' the Appropriation of Penalty.

6 Geo. 1. c. 6. in part. Section Eighteen. An Act to prevent delays in Writs of Error, and for the further Amendment of the Law. Sections One to Four.

. o. 15. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more eflfectua Amendment of the Pavements, — and ends with the words, — Hackney Coaches and-Chairs in the said City. Sections Six and Seven.

8 Geo. 1. c. 6. in part. An Act for the further Amendment of the Law, and for continuing and amending several Acts near expiring. Sections One and Nine.

9 Geo. 2. c. 8. An Act to prevent the evil arising by the Retailers of Beer, Ale, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Aqua vitae, and other Spirituous Liquors, giving credit to Servants, Day-Labourers, and other Persons, who usually work or ply for Hire or Wages. Section Two.

15 Geo. 2. c. 4. An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled " An Act to prevent the " further growth of Popery."

21 Geo. 2. c. 13. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repairing the Roads, — and ends with the words, — Gads commonly called long Gads. Section Fifteen.

t 23 Geo. 2. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting and continuing to His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with the words, — Great Britain.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for payment of the principal Sums, — and ends with the words, — Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds.

c.3. An Act for continuing and amending several Laws heretofore made relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in His Majesty's Customs and Excise.

c. 4* An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for the encouragement of English Protestant Schools."

c. 5. An Act for granting and continuing to His Majesty several duties upon Coaches, Berlins, Chariots, Calashes, Chaises; and Chairs, and upon Cards and Dice, and upon wrought and manufactured Gold and Silver Plate, for the purposes herein mentioned.

c. 7. An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled " An Act to prevent R the further growth of Popery.":$

c. 8. c. pi An Act for continuing several temporary Statutes. An Act to provide for begging Children, and for the better regulation of Charity Schools, and for taking up vagrant and offensive Beggars in the City of Dublin and liberties thereof, and the liberties thereto adjoyning.

| c. 12. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending, continuing, and making more effectual, — and ends with the words, — Parish Clerks. t

c. 13. in part. Sections One to Eight, and Thirteen to Sixteen. An Act for the better securing the Persons who have served or hereafter shall serve in the Office of Sheriff in this Kingdom against the defaults and neglects of their Sub-sheriffs and Attornies. Section One. Section Four, so far as' it relates to the appropriation of

c. 14. penalty. 1 -=- ‘ >; . < , An Act for Amendment of the Law, in relation to the appointing High

and Petty Constables.

50

23 Geo. 2. — cont. c. 15. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing amending, — and ends with the words, — Several Markets in this KingdonJ/ Section Two, so far as it relates to appropriation of penalty, and W "wherein no essoign " to "allowed," and Section Six.

o. 16. An Act for the more effectual amending and keeping in Repair the sevew Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom; and for better securing the Creditorso( the said Roads.

c. 17. 25 Geo. 2. c.l. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting tnj continuing to His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with tin words, — Great Britain.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for Payment of tl* Principal Sum, — and ends with the Words, — Twenty-fifth day of Decemb# One thousand seven hundred and fifty-one.

c. 3. An Act to continue the Parliament for Three Years whensoever and as oft# as the Crown shall descend to any of the Children of His late Rojd Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the age of Eight*# Years, unless it shall be dissolved before that time.

c. 4. An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for the encouragement d English Protestant Schools.

c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. An Act for the better Preservation of the Game. An Act for continuing several temporary Statutes now near expiring. An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled " An Act to prevent tit " further growth of Popery."

c. 8. in part. An Act the, title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the bette adjusting and more easy recovery of the Wages, — and ends with the wort, — set one against the other. Section Six to " other; and Section Nine.

c. 9. 'in part. An Act for continuing and amending several Laws heretofore made relatia to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of Fraud in His Majesty's Customs and Excise. Sections One and Six.

c. 10. An Act the title of which .begins with the words, — An Act for amending an As intituled An Act for encouragement of Tillage, — and ends with the words,-'; out of this Kingdom for England.

c. 12. in part. An Act for the more effectual Execution of Orders of the Courts of Justia for giving [and quieting Possessions; and also for the more effector bringing to Justice such Persons as shall enlist His Majesty's Subjects t* serve as Soldiers in Foreign Service without Licence. Except Section Four to " Majesty's courts."

c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain and ame» an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,'' and ends with the words, — Clerks of the Crown and Peace.

o. 15. in part. An Act for buying and selling of all sorts of Corn and Meal and other thiuj?] therein mentioned by weight, and for the more effectual preventing Frauds committed in the buying and selling thereof. .Sections Three, Ten, and Thirteen so far as they relate to the appropto" tion of penalties; Sections Four, Eight, Nine, Eleven, and Fourteen

c. 16. An Act for explaining and amending the several Laws now in being relatrn to the Workhouse of the City of Dublin, so far as the same relates to tjj Rates of Hafckney Coaches, and Hackney Coachmen, and Sedan Chairs Chairmen in and about the said City.

. 27 Geo. 2. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting continuing to His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with . words-, — Great Britain. j.

c. 2. An Act for continuing, altering, and amending the Laws in relation t° Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures.

29 Geo.'2. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting 8, continuing to His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with " words, — Great Britain.

c.2. An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employi0^ to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled " An Act to pref^ " the further growth of Popery."

29 Geo. 2. — cont. c. 3. in part, n An Act for continuing and amending several Laws heretofore made relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in His Majesty's Customs and Excise. Sections One and Six.

c. 4. An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for encouagement of English Protestant Schools.

c. 6. c. 7. An Act for better regulating Juries. An Act for amending an Act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled "An Act for the more " effectual erecting and better regulating of Free Schools, and for rebuilding " and repairing of Churches."

c. 8. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing and reviving several temporary Statutes, — and ends with the words, — Destruction of Salmon. Except Section Thirteen to " Warrant of Two or more such Justices of " the Peace ".

. c. 9. c. 10. An Act for the further encouragement of Tillage. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending an Act passed in the twenty-fifth year of His present Majesty's reign, — and ends with the words, — out of this Kingdom for England.

c. 12. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Tenants, Colliers, Miners, and others, — and ends with the words, — or to Ships or Boats. Sections Three to Eight. Section Thirteen.

c. 14. in part. An Act for removing Doubts touching the Presentments of Money in the Court of King's Bench; and r for raising of Money for building and repairing Houses of Correction. Except as to the County of the City of Dublin.

c.15. in part. An Act" to supply the Defects of an Act passed in the Eleventh" Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty' Queen Anne, intituled " An Act for explaining " and amending several Statutes for prohibiting Under-Sheriffs and " Sheriffs' Clerks from officiating as Sub-Sheriffs or Sheriffs' Clerks more " than One Year." Sections One and Two.

.. c. 16. in part, c. 17. c. 24. A.n Act for promoting Publick Credit. Section Four'. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors. An Act to make it lawful for His Majesty's Protestant Dissenting Subjects of this Kingdom to accept of and hold Commissions in the Militia, and to act in Commission of Array.

31 Geo. 2. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting and continuing to His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with the words, — Great Britain.

c. 2. An Act to prevent the distilling of Spirits from Wheat, Oats, Bear, Barley, Malt, Beans, and Pease, or from any Potatoes, Meal, or Flour of Wheat, Oats, Bear, Barley, Malt, Beans, or Pease for a limited Time.

c.3. c. 4. An Act for better supplying the City of Dublin with Com and Flour. An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled " An Act to prevent " the further growth of Popery."

c. 6. An Act for continuing and amending several Laws heretofore made relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in His Majesty's Customs and Excise.

c. 7. An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

c. 9. e. 10. in part. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — -An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses, — and' ends with the words, — Bay-yarn exported to Great Britain. Sections Eleven and Twelve.

c. 11. An Act more effectually to enable the Clergy having Cure of Souls to reside upon their respective Benefices, and to build upon their respective Glebe Lands. D 2

52

Ch. 24. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict

31 Geo. 2. — cant.

c. 14.

33 Geo. 2. e. % c. 2. c. 3.

, c. 6.

c. 7-c. 9. c. 10.

c. 11. in pari.

c. 12.

e. 14. in part.

c. 16. in part.

c. 17.

c. 18. in part.

l.Geo. S. c. 1.

C. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4. c. 5.

c. 6.

An Act for the better supplying the City of Dublin with Coals, and fot‘ the better encouragement of the Collieries of this Kingdom.

I An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting and continuing to His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with tht I words, — Great Britain.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a further additional Duty on Wine, — and ends with the words,» the said Principal Sums.

! An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled " An Act to prevent] " the further growth of Popery."

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for encouragement of Englisl, Protestant Schools.

An Act for the more equal assessing and better collecting of Publick Money in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns.

An Act to prevent the mixing or adulterating of Strong Waters and other Spirituous Liquors.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for better regu-' lating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, — and ends with the worth,

I — continued thereby.

1 An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for reviving and amending an Act passed in the Twenty ‘third Year of His present Majestyi; Reign, — and ends with the words, — building of new Churches.

Section Four.

An Act for amending an Act intituled "An Act for the better supplying!

" the City of Dublin with Corn and Flour."

I An Act for repealing an Act passed in this Kingdom in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled " An Act for the betta.

" securing the payment of Bankers Notes, and for providing a man,

" effectual Remedy for the Security and Payment of Debts due ffl " Bankers." j

Sections One, Two to the words " Banker or Bankers; and, " Seven]

Thirteen, and Seventeen.

An Act for the better regulating the Corporation of the City of Dublin! and for extending the Power of the Magistrates thereof, and for other pur] poses relative to the said City.

Sections One to Fourteen.

Section Sixteen to " sixty; and ".

Section Seventeen.

Sections Eighteen to Twenty-two.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

An Act for the more effectual enlightening of the City of Dublin and tit Liberties thereof; and for the erecting of Publick Lights in the othaf Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns in this Kingdom.

' Sections Twenty-seven to Thirty-seven.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting W continuing to His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with W words, — Great Britain.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting $ His Majesty a further additional Duty on Wine, — and ends with the roar*

— together with the Interest thereof.

An Act to perpetuate with Amendments a Clause in an Act passed in tn Ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled "ojt " Act for the more effectual assigning of Judgments, and for the ©0lfi speedy recovery of Rents by Distress."

An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employing to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled | An Act to prevent " the further growth of Popery."

An Act for granting to His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, and Imp0®' tions therein expressed, to be applied to pay an Interest at the Rate of M Pounds per Centum per Annum for the several Sums therein provided " and towards the discharge of the said Principal Sums.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for encouragement of Engl'-Protestant Schools.

1879.

Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879.

Ch. 24.

53

1 Geo. 3. — cont. c. 7.

c. 9. in part.

c. 11.

c. 12. c. 13.

c. 14. in part.

c. 16. c. 17. in part.

3 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2.

e. 3.

c. 4. c. 9.

c. 11.

c. 12. c. 13.

c. 14.

c. 16. in part.

c. 19. in part.

c. 20. c. 21.

c. 22.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing and amending an Act intituled An Act for better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, — and ends with the words, — continued thereby.

An Act to prevent the counterfeiting Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Gold, Silver, and Silk, and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread.

Section Seven.

Section Eight so far as it relates to the appropriation of penalties, and from " wherein no essoign to the end of the Section.

Section Eleven.

An Act to prevent Abuses committed by Justices of Peace acting under the Charters of Cities and Towns Corporate.

An Act for the security of Protestant Purchasers.

An Act for quieting the Possessions of Protestants deriving under Converts from the Popish Religion.

An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the vending, preparing, and administering Drugs and Medicines.

Section Twenty-three so far as it relates to the appropriation of penalties, and Section Twenty-five from " and that this present " to the eiid of the Section.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Sections One, Two, Six to Nine, Eleven to Eighteen, Twenty, Twenty-two to Twenty-four, arid Twenty-eight.

An Act the title of which begins with the words — An Act for granting and continuing to His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with the words, — Great Britain.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, and Impositions therein expressed, — and ends with the words, — the said Principal Sums.

An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices- or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled " An Act to prevent " the further growth of Popery."

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

An Act for explaining an Act intituled "An Act for better supplying the "'.City of Dublin with Com and Flourand also an Act intituled "An " Act for amending an Act intituled ‘ An Act for better supplying the " ‘ City of Dublin with Corn and Flour.' "

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for altering and amending an Act intituled " An Act for amending an Act intituled ‘ An " * Act for encouragement of Tillage,' " — and ends with the words,- — out of this Kingdom for England.

An1 Act for continuing the'encouragement given by former Acts of Parliament to the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures.

An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and the Magistrates of Cities, Boroughs, and Towns Corporate.

An Act for directing the application of the Sum of Eight Thousand Pounds granted to the Dublin Society for the encouragement of such Trades and Manufactures as should be directed by Parliament.

An Act for continuing and amending several temporary Statutes, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Except Sections Fifteen 'and Seventeen.

An Act for indemnifying all such Persons as have been or shall be aiding in the dispersing of Riots and apprehending the Rioters.

Section Two.

An Act for continuing several temporary Statutes.

An Act for continuing and amending two several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in His Majesty's Customs and Excise, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for discharging all Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents, which have been growing due for Twenty Years last past, on the Terms and in the Manner therein mentioned.

"N

3 Geo. 3. — cont. c. 23. c. 25. An Act for the better Preservation of the Game. An Act to amend and explain an Act made in the Thirty-third Year ofn Reign of Henry the Eight, intituled " An Act for Tithes, and for otk " Purposes therein mentioned."

c. 26. An Act for confirming the Titles and for quieting the Possessions of testants, and for giving Time to Converts from Popery to perform 2 requisites of Conformity prescribed by the Laws against Popery.

| c. 28. in part. An Act for better preventing the Severities and unjust Exactions practised t Gaolers against their Prisoners, and for more effectually supporting Pm,; cutions at the Suit of the Crown in Cases of Felony and Treason.

c. 33. Section Eighteen. An Act to prevent Frauds in the tanning of Hides, in the currying of Leatho and the making of Shoes and Boots.

c. 34. in part. 5 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.' Section One. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to Hi Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with the words, — 6m Britain.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to Hi Majesty the several Duties, Rates, and Impositions therein expressed, — ends with the words, — the said Principal Sums.

c.3. An Act to prevent the distilling of Spirits from Wheat, Oats, Bear, Harlc Rye, Meslin, Malt, Beans, and Peas, and from any Potatoes, Meal, or Flot of Wheat, Oats, Bear, Barley, Rye, Meslin, Malt, Beans, or Peas, foil limitted Time.

c. 4. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Corn under certain Restrictions fori limitted Time.

c. 5. An Act for ascertaining the Duty of Excise payable upon the Importation i Brandy, Rum, and Geneva.

c. 6. An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for encouragement of Engli Protestant Schools.

c. 8. An Act to prevent for the future tumultuous risings of Persons within tki Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

ft 11. An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employmen to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled "An Act to prevent t* " further growth of Popery."

c. 12. in part. . An Act for directing the application of the Sum of Eight thousand Fount granted to the Dublin Society for the Encouragement of such Trades tfi Manufactures as should be directed by Parliament. Except Section Seven.

e. 14. in part, c. 15. An Act for more effectually amending the Public Roads. Sections One and Seventeen. An Act for continuing, reviving, and amending several temporary Statute and for empowering the Grand Jury of the County of Kilkenny at w Assizes to increase the yearly Salary of the Treasurer of said County. ,]

c. 16. An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majest Revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds therein, and te other purposes therein mentioned. . .1

c.18. c. 19. c. 20. in part. An Act for the better preservation of Com. An Act for the further encouragement of Tillage in this Kingdom. . An Act for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals int* Kingdom. Section Four, as to the qualification of Surgeons; Sections Five, Twb| and Fifteen, as to the application of the Moneys thereby grants Sections Six and Eleven.

c. 21. in part. An Act for the better regulating of Trials in Cases of High Treason uu» the Statute of the Twenfy-fifth of Edward the Third. Section One.

c. 23. .7 Geo. 3, c, 1. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors. An Act the title of which begins with the. words, — An Act for granting His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with the words, — Britain.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to P* Majesty the several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends * the words, — therein is directed.

Geo. 3. — cont. c. 3. c. 4. in part. An Act for limitting the Duration of Parliaments. An Act to enable Grand Juries to raise by presentment Money for discharging the Rents' of Court-houses, Gaols, and Offices for keeping the Records of the respective Counties, and for other purposes. Section One.

c. 5. An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign intituled " An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors."

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue, amend, and make more effectual an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the .Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, — and ends with the words, — decayed Barracks.

c. 8. in part. An Act to amend an Act made the last Session of Parliament, for the erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom. . Section Three.

c. 9. in part. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Second Year of His Majesty King George the First entitled " An Act for the real Union " and Division of Parishes, and for other purposes therein mentioned." Section Two.

c. 12. An Act to explain and amend the Laws made for the better supplying the City of Dublin with Com and Flour.

c. 14. An Act for the further explaining and amending an Act entitled " An Act " to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the Marching of Soldiers; " and for providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers in their March."

c. 15. in part. An Act for directing the application of the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds granted to the Dublin Society for the encouragement of such Trades and Manufactures as should be directed by Parliament. Except Sections Nine and Ten.

c. 16. An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intitled " An Act to prevent the " further growth of Popery."

c. 1<>. An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

c. 20. in part. An Act for continuing, reviving, and amending several temporary Statutes, and other purposes therein mentioned.

c. 21. Except Section Eleven. An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign entitled " An Act to amend and explain an Act made in the " Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Henry the Eighth entitled ‘ An Act , " 1 for Tythes, and for other purposes therein mentioned.' "

c. 24. s An Act for the encouragement of Tillage and Navigation by granting a Bounty on the carriage of Corn coastways.

c. 27. An Act for the further improvement of His Majesty's Revenue, and for continuing and amending several Acts therein particularly mentioned.

o.28. 9 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act to amend an Act made for the better preservation of Corn. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with the words, — Great Britain.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends with the words, — therein is directed.

11 Geo. 3.. c. 1. c. 2. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes, and for other purposes.

c. 3. An Act for allowing further Time ta Persons in Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intituled " An Act to prevent " the further growth of Popery."

c. 4. An Act for directing the application of the Sum of Twenty-eight thousand eight hundred Pounds granted the last Session of Parliament, to be applied to such Publick Works and other purposes as should be directed by Parliament.

c. 5. An Act to prevent Combinations to raise the Price of Coals in the City of Dublin.

c.6. in part. An Act to prevent the pernicious Practice of burning Bricks within the Cify ' of Dublin or the neighbourhood thereof. Section Three, so far as it relates to the appropriation of penalties; Section Four.

11 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 7.

in part.

c. 8. c. 10.

c. 11. c. 13.

ll&12 Geo.3. c.l.

c. 2.

c. 3. c. 4.

c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 9. c. m

in part.

c. 12'. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16.

c. 17. in part.

.. c. 19.

c. 21. in part, c. 22. c. 25. in part.

An Act for punishing such Persons as shall do Injuries and Violences to the Persons or Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, with intent to hinder the Exportation of Com.

Section Two, from " and if any " to the end of the Section; Section Three.

An Act to repeal an Act entitled " An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with " respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons."

An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the choice of Members to serve in j Parliament in the rooms of such Members as shall die during the recess of Parliament.

An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from Foreign Parts into Ireland, and to hinder the Spreading of Infection.

An Act for continuing certain Laws heretofore made for the Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue, and thp more effectual prevention of: Frauds therein.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto! His Majesty an additional Duty on the several Commodities, — and ends!

with the words, — Great Britain.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends with the words, — as therein directed.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for encouragement of English I

Protestant Schools.

An Act for granting and continuing to His Majesty the several Duties, I Rates, and Impositions therein mentioned, for the use of the Corpora- tion for promoting and carrying on an Inland Navigation in Ireland.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending and I explaining a proviso or clause contained in an Act passed in the Four- teenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, — and I ends with the words, — Rates hereunto annexed.

' An Act for the. further Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue, and the f more effectual preventing of Frauds therein; and for continuing and amend-1 .ing several Laws heretofore made and now in force relative to His Majesty's I said Revenue.

An Act for the better preventing of Frauds committed by persons claiming I the Bounties for supplying the City of Dublin with Corn and Flour.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for better regulating I the Foundling Hospital and Workhouse in the City of Dublin, — and ends [ with the words, — Court of Conscience.

Except Sections Sixty-five, Sixty-eight, Seventy-one, and Seventy-two. I

An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of [ Parliament.

An Act for preventing the spreading of Fires, and for appointing of Watches I in Cities and Towns Corporate.

An Act for the Relief of Poor Infants who are or shall be deserted by'their I Parents.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for erecting Paro- [ chial Chapels of Ease in Parishes Of large extent, — and ends smith the words, t

, — Perpetual Cures.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for rendering more I effectual the several Laws for the better enabling the Clergy having Cure | of Souls to reside upon their Benefices, — and ends with the words, — King- t dom of Ireland.

Sections Twelve and Thirteen.

An Act for reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes that have | lately expired, and for continuing others that are near expiring.

An Act to encourage the reclaiming of unprofitable bogs.

Section One.

An Act to prevent burying Dead Bodies in Churches.

An Act for amending an Act for the better regulation of Partnerships to j encourage the Trade and Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Section Five, from " shall not " to the end of the Section.

11 & 12 Geo. 3. — cont..

c. 27. c. 29. c. 30.

c. 32. c. 33.

13&14 Geo.3. c.l.

c. 2.

c. 3. c. 4.

c. 5.

c. 6.

. c. 7.

c. 8.

c. 9. c. 11.

c. 13.

c. 17,

c. 18.

c. 19. c. 20.

c. 22. in part.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act' for explaining and amending an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, — and ends with the words, — Protestant Religion.

An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intitled " An Act to prevent the " further growth of Popery."

An Act for badging such Poor as shall be found unable to support themselves by Labour, and otherwise providing for them, and for restraining such as shall be found able to support themselves by Labour or Industry from begging.

An Act for the Relief of several Insolvent Debtors named in the annexed Schedules. . '

An Act for regulating the Journeymen Taylors and Journeymen Shipwrights of the City of Dublin and the Liberties thereof and of the County of Dublin.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with the words, — Great Britain.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends with the words, — as shall be directed by Parliament.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon the several Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal an Act intitled " An Act for the more effectual punishing," — and ends with the words, — certain Offenders therein mentioned.

An Act for granting Annuities in the manner therein provided to- such Persons as shall voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-five thousand Pounds.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in this Session of Parliament entitled " An Act for granting Annuities in the Manner therein " provided to such Persons as shall voluntarily subscribe towards the " raising a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-five " thousand Pounds."

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectual preventing Frauds therein. t

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for the encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second entitled " An Act for the " further encouragement of Tillage."

An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intitled " An Act to prevent the " further growth of Popery."

An Act for granting to His Majesty,-His Heirs and Successors, the yearly , Sums therein mentioned, and for the better support of the Foundling Hospital and Workhouse of the City of Dublin, and for increasing the Fund thereof.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the better regulating the Office of County Treasurers, and the Duty of Clerks of the Crown in respect of Presentments, — and ends with the words, — the said Court-house.

An Act for the better and more certain Valuation of Houses in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns.

An Act for amending the Laws relative to the lighting and cleansing of several Cities, and for establishing of Market Juries therein; and for other Purposes.

An Act for paving the Streets, Lanes, Quays, Bridges, Squares, Courts, and Alleys within the City and County of the City of Dublin, and other Purposes relative to the said City of Dublin, and other Places therein particularly mentioned.

Section Twenty-three.

13&14 Geo. 3. — cont. c. 23.' c.25. An Act for the better regulation of the Admission and Practice of Attorni^ An Act for amending an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Hii present Majesty intitled " An Act for confirming the Titles and for quietim " the Possession of Protestants, and for giving Timie to Converts from " Popery to perform the Requisites of Conformity prescribed by the La«i " against Popery."

c. 26. An Act for enforcing a due Execution of the Laws relative to Tumpib Roads in this Kingdom.

c. 32. in part, c. 37. c. 38. An Act for amending the Publick Roads. Section One. An Act for preventing Frauds in the Measurement of Lime. An Act to prevent the Importation of Wines in Casks under the Size Thirty-one Gallons, except as herein excepted.

c. 41. in part. An Act for reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes, and ti . prevent the destructive Practice of trawling for Fish in the Bay of Dublin,! Sections Two to Eleven.

c.42. in part. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary statutes,Mj-for other Purposes therein mentioned. Sections One to Five.

c. 44. An Act to amend an Act passed the last Session of Parliament intitled "Ai " Act for the Relief of the Insolvent Debtors named in the armed

c. 46. in part. " Schedules." An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending an Ad made the last Session of Parliament, entitled " An Act for badging sud Poor," — and ends with the words, — from begging. Sections One to Eleven.

15&16 Geo.3. c. 1. Section Twenty-one. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting until-His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ed with the words, — as are therein mentioned.!

c. 2. An Act for granting Annuities in the Manner therein provided to such Person! as shall voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a Sum not exceeding tht;' Sum of One hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds.

c, 3. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon the seven!) Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned.

c. 4. An Act to prevent Frauds in obtaining the Premiums for Flax Seed importer into this Kingdom. |

c. 5. An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments fcj qualify themselves, pursuant to an Act entitled " An Act to prevent thcj " further growth of Popery."

c. 7. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty! entitled " An Act for continuing the Encouragement given by former Act, " of Parliament to the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures."

c. 8. An Act for granting unto His Majesty an additional Duty on the sevor Commodities,* Goods, and Merchandizes therein mentioned, and for pwj hibiting the Importation of all Gold and Silver Lace, and of all Cambricbl and Lawns, except of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

c. 9. Aji Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, severe Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

c. 10. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for explainM; an Act entitled " An Act for granting unto His Majesty an addition*) " Duty on the several Commodities," — and ends with the words, — Great Britain. >' 1

c. 11. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain amend an Act made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His prese®. Majesty entitled " An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Common®! [ — and ends with the words, — summoned to Parliament.

c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing Jf Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of of present Majesty entitled " An Act to explain and amend an Act made1* " the Third Year," — and ends with the words, — for other Purposes.

c. IS. An Act for the improvement of His Majesty's Revenue, and the effectual preventing of Frauds therein; and for continuing and amendiw several Laws heretofore made and now in force relative to His Majesty said Revenue.

Ch. 2 4>.

59

Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879.

'15 & 16 Geo. 3. —

cont.

c. 18.

c. 19. c. 23.

c. 25.

c. 26. in part.

c. 29.

c. 30.

c. 32.

c. 34.

c. 35.

16 Geo. 3/c. 1.

17&18 Geo.3. c.l.

c. 2.

c. 3. c. 4. c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 11.

c. 13. c. 14. o. 16.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for the encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

An Act for the Improvement of the Fisheries of this Kingdom.

An Act for the Relief of the Out-Pensioners of the Hospital of King Charles the Second for Antient and Maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's Reign entitled "An Act for better Regulating the Foundling Hospital and " Workhouse in the City of Dublin," — and ends with the words, — Court of Conscience.

An Act for encouraging the cultivation and for [the better Preservation of Tree's, Shrubs, Plants, and Roots.

Section One.

An Act for regulating of Trials of Peers or Peeresses in Cases of Capital Offences.

An Act for continuing an Act entitled " An Act for the further preventing " Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament."

An Act for reviving, amending, and continuing several temporary Statutes, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to prohibit the burning of Lime or Limestones in any Limekiln which had not been erected before the Twenty-fourth day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

An Act the title of which begins with the words,- — An Act for amending an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's Reign entitled "An Act for badging such Poor," — and endswith the words, — County of Londonderry.

An Act for continuing an Act intituled " An Act for allowing further Tune " to Persons in Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to " an Act intituled £ An Act to prevent the further growth of Popery.' "

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with the words, — Great Britain.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends with the words, — Purposes as are therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon the several Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned.

An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act intitled " An Act to prevent the " further growth of Popery."

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for the encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

An Act to continue an Act entitled " An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty entitled f An Act for continuing " ‘ the Encouragement given by former Acts of Parliament to the Flaxen " i and Hempen Manufactures.' "

An Act for the improvement of His Majesty'js Revenue and the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein; and for continuing and amending several Laws heretofore made and now in force relative thereto.

An Act to authorize for a limited Time the Punishment by Hard Labour of Offenders who for certain Crimes are or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations..

An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present, Majesty's Reign entitled "An Act to prevent Malicious " Cutting and Wounding, and to punish Offenders called Chalkers.",

An Act for establishing a Militia in this Kingdom.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtdrs.

An Act for granting and continuing to His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, and Impositions therein mentioned, for the use _ of the Corporation for Promoting and Carrying on an Inland Navigation in Ireland.

17 & 18 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 18.

c. .21. in part.

c. 23. c. 24. c. 25. c. 27.

c. 29.

c. 30.

c. 31.

c. 32.

c. 34.

c. 36. in part, c. 41.

c. 42. c. 45. in part.

c. 49. in part.

19 & 20 Geo. 3.

c. 1.

; C. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4. c. 5. in part.

c. 6.

An Act for the farther Encouragement of the-Whale Fisheries carried on fro* Ireland.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Rei» of His present Majesty entitled " An Act for the better Regulation of jL " Linen and Hempen Manufactures."

Sections One and Eight.

An Act to amend an Act entitled " An Act for enforcing a due Execution if " the Laws relative to Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom."

An Act to prevent the mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within tin City of Dublin and Liberties thereof.

An Act to explain the Statute of the Twenty-eighth Year of Henry the Eightl) entitled " The Act of Faculties."

An Act to direct the Application of the Sum of Five thousand Poundi* granted this Session to the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament1 for making wide and convenient Passages through the City of Dublin, and for the further Improvement thereof.

An Act for explaining a Doubt arising upon the Laws for supplying the Citj of Dublin with Corn and Flour; and also for lessening .the Expenses of supplying the said City with the Articles aforesaid.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His preset Majesty's Reign entitled " An Act to oblige Ships- more effectually to po- form their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague beinj " brought from Foreign Parts into Ireland, and to hinder the spreading d " Infection."

An Act for*continuing an Act entitled " An Act for amending an Act passed " in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George' " the Second entitled ‘ An Act for the further encouragement of Tillage.1!

An Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, and preventing Fraudij and Impositions in the Sale of Flour, Meal, Beer, Ale, Potatoes, Butcher's! Meat, and other Articles sold by Weight or Measure in the County of Dublin]

An Act for the encouragement of Tillage, and rendering the Carriage of Com to the City of Dublin less expensive.

An Act for reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes.

Except Section Eight to " within this Kingdom."

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, c.ertaiij Duties therein contained, and for the further advancement of the Trade off this Kingdom.

An Act for the advancement of the Trade of this Kingdom.

An Act for the amendment of the Law with respect to Outlawries, returning Special Juries, and the future Effects of Bankrupts in certain cases. Sections Three to Ten.

An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Subjects of this Kingdom professing! the Popish Religion.

Except Section Eleven.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unfcl His Majesty an .additional Duty on Beer, — ?and ends with the words, — Great!

Britain.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unW His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and with the, words, — Purposes as are therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs-and Successors, sever*1!

Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

An Act for the advancement of the Trade of this Kingdom.

An Act for establishing a Lottery, and for granting to His Majesty a Sum® Two hundred thousand Pounds to be raised thereby, and for such oth*1; Purposes as are therein mentioned.

Sections One to Twenty-six, Twenty-eight to Thirty-seven, Forty-thm from "in which no essoign" to the end of the Section, Forty-five, »* I Forty-seven.

An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's faithful Subjects the Protest*? Dissenters of this Kingdom, and to repeal a Clause in the Act of second of Queen Ann intitled "An Act to prevent the further growth j " Popery, as far as the same relates to the Protestant Dissenters."

19 & 20 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 7.

c. 8. c. 9. c. 10.

c. 11. c. 12.

c. 14. c. 15. in part.

c. 16.

c. 17. c. 19. in pan.

c. 22.

' c. 23. c. 28.

c. 30. in part.

c. 31. in part.

c. 33. e. 34.

c. 35. c. 36.

c. 37.

I c. 38. in part.

c. 39. «. 40.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with the words, — the British Plantations.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties upon. Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for the Encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends with the words, — Purposes as are therein mentioned.

An Act for the advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually, preventing of Frauds therein, and for such other Purposes as are therein mentioned.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing several temporary Statutes, and for amending an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, — and ends With the words, — within the said Town and Parish.

Sections One to Three.

An Act for the better Accommodation and Regulation of His Majesty's Army in this Kingdom.

An Act for the better regulating the Com Trade of this Kingdom.

An Act to prevent Combinations, and for the further encouragement of Trade.

Except Sections Fifteen to Seventeen; and Sections Six to Ten so far as they relate to the County of the City of Dublin.

An Act,to amend a Mistake in an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty entitled "An Act for amending the " Public Roads."

An Act for regulating and 'extending the Tobacco Trade.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

An Act for the Relief of Tenants holding under Leases for Lives containing Covenants for Perpetual Renewals.

Section Three.

An Act for licensing and regulating Lottery Offices, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Section Twenty-two. ...

An Act for granting Bounties on the export of certain Species of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of this Kingdom therein enumerated, and for repealing the Bounties on Flax Seed imported, and for encouraging the growth thereof in this Kingdom.

An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitled " An Act " for the encouragement of Tillage, and rendering the carriage of Corn to " the City of Dublin less expensive."

An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which. begins with the words, — An Act for regulating the curing and preparing Provisions, — and ends with the words, — and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to prevent the detestable Practices of houghing Cattle, burning of Houses, Barns, Haggards, and Corn, and for other Purposes.

An Act to prevent vexatious and frivolous Arrests, and for other Purposes.

Sections Two, Four, and Five, so far as it relates to execution against the Person or detention of the Person.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for explaining an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, — and ends with the words, — Popish Priests converted to the Protestant Religion.

An Act for the Relief of Persons in actual custody for Debt.

62 Ch. 24. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vio*'

19 & 20 Geo. 3. —

COM#. 'liM

c. 41. . An Act for empowering Grand Juries to present Bridges and Tolls to be paid

for passing the same in certain Cases, c. 50. An Act for farther enforcing a due Execution of the Laws relative to Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom.

21 & 22 Geo. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to Hij

c. 1. Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, — and ends with the words, — Greati

Britain.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty the several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends with the words, — Purposes as are therein mentioned, c. 3. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, seven!} Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, c. 4. An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for grantinj to His Majesty*, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned, c. 5. An Act for the advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned, c. 6. An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, j His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned, c. 7* An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employment! 1 to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act, intituled " An Act to prevent j " the further growth of Popery." c. 8. An Act to promote the Linen and Hempen Manufacture by encreasing thv Supply of Irish Flax-seed, and encouraging the export of Linens and Sail| cloth, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, c. 9. An Act for regulating Drawbacks and Bounties, preventing export of Manu !

facturing Utensils except to Great Britain, for encouraging the import ol Organized Silk and of other Goods from Places therein named, c. 11. An Act for better securing the Liberty of the Subject, in part. Section Fourteen,

c. 14. An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for the encouragement oil English Protestant Schools, and for such other Purposes as are therein [ mentioned.

c. 15. An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty'll Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein, anil for such other Purposes as are therein mentioned, c. 17. An Act for the Improvement of the City of Dublin by making wide and conve-j nient Passages through the same, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof I c. 18. An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City of Dublin!

and County of Dublin, and for making the Process of the Court Exchequer more effectual against Persons who, being served therewith refuse to appear.

c. 20. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of the King's Debts, in part. Section Twenty-five,

c. 21. An Act for the more effectually preventing the multiplying Votes Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Boroughs, where x Right of Voting is vested in the Protestant Inhabitants in general off

Protestant Inhabitants and others. M

c. 22. | An Act' the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain as1);

amend an Act made in the Nineteenth and .Twentieth Years of His preset Majesty, — and ends with the words, — County of the said City and Liberties thereunto adjoining.

c. 24. An Act for the further Relief of His Majesty's Subjects of this Kingdom! in part. professing the Popish Religion.

Sections Twelve to Fourteen, c. 25. An Act for the Relief of Protestant Dissenters in certain Matters ‘therei® contained.

c. 28. An Act to amend the Laws for the erecting and regulating Free Schools,

c. 30. An Act to remove certain Doubts which have been conceived concern^;

the Construction of Three several Acts of Parliament passed in this King' dom in the Reign of His present Majesty for granting Annuities to sue® Persons as should voluntarily subscribe the Sums therein respective)!

I mentioned.

1879.

Statute La/w Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879.

Ch. 2 4>.

68

21 & 22 Geo. 3. —

cont.

c. 31. c. 33.

c. 34.

c. 35. in part.

o. 36. o. 37.

An Act to enable the Clergy to issue Process or Execution for Debts due for Tithes or Dues under Five Pounds.

An Act to regulate the Qualification of Persons appointed to Offices in this Kingdom wherein Two or more Grantees act under One Grant, Commission, or Appointment.

An Act for the Relief of Sheriffs from whom Prisoners in Execution for Debt shall be rescued in their Removal by virtue of Writs of Habeas Corpus in such Cases where the said Sheriffs shall appear to have been guilty of no Neglect or Default.

An Act for prohibiting the use of Lime in Bleaching, regulating Seal Masters of Linens, encouraging the Home Manufacture of Ashes for Bleachers' use, enlarging and rendering more commodious the Linen Hall in the City of Dublin, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

Section Fifty-four to " null and void."

An Act for the better regulating the Corn Trade of this Kingdom.

An Act to explain and amend the Acts for the encouragement of the Fisheries of this Kingdom, and for Promoting the Good Ends proposed by said

c. 40. in part, c. 41.

c. 42. in part.

c. 43.

c. 44. c. 45.

c. 47.

c. 48. in part.

c. 49. c. 54.

c. 55.

c. 56.

C. 58.

c. 59. c. 61.

c. 62.

23 & 24 Geo. 3.

c. 1.

Laws.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes. Sections One to Seventeen, and Twenty to Twenty-six.

An Act for discharging all Prisoners now confined in the several Gaols of this Kingdom for Fees only.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for enforcing the due Execution of the Laws now in being, — and ends with the words, — Counties of Cities within this Kingdom.

Sections Five and Six.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; as also for the repeal of an Act intituled " An Act for the better Accommodation and Regulation of His Majesty's " Army in this Kingdom."

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act the title of which begins witWthe words, — An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Ye'ars of His present Majesty, — and ends with the words, — support themselves by Labour and Industry from begging.

An Act to regulate the Manner of passing Bills, and to prevent Delays in summoning of Parliaments.

An Act for extending certain of the Provisions contained in an Act intituled " An Act confirming all the Statutes made in England."

Section Three from " and also all such clauses " to " omitting the same.".

An Act for redress of erroneous Judgments, Orders, and Decrees.

An Act to prohibit the ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects of this Kingdom, and of the Merchandize or Goods on board such Ships or Vessels.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to allow the Im-"portation of Goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Saint Christophers,' Nevis, and Montserrat, — and ends with the words, — the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act to permit the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Port or Place, either in America or the West Indies or in Europe, during the present Hostilities.

An Act for sparing to His Majesty, to be drawn out of this Kingdom whenever His Majesty shall think fit, a Force not exceeding Five thousand Men, part _of the Troops appointed to remain in this Kingdom for its defence.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Persons under a certain Description.

An Act to explain and amend an Act intituled *s An Act to prevent vexatious " and frivolous Arrests, and for other Purposes."

An Act to allow Persons professing .the Popish Religion to teach School in this Kingdom, and for regulating the Education of Papists, and also to repeal Parts of certain Laws relative to the guardianship of their Children.

An Act the title of which begins with the words — An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty on Wine, — and ends with the words, — Great Britain.

64

Ch, 24. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 YI(J

23 & 24 Geo. 3. — cont.

c.2.

c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7.

c. 8. c. 9. c. 10.

e. 12. in part.

c. 16. c. 18. c. 19.

c. 20. in part.

c. 21.

c. 22. in part.

c. 23. in part.

c. 25.' c. 29. c. 32.

c. 33.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to (jJ Majesty the several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — ends with the words, — Purposes as are therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, sevw: Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and for granting to His Majesfr His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for the advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty His Heirs and Successors, the Several Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for grant® to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mention^ An Act to promote the Linen and Hempen Manufacture by encreasing thf Supply of Irish Flax Seed, and encouraging the export of Linens and Sail Cloth, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment «| the Army and their Quarters, within this Kingdom.

An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for indemnifying aud: Persons as have acted for the Service of the Publick in advising or carryinj; into execution a Proclamation, — and ends with the words, — bearing date the Ninth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three. 1 An Act for the issuing Treasury Bills to the Amount therein mentiond: for the purpose of promoting Manufactures by providing for the Settleman of a Number of Industrious Manufacturers at Prosperous, in the County: of Kildare.

Except Sections Eight and Nine.

An Act for Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves accord] ing to Law.

An Act for granting' to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a furtkl additional Duty on imported Hops, and other Duties therein mentioned. An Act for regulating the Corn Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and steady Supply of Corn in this Kingdom, and for grant® to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.] An Act for the more effectually Punishing such Persons as shall by Violent* obstruct the Freedom of Com Markets and the Com Trade; or who shall be guilty of other Offences therein mentioned,' and for making Satisfaction to the Parties injured.

Section Thirteen.

An Act for Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for the encouragement^ English Protestant Schools.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for better securinfj the Monies and Effects of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, — and Wi with the words, — Money or Effects, and for other Purposes.

Section One to " imposed by Act of Parliament."

Sections Five, Six, Eight, Eleven to Sixteen; Section Seventeen, tW words " and Court of Exchequer, or either of them "; Section-! Eighteen' and Nineteen; Section Twenty, the words " and Court o* Exchequer " occurring twice. I

An Act to regulate the Assay of Gold, and promote the manufacture of Gol* and Silver Wares in this Kingdom.

Sections One, Two, Thirty-one, Thirty-four, Thirty-eight to Forty. I Section Forty-one from " wherein no essoign " to " suing for the same-1 Section Forty-five.

An Act for regulating the import of Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmeg*!

and for the better collecting the Duties thereon. ]

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty!

Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein. .] An Act for continuing an Act entitled An Act for facilitating the Trad " and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the.United States of Aclt " rica, and for furthering the said Trade and Intercourse." j

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for directing t* Application of the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, — and ends with Vi words, — Manufactures of Iron or Copper.

23 & 24 Geo. 3. —

cont.

o, 34. in part.

c. 35. c. 36.

c. 37.

c. 39. in part.

c. 41. in part.

c. 47.

c. 49. in part.

c. 54. c. 55.

c. 56.

c. 58.

25 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 4 c. 5

c. 7. c. 8. c. 9. c. 10.

Wo. 5.

An Act for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony or other Crimes who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation respecting their. Fees, and giving a Recompence for such Fees.

Except as to the County of the .City of Dublin.

An Act to prevent the pernicious Practice of erecting Glass Houses within the City of Dublin or a certain Distance thereof.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty entitled " An Act for the further preventing " Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament."

An Act the title .of which begins with the words, — An Act for indemnifying such Person or Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, — and ends with the words, — Twenty-seventh day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

An Act to amend the Laws for the encouragement of planting Timber Trees. Section Twenty.

An Act foi* altering, amending/and rendering more effectual the Laws now in being for regulating and managing the publick Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom.

Sections Sixteen, Seventeen, and Eighteen:

An Act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents which have been growing due for Twenty Years last past on the Terms and in the Manner therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for making appropriate Parishes belonging to Archbishops and .Bishops Perpetual Cures, — and ends with the words, — and to build on their respective Glebe Lands. Section Nine.

An Act for reviving and continuing temporary Statutes.

An Act to remove Doubts and Scruples with respect to the Construction of an Act passed in this Kingdom in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, entitled " An Act for reducing the Interest of Money to " Six per Cent:"

An Act for the more effectual Discovery and Prosecution of Offenders called Houghers, and for the Support and Maintenance of Soldiers or others houghed, maimed, and disabled by such Offenders.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, — and ends with the words, — Labour or Industry from begging, and to extend the Pro- , visions thereof.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty on Wine, — and ends with the words, — Great Britain:

An Act the title of ..which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty the several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends with the words, — Purposes as are therein mentioned.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upon Malt.

An Act for the Advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned upon Coffee.

An Act for granting certain Duties upon Licenses, to be taken out by the several Persons therein mentioned.

Ar\ Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties on Carriages, .

An Act for explaining and amending an Act for regulating the Corn Trade,

. promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and. steady Supply of Corn in this Kingdom, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

Price 2 o(.] E

Ch.

25 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 11.

c. 12.

c. 13. c. 14.

c» 15.

c. 16. c. 17.

' c. 18.

c. 19.

c. 20. c. 22. c. 23. c. 24. c. 25. c. 26. c. 27. c. 28. c. 29.

e. 30.

c. 32.

c. 34.

C. 36'. in part.

' c. 38.

An Act to promote the Linen and Hempen Manufacture, by encreasing (J Supply of Irish Flax Seed, and encouraging the export of Linens and Sjj Cloth, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Duties therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting (k Sum of Four thousand Pounds to the Persons and for the Purposes thotj, mentioned, — and ends with the words, — Flaxen and Hempen Manufacture!,! An Act for the better encouragement of Trade, by regulating the payment^ Bounties, and exempting them from Fees.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting tlj Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds to the Speaker' of the House of Com.' mons, — and ends with the words, — or any Four of them, for the Purpo^ therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words,- — An Act for further con, tinuing an Act, entitled, " An Act for facilitating the Trade and Inter, course ", — and ends with the words, — " of the British Plantations or Grat Britain."

An Act for granting the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds to the Incorporate!!

Society, for supporting the-Protestant Charter Schools of this Kingdom, j An Act to prevent the Practice of seducing Artificers and Manufacturers o| this Kingdom, and of exporting the several Tools and Utensils made wt of in preparing and working up the Manufactures thereof, into Parts beyote the Seats.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, sever* Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managiij the Stamp Duties.

. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting t His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon tk Portage,; — and ends with the words, — An Act for establishing a Post Ois within this Kingdom.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, petty Chapmen, and othft Persons.

An Act for granting the Sum of Eight thousand six hundred Pounds to tij Corporation for Relief of the Poor in the City of Dublin.

An Act for granting the Sum of One thousand Pounds to the Governors* the Hibernian School, for the support of that Charity.

An Act for granting the Sum of Three thousand Pounds to the Lorf Chancellor and Chief Judges for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for granting the Sum of One thousand Pounds to the Hibernirf Marine Society, towards supporting the said Charity.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Board <1 First Fruits, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Dublii;

Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for "the better Payment* the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act for granting the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds to the Govern*! of the Foundling Hospital and Workhouse, for the Purposes therein tioned. '

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duty therein mentioned, to * paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themself according to Law.

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majestf Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein. I An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty George the First,' ends with the words, — for extending the Provisions thereof.

. Section One.

Section Four from "in which no essoign " to the end of the Section, f Section Six from " and to be applied " to the end of the Section. * An Act to remedy the Inconveniencies which arise to ecclesiastical Pers|)"' from the Loss of their Titles and Certificates of their other Qualification

25 Geo. 3. — cont. c. 43. in part. An Act for the completing and effectually Lighting and Watching of Rutland Square, and for the better Support and Maintenance of the Hospital for the Relief of poor Lying-in Women in the City of Dublin, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Section Eleven.

c. 44. An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Manor Courts within this Kingdom, and for regulating the Costs of Proceedings for that Purpose therein.

c. 45. tis 46. An Act for amending the Laws for regulating Lottery Offices. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

c. 47. in part. An Act for amending the several Laws relating to the Registering of Wills and Deeds in the Registry Office of this Kingdom, and for the better regulating and conducting the Business of the said Office. Section One.

c. 48. Section Two. Section Three from " That so much " to " is hereby repealed; and ". An Act for granting the Sums of Twenty thousand Pounds, Five thousand Pounds, and Four thousand Pounds, to certain Trustees, and for promoting the several Manufactures therein named.

o.49. in part. An Act to explain and amend, the several Acts made in this Kingdom to encourage the building of Houses, and making other Improvements on Church Lands, and for other Purposes. ' Section Six.

c. 50. in part, c. 51. An Act for the better Support and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital. Sections One, Two, Six, and Seven. ' ( An Act for preventing vexatious Injunctions to stay Proceedings at Law, and for giving Costs to Defendants in Courts of Equity in certain Cases.

c. 54. c. 57. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending sevefal temporary Statutes. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Hay from this Kingdom for a limited Time.

c. 59. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, entitled, " An Act for ascertaining the Qualifications of such Persons as shall take out Commissions of the Peace for the Counties at large."

c. 60. An Act for repealing an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, " An Act for Regulating " the Measures made use of in Buying and Selling of Corn, and for pro- mOting Husbandry in this Kingdom."

c. 61. An Act for directing the Application of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, granted to the Dublin Society, for the Encouragement of Manufactures, Arts, and Sciences.

c. 62. in part. An Act to explain and amend several Laws now in Force for the Encouragement of Agriculture. Sections One to Eleven.

26 Geo. 3, c. 1. Section Twelve from " every archbishop " to " bishop respectively, and to " and for ", and from " the successors of every such " to " respectively, " and against." Sections Sixteen to Twenty-three. .. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty on Wine, — and ends with the words, — Great Britain.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty the several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends with the words, — Purposes as are therein mentioned.

c. 3. An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upon Malt.

' 0. 4 . An Act to promote the Linen and Hempen Manufacture, by encreasing the Supply of Irish Flax Seed, and encouraging the Export of Linens and Sailcloth, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

c. 5. An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned. E 2 4

26 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 10.

c. IV.

c. 12.

c. 13. c. 15.

c. 16, c. 18. c. 21.

c. 24. in part.

c. 25.

c. 34. c. 35.

c. 43. in part.

c. 44. c. 45.

c. 46.

c. 47. c. 48. c. '49.

An Act for regulating the Tobacco Trade, and for granting to His Majeah His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the seven)!

Duties therein mentioned upon Coffee.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties on Carriages.

An Act for the Advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, Hj Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for granting certain Duties upon Licences, to be taken out bjl the several Persons therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duty therein mentioned, to foi paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain! Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters anji Packets within this Kingdom, and for the Purposes therein mentioned. I An Act for Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, petty Chapmen, and other: Persons.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, seven]' Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managml the Stamp Duties.

An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment i the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His MajestjV Revenue, and for the more effectuallypreventing of Frauds therein, ani for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the better Execoi tion of the Law-within the City of Dublin, and certain Parts adjacent thereto! — and ends with the words, — improving the Police of the City of Dublin. I Except Sections Sixty-four to Sixty-Six, and Section Seventy-four.

An Act for applying Ten thousand Pounds, being part of Seventy-oK; thousand six hundred Pounds, granted this Session of Parliament, for tlx; Advancement of Fisheries, Trade, and Manufactures.

An Act for the more effectually promoting Partnerships in Trade, by amendim the Laws respecting the same.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, entitled " An Act for the preventing Frauds " in the Measurement of Lime."

An Act to establish the Business of a Pawnbroker, and to authorize sud; Persons as shall be duly qualified to carry on the same, to lend Money A ' Pawns or Pledges, and to receive. Interest at a higher Rate than heretofa| was recoverable by Law.

Section Three.

Section Eight, from." and if within " to "justices shall seem proper." [ Sections Seventeen, Nineteen, Twenty, and Forty-five.

Sections Five, Ten, Thirteen, Fifteen, Sixteen, Eighteen, Twenty-on*} Twenty-nine, Thirty, Thirty-two, Thirty-five, and Forty-two, so far *' they relate to the appropriation of penalties.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themseW according to Law.

An Act to enable the Grand Juries .of the several Counties, Counties^ Cities, and Counties of Towns within this Kingdom, to grant such SM as shall be necessary for building and repairing Bridewells therein.

An Act for granting the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds to certain Trusty for distributing Bounties, and promoting the several Manufactures there*1 named.

An Act for granting the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds to the Incorporate Society for supporting the Protestant Charter Schools of this Kingdom' An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds'to the Dublin SocW for. the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for granting the Sum of Three thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancel!* and Chief Judges, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ch. 24.

69

Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879.

26 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 50. in part.

c. 51.

c. 52.

c. 53.

c. 54.

c. 55.

c. 57. in part.

27 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3. c. 4.

c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 9.

c. 10.

c. 11.

c. 12, . c. 13.

. c. 14.

c. 15. in part.

c. 16.

c. 17.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, entitled, "An Act for the Protection " and Improvement of the Inland Fisheries of this Kingdom."

Section Eight to " is hereby repealed."

An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Governors of the Foundling Hospital agd Workhouse for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for granting the Sum of Eight thousand six hundred Pounds to the Corporation for the Relief of the Poor in the City of Dublin.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Board of First Fruits for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for granting the Sum of One thousand Pounds to the Governors of the Hibernian School for the Support of that Charity.

An Act for granting the Sum of One thousand Pounds to the Hibernian Marine Society towards supporting the said Charity.

An Act regulating the Stages in the City and County of Dublin.

Section Two from " one moiety " to " sue for the same ", and from * in " which no essoign " to the end of the Section.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty on Wines, — and ends with the words, — and the British Plantations.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty the several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends with the words, — Purposes as are therein mentioned.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,' certain Duties upon Malt.

An Act to promote the Linen.and Hempen Manufacture, by encreasing the Supply of Irish Flax Seed, and encouraging the Export of Linens and Sail Cloth, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for the Advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned'.

An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned upon Coffee.

An Act for granting certain Aids, Duties, and Impositions to His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, for a time therein mentioned, and for giving . effect to a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the Most Christian King.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs.and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties. ;

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and other Persons.

An Act for granting the Sum of Seventeen thousand Pounds to certain Trustees for distributing Bounties, and promoting the several manufactures therein named.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upon Carriages.

An Act to prevent tumultuous Risings and Assemblies, and for the more effectual punishment of- persons guilty of Outrage, Riot, and illegal Combination, and of Administering and taking unlawful Oaths.

Section Eleven.

Section Twelve from " and that this Act " to the end of the Section.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act for granting certain Duties upon Licenses to be taken out by the # several Persons therein mentioned.

70

27 Geo. 3

Ch. 24. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1869* 42 & 43 Vict

. — cont. c. 18.

c. 19. j

c .22.

c. 24.

c. 25. in part.

' c. 26.

c. 27.

c. 29.

c. 30.

c. 33.

c. 35. in part.

I 36. I

c. 38. c. 39.

c. 40. |

.. c.41. | in part.

c. 42. ! c. 44. c. 4/.

| 48.

1 49.

An Act for granting the Sum of Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees o(!

the Linen Manufacture, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for granting the Sum of Six thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancellor and Chief Judges for the purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, entitled "An Act for the moJ " speedy and eqpy I^eeovery of small Debts ift the Manor Courts withy " this Kingdom, and for regulating the Costs of Proceedings for that " purpose therein."

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duty therein mentioned to be paid S to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

An Act for promoting the Improvement of Ports and Harbours in this King.! dom.

Except Sections Nine and Ten.

An Act for the better Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and for the coiJ tinuation and amendment of several Laws heretofore made for that Purpose,! An Act to prevent the'Forging, Selling, or otherwise improperly Disposing of Mediterranean Passes.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the several Duties therein mentioned,!

and for the better regulation of Lottery Offices.

An Act for directing the application of the Funds granted by Parliament fot promoting and carrying on Inland Navigations in this Kingdom, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue to grant) repayments of certain Duties on Portugal and Spanish Wines in certain! cases.

An Act for the Preservation of the Game.

Sections One, Two, Five, Six, Seven, Nine, Fourteen, Fifteen, ail;

Twenty-one.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable si; Ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, Rectors, Vicars, and Curates, and Im-j propriators, — and ends with the words, — Persons who were liable to tfei same.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for fthe bettaK regulation of Hackney Carriages, — and ends with the words, — to the Commissioners of Police.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year oil His present Majesty's Reign entitled " An Act for amending, and carrying! a more effectually into force, the several Laws now in being for regulating! " the Public Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom."

An Act for the better Execution of the Law, and Preservation of the Peactl within Counties at large.

An Act for amending and making perpetual an Act, entitled " An Act foil " buying and selling all sorts of Corn and Meal, and other Things therein I " mentioned, by Weight, and for the more effectual preventing of Fraudil " committed in the buying and selling thereof."

Section One.

Section Two, the words "to be paid the Informer."

An Act to prevent Frauds in obtaining Bounties under several Laws now inf force for the'Encouragement of-Agriculture, and for rendering the carriage! of Corn to the City of Dublin less expensive.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain and amend! an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty,-'! and ends with the words, — Labour or Industry from begging.

An Act for continuing an Act, entitled " An Act for facilitating the Trad* " and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States »

America."

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign,' — and end*; with the words, — hinder the spreading of Infection.

An Act for amending an Act, entitled "An Act for discharging certai® " Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents, which have been growi®! " due. for Twenty Years last past, on the Terms, and in the manner therei" " mentioned."

1879

27 Ga

28 Gf

0. 3, — cont. c. 50. An Act for the support and encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland' Seas and Davis's Streights.

c. 51. An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves

c. 52. in part. according to Law. An Act to punish more effectually Persons who shall steal any old Lead, Iron Bars or Rails, or Iron or Brass Knockers. Section Five.

c. 54. An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the purposes therein mentioned.

c. 55. An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned for certain pious and

c. 56. charitable Purposes. An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned for certain Public Uses, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 57. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — Labour or Industry from begging.

0. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty on Wines, — and ends with the words, — and the British Plantations.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty the several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — and ends with the words, — Purposes as are therein mentioned.

c. 3. An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upon Malt.

c. 4. An Act for the advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned.

c. 5. An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

c. 6. An Act for regulating the Sugar. Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

c. 7. An Act for regulating the Coffee Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned upon Coffee.

c. 9. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

c. 10. An Act for granting certain Aids, -Duties, and Impositions, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Time therein mentioned, and for continuing the Effect of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation concluded between His Majesty and the most Christian King.

c. 11. An Act for Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, petty Chapmen, and other Persons.

c. 12. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of this Kingdom, to appoint Commissioners, — and ends with the words, — for the other Purposes herein mentioned.

c. 16. An Act for granting certain Duties upon Licenses, to "be taken out by the several Persons therein mentioned.

0.17. An Act for granting unto His Majesty, Tiis Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upon Carriages.

c. 18. An Act for continuing an Act, entitled "An Act for facilitating the Trade " and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of " America." i

c. 19. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment Of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

c. 20. An Act for granting the Sum of Six thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancellor ' and Chief Judges for the Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 21. An Act for granting the Sum of Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture.

c. 22. An Act for granting the. Sum of Five .thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society for the Purposes therein mentioned.

72

Ch.

28 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 2 3:$

c. 24. in part.

c. 26.

c. 29. c. 30.

c. 31.

c. 32.

c. Si.

c. 35. c. 36. *sic. c. 40.

c. 41. c. 42. c. 44.

c. 45.

c. 46.

c. 49. .in part.

29 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3. c. 4. c. 5.

24. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 ytJ

*9

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duty therein mentioned, to u paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign J King Henry the Eighth, entitled " An Act for the Election of the iJl " Justice, and also for the Election of a Lord Justice and Governor of 3 " Realm upon the Event, and in the Manner therein mentioned." *9 Sections Four and Five.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement by Bounties to the aevenij Manufactures therein named for a certain and limited Time.

An Act for the better ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp.

An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned for certain Pious ay Charitable Purposes.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law in certain Particulars therein lyJ tioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eight!,! — and ends with the words, — Courts of the Archbishops within the same. 1 An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds against His Majesty's Revenmi and for continuing and amending the several Acts of Parliament thenaj mentioned.

An Act for the better securing of Purchasers of Lands, under Decrees hi Courts of Eguity.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Yearsrf! His present Majesty, George the Third, entitled " An Act for the encouraging " the Cultivation, end* for the better Preservation of Trees, Shrubs, Plant! " and Roots."

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the furthej Payment of the Debts of the late Corporation for promoting Inland Naiil gations in Ireland, — and ends with the words, — for the purposes therm mentioned.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themsel according to Law.

An Act for continuing the Acts relative to Bankrupts, and for reviving!

continuing, and amending certain temporary Statutes.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable Ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, Rectors, Vicars, and Curates, and Inf propriators, — and ends with the words, — such Persons who are liable tow same.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for renderin® more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign His present Majesty King George the Third, — and ends with the words,': Police of the City of Dublin, and for other purposes.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, with respect to the Imprison# ment of their Persons.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain, am®* and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of reign of His present Majesty, — and ends with the words,---heretofore recoverable by Law.

Sections One, Eight, Ten, Seventeen, Eighteen, and Twenty, so far *j they relate to the Appropriation of Penalties.

Section Twenty-three.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting untf His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty on Wines, r and ends with the words, — and the British Plantations. ,1

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to of Majesty the several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — ends with the words, — purposes as are therein mentioned. J

An Act for the Advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty* Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned. -I;

An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, of Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned. A

An Act for regulating the Coffee Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, of. Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned upon Co»efc|

Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879.

Ch. 24.

73

Geo. 3. — cont.

p. 6.

c. 7.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 10. . c. 11. c. 12.

c. 13.

c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. c. 17.

c. 18.

c. 19. c. 20.

c. 21.

c. 22. c. 25.

c. 27. in part.

c. 30. in part,

c. 32.

c. 33. in part.

c. 35.

c. 36.

c. 37.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upon' Malt.

An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled " An Act for facilitating the " Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of ‘‘ America."

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act for granting certain Aids, Duties, and Impositions to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, for the time therein mentioned, and for continuing the Effect of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation concluded between His Majesty and the most Christian King.

An Act to promote the Linen and Hempen Manufacture by encreasing the Supply of Irish Flax-seed, and encouraging the Export of Linens and Sailcloth, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for granting certain Duties .upon Licensesj to be taken out by the several persons therein mentioned.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty,' His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upon Carriages.

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and other Persons.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Duties on Wines therein mentioned, and Cordage; and also a tax upon all Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees, and Pensions therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty on Hides, — and ends with the words, — and the British Plantations.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upon Malt.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters" and

Packets within this Kingdom.

Ari Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act for continuing and amending certain Laws heretofore made concerning His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein.

An Act for the better providing for the Repairs of Churches, and the" Residence of the Clergy.

Section Two.

An Act for preventing the Commission of Waste on the several Commons in this Kingdom.

Section Three.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

Ari Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation.

Sections One to Sixteen.

Sections Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty-six, and Twenty-seven.

An Act for granting the Sum of Six thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancellor and Chief Judges for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duty therein mentioned to be-paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

29 Geo. 3. — eont.

C.

c. 40. c. 41.

c. 42. in part.

30 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c.2.

c. 3. o. 4. c. 5 . c. 6. c. 7.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. ia

c. 14. c. 15.

c. 16.

c. 18. c. 21. c.22.

c. 23. in part.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fo^ Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, entitled " An Act for ik " lating the Import of Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs, and T " the better collecting the Duties thereon."

An Act for continuing certain temporary Statutes.

An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned for certain pi,.

and charitable Purposes.

An Act for the better supplying the Inhabitants of certain Cities and Tok with Water.

Sections Three and Four.

Section Five, the words " to any Person who shall sue for the same." | An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting i®jj His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty on WinesJ and ends with the words, — and the British Plantations.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for'granting/ His Majesty the several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes, — ® ends with the words, — Purposes as are therein mentioned.

An Act for the Advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, Hi Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, Hi Heirs and. Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

An Act for regulating the Coffee. Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, Hi Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned upon Cones. An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certs Duties upon Malt.

An Act for granting certain Aids, Duties, and Impositions to His Majesty His Heirs and Successors, for the Time therein mentioned, and for cos tinuing the Effect of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation concluw between His Majesty and the most Christian King.

An Act to promote the Linen and Hempen Manufactures by encreasing supply of Irish Flax-seed, and encouraging the Export of Linens at Sail Cloth, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,!)/ Duties therein mentioned.

An Act to enable Grand Juries to present for Coroners as therein maj tioned, instead of the Sums which they are now by Law empowered li present.

An Act for granting. unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certar Duties upon Carriages.

An Act for granting, certain-Duties upon Licenses to betaken out by t* several Persons therein mentioned.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for 'granting* His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned. I An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled "An Act for facilitating t* " Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States® " America." <1

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and oft4 Pexsons. I

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain DuW and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and PacOT within this Kingdom. I

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several DuW therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing Stamp Duties.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment» the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act for the relief of persons who have omitted to qualify themseWt according to Law.

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His.MajestJj Revehue, and for the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein, for other purposes therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal cerw Clauses in an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years His Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — the said Law, and oM Purposes.

Section One, to r are hereby repealed."

1 ~

30 Geo. 3. — cont. C.24; An Act to continue an Act; entitled " An Act to amend an Act, entitled " ‘An Act for the further improvement and extension of the Fisheries on " f the Coasts of this Kingdom.' "

c. 25. in part. An Act to amend an Act, entitled " An Act for promoting the improvement " of Ports and Harbours in this Kingdom.'-' Sections Seven and Eight.

c.27. in part. An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned for certain pious and charitable Purposes. Sections One and Two.

c. 28. An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society for the Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 29, An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, — and ends with the words, — Guardianship of their Children.

c. 30. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, entitled ff An Act for regulating the Com Trade, 1 " promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and steady Supply of " Corn in the Kingdom."

c. 32. c. 33. ' An Act for rendering the Transportation of Felons and V agabonds more easy. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duty therein mentioned, to be paid to the Trustees Of the Royal Exchange.

c. 34. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act, entitled " An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant;" — and ends with the

c. 35. words, — for the other Purposes herein mentioned. An Act to continue an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, entitled " An Act for the better Execution of the " Law and preservation of the Peace within Counties at large."

c. 36. An Act for enabling Trustees of Charitable Foundations to promote the Purposes and extend the Benefit of the same.

c. 87. in part. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, entitled " An Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation." Sections One to Three.

c. 41. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for enabling the Lord High Chancellor, and the Court of Exchequer respectively, — and ends with the words, — Money or Effects, and for other Purposes. Sections One to Four.

c. 45. 30 Geo. 3. seas. 2. C. 1. 1) Section Five from " and for the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer," to " the said Chief Baron." g An Act for reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes. An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, entitled "An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to " qualify themselves according to Law."

31 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting-for One Year the several Duties therein mentioned in lieu of all other Duties, — and ends with the words, — Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums, and ends with the words, — in manner therein mentioned, "'and for other Purposes.

c.3. An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Tax on all Salaries, Profits of -Employments, Fees, and Pensions, and certain Duties upon Carriages, and for Licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and other Persons therein mentioned.

c. 4. An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled " An Act for facilitating the " Trade and. Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of " America.",

c. 5. c. 6. An Act for regulating and' extending the Tobacco, Sugar, and Coffee Trade. An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society for the Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 7. An Act for granting the-several Sums therein mentioned for certain pious and charitable Purposes.

c. 8. An Act for granting the Sum of Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, and for other Purposes.

76

Ch. 24. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 h

31 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 9.

c. 10.

c. 11.

c. 12.

c. 13.

c. 15. c. 16. c. 17.

in part.

c. 18.

c. 21.

c. 22. in part.

c. 23.

c. 24.

in part.

c. 25.

in part.

c. 26. c. 27.

c. 28. e. 29. c. 30.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of ceJ Manufactures of this Kingdom.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Dm and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and within this Kingdom.

An Act to enable the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin and the Couny the City of Dublin to make better provision for the Clerks of the Crown Peace, by presentment at each Quarter Sessions for said County and C| An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several DiZ therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing | Stamp Duties.

An Act for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Spirit Liquors by retail, and for remedying the Abuses which have arisen the immoderate use of such Liquors.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an i Duly on imported Malt.

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His 9 Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to prevent the hots Crime of Murder, and to repeal, — and ends with the words,- — whereby Mol is made High Treason.

Section One, from "that the said recited Act " to " One thousand sen "hundred and ninety-one, and".

Section Ten, the words "and shall suffer death without benefit) clergy."

Sections Eleven and Twelve.

An Act to render Prdsecutions for Perjury and Subornation of Perjury U easy and effectual, and for affirming the Jurisdiction of the Quarter Sessia in cases of Perjury.

Sections One and Two.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonm* of their Persons.

An Act to extend the provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-first * Twenty-second Years of His Majesty's' Reign, entitled " An Act I " establishing a Bank by the name of the Governor and Company of* " Bank of Ireland."

Section One, from "That such part " to "ishereby repealed, and"; ft " the said annuity " to " pounds, together with ", and from "t " the said governor" to the end of the Section. a Section Three to " time to time appoint; and ".

Sections Five, Six, Eight, and Nine.

An Act to amend an Act, entitled " An Act to prevent the practice of seduflf " Artificers and Manufacturers of this Kingdom, and of exporting»

" several Tools and Utensils made use of in preparing and working up I " Manufactures thereof into Parts beyond the Seas."

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing! Act passed in the Tenth Year of King George the First, — and ends wtdf words, — the destruction of Salmon.

Section One.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to discharge * Recognizances entered into for the Appearance and Prosecution of'0" deps, — and ends with the words, — Green Wax Process.

Section One. i j

An Act to promote a reciprocal Preference between this Kingdom and Britain in the Corn Trade.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His present M&M entitled " An Act to prevent Frauds in the tanning of Hides, currying! " Leather, and the making of Shoes and Boots."

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act to amend the Laws respecting Assistant Barristers of the Session5? the Peace.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, entitled " An Act for enlw " the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City of Dublin, and coun?! * Dublin."

31 Geo. 3, — cont. c. 32. c. 36. An Act to prevent vexatious Arrests, and proceedings in Actions of Slander. An Act to amend and consolidate the several Acts relating to the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

c. 37. An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

C; 41. *sic. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act to continue an* Act, entitled " An Act to continue an Act entitled ‘ An " ‘Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant"', — and ends with the words, — the

c. 42. in part. other Purposes herein mentioned. An Act for directing the further Application of the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, entitled " An Act for $he Promotion and Encourage- ment of Inland Navigation." Sections One, Two, Six, Seven, and Eight.

c. 43. c. 44. c. 47. in part. An Act to prohibit Horse Races in the Neighbourhood of the Cify of Dublin. An Act for reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the several Grand Juries within the Province of Munster, — and ends with the words, — to encrease the Salary of the County Treasurer. Section One.

32 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned in lieu of all other Duties, — and

c. 2. ends with the words, — Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums, — and ends with the words, — in manner therein mentioned, and for other

c. 3. Purposes. An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled " An Act for facilitating the " Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of " America."

c.4. An Act for granting the Sum of Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufacture, and for other Purposes.

' c. 5. An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

c. 6. An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, for certain pious and charitable Purposes. A « i o i i* i j i ii ' m i rn i

c. 7. c. 8.. An Act for regulating and extending the tobacco Trade. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

c. 9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

c. 10. An Act for granting to His Majesty. His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packet within this Kingdom.

c. 11. in part. c. 14. in part. An Act to amend the Laws for the Sale and Insurance of Lottery Tickets. Section One. An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society for the Purposes therein mentioned. Sections One to Four.

c. 15/ in part. An Act to explain and amend certain Laws relative to Inland Navigations of this Kingdom. Sections Three to Eight.:$

c. 17. An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for more effectually preventing Frauds therein.

c. 18. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for confirming the Powers, — and ends with the words, — Barristers-at-law.

c. 19. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, entitled " An Act for regulating " the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Spiritous Liquors by Retail, and " for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate use of such Liquors." C, ,

c. 20. An Act for the encrease of Agriculture and Commerce, by establishing a reciprocal Preference in the Com Trade between this Kingdom and Great Britain.

— N

32 Geo. 3. — cont. c. 21. An Act to remove certain Restraints and Disabilities therein mentioned, (. which His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion are now subiw

c. 22. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to indemnify sia of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion, — and ends mjn the words, — any time before the First of November next.

c. 23. An Act for the further encouragement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of tk Kingdom.

c.27. An Act for the employing at Hard Labour Persons sentenced to be Train, ported.

c. 28. c. 30. c. 32. An Act further to promote the building of new Churches. An Act for improving and keeping in repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom, An Act to enable Aliens born .out of the Allegiance of His Majesty, Hj Heirs and Successors, to take Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in this Kingdom by way of Mortgage, subject to certain Restrictions.

c. 33. An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to quality themselvg

c. 40. in part, 33 Geo. 3. c. 1. according to Law. An Act for reviving and continuing certain temporary Statutes. Sections One to Six. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this King, dom, or resident therein, in certain cases, and Subjects of this Kingdom who have served or are serving in Foreign Armies.

c. 2. An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and the removing and keeping of Gunpowder, Arinj, and Ammunition without License.

c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the Words, — An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the service of the Public, — and ends wifi

c. 4. the words, — establishing certain Bonds therein mentioned. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting for 0m Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties,-and ends with the words, — Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

c. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing the payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums, — ml ends with the words, — in manner therein mentioned, and for other Purposes.

c. 6. An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

m An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled " An Act for facilitating tin " Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of " America."

c. 8. An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certab Manufactures of this Kingdom.

c. 9. An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned for certain pious and charitable Purposes.

c. 11. c. 13. in part. An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade. An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society for the Purposes therein mentioned. Sections One to Four.

c. 14. An Act for granting to His Majesty, for One Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-hearths, in lieu of all Duties payable on the same prior to or during the said Term.

c. 15. -An Act for granting to- His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managinJ the Stamp Duties.

c. 16. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment® the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

c. 17. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters a® Packets within this Kingdom.

| c. 18. in part. An Act to prevent Insurance of Lottery Tickets, to regulate the Drawing ® Lotteries, and to amend the Laws respecting the same. Sections One to Seventeen. Sections Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty-two, Twenty-four, Twenty-five. Section Twenty-six from " in which no essoign ' to the end of the Section Sections Twenty-eight to Thirty-three.

Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879.

Ch. 24.

79

Geo. 3. — oont. c. 21. in part.

' c. 23.

c. 25. c. 30.

c. 31. c. 33.

e. 34. in part.

< c. 34.

c. 37.

c. 38.

; c. 39.

c. 41. in part.

''cl 42. I '-c; 44.

* c. 46.

' . 49.

c. 52.

c. 55. Geo. 3. c. 1.

. c. 2.

c. 3.

,C. 4.

An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Popish or Roman Catholic Subjects of Ireland.

Sections One to Six.

Sections Ten, Eleven, Thirteen.

An Act the title of which begins with the words,* — An Act for the encouragement of Seamen and Marines employed in the Royal Navy, — and ends with the words, — deceased Officers, Seamen, and Marines, as aforesaid.

An Act to encourage the improvement of barren Land.

An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid, or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies.

An Act for regulating the Trade of Ireland, to and from the East Indies under certain Conditions and Provisions, for a Time therein mentioned.

An Act for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and for the more easily raising of the same.

An Act for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain Provisions and Regulations.

Sections One to Fourteen.-

Sections Sixteen and Seventeen.

An Act for continuing the Duties granted to His Majesty on Licenses for the retail of Spirituous Liquors, and for continuing the Regulations for issuing such Licenses, and for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate use of such Liquors.

An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for more effectually preventing Frauds, therein.

An Act for giving Relief in proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, for the admission of Freemen into Corporations.

An Act to enable His Excellency the Lord Lieutenant to issue Treasury Bills for raising the Sum of Three thousand Pounds.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing the Freedom arid Independence of the House of Commons, — and ends with the words, — during His Majesty's pleasure.

Sections Three, Four, Five, and Seven.

Section Nine from " wherein no essoign " to the end of the Section;

I Sections Ten and Eleven.

Aji Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, in regard to the imprisonment of their Persons.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His Majesty, — and ends with the words, — as confirms the Charter of the said Society.

An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, entitled An Act for improving and keeping in repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom.

An Act' for re-vesting in His Majesty the Estates forfeited in One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, yet remaining unsold.

An Act for the advancement of Trade and Manufactures by granting the Sums therein mentioned for the Support of commercial Credit.

An Act for the regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, for One Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-hearths, in lieU of all Duties payable on the same, prior to, or during the said Term. |

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of Interest upon the Principal Sums, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and for other Purposes.

32 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 21.

c. 22.

c. 23. c. 27.

c: 28. c. 30. c. 32.

c. 33.

c. 40. in. part. 33 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c.2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 5. c. 6.

c.7.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 11. c. 13. in part.

c. 14.

c. 15.

c. 16. c. 17.

S c. 18. in part.

An Act to remove certain Restraints and Disabilities therein mentioned, d which His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion are now subject

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to indemnify suji of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion, — and ends m the words, — any time before the First of November next.

An Act for the further encouragement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of tld Kingdom.

An Act for the 'employing at Hard Labour Persons sentenced to be TratJ ported.

An Act further to promote the building of new Churches.

An Act for improving and keeping in repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom]

An Act to enable Aliens born .out of the Allegiance of His Majesty, Bj Heirs and Successors, to take Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments iJ this Kingdom by way of Mortgage, subject to certain Restrictions.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselvtj according to Law.

An Act for reviving and continuing certain temporary Statutes.

Sections One to Six.

An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this King.I dom, or resident therein, in certain cases, and Subjects of this Kingdonl who have served or are serving in Foreign Armies.

An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition! into this Kingdom, and the removing and keeping of Gunpowder, Amu] and Ammunition without License.

An Act the title of which begins with the words,-An Act for indemnifying I such Persons as have acted for the service of the Public, — and ends until the words, — establishing certain Bonds therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting for Ont Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties,-and ends with the words, — Colonies, and for other Purposes therein men] tioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing thepaj-ment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums, — anil ends with the words, — in manner therein mentioned, and for other Purposed

An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the! Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled " An Act for facilitating the " Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States ol " America."

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certaii Manufactures of this Kingdom.

An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned for certain pious and charitable Purposes.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Sections One to Four.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, for One Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-hearths, in lieu of all Duties payable on the samt prior to. or during the said Term.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

An Act to prevent Insurance of Lottery Tickets, to regulate the Drawing of Lotteries, and to amend the Laws respecting the same.

Sections One to Seventeen.

Sections Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty-two, Twenty-four, Twenty-five.

Section Twenty-six from " in which no essoign " to the end of the Section

Sections Twenty-eight to Thirty-three.

in part. An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Popish or Roman Catholic Subjects of Ireland. Sections One to Six.

c. 23. Sections Ten, Eleven, Thirteen. An Act the title of which begins with the words,* — An Act for the encouragement of Seamen and Marines employed in the Royal Navy, — and ends with the words, — deceased Officers, Seamen, and Marines, as aforesaid.

c.25. c. 30. An Act to encourage the improvement of barren Land. An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid, or Assis-

* , c. 31. tance being given to. His Majesty's Enemies. An Act for regulating the Trade of Ireland, to and from the East Indies under certain Conditions and Provisions, for a Time therein mentioned.

' '; c. 33. An Act for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and for the more easily raising of the same.

c. 34. in part. An Act for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain Provisions and Regulations. Sections One to Fourteen.

' c. 34. Sections Sixteen and Seventeen. An Act for continuing the Duties granted to His Majesty on Licenses for the retail of Spirituous Liquors, and for continuing the Regulations for issuing such Licenses, and for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate use of such Liquors.

c. 37. An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for more effectually preventing Frauds, therein.

c. 38. An Act for giving Relief in proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, for the admission of Freemen into Corporations.

c. 39. An Act to enable His Excellency the Lord Lieutenant to issue Treasury Bills for raising the Sum of Three thousand Pounds.

c. -41. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing the Freedom arid Independence of the House of Commons, — and ends with the words, — during His Majesty's pleasure. Sections Three, Four, Five, and Seven. Section Nine from " wherein no essoign " to the end of the Section; Sections Ten and Eleven.

c. 42. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, in regard to the imprisonment of their Persons.

c: 44. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His Majesty, — and ends with the words, — as confirms the Charter of the said Society.

c. 46. An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, entitled An Act for improving and keeping in repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom.

.49. An Act for re-vesting in His Majesty the Estates forfeited in One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, yet remaining unsold.

c. 52. An Act for the advancement of Trade and Manufactures by granting the Sums therein mentioned for the Support of commercial Credit.

AM H c.65. 34 Geo. 3. c. 1: An Act for the regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. An Act for granting to His Majesty, for One Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-hearths, in lieu of all Duties payable on the same, prior to, or during the said Term.;

V c.,2. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

0.3.; An Act for granting to His Majesty,. His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of Interest upon the Principal Sums, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and for other Purposes.

34 Geo. 3. — cont. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting fJ One Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties , — and ends with the words, — His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purpose) therein mentioned.

c. 5. 4: '30'

c. 6. An Act- the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for enabling the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, and the Court of Exchequer respec. tively, — and ends with the words, — the Governor and Company of the said Bank.

c. 7. An Act to prevent the inconveniencies which may arise during the Vacancy! of the Office of Treasurer of a County.

c. 10. An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing Frauds 1 therein, and for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade of this 1 Kingdom.

. c. 11. An Act for continuing the several Laws relating to Licences for the Sale ofl Spirituous Liquors, and the Regulations for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate use of such Liquors.

c. 13, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Fay and Clothing of the Militia foil One Year, from the Twenty-fifth of March One thousand seven hundred 1 and ninety-four, and for the more easily raising the same.

c. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for preventing Money! or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects, — and ends with tkt 1 words, — for the benefit of the individual Owners thereof.

c. 15. An Act the title of which beqins with the words, — An Act for directing the 1

in part. application of the Sum of Five thousand live hundred Founds, — and mis 1 with the words, — First Wednesday in February in every Year. Section One.

c. 16. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing an Act passed last session of Parliament, — and ends with the words, — Gun- powder, Arms, and Ammunition without License.

o. 19. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of I the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

c. 21. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned upon Hidal and Skins) and Manufactures of Leather.

c. 22. An Act for ascertaining the Fees payable by such Roman Catholics as qualify. I

c. 23. An Act for reviving and continuing certain temporary Statutes.

. c. 24. An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled, " An Act for facilitating the I " Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of 1 " America."

c. 25. An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain 1 Manufactures of this Kingdom.

35 Geo. 3. c. 1. , An Act for granting to His Majesty, for One Year, the Duties therein 1 mentioned on Fire-hearths, in lieu of all Duties payable on the same prior 1 to, or during the said Term.

c. 3. An Act for granting to His Majesty , the Duties therein mentioned upon 1 Hides and Skins, and Manufactures of Leather.

c'4. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting for 1 One Year the several Duties therein mentioned in lieu of all other Duties, 1 — and ends with the words, — His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Pur- poses therein mentioned.

c. 5. An Act for defraying the Charges of the Fay and Clothing of the Militia for I

Mi i... One Year, from the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand seven hundred 1 and ninety-five.

c. 6. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing tbs j

Payment of the Annuities, and of the Principal Sums, — and ends with fa 1 words, — Services of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, 1 and for other Purposes.

c. 7. An Act for the Regulation' of Presentments for the -Purpose of. Levying 1 Money to be expended in erecting Court-houses, Gaols, and other expensive I Buildings.

c. 9. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties 1 therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for Managing the 1 Stamp Duties.

H. — cont.

' c. 10. c, 11.

c. 13.

c. 14. c. 15. . c. 18. c. 19. e. 20.

c. 21. in part.

c. 22.

c. 23. in part.

c. 24.

c. 26. o. 27,

'. c. 28. In part.

£ c. 29. ln Part,

An Act for continuing an Act, entitled, " An Act for facilitating the Trade and " Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America."

, An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Publick, — and ends with the words, — giving Effect to the said Proclamations.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

An Act for auditing and settling certain Accounts now remaining Unsettled at His Majesty's Treasury.

An Act for repealing the several Regulations which affect the Trade of a Brewer, in this Kingdom.

An Act for continuing an Act, entitled, " An Act for continuing the several " Laws relating to Licenses for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, and the

Regulations for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the " immoderate use of such Liquors."

An Act for the better Education of Persons professing the Popish, or Roman Catholick Religion.

Section One to " Thomas Hussey, of the City of Dublin, Doctor in

. | Divinity, and ", and from " and to purchase and acquire Lands " to the end of the Section.

Sections Two, Four, and Five.

Section Six to " shall seem Expedient; and ", and from " so assembled " to " of the Trustees."-

Sections Eight to Eleven.

An Act to explain an Act, entitled, " An Act for establishing a complete " School of Physick in this Kingdom."

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King Charles the First, entitled, " An Act for " preservation of the Inheritance, Rights, and Profits of Lands belonging " to the Church and Persons Ecclesiastical."

Section Two to " Leases did amount unto."

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — Ammunition without License, and for amending the said last-mentioned Act.

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Starch under certain conditions.

An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Roads in this Kingdom, and for the encouragement of Broad-wheeled Carriages.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the better regulation of the Receipts and Issues of His Majesty's Treasury, — and ends with the words, — the Treasurer of England doth.

Sections One to Four.

Section Seven.

Section Eight to 2 week out of the said revenues."

Sections Nine and Ten.

Section Eleven from " in which no essoign," to the end of the Section.

Sections Fourteen to Twenty,

Sections Twenty-six to Thirty-four.

An Act for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned.

Section One.

Section Two from "on such day " to the end of the Section.

Sections Four, Twenty-one.

Section Twenty-five, from "nor by virtue of any Freehold " to the end of the Section.

Section Twenty-seven.

Sections Twenty-nine to Fifty-nine.

Sections Sixty-one to Seventy-one.

riee 2d.] F

82

Oil. 24. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 ftl

35 Geo. 3. c. 29. iti part — coni. Section Seventy-two from "and that any Person" to the end of tiut Section.

c. 30. Section Seventy-three. Sections Seventy-nine to Eighty-one. An Act for the relief of insolvent Debtors, in regard to the imprisonmw I of their Persons.

o. 32. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain an Aq I passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty^ 1 ends with the words, — Tythes, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 1

c. 33. An Act to continue for One Year several Acts for the encouragement of ft I

c. 35. Fisheries on the Coasts of this Kingdom. An Act for amending the Laws for the Regulation of Lottery Offices, and fa [

c. 36. in part. preventing the insurance of Lottery Tickets. An Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of DubJ I and the District of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch j 1? the said City. Section Eighty-four to " theretofore passed; and , Section Ninety-four.

c. 37. An Act for raising the Sum therein mentioned to defray such extraordin«j I Expenses as may be necessarily incurred for the Service of the present Ye# [

c. 38. c. 39: An Act for further improving the Post Roads in this Kingdom. An Act for confirming Grants made by Patents under the Great Seal 01 England.

c. 40. An Act for the relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themseln I

c. 41. according to Law. An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to His Majesty 1 Revenue, and further preventing Frauds therein.

c. 42. c. 45. An Act for regulating the Baking Trade. An Act that the acceptance of the Office of a Lord Justice, or Chief Gove* | of this Kingdom by the Speaker of the House of Commons, shall nu vacate his Seat, in Parliament.

c. 46. 36 Geo. 3. c. 1. in part. An Act for the better promulgating the Statute Law of this Kingdom. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing ts | Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the principal Sums,- i and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, an!

c. 2. for other Purposes. Except Section Six. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting for Os Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of' all other Duties,- and ends with the words, — -Colonies, and for other Purposes therein me* tioned.

c. 3. An Act for regulating the payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certaii Manufactures of this Kingdom.

c. 6. An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled " An Act for facilitating I " Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom Land the United States | i America."

c. 6. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the First Day January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five for the preservation of the public Peace and suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in son* Parts of this Kingdom.

0. 8. An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant and Council to prohibit the Export^ Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Peas, Beans, Potatoes Starch, and Hair Powder, for a limited Time.

c. 9. c. 10. An Act for the further Regulation of public Infirmaries or Hospitals. An Act for granting unto His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned uM Hides and Skins and Manufactures of Leather.

c. 11. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Dufit* and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and PacW within this Kingdom.

c. 12. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words,- — An Act to amend an Ae passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years Of King George the Thiii — and ends with the words, — building Additions to the said Court House. 1 Except Section Four,

CK. 24.

83

36 Geo.

c. 15*

o* 1G.

c. 17*

c. 18,

c. 19. o.21. 0.22.

. c. 23.

o. 24.

c.26. in part.

c,28.

c. 31. in part:

0. 34.

c. 36.

0. 38, in part.

6. 39.

c. 40.

c. 41.

c. 42*.

di 43.

c. 46.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act for granting to His Majesty for One Year the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-hearths, in lieu of all Duties payable on the same during the said Term.

An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five thousand five hundred Pounds granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society for the Improvement of H usbandry and other useful Arts.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for Managing the Stamp Duties.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue, with the approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, to erect Lighthouses around the Coasts of this Kingdom, and to levy a Tonnage Duty on all Shipping.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Candles, Tallow, and Soap for a limited Time, except to His Majesty's Dominions.

An Act for the Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar,

An Act for rendering more effectual the several Laws heretofore made for the government and regulation of the Barracks and other Public Works in this Kingdom.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend certain Rules, Orders, and Directions made by the Lord Lieutenant, — and ends with the words, — from Christmas Day to another more proper Day.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Chief Justices and other Judges of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom.

Except Section Five.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to empower Millers, Maltsters, Brewers, and Distillers bringing Com and Malt, — and ends with the words, — Merchants and Dealers may now receive the same.

An Act for discontinuing the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given against Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting ' another Judgment in'lieu thereof.

Section Three.

An Act to make perpetual the Laws for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts; also an Act for providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks, and for continuing certain other temporary Statutes.

An Act for the more effectually keeping the Public Roads in repair by Contract.

An Act to prevent vexatious Replevins of Distresses taken for Rent.

The words "provided the assignment be duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon."

An Act to limit the Jurisdiction of Sheriffs in their County Courts, and of other inferior Courts.

An Act for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by retail, and for remedying the Abuses which Have arisen from ' the immoderate Use of such Liquors.

An Act to enable Guardians of Minors to demise or sell Grounds, the Property of such Minors, for the purpose of having Court-houses or Gaols built thereon.

An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and the making, removing, selling, and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition without License.

An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors for the Time being and Council, when the Price of Corn or Grain is above the Rates of Exportation, to prohibit the Export of Bread and Biscuit, and to indemnify those who have prevented the Export of the .same.

An Acti for the relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

84

Ch. 24. Statute Lorn Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 VioJ

36 Geo.

3. — cont. ' c. 49.

63.

c. 56.

c. 57.

in part.

3? Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 3.

4.

14.

15.

c. 7.

c. 9..

10.

c. II.

c. 12.

c. 13.

c. 16.

An Act for raising the Sum therein mentioned, to defray any extraordinujl Expences which may be incurred for the Publick Service for the Year tol end at Lady Day One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable Hit I Majesty to grant a certain Annuity, — and ends with the, words, — the high I Rank he holds in this Kingdom, and of the Services of his Ancestor.

An Act for- the amendment of Publick Roads, for directing the Power o(| Grand Juries respecting Presentments, and for repealing several Lawil heretofore made for those Purposes.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for establishing m I easy and expeditious Method for the Payment in this Kingdom of Half.1 pay to certain Naval Officers, — and ends with the words, — the Maintenan#! of their Wives and Families, resident in this Kingdom.

An Act for the further improving and carrying on of Inland Navigation^ not being in the whole or in any part private Property, and for regulatin'] the Mode of building Bridges on Highways where the same are intersectdl by any Canal.

Except Sections Seven and Eight. *

An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor a I Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he ml they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Govern.1 merit.

An Act for encouraging and disciplining such Corps of Men as shall voltm-i tarily enroll themselves under Officers to be commissioned by His Majesty I for the Defence of this Kingdom during the present War.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting fa One Year the several Duties therein mentioned in lieu of all other Duties — and ends with the words, — Colonies, and for other Purposes thereii mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and ] of the Interest upon the Principal Sums, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and for other Purposes.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation d certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

An Act for the Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on Exportation of Sugar.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia fa One Year from the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand seven Buffi dred and ninety-seven.

An Act granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned upon Hides and Skins and Manufactures of Leather.

An Act for granting to His' Majesty for One Year the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-hearths, in lieu of all Duties payable on the same during the said Term.

An Act to enable certain Inhabitants of the County of Armagh who hart been injured in their Persons or Properties to recover Compensation fa such Injuries by Presentment, notwithstanding the Time by Law prescriM for applying for such Presentments be lapsed.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certafa Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters M1 Packets within this Kingdom. ‘

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, sevei*

. Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for Manage the Stamp Duties. - j. . " j

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment01 the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act to prevent the excessive Price of Refined Sugar in this Kingdom.

An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled " An Act for facilitating t " Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States " America."

An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, -and for securing the Duh(*| payable on Home-made Spirits.

13.-

-cont.

0.17.

c. 18. c. 20..

c. 21. in part.

c. 23. c, 24.

c. 27.

c.. 28.

c. 31. o. 32.

'c. 33. c. 35.

c. 36

c. 37.

c. 39.

. c. 40. ln part.

c. 41.

c. 43.

in

c. 44 ,c- 46.

c-47.

Part.

iri

c- 48. c- 50. Part.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to conduct the working of a Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow, and for securing the Profits thereof.

An Act to prevent Exactions upon the Sale of Salt.

An Act for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

An Act to amend the Game Laws.

Section One.

Section Two, so far as relates to the Application of Penalties.

An Act the title of which begins with the w.oras, — An Act to extend to Presentments exceeding Two hundred Pounds to Ibe expended on Mail Coach Roads, — and ends with the words, — Gaols, and other expensive Buildings.

An Act for the further Advancement of Agriculture, and promoting a steady Supply of Corn for the City of Dublin, Dy extending the Export Bounties on Com and Flour to the said City, and discontinuing all Inland, Canal, and Coast Bounties thereto.

An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners at the end of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the National Debt, and to direct the application of additional Funds, in case of future-Loans, to the. like Purpose.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Auctions, — and ends with the words, — to be levied by the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties.

An Act for the more secure Importation during a limited Time of the several Goods and Materials of Manufacture therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for raising by Loan the several Sums therein mentioned towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, — and ends with the' words, — to provide for the discharge of the said Sum.

An Act for collecting and' securing His Majesty's Revenue upon Malt.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth \ear of His present Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — those Purposes with respect to Roads through Bogs.

An Act to prevent the vexatious Impounding of Cattle for Trespass or Damage-feasant, and for the more effectual Preserving of Mears and Fences.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending an Act passed in this Kingdom in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, — and ends with the words, — making appropriate Parishes perpetual Cures.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the First Day of-January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven for the Preservation of the Public Peace and Suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in some parts of this Kingdom.

An Act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's- Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

Section Four.

An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five thousand five hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, for the Improvement of Husbandry and other useful Arts..

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted, or may omit, inadvertently, to pay certain Stamp Duties herein mentioned, on Deeds or other Instruments, and for ascertaining the Duty payable.on Hats imported into this Kingdom.

An Act for the Preservation of Estates belonging to Parishes.

An Act to regulate the Trade of Rectifying of Spirits, and to subject Distillers 'to certain Regulations therein mentioned.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. '

Except Section Twenty.

An Act for the Relief of Confined Debtors who may be Insolvent.

An Act for further extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty's Reign, entitled "An Act " for establishing a Bank by the Name of the Governor and Company of

. " the Bank of Ireland." EflHB . i:$

86 Ch. 24. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vjqj

37 Geo. 3. c. 50. Section One to " on the Seventeenth day of February following." Sections Three and Four. Sections Six to Eleven.

in pgrfcrrcont.

c. 51. i m.. 1 An Act for confirming and continuing for a limited Time the Restriction! 1 contained in the Minute of Council, of the Second Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments in Cash by the R Bank.

. c. 52. An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing 1 the Duties payable thereupon.

o. 53. An Act to regulate the Export, Import, and Sale of certain Articles therein I mentioned.

c. 54. An Act to enable the Proprietors of Debentures issued by Government to I

in part* convert them into Stock transferable at the Bank of Ireland. Sections One to Ten.

c.^57. An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves 1

according to Law.

c. -58. An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws [

in part. relating to Hackney and other Carriages plying in the City of Dublin, its | Suburbs and Liberties, and within Seven Miles thereof. Section One.

c. 59. An Act for granting to the Commissioners for making wide and convenient 1 Streets in Dublin the Sums therein mentioned, for the Purposes therein 1 mentioned.

c. 60. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Pension to the Princess Royal , 1 upon Her intended Marriage with the Hereditary Prince of Wirtemburgh, K

c. 62. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant? an Annuity to certain Trustees therein 1 named, in Trust for Sarah Hamilton, Widow of the Reverend Doctor 1 William Hamilton, deceased, and fqr the Children of the said Sarah by the K said William Hamilton.

. c. 63. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity to certain Trustees therein 1 named, in Trust for Alicia Knipe, Widow of the Reverend George Knipe, 1 deceased, and for the Children of the said George Knipe, namely, John, 1 George, Frances, and Anne.

38 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for 1 One Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven' 1 hundred and ninety-eight. I

o. 3. Aji Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to repeal so much 1 of an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 1 — and ends with the words, — County of Tyrone.

c. 4. An Act to permit the Importation of Portugal Salt into this Kingdom, in Neutral Vessels, for a Time therein limited.

q. 5. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting for One Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties, — and ends with the words, — Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

o. 6. An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

. c. 8. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

c. 9. An Act for granting to His Majesty for One Year the Duties therein mentioned on Fire hearths, in lieu of all Duties payable on the same during the said Term.

o. 10. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for seeming the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the principal Sums,- and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight) and for other Purposes.

c. 11. An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled " An Act for collecting and securing His Majesty's Revenue upon. Malt."

c. 12. An Act to . continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled " An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of , " Cpffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon." An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled " An Act for facilitating the

o. 13.

" Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of " America."

: ^4c# the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government.

c. 15. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

c. 16. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition without License.

p, 17. An Act to enable His Majesty to receive Voluntary Contributions of His . Subjects for the Defence of this Kingdom.

0. 18. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing

o. 19. * sic, the Stamp Duties. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the Third Day of July in the Year One thousand seven* and ninety-seven for the Preservation of the Publick Peace and Suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom.

. c. 90. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to shorten the Time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention, — and ends with the words, — in case of a Demise of the Crown.

0.23. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duties, therein mentioned upon Hides and Skins tanned, and on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and upon Vellum and Parchment, and upon Manufactures of Leather.

c. 24. An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, and on Glass Bottles made in this Kingdom, and on paper printed, painted, or stained in this Kingdom, to serve for Hangings or other uses, and to prevent Frauds therein.

o, 26. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to empower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the County of Dublin, — and ends with the words, — Persons in Execution to attend before them as Witnesses. Section One.

c. 27. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

c. 3Q. * sic. . An Act to amend an Act passed the last Session of. Parliament, entitled " An Act to* entitle His Majesty to grant a certain Pension to the Princess r Royal upon Her intended Marriage with the Hereditary Prince of Wir- temburgh."

c. 32. An Act for raising by Loan, as a Supply to His Majesty, the Sums therein mentioned, for the purposes therein mentioned.

c. 33. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for raising by Loan a Sum not exceeding Two hundred thousand and eighty Pounds, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for other Purposes.

c. 35. An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

o. 37, An Act to make Provision for quartering such Foreign Troops as His Majesty may think proper to employ in this Kingdom for the Defence thereof.

c. 38. An Act to enable Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery in and for the County and County of the City of Dublin to commence, hold, and continue their Sessions during the Term.

c. 42. An Act for the Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the

c. 43. Exportation of Sugar, and to prevent the excessive Price of Refined Sugar in this Kingdom. * An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five thousand five hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, for the Improvement of Husbandry and other useful Arts.

c. 45. An Act to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Male Servants, and to secure the Payment thereof, and for the better Collection of the Duties on Fire-hearths and on Coaches and Other Carriages.

P- 46. An Act for the Government of the Militia of Great Britain serving in this Kingdom during their continuance therein.

88

Ch. 24. Statute Lem Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 YiOf

38 Geo. 3. — cont.

o. 48.

c. 52.

c. 55. c. 56. in part, c, 58.

c. 59.

c. 60. c. 61.

o. 63,

c. 64.'

c. 66.

c. 67.>

c. 68.

o. 69. . c. 70.

c. 74.

c. 76. c. 78.

c. 79.

in part.

. c. 80. c.8L

39 Geo. |§ c. 1.

An Act for preventing the Desertion of Seamen from Ships trading between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the \vJ Indies.

Ari Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds J His Majesty's Revenue by Rectifiers of Spirits.

An Act for the King's Most Gracious general and free Pardon.

An Act for the better Regulation and Examination of Publick Accounts.

Sections One and Three.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Co®, missioners of the Treasury in Ireland, — and ends with the words, — Thousand Pounds British Currency therein mentioned.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Property in the Service of Perso® transported from this Kingdom.

An Act for quieting Corporations.

An Act for better enforcing the Execution of the Act made for the Triall of controverted Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by dit-l qualifying certain Persons who have endeavoured to obstruct the dot I Execution thereof from Voting at any Election hereafter.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of Hi Majesty's Reign, entitled " An Act 'for regulating and extending tit " Tobacco Trade, and for seeming the Duties payable upon the Impoit " and Manufacture of Tobacco."

An Act to authorize the Issuing and Payment of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, granted as a further supply to the Foundling Hospital and Workhouse in the City of Dublin.

An Act. to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity of One thousand six hundred Pounds per Annum to Robert Boyd for his Services as i Judge.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled " An Act to regulate the Export, Import, and Sale " of certain Articles therein mentioned."

An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of such I His Majesty's loyal Subjects as have been Sufferers in their Property during the subsisting Rebellion in this Kingdom.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant anlAnnuity for the Life of His Serent

Highness the Prince of Mecklenburgh Strelitz, Nephew to the Queen.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for -settling and securing a certain Annuity on Adam Viscount Duncan, — and ends mill the words, — eminent service performed by the sai'd Adam, Viscount Duncan, to His Majesty and the Public.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the First Day o! November One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven for the pie servation of the Public Peace and Suppression of Insurrections prevaiiinj in some parts of this Kingdom .

An Act for the Relief of Persons who. have omitted to qualify themse^vef according to Law.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to prevent Persons from returning to His Majesty's Dominions, — and ends with the wares, — passing into any Country at War with His Majesty.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to authorize Issuing of Treasury Bills to the amount, — and ends with the words, — Roysl Canal to proceed in carrying on the said Canal.

Sections One and Two.

Sections Four to Six.

An Act to compel certain Persons who have been engaged in the late Rebellion which hath broken out in this Kingdom to surrender themselves* and abide their Trials respectively, within a limited Time, on pain of beinl! attainted of High Treason.

An Act for authorising the Payment of the Sums therein mentioned-granted fordefraying the expence of repainting the Journals of the HOtis' of Commons and making Indexes thereto.

An Act for defraying the charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia §! One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand sere* hundred and ninety-nine.

L_ cont. c.2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 5.

c. 6. c. 7.

c. 8. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14. c. 15.

c. 18.

c. 19. part.,

c. 20.

c. 21.

c. 22.

e. 23. c. 24.

I 25.

An Act for regulating the Payment of |Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the Sixth Day of October One thousand seven'hundred and ninety-eight, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections prevailing in several parts of this Kingdom.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — and preventing the Disturbance of the Public Peace.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing ' the Stamp Duties.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the'Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums, — and ends with the words, — One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for other Purposes.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting for One Year the several Duties therein mentioned in lieu of all other Duties, — and ends with the words, — Colonies; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

An Act for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still unhappily exists within this Kingdom,'and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, for One Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Pire-hearths, in lieu of all duties payable on the same during the said term.

An Act for further continuing an Act, entitled. An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable all Ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, Rectors, Vicars, and Curates, — and ends with the words, — against such persons as were liable to the same.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties on Dwelling Houses inhabited, according to the number of Windows or Lights therein respectively.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify, themselves according to Law.

An Act for the Repairing of Cathedral Churche? in cases where the Parish Churches have been long in Ruins.

Section One.

Section Two, to " Unions respectively; and that."

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth year of His Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — Duties on Fire-hearths, and on Coaches and other Carriages.

An Act to continue An Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled. An Act for Regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled "An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco."

An Act for granting additional Duties on Beer, Ale, and Spirits imported into this Kingdom.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and continue an Act passed last Session of Parliament, — and ends with the words,

— to serve for Hangings or other uses.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to receive, — and ends with the words, — such Persons as shall have paid such Voluntary Contribution as therein mentioned.

90 Ch. 24. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879, 42 & 43 yl0J

39 Geo. 3. — cont. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain ami amend the several Acts now in being, for the empowering the ComiZI sioners of Barracks, — and ends with the words, — for the better enablkl them to proceed in their Marches.

c. 26.

c. 27. An Act for the reduction, of Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on (Li Exportation of Sugar.

c. 28. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session ojl Parliament, entitled " An Act for quieting Corporations."

c. 29. An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth year of His Majesty,! Reign, entitled " An Act for continuing and amending the several Aotsl " for the further Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on tb| " Coasts of this Kingdom."

o. 30. An Act to further explain and amend the Laws now in force relating to Militia of this Kingdom.

c. 31, An Act for empowering His Majesty for a time, and to an extent to beUimita]! to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in this Kingdom,! as may voluntarily offer themselves, to be employed in Great Britain, «l elsewhere in Europe.

c. 32. An Act for granting unto His Majesty the several Duties therein mentioned! on Sweets, or Made-wines, Mead, and Vinegar, and for securing the Coileol tion thereof.

c. 34. An Act to amend and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of! His Majesty's Reign, for collecting and securing His Majesty's Revemul upon Malt.

c. 35. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duties and Additional Duties on tint Licenses therein mentioned.

c. 36. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain, amend, 1 and extend the provisions of an Act passed last session of Parliament, — and 1 ends with the words, — to prohibit them from passing into any Country at 1 War with His Majesty.

o. 37. An Act the better to regulate the Manufacture and Sale of Gunpowder within 1 this Kingdom.!

c. 38. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Ad passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, — and ends will 1 the words, — for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

e. 39. An Act for the better Collection of all Duties on Hides and Skins tanned 1 and dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and fa 1 preventing of Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue therein.

c. 42. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to 1 His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned on the several kinds of Paper, 1 — and ends with the words, — Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Fraud! therein. s .

c. 43. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned on Goat Skins exported.

. c. 44. An Act for the Relief of persons who have omitted, or may omit, inadvertently, 1 to pay certain Stamp Duties therein mentioned, on Deeds or other Instru- I inents.

c. 45. An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five thousand five hundred pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society for the Improve-1

ment of Husbandry, and other useful Arts.

. c. 50. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain and amend 1 an Act, entitled, An Act for indemnifying, — and ends with the words," Sheriffs and other Officers to make the Returns therein specified.

c, 54, . An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

c. 56. An Act the title Of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Ad passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,--ends with the words, — within the District of the Metropolis, or Three Mile3 thereof.

c. 58. An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled " An Act to regulate the Trade of rectifyinj " Spirits, and to prevent Frauds oU His Majesty's Revenue by Rectifiers i " Spirits."

Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. Ch. 24. 91

in part- An Act to enable His Majesty's Forces, under Orders of March, to pass through Turnpikes and over Bridges, Toll free. So far as it relates to Turnpikes.

p. 60. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of Stockbrokers. Section Seven, so far as it relates to the Appropriation of Penalties, and from " in which no Essoign," to the end of the Section.

c. 61. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive and continue the several Laws relating to the curing of Hides, — and ends with the words, — Bark imported into this Kingdom.

c. 62. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be issued with respect to the killing of Game.

c. 64. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for raising the several Sums therein mentioned, for the several Purposes, — and ends with the words, — defraying the Expence of defeating any Enterprise or Design of the common Enemy.

c. 65. An Act the title of which begins with the wards, — An Act for more effectually carrying into execution the Purposes of an Act passed last Session, — and ends with the words, — Persons who have rendered Service by Discovery of Traitors.

40 Geo. 3. c. 1. An Act for enabling His. Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from . the Militia under certain restrictions, and for amending the Law relative to the Militia of Ireland.

c. 2. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to revive with Amendments an Act passed last Session, — and ends with the words, — Properties of His Majesty's faithful subjects within the same.

c. 3. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for securing the payment, of the Annuities, and of the Interest and Charges upon the principal Sums, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred, and for other purposes.

c. 4. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting for one year the several Duties therein mentioned in lieu of all other Duties, — and ends with the words, — Colonies and for other purposes therein mentioned.

c. 5. An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

p. 6. A.n Act to prohibit the making of Malt and distilling of Spirits in this Kingdom, for a limited time.

O. 7, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

c. 8. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

c. 10. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

c. 11. An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled " An Act for continuing and amending the several Acts for " the further Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts " of this Kingdom."

c. 12. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for one Year, from the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred.

c. 13. An Act for further continuing an Act entitled, "An Act for facilitating the " Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of " America." t

o. 14. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for ascertaining the Stock of Foreign Wines belonging to Dealers, — and ends with the words, — America and the West Indies,'in lieu of all other Duties.

c. 15. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — Arms and Ammunition, without License.

c. 16. An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

92

Ch. 24. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 VICf

40 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 17-

c. 18.

c. 19.

c. 20. in part.

c. 22. in part.

c. 23. c. 25.

c. 27. in part.

c. 28.

c. 29. in part.

c. 31.

c. 33. in part.

c. 34.

c. 38.

in part.

i

c. 39.

| 42. c. 43.

e. 44.

c. 45.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Art!

passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, — and ml)I with the words, — for the; better regulation of the Silk Manufacture.

An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governonl of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspejI for conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government.

An Act to enact that part of an Act passed in the" Parliament of England it I the Eighth Year of Richard the Second shall not continue to be of forceini this Kingdom, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the exportation of certau| Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Sections Fifteen and Sixteen.

An Act for the relief of Bankers who have stopped, or who shall stop, Paj.l ment, and who have or shall conform to the directions of the Act of Parlil ment of the Thirty-third of George the Second, called the Banker's Act. I

Section Two.

An Act to quiet and bar all claims of Tythe Agistment for dry'and barren | Cattle. '

An Act for granting an Additional Duty on Refined Sugars imported into thiil : Kingdom.

An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within tlx I Church of Ireland.

Section Four.

An Act for amending an Act passed this Session of Parliament, entitled "Ail " Act to prohibit the Making of Malt and Distilling of Spirits in this I " Kingdom."

An Act to regulate the Mode by which the- Lords Spiritual and Temporal,I and the Commons, to serve in the United Kingdom on the part of Ireland I shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament.

Section One to " from-time to time, as is-herein-after provided."

Section Four to "as the case may require; and".

Sections Five and Six.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for directing, tin I Application of the Sum of Five thousand five, hundred Pounds, — and enhm with the words, — Ten thousand Pounds for the purposes therein mentioned.I

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the better Manage- ment. Support, and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital, — and eiidt I with the words, — Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin..

Sections One and Four.

Sections Eight to Fifteen.

Sections Seventeen and Eighteen.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting Allowances to Bodies Corporate and Individuals, — and ends with theworlt, I — Persons whose Offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in value.

An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

Section One so far as it relates to the Parts of Articles following, namely," I

Article Fourth, — The Tenth Paragraph.

Article Sixth, — The Third Paragraph from " and that for the period " to I the end of that Paragraph, — the Fourth and last Paragraphs, and the I Schedules to Article Sixth, and so much of the rest of that Articled I relates to such Schedules.

An Act for the more speedy Correction of erroneous Judgments given in the Courts of Law in this Kingdom.

An Act for the Relief of Confined Debtors who may be Insolvent.

An Act the title of which begins.with the words, — An Act for better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue,-. — and ends with the words," I Statutes which are mentioned to be continued by this Act!

An Act to prevent Persons from returning to His Majesty's Dominions who I have been, or shall be Transported, Banished, or Exiled on Account d I Rebellion.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for granting to Majesty Excise Duties on Foreign Wines, — and ends with the words," Sweets or made Wines made in Ireland.

40 Geo. 3. — eont.

c. 4o.

c. 49.

c. 50.

c. 51. in part.

c. 52. 0.53. c 54.

c. 55. c. 56.

c. 5".

c. 58.

e. 59.

c. 60.

, c. 62. in part.

c.G3.

167.

/ c. 69. in part.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending an Act, entitled " An Act for confirming the several Grants," — and ends with the words, — Trustees and Commissioners of the said First Fruits.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and continue two several Acts passed in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years, — and ends with the words, — Danger, or sustained Injury in consequence . thereof.

An Act for granting certain Annuities to the Officers and Attendants of both Houses of Parliament, whose Offices and Attendance shall cease after the Union, or whose Offices shall be diminished in Value thereby.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, and for authorizing the Raising of the said Sum by Loan.

Sections One to Nine.

Section Twenty-one.

Sections Twenty-three to Twenty-five.

Sections Twenty-seven and Twenty-eight.

Sections Thirty-one to Thirty-five.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to regulate the Collection of the Rates, — and ends with the words, — to secure the due Payment thereof.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Annuities to the Right Honourable John Monck Mason, and to the Earls of Athlone' and Roscommon, and to the Lord Baron Aylmer, in manner therein mentioned.

An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws for regulating the Issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by retail, and for preventing the immoderate use of Spirituous Liquors.

An Act to encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar for a limited Time.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, — and ends with the words, — His Majesty's Revenue by Rectifiers of Spirits.

An Act to amend and continue an Act passed in the Thirty-Seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign for collecting and securing His Majesty's Revenue upon Malt.

An Act to amend two Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, One intitled " An Act to prohibit the making of Malt and distilling of Spirits in this " Kingdom for a limited Time," and the other for amending the said Act. I.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, — and ends with the words, — to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a further Supply out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied to the Purposes therein mentioned, and for raising by Loan the several Sums therein mentioned.

An Act for amending and making perpetual the several Laws for regulating the Watch in the District of the Metropolis, and for granting a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers.

Section One.

Sections Nineteen to Twenty-two.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the better regulation of and securing the Duties payable on Licenses, — and ends with the words, — Expences of distraining for the 'King's Rents, and for other Purposes.

An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on home-made Spirits.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Lord High Chancellor, — and ends with the words,

. — the Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom.

Sections Two to Six.

Sections Ten, Eleven, and Thirteen.

40 Geo. 3. — cont.

c. 70.

e. 78.

e. 79.

e. 80. ' in part. I

c. 81.

1 83. c. 84. in part.

h. 86. $ 87.

0. 88.

e. 89. I 91. | 96.

An Act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composite. Rents, which have been growing due for Twenty Years before the TwJ ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,t the Terms and in manner therein mentioned.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for amending J Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, — and ends with the niordjJ weighing and delivery of Bark imported into this Kingdom.

An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, andj prevent the Plague and other infectious Distempers being brought intg Ireland, and to hinder the spreading of Infection.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to explain ajJ amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty Reign, — and ends with the words, — further regulation of the election Members to serve in Parliament.

Section Six.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable all ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, Rectors, Vicars, and Curates, — and emii with the words, — against such Persons as were liable to the same.

An Act to facilitate the building and re-building of Churches and Chapels.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for repealing u Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, — and ends will the words, — a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom.

Section One.

Sections Five to Eight.

Section Twelve from " and until such Hospital " to the end of the Section.

Section Thirty-six. . !

Section Forty-one from " that such of the Fellows " to " Fellowships respectively "

Section Forty-three.

Section Forty-four from " provided that " to the end of the Section.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled. An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to continue and amend two several Acts passed in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Yean, — and ends with the words, — Paper Printed, Painted, or Stained, to sent for Hangings and other Uses.

An Act to amend an Act for repair of the Public Roads, and to revive and explain an Act for holding Vestries in the Province of Ulster, and for empowering the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor, to reduce the expence of the Police Establishment. * _ s

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the First Day of June, — and ends with th words, — Sheriffs and other Officers to make the Returns therein specified.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to empower the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Militia, — and ends with the words, — willing to re-eiilist before their Time of Service shall expire.

An Act to revive, amend, continue, or make perpetual certain Temporary Statutes.

29 | 80 Vict. c. 40.

CHAPTER 25,

An Act to give facilities for providing Dispensary Houses and Dwelling Houses for Medical Officers of Dispensary Districts in certain parts of Ireland. [21st July 1879.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled " An Act to authorise a further advance of " money for the purposes of improvement of landed property i®

Ch. 25.

95

1879. . Dispensary Houses (Ireland) Act, 1879.

i " Ireland," after reciting that great benefits had been derived under Certain Acts therein recited* the advance of a further sum of money for the purposes of the said Acts was authorised, and the objects for which such loans might be made were extended, in the manner and subject to the conditions therein set forth:

And whereas for the purpose of more effectually affording medical relief to the poor within dispensary districts of unions in Ireland, it is expedient to give facilities for obtaining loans for the erection, enlargement, improvement, or purchase of houses or buildings as dispensary houses or dwelling houses for medical officers of such districts, and to authorise the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, out of moneys issued to them or to be issued to them in pursuance of the provisions of any of the Acts specified in the schedule to this Act annexed, to make loans to the amount, upon the security} and upon the terms and conditions by this Act authorised; and to make such other provisions as are in this Act contained:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and ' by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Dispensary short title. Houses (Ireland) Act, 1879.

2. In this Act — Interpretation.

The expression " the Commissioners of Public Works " means the

Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland:

The expression "the Local Government Board " means the Local Government Board for Ireland:

, The expression " the Medical Charities Acts " means the Act 14 & 15 Vict. c. 68., and the Acts amending the same:

The expression "owner" means an owner of land within the meaning of the Acts specified in the schedule to this Act annexed:

The expression " dispensary " means a dispensary house for the medical officer of any dispensary district appointed under the Medical Charities Acts:

The expression "dispensary residence " means a dwelling house for any such medical officer.

3. In addition to the purposes for which loans may be niade Loans may be under the provisions of any of the Acts specified in the schedule to by Com-this Act annexed, the Commissioners of Public Works, where they pubTi^Works think fit, may, upon an application made to them by any owner for erecting under the provisions of this Act, and upon production of a certificate dispensaries, signed by the secretary of the Local Government Board according

to the provisions of this Act and subject to such rules and regulations as may from time to time be made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, make a loan for the purpose of assisting such owner in the erection, enlargement, structural improvement, or purchase of any house or building to be used as a dispensary or as a dispensary residence for the dispensary district in which such house or building is situate.

4. Where any owner intends to apply for a loan under the Owners must provisions of this Act he shall cause notice of such intention,

Government Board before applying for loans.

Certificate from Local Government Board required before alteration allowed in plan, &c.

Loan to be repaid by annuity.

Ch. 25; Dispensary Houses (Ireland) Act. 1879.42 & 43 Vic*

together with plans and specifications of the house or buildkl proposed to be erected, enlarged, improved, or purchased in a®*! dispensary district, and of such enlargement and improvement, and! with an estimate of the cost of such erection, enlargement, improve. I ment, or purchase, to be forwarded to the Local Government Board I and the said Board may, if they so think fit, grant to such owner a I certificate? to be signed by the secretary of the said Board, whiclJ certificate shall state —

(a.) That a dispensary or dispensary residence (as the case may! be) in such dispensary district is requisite for the purpose! of affording medical relief in such district:

(6.) That a house or building if erected, enlarged, improved, or pur-f chased in accordance with the said plans, specifications,* and estimate will be conveniently situated and suitably! adapted for the purpose of a dispensary or dispensary! residence as aforesaid.

Provided always, that before granting or refusing to grant any [ such certificate as aforesaid, the Local Government Board may i direct an inquiry to be made by an . inspector of the said Board as to the necessity of a dispensary or dispensary residence within such dispensary district, or as to the situation or fitness of the house or l building proposed to be erected, enlarged, improved, or purchased ! for the purposes aforesaid.

5, Before the Commissioners of. Public Works sanction the alteration or modification of any plan, specification, or estimate originally approved of by them in respect of any house or building for whicl any loan has been agreed- or ordered to be made under the provisions of this Act, or the substitution of any plan, specification, or estimate in whole or in part for any such plan, specification, oi estimate originally approved of as aforesaid, they shall require tfe production by the owner of a certificate from the Local Government Board approving of such alteration, modification, or substitution, which certificate the Local Government Board are hereby authorised, if they so think fit, to grant to such owner.

6. Every loan made under the provisions of this Act shall beat interest at the rate of three and a half per centum per annum from the date of each advance to the fifth day of April or the tenth day of October which shall next happen after such advance, and shall to repaid by the payment to Her Majesty of an annual rentcharge, d five pounds for every one hundred pounds of such loan from time to time advanced, and so in proportion for any lesser amount, to to payable for the term of thirty-five years, to be computed from the first of the said days which shall next happen after the advance in respect of which the rentcharge shall be .charged, such rent-charge to be paid by equal half-yearly payments on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in. every year, the first such payments to be made on the second, of such days which shall happen next after the issue of any such advance in respect of whicl the rentcharge shall be charged: Provided always, that the amount of such annual rentcharge may, by agreement, and with the sate-tion of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, be increased to such amount as will repay the sum so advanced sooner than the sai" period of thirty-five years herein-before appointed.

Ch. 25.

97

1879. Dispensary Houses (Ireland) Act, 1879.

7. All lands npou which any house or building may stand which Loan to be a has been erected, enlarged, improved, or purchased wholly or partly f^ge upon by means of a loan under this Act, and such house or building, and

any other lands adjoining or in the neighbourhood of such first-mentioned lands and settled to the same uses, which the owner of the same may be willing by writing under his hand to make liable to the payment of such rentcharge and interest on such loan, shall be deemed to be and shall be well charged with the payment of such rentcharge and interest on such loan according to the provisions of this Act, and that in priority to all charges and incumbrances whatsoever affecting the same, save and except quitrents and rent-charges in lieu of tithes, and except all charges prior in date (if any) existing under any of the Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act annexed: Provided always, that in case such lands or house or building are held under any grant or demise, nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the right of the grantor or lessor in any such grant or demise or of any superior grantor or lessor.

8. When any loan has been made under the provisions of this Insurance of Act, the Commissioners of Public Works, if they think fit, may >rttoTomb" insure against damage by fire all buildings and erections then or J thereafter standing or being on the lands and premises charged

with such loan, such insurance to' be effected in such insurance ‘ office or, company, and in such sum of money, not exceeding the amount of such loan, as the said Commissioners shall from time to time direct; and the said Commissioners shall keep on foot such insurance as aforesaid, and all premiums, paid thereon by the said Commissioners shall be deemed to be included in all charges and securities whereby repayment of such loan shall be secured, and shall be forthwith recoverable in like manner as any instalment of the rentcharge payable in respect of such loan.

9. The repayment of every loan made under the provisions of Repayment to , this Act shall be secured by an order of the Commissioners of Public ??

Trri i J i . . . , an order or the

Works under their common seal, and, it they require it, by the Commissioners.

further security of at least three persons, the sufficiency and solvency of which persons shall be made out to the satisfaction of the said Commissioners, such security to be subject to such conditions as the said Commissioners deem to be proper; and every such order shall set forth the amount of such loan, the names of the persons to whom or on whose application and on whose security the same has been made, and a description of the lands or premises charged therewith.

In all cases where the said Commissioners have made any such order they shall execute a duplicate thereof, under their common seal, and forthwith cause the said duplicate order to be lodged with the registrar of deeds in the office for registry of deeds in the city of Dublin, and the registrar of the said registry office, his and their assistants, deputies, and other officers, shall register the same in the same manner as any deeds or instruments are registered in the said office, and shall enter a memorial thereof in the abstract hooks and indexes of or relating to memorials registered and kept in the said office, and shall return such registry in -any search made in such registry office: Provided always, that no fees shall be payable in respect of such registration.

G

98 Ch. 25. Dispensary Houses (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict,

Owner and 10. Any owner, and the board of guardians for any union, may board of guar- either before or after any house or building has been erected, «nder into ‘ enlarged, improved, or purchased by such owner under the pro-agreement for visions of this Act, enter into any agreement for the lease .by such in^ereotedf&c owner sac^ board of guardians of such house or building, and of under this Act. the land upon which the same is situate, and of any land connected therewith, at such rent for such term of years, and subject to such conditions as may be agreed upon by such owner and such board of guardians, and as may be approved of by the Local Govern,

ment Board; and any such owner may lease to such board of guar-

dians, and' such board of guardians may take on lease, such house or building at such rent, for such term of years, and upon such conditions as aforesaid.

Sale or lease of 11. Any owner may sell or lease to the board of guardians of

ifbardof0 to auY un^on> and such board of guardians may purchase- or take on

dians, who may ^ease> hi the case of sale for such consideration, or in case of lease, build dispen- at such rent for such term of years (not being more than sixty obta*n years), and subject to such conditions, as may be approved by the purposed SUC Local Government Board, any land, not being more than five acres, situate within any dispensary district within such union, and any house or building situate upon such land; and such board of guardians may erect on any land so purchased or taken by them any house. or building to be used as a dispensary or dispensary residence for such district, or may enlarge or improve any house or building situate upon any such land; and any house or building purchased, taken on lease, enlarged, or improved as aforesaid, shall, while the same remains in the possession of such board of guardians, be used as a. dispensary or dispensary residence as aforesaid.

For the purpose of purchasing.any lands or any house or building, or of erecting, enlarging, or improving any house or building, under the provisions of this section, the board of guardians in any union shall be deemed to be included within the term " owner " as defined by this- Act, and such purchase, erection, enlargement, or improvement shall be purposes for which the Commissioners of Public- Works may make loans, subject to the provisions of the Acts specified in the schedule to this Act annexed, and of this Act, so far as the same are applicable : Provided always, that where any loan has been made to any board of guardians for the purchase, erection, enlargement, or improvement of any house or- building situate within any dispensary district, the poor rates of the electoral I division or divisions comprised within such dispensary district shall be deemed to be charged with the payment of the rentcharge payable to Her Majesty under the provisions of this Act in respect of such loan.

For the purpose of the sale and purchase of any lands or houses or buildings under the provisions of this section, all the provisions 8 & 9 Vict. of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and of the Lands 23& 24 Vi t Clauses -Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, (except the pro-c. 106. 1 visions of the said first-mentioned Act with respect to the purchase

and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and with respect to the entry upon lands by the promoters of the undertaking,) shall be incorporated with and form part of this section; provided that

1879.. Dispensary Houses (Ireland) Act, 1879. Ch. 25. 99

for the purpose of such incorporation the expression " the special Act " used ip the provisions of the said Acts shall be construed to mean this section, and the expression " the promoters of the undertaking " shall he construed to mean such guardians as . aforesaid.

12. The board of guardians of any union may from time to time, Guardians may with the consent of the Local Government Board, sell and dispose

of any lands, houses, or buildings purchased or erected by them required for under this Act (when and so soon as any loan charged thereon dispensaries, under the provisions of this Act has been repaid) which they may not require for the purpose of a dispensary or dispensary residence.

All moneys arising from the sale or disposal of any such lands, houses, or buildings shall be carried to the credit of the electoral division or divisions comprised within such dispensary district, and shall be expended in relief of the poor rates of the same, according to the net annual value of each such division in accordance with the valuation thereof in force for the time being under the Acts relating to the valuation of rateable property, in Ireland.

13. All expenses incurred by the board of guardians of any Expenses union under the provisions of this Act in respect of any dispensary incurred by

or dispensary residence within any dispensary district of such union fhar^don0^ shall be charged on the poor-rates of the electoral division or electoral divi-divisions comprised within such dispensary district, according to ®1.ons within the net annual value of each such division, in accordance with the diXfct.ary valuation thereof in force for the time being under the Acts relating

o - t o

to the valuation of rateable property m Ireland : Provided always, that where any dispensary residence has been erected, enlarged, improved, purchased, or taken on lease "by any board of guardians under the provisions of this Act, the amount of annual rent paid by such guardians in respect thereof, or such annual sum as the Local Government Board may consider as a reasonable rent for the use of such residence, may, with the consent of the Local Government Board, be deducted from the salary payable by such guardians to the medical officer residing in such residence.

14. No order, mortgage, bond, obligation, security, contract, agree- Mortgages,

ment, or other instrument whatsoever executed under the provisions bonds, &c. of this Act, nor any memorial thereof for registration, shall be liable ^emptfom to any stamp duty whatever. stamp duty.

15. Except as by this Act specially provided, all the powers, Provisions of provisions, matters, and things in the Act specified in the schedule form«r A.cts to this Act annexed, or any of them contained or referred to, and schedule to relating to the security for and repayment and recovery of loans apply to this under the provisions of the same, shall be deemed to apply to all Act.

loans made under this Act, and to the security for repayment and recovery of the same, in like manner in every respect as if such loans were made under the authority of the said Acts or of any of them. jjftjgg y . ' ;

16. This Act and the Acts specified in the schedule to- this Act This Act and

annexed shall be read together and construed as one Act, save so ^csehePduie to far as the provisions of this Act may be' inconsistent with the be construed provisions of the aforesaid Acts or any of them. as one Act*

100

Ch. 25,26,27. Dispensary Houses (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vioji

Sections 2,9, 7s 11,15,16.

SCHEDULE.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 59.

13 &14 Vict. c. 31. 15 & 16 Vict. c. 34. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19.

54 & 25 Vict. c. 71. 29 & SO Vict. c. 40.

. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 82. < 40 & 41 Vict. c. 27.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the Salmon Fishery Act with relation I to fixed Engines in Tidal Waters. [21st July 1879.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to the salmon fisheries in England and Wales with reference to the close time for fixed engines in tidal waters:$

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the1 advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal I and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,'and by thlei authority of the same,' as follows Construction 1. This Act shall be read as one- with the Salmon Fishery Afflsi of Act. 1861 to 1876.

Alteration of 2.' Notwithstanding anything in the Salmon Fishery Acts, 186h to°SuttsaandaS 1876, contained, the annual close season for putts and putch^ra putchera. shall commence on the first day of September in each year, and;

terminate on the first day of May in the erisuing year, both inclusive; j None of the provisions of the said Acts as to the weekly close season] shall apply to putts ot* putchers. '

Short title. 3. This Act may be cited as the Salmon Fishery Law Amendmera Act, 1879.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to. empower Parliamentary Burghs in Scotland^] become members olthe Convention of Ifcoyal Burghs.' j

‘ [21st July 1879.]

WHEREAS the Convention of Royal BurghS of .Scotland has existed from the' most remote times, and has held meetings! (at which the Royal Burghs were represented by Commissioners and Assessors):

And whereas the said Convention has been authorised and Teg'll lated by varibus Royal Charters and Acts of Parliament, and among! others by the Statutes 14th James III.,'Chapter III., and oth JaplfI VI, chapter 64., and 19th. James VI., chapter 6.:

And whereas the Whole Parliamentary Burghs of Scotland enn;j merated in the annexed Schedule are desirous otjoining the Con* Vention, and it ii# expedient to make groViSioh for enabling suebj Bttrghs to join the Convention:$

Be it enacted by the* Queen's foost Excellent Majesty, by and' with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal

101

1879. convention of Royal BurgJis (Scotland) Act, 1879. Ch. 27.

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1, 'This Act may be -cited as the Convention of Royal Burghs Short title. (Scotland) Act, 1879.

2, It shall be lawful for the Convention of the "Royal Burghs of Power to Scotland to admit to the Convention any Parliamentary Burgh B^gh^t© join situated in Scotland, upon such terms as may be agreed on between and become, the Convention -and such Burgh-; and the Convention on the one membersj of the hand, and; the Town Council of such Burgh On the other, are Convention, hereby authorised and empowered to make and enter into all such agreements and writings as may be necessary to carry into effect anyiiesolution of the Convention or of such Burgh with respect

to such Burgh joining the Convention; and provided such agree- ' meat shall be lodged for registration within fourteen days from the last date thereof in the Sheriff-Court books of the county within which such Burgh shall be situate, such Burgh shall become a part of the. Convention of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, and be represented therein by a Commissioner and Assessor in like manner as me Royal Burghs of Scotland are therein represented, and such agreement shall be terminable by either party on twelve months notice, and have the like force and effect as if the same had formed part of this Act; provided that no Parliamentary Burgh shall have any vote in any question affecting' the land tax, if- any powers acting the said tax are at present vested by law in the'Convention.

3. The Town Council or other local authority of any Parliamentary Power to Amke Burgh joining the. Convention of Royal Burghs may annually pro- aDn"1' P?*"

j .c -i #» J . 9 ,. J r j mentto Con-

vide for and pay any sum ot money not exceeding fifteen pounds Vention. payable by such Burgh to the Convention out of the police assessment or other rates leviable under the provisions of any General or Local Act of Parliament, or out of the, commpn good , of such .Parliamentary Burgh:

4. Nothing herein Contained shall extend, alter, or impair the Existing rights rights, privileges, or powers presently possessed by the Convention reserved-

of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, which shall, notwithstanding the passing of this Act, remain entire.

‘.SCHEDULE

OF THE PARLIAMENTARY BURGHS OP SCOTLAND REFERRED . TO IN THE FOREGOING: ACT.

1. Airdrie. p Urom'arty. 3. Falkirk. ^Galashiels. o.Greenock.

6. Hamilton. 11. Oban.

7. ' Hawick. 12.' Paisley.

"8. Kilmarnock. . 13. Peterhead.

-. 9. Leith. 14. Port Glasgow.

10; Musselburgh. ‘ 15. PortobellK

X02 Ch. 28,29. (Jmmntion (Irdcmd) Act Repeal Ad, 1879. 42 & 4$ I

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to repoa! the Convention (Ireland) Act, passed jj the Irish Parliament in the thirty-third year <of the reig^l . of His late Majesty King George the Third, and to I amend and declare the Law in certain cases in respect] to Assemblies and Public Meetings. [21st July 1879J

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and] with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal! and Commons, in this present-Parliament'.assembled, and by the! authority of the same, as follows Repeal of 1. A certain Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the thirty.! 83 G. 3. c. 29. -third year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled I " An Act to prevent the election or appointment of unlawfolj " assemblies under pretence of presenting public petitions or other! " addresses to His Majesty or the Parliament," shall be and is I hereby repealed.

Re-enactment 2. Notwithstanding the repeal of the aforesaid Act of the Irish! re P aled Act. it shall efuaUy continue and shall be an offence punid3

p 0 able with fine and imprisonment, or with one only of Such punM-I ments, at the discretion of the Court before-which-the offender isl convicted, for any person or persons, either as elector, candidate, ml representative, to take part in the election* or proceedings of any! assembly, other than Parliament as by law constituted, which dud. propose to take or shall take upon itself, or wilfully permit to-be attributed to it the functions of either House of Parliament, oi any of them, or having for its object or tendency to bring Parliament,

- into hatred or contempt.

This Act shall not exempt any person from any proceeding-# an offence punishable at common law. or under'any 'statute.

Short title. 3. This Act maybe cited for all purposes ias the Convention (Ireland) Act Repeal Act, 1879.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages of British subjects on hoard Her Majesty'f ships. -; . [21st July 18791

TX WHEREAS officers commanding Her Majesty's ships on foieignj stations have permitted marriages to, be solemnized accordnffl to religious rites or ceremonies, or to be contracted per verba presenti in the presence of such officers, in the belief that marriage^ were authorised by law to be so solemnized and contracted, and doubts have arisen with respect to the validity of such marriage^ and it is expedient t<J- confirm the same:

Be it therefore; enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty! by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and 1 by the authority" of the same, as follows':

1. This Act may he cited as the Confirmation of Marriages o» I Her Majesty's Ships Act, 1879.

Short title.

103

1870. Confirmation of Marriages on EM, Skips Act, 1879. Ch. 29,30.

2. All marriages, both of the parties being British subjects, which ConfinnatiOT before the passing of this Act have been solemnized on board one of British86* of Her Majesty's vessels ,on a foreign station in the presence of the subjects officer commanding such vessel, whether solemnized according to on

any religious rite or ceremony, or contracted per verba de presenti, Majesty's ships, shall be valid in-like manner as if the same had been solemnized within Her Majesty's dominions with the due observance of all forms required by law.

! Provided that this enactment shall not render valid any marriage which before the passing of this Act has been declared invalid by' any court of competent jurisdiction in any proceeding touching such marriage, or any right dependent on the validity or invalidity thereof, or render valid any marriage where either of the parties has before the passing of this Act and during the life of the other party lawfully intermarried with any person.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Sale of Pood and Drugs Act, 1875.

[21st July 1879.]

WHEREAS conflicting decisions have been given in England and in Scotland in regard to the meaning and effect of section six of the Sale of Pood and Drugs Act, 1875, in this Act referred as.& 39 Vict. to as the principal Act, and it is expedient, in this respect and c-63* otherwise, to amend the said Act: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Sale' of Pood Short title, and Drugs Act Amendment Act, 1879.

2. In any prosecution under the provisions of the principal Act In sale ofadul-for selling to the prejudice of the purchaser any article of food or ^en^to6* any drug which is not of the nature, substance, and quality of the l^ege purchase article demanded by such purchaser, it shall be no defence to any for analysis, such prosecution to allege that the purchaser, having bought only for analysis, was not prejudiced by such sale. Neither shall it-be a good defence to prove that the* article of food or drug in question, though defective in nature or in substance or in quality, was not defective in all thre'e respects;

3. Any medical officer of health, inspector of nuisances, or inspector Officer, inspec-of Weights and measures, or any inspector of a market, or any police constable under the direction and at the cost of the local obtainaswnpie authority appointing such officer, inspector, or constable, or charged of milk at the with the execution of this Act, may procure at the place of delivery any sample of any milk in course of delivery to the purchaser 'or to analyst, consignee in pursuance of any contract for the sale- to such purchaser or consignee of such milk and stlch officer, inspector, 'or constable, if he suspect the same to have been sold- contrary any of the provisions of the principal Act, hhall submit the same to be analysed, and the sam% shall be analysed, and proceedings shall be token, and penalties on conviction be enforced in like manner in all respects as

Penalty for refusal to give milk for analysis.

Extension of Act as to sale in streets, &c.

Reduction allowed to the extent of 25 degrees under proof for brandy ,whisky, or nun, and 35 degrees for gin. Extension of meaning of " county."

Quarter sessions boroughs not to contribute to county analyst.

5 & 6 W. 4. e. 76.

Provision for boroughs with separate police.

Special provision as to time for proceedings.

Ch. 30. Sale of Food, <&o. Act Amendment Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yI(*

if such officer, inspector, or constable had purchased the same from I the seller or consignor under section thirteen of the principal Act I

4. The seller or consignor or any person or persons entrusted LI him for the time being with the charge of such milk, if he shal refuse to allow such officer, inspector, or constable to take the quantity which such officer, inspector, or constable shall require for the purpose of analysis, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding tea pounds.

5. Any street or open place of public resort shall be held to come within the meaning of section seventeen of the principal Act.

6. In determining whether an offence has been committed under section six of the said Act by selling, to the prejudice of the purchaser, spirits not adulterated otherwise than by the admixture of I water, it shall be a good defence to prove that such admixture has not reduced the spirit more than twenty-five degrees under proof j for brandy, whisky, or rum, or thirty-five degrees under proof for 1 gbi.

7. Every liberty having a separate court of quarter sessions, except a liberty of a cinque port, shall be deemed to be a county within the meaning of the said Act.

8. The town council of any borough having a separate court of quarter sessions shall be exempt from contributing towards the ex- 1 penses incurred in the execution of the principal Act in respect of the county within which such borough is situate, and the treasurer of the county shall exclude the expenses so incurred from the account required by section one hundred and seventeen of the Municipal Corporation Act, 1835, to be sent by him to such town council.

9. The town council of any borough having under any general or local Act of Parliament, or otherwise, a separate police establishment, and being liable to be assessed to the county rate of the county within' which the borough is situate, shall be. paid by the justices of such county the proportionate amount contributed towards the expenses incurred by the county in the execution of the principal Act by the several parishes and parts of parishes within such borough in respect of the rateable value of the property assessable therein, as ascertained by the valuation lists for the time being in force.

10. In all prosecutions under the principal Act, and notwithstanding the provisions of section twenty of the said Act, the summons to appear before, the magistrates shall be served upon the person charged with violating the provisions of the said Act within a reasonable time, and in the case of a perishable article not exceeding twenty-eight days from the time of the purchase from such person for test purposes of the food or drug, for the sale of which in contravention to the terms of the principal Act the seller is rendered liable to prosecution, and particulars of the offence or, offences against the sai'd Act of which the seller is accused, and also the name of the prosecutor, shall be stated on the summons, and the summons shall not be made returnable in a less firne than seven days from the day it is served upon the person summoned.

Public Health (Interments) Act, 1879. Ch. 31, 32.

105

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, as to Interments. [21st July 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with- the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of this same, as follows; (that is to say,) -

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Interments) Short title and Act, 1879, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health Act, 1875, in this Act called the principal Act. c- 55. ict‘

2. (1.) The provisions of the principal Act, as to a plg.ee for the ^he prov;_ reception of the dead before interment, in the 'principal sions of Act called a mortuary, shall extend to a place for the in- * 3^tended ' terment of the dead, in this Act called a cemetery; and to eemeteries. the purposes of the principal Act shall include the acquisition, construction, and maintenance of a cemeteiy.

(2.) A local authority may acquire, construct, and maintain a cemetery either wholly or partly within or without their district, subject as to works without their, district for the purpose of a cemetery to the provisions of the principal Act as to sewage works by a local authority without their 38 & 39 Vict. district. c. 55. ss. 32-34.

(3.) A local authority may accept a donation of land for the purpose of a cemetery, and a donation of money or other property for enabling them to acquire, construct, or maintain a cemetery,

3. The Cemeteries Clauses Act, 1847, shall be incorporated with io & 11 vict;

' Act.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to bring into force the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, and for other purposes.

[24th July 1879.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and thirty-five thousand six hundred and twenty-five men, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home ^and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the H:u-in^Mutiny United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her

ao6

Mutiny and Marine Mutiny Acts, Preamble.

42 & 48 Vict. a 83.

Short title.

Definition of ' Army Mutiny Act and Marine Mutiny Act.

Ch. 32. Army Discipline, <bo. (GommenaeK) Ad, 1879. 42 & 43'Vioi I

Majesty's fleet and. naval service, under the direction of the to^l High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners f<J executing the office of Lord, High Admiral as aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quarter or fee on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships y| merchant ships or vessels, or ships or vessels of Her Majesty, of other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected! in time of peace to any kind of ounishment within this realm bjffl martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his 1 peers, and. according to the known and established laws of this ] realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the | before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, | In their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persongl belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or 1 desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a j more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms the law will allow:

.And whereas a Bill has been brought,into Parliament intitule® the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, and the object of such Bill is to projide for the discipline and regulation of Her Majesty's forces, including the said Royal Marine forces:$

And whereas it is provided by the said Bill that when passed into j an Act it shall not come into force except in pursuance of an annual! Act of Parliament to be thereafter passed bringing the same into! force, and shall continue in force only for such time, and subject toj such provisions, as may he specified in' such last-mentioned Act :-f« And whereas it is expedient to provide, for the bringing iota force and for the continuance in force of the said Bill so intituled] as aforesaid, in the event of the same becoming an Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,'! by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual aid Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Army Discipfi#®.* and Regulation (Commencement) Act, 1879.

2. The Army Mutiny Act means .the Act of the session of the forty-first and. forty-second .years of, the .reign, of Her present Majesty, chapter ten, intituled "An Act for punishing mutiny and " desertion, and for. the better payment of the army and their " quarters," as continued by the Act of the present session of Parlia* ment, chapter four, intituled " An Act continue for three months " the Act of the session of the : forty-first and forty-second yearssof 1 the reign-of ller present Majesty, chapter ten, intituled * An Act " ‘ for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better .payment ¥ f of the army and-their quarters.'*-'' yp

The Marine Mutiny Act means thjfe Act of the Session of the forty-first and i forty-second years of the reign of . Her present Majesty, chapter eleven, intituled " An Act for the regulation of. Hl| " Majesty's royal marine forces while oh shore," as Continued by

107

1879- Army Discipline, <&q. (Commence.) Act, 1879. Ch. 32.

the Act of the present session of Parliament, chapter five, intituled a An Act to continue for three months the Act of the session of the « forty-first and forty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eleven, intituled | An Act for the regulation of «| Her .Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore.'"

3, The Bill intituled the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, Commence-1879, shall in the event of the same becoming an Act of Parliament, '^tt£"dof come into and be in force at and for the times herein-after mentioned, 42 & 43 vict> and np longer; unless otherwise provided by Parliament j that is to c. 33.

say,

,..(1.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the twenty-fifth day of JUlyone thousand eight hundred and seventy-mine to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty, both inclusive; and

(2.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West 1 ^Indies and America, from the first day of November one '

! thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty, both inclusive; and (3.) Elsewhere, whether within or without. Her Majesty's do-' minions, from the first day of March one thousand eight; hundred and eighty to the thirty-first day of December fin the same year, both inclusive: and the day upon which, the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 42 & 43 Vict. 1879, so comes into force in any place is in this Act and in c. 33. reference to such place referred to as the commencement of that Act.

Provided that the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1.879, 42 & 43 Vict. shall, if promulgated in any general order in any place out of the c-33-United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, come into full force from and after the date named in such general order, anything in this section contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

If the Army Mutiny Act or the. Marine Mutiny Act is in force in any place on the day on which the Army Discipline and Regulation 42 & 43 Vict. Act, 1879, comes into force in that place, then the Army Mutiny <* 33.

Act or the Marine Mutiny Act, as circumstances require, shall be deemed to have expired at the commencement of that day.

4. Where in any place before the commencement of the Army Adjustment Discipline! and Regulation Act, 1879, a court-martial under the of PMt an.^ i Army Mutiny Act or the Marine Mutiny Act has been convened

for the trial of any offender, such trial may be carried on and the 43 & *3 Vict. offender may be. sentenced and punished in the same manner in all c- 83* respects as if the Act. under which the court-martial was held had not expired: Provided that the offender shall not be subjected to any greater punishment than he would be subject to for his offence .if his'offence had been committed against the Army Discipline and 42 & 43 Vict. Regulation Act, 1879. . c-33-

Subject as aforesaid, all crimes and offences which have been committed against the. Army Mutiny Act or any former Act for punishing mutiny and desertion and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and all offences, which have been committed against the Marine Mutiny Act, or any former Act for the regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while on shore, or against any rules,

Ch. 32. Army Discipline, <&c. (Commence1) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict;

regulations, or articles of war made or in force in pursuance of any of the said Acts, may be tried and punished in like manner as if they had been committed against the Army Discipline and Regula.

42 & 43 Vict. tion Act, 1879, subject to the restrictions in the said Act contained c-38, as to the time within which persons may be tried or punished for

offences in pursuance of the said Act.

All sentences imposed under the Army Mutiny Act or any former Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and all sentences imposed under the Marine Mutiny Act, or any former' Act for the regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while on shore, or under any rules, regulations, or articles of war made or in force by virtue of any of the said Acts may, after the expiration of the said Acts or any of them, be carried I into effect in the same manner in all respects as if such Acts had 42 & 43 Vict. not expired, and the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, c- 3 ' had not come into force : Provided that the provisions of the Army

42 & 43 Vict.; Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, with respect to the commutation | c- 33, and remission of sentences and the discharge of offenders, shall be i

applicable to any offender sentenced under any of such former Acts, rules, regulations, or articles in the same manner as if he had 42 & 43 Vict. been sentenced under the said Army Discipline and Regulation Act,

e. 33. 187Q

The expiration' of the Army Mutiny Act and the Marine Mutiny Act shall not affect —

. (a.) Anything duly done or suffered under any enactment therein contained; or

. (Jb.) Except in so far as the same are altered or affected by the 42 & 43 Vict. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, any office,

c. 33. power, right, privilege, or obligation conferred, acquired,

accrued, or incurred under any enactment therein contained.

The commencement of the Army Discipline Act shall not, nor shall the expiration of any enactment contained in the Army Mutiny Act, or the Marine Mutiny Act, affect the position of any soldier , 42 & 43 Vict. enlisted or re-engaged before the commencement of the Army Discipline and Regulation. Act, 1879, as respects the reckoning of service, the forfeiture of service, his liability to serve' or to be detained in service, or his liability to transfer from one. corps to another, or to the reserve;.and the enactments relating to those matters, including any Article of War, shall continue to apply to such soldier unless he consents to' the application to him of the 42 & 43 Vict. provisions of Part II. of the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, a"33' 1879, relating to the Same matters.

Every commission or warrant granted under the Army Mutiny1 Act and the Marine Mutiny Act, or either of such Acts, for the holding or convening of courts-martial, or for authorising any person to convene courts-martial, shall remain in force until revoked, and may be used for the purpose of holding or convening courts-martial or authorising any person to convene courts-martial, under c233 43 VICT Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.

Construction of if Any reference in any Act of .'Parliament Or other document to Acts referring the Army Mutiny Act or the Marine Mutiny Act, of any Act for the A^iwdA^i Pun*skuient mutiny and desertion or for the regulation of the cles of War. " Royal Marine forces when on shore, or the Articles of War made

109

under any of .such Acts, shall after the commencement of the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, be' deemed to refer to 42 & 43 Vict. the corresponding provisions .of that Act: Provided that as respects c*38, section thirty-one of the Militia Voluntary Enlistment Act, 1875, 38 & 39 vict. the form of oath therein mentioned shall continue to be referred c- 69-to, and also so much of the Army Mutiny Act as relates to the auxiliary or reserve forces, and is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, and also 42 & 43 Vict. so much of the Array Mutiny Act as repeals or amends any other c-33-Act, shall continue in force so long and in the same places as the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, continues in force in 42 & 43 Vict. such places. p. 33.

Any reference in the Reserve Force Act, 1867, or in any other 30 & 31 vict. Act, to the first term of enlistment of a soldier shall, in the case of c‘110-a soldier enlisted under the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 42 & 43 Vict. 1879, be construed to refer to the term of his original enlistment c- 33, within the meaning of that Act.

6. Any building or part of a building which at the commencement f".j. of the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, is by law set tery prfson8. apart as a military prison shall be dfeemed, until otherwise directed 42 & 43 Vict by a Secretary of State in pursuance of the said Act, to be a c- 38* military prison set apart and declared under the Army Discipline 42 & 43 Vict. and Regulation Act, 1879.

7. Any enactments inconsistent with the provisions of the Repeal of Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, shall, on that Act ^s^ct coming into force in any place, be repealed as respects that place, c. 33.

8. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house Prices in

for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Fi®s.P®ft of Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, the prices specified in the 42 & 43 vict. Schedule hereto. c- 33.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided.

Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse.

Lodging and attendance for officer

and .one penny half-Fourpence per day.

One shilling and ninepence per day. Two shillings per night.

Twopence halfpenny per night.

One shilling penny each.

Note. — An‘ officer shall pay for his food.

Dh 33 Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vir^ 110 . - (Part I. Discipline.)

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. [24th July 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by am} with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem. poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

Short title of Act.

Mode of bringing Act into force.

Division of Act.

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.

2. This Act shall not come into force except in pursuance of an annual Act of Parliament to be hereafter passed bringing the same into force, and shall continue in force only for such time and subject to such provisions as may be specified in such last-mentioned Act.

3. This Act is divided into five parts, relating to the following subject-matters; that is to say,

Part L, discipline:

Part II.? enlistment:

Part III., billeting and impressment of carriages:$

Part IV., general provisions:

Part V., application of military law, saving provisions, and definitions. '

. PART I. DISCIPLINE.

Offences in respect of Military Service.

Offences in relation to the enemy punishable with death.

(10

Mutiny Act, 15. Art. of War, 52.

I *.i

Art. of War, 56.

VO./

Mutiny Act, 15. Art. of War, 51, i 69.

120

Art. of War, 61.

See Art. of War 171.

Crimes and Punishments.

Offences i/n respect of Military Service.

4r. Every person subject to military law who commits any of the following offences; that is to say,

(1.) Shamefully abandons or delivers up any garrison, place, post, or guard, or uses any means to compel or induce any governor, commanding officer, or other person shamefully to abandon or deliver up any garrison, place, post, or guard, which it was the duty of such governor, officer, or person to defend; or . < .

(2.) Shamefully caste away his arms, ammunition, or tools in the presence of the enemy; or (3.) Treacherously holds correspondence with or gives intelligence to the enemy, or treacherously or through cowardice sends a flag of truce to the enemy; or (4.) Assists the enemy with arms, ammunition, or supplies, or knowingly harbours or protects an enemy not being . prisoner; or

jj (5.) Having been made a prisoner of war, voluntarily serves with or voluntarily aids the enemy; or (6.) Knowingly does when on active service any act calculated to imperil the success of Her Majesty's forces or any part thereof; or

Ill

(Part I. Discipline.)

' Offences in

(7.) Misbehaves or induces others to misbehave before the enemy respect of in such manner as to show cowardice, Service.

shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer death, or (7.) such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned. Art'o/war,' 52!

5. Every person subject to military law who on active service Offences in

commits any of the following offences; that is to say, relation to the

(1.) Without orders from his superior officer leaves the ranks, p"n"hablewith in order to secure prisoners or horses, or on pretence of death, taking wounded men to the rear; or

(2.) Without orders from his superior officer wilfully destroys or '0 (2 f*''

damages any propertyor .Art., of war, 103.

(3.) Is taken prisoner, by want of due precaution, or through Arfc o( C5 disobedience of orders, or wilful neglect of duty, or having and see 171.' been taken prisoner fails to rejoin Her Majesty's service when able to rejoin the same; or (4.) Without due authority either holds correspondence with, or Mut. (£)fc 13 gives intelligence to, or sends a flag of truce to the enemy; Art. of War! 51, or

. (5.) By word of mouth or in writing spreads reports calculated f C1 to create unnecessary alarm or despondency; or (6.) In action, or previously to going into action, uses words Art of$-]r 6, calculated to create alarm or despondency; shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer penal servitude, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

6. Every person subject to military law who commits any of

the following offences; that is to say, . more severely

(1.) Leaves his commanding officer to go in sdarch of plunderor on active ser-

.(2.) Without orders from his superior officer, leaves his guard, t^n at * v r ' other times,

pxcquet, patrol, or post; or

. (3.) Forces a safeguard; or Art. of war, 63.

(4.) Forces or strikes a sentry 1 or . Art. of War, 65.

(5.) Impedes the provost marshal or any officer legally exer- Art: of War, es.

cising authority under or on behalf of the provost marshal, &

or, when called on, refuses to assist in the execution of

his duty the provost marshal or any such officer; or

(6.) Does violence to any person bringing provisions or supplies pH.

to the forces 1 or commits any offence against the property ws.' a '

or person of any inhabitant of or resident in the country i|.eMutinyAct'

in which he is serving; or

(7.) Breaks into any house or other place in search of plunder : . (7.)

. A r v Art. of War, 68.

or

(8.) By discharging firearms, drawing swords, beating drums, Al[ 0l\vur 65. making signals, using words, or by any means whatever, intentionally occasions false alarms in action, on the march, iii the field, or elsewhere; or (9.) Treacherously makes known the parole or watchword to ||1|| |g any person not entitled to receive it | or, without good and eo.' sufficient cause, gives a parole or watchword different from what he received; or (.10.) Irregularly detains or appropriates to his own corps or Art>0rwlr.ee. detachment any provisions or supplies proceeding to the forces, contrary to any orders issued in that respect; or

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yror (Part I. Discipline.)

Offences in respect of , Military Service. Misbehaviour of sentinel.

(It) (a.) Mutiny Act, 15. Art. ot War, 5?.

(11.) (A.) Mutiny Act, 15. Art. of War, 57.

Art. o! War, 71.

Art. of War, 54, 60.

(11.) Being a sentinel, commits any of the following offences; tW is to say,

(a.) sleeps or is drunk on his post; or (b.) leaves his post before he is regularly relieved, shall, on conviction by court-martial, if he' commits any such offence on active service, be liable to suffer death, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned' and

if he commits any such offence not on active service, be liable, if an officer, to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned. Every person subject to military law who commits any of the I following offences; (that is to say,)

(12.) By discharging firearms, drawing' swords, beating drums, I making signals, using words, or by any means whatever, I negligently occasions false alarms in action, on the march, I in the field, or elsewhere; or (13.) Makes known the parole or watchword to any person not entitled to receive it; or, without good and sufficient cause, , gives a parole or watchword different from what he received,

shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to be | cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punish- ment as is in this . Act mentioned.

Mutiny and Insubordination. Mutiny and

sedition. , IS Mutiny Act, 15. Art. of War, 86. m

(2.) Naval Discipline Act, 3. IS. | (2-)

(8.) Mutiny Act, 15. Art. of War, 86. n

(4.) Mutiny Act, 15. Art. of War, 36. . pi

Striking or threatening superior officer. Mutiny Act, 15. Art. of War, 87.

Mutiny and Insubordination.

7. Every person subject to military law who commits any of

mutiny or sedition in. any forces belonging to Her Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces, or Navy; or ndeavours to seduce any person in Her Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces or Navy from allegiance to Her Majesty, or to persuade any person' in Her Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces, or Navy, to join in any mutiny or sedition; or ?

fins in, or being present does not use his utmost endear vours to suppress, anyr mutiny, or sedition in any forces belonging to Her Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces, or Navy; .or

oming to the knowledge of any actual or intended mutiny or sedition in any forces belonging to Her Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces, or Navy, does not without delay inform his commanding officer of the same, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer death or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

8. Every person subject to military law who commits any of the following offences; that is to say,

Strikes or uses or offers any violence to his superior officer, being in the execution of his office,

1879. Array Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. 113

(Part I. Discipline.)

shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer death, or such Mutiny and less punishment as is in this Act mentioned; and ^natim1'

Every person subject to military law who commits any of the following offences; that is to say,

Strikes or uses or offers any violence to his superior officer, or Art. uses threatening or insubordinate language to his superior officer,

shall on conviction by court-martial, if he commits such offence on active service, be liable to suffer penal servitude or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned; and if he commits such offence not on active service, be liable, if an officer, to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

9. Every person subject to military law who commits the follow- Disobedience

ing offence; that is to say, officer*"01

Disobeys in such manner as to show a wilful defiance of authority Mutiny Act 15 any lawful command given personally by his superior officer in ah. of war,' ss. the execution of his office, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer death, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned; and Every person subject to military law who commits the following offence; that is to say,

Disobeys any lawful command given by his superior officer, shall, on conviction by court-martial, if he commits such offence on active service, be liable to suffer penal servitude, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned; and

if he commits such offence not on active service, be liable, if an officer, to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

10. Every person subject to military law who commits any of Insubordina-

the following offences; that is to say, tion-

(1.) Being concerned in any fray', refuses to obey any officer Art. of War, 40. (though of inferior rank) who orders him into arrest, or strikes or uses or offers violence to any such officer; or (2.) Strikes or uses or offers violence to any person, whether subject to military law or not, in whose custody he is placed, and who is nob his superior officer; or (3.) Resists an escort whose duty it is to apprehend him or to have him in charge; or (4.) Being a soldier breaks out of barracks, camp, or quarters; shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

11. Every person subject to military law who commits the fol- Neglect to obey

lowing offence; that is to say, Sorters.

neglects to obey any general garrison or other orders, ah. of War,

shall, on conviction by court-martial, be liable, if an officer, to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

114

Desertion, Fraudulent Enlistment, and Absence without Leave. Desertion,

Mutiny Act, 15. Art. of War, 42, 44.

Art. of War, 49.

Fraudulent

enlistment.

Mutiny Act, 15, 50.

Art. of War, 42.

Art. of War, 49.

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Yip. I (Part I. Discipline.)

Desertion, Fraudulent Enlistment, and Absence without Leave. I

12. Every person subject to military law who commits any gtl the following offences; that is to say,

(1.) Deserts or attempts to desert Her Majesty's service; or (2.) Persuades, endeavours to persuade, procures, or attempts y procure, any person subject to military law to desert from I Her Majesty's service, shall, on conviction by court-martial, —

(a.) if he committed such offence when ou active service or under} orders for active service, be liable to suffer death, or such F less punishment as is in this Act mentioned; and (b.y if he committed such offence under any other circumstances, I be liable for the first offence to suffer imprisonment, or I such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned; and! for the second or any subsequent offence to suffer penal! servitude, or such less punishment as is in this Act! mentioned.

Where an ofiender has fraudulently enlisted once or oftener, he! may, for the purposes of trial for the offence of deserting ort attempting to desert Her Majesty's service, be deemed to belong to j any one or more of the corps to which he has been appointed or[ transferred as well as to the corps to which he properly belongs;! and it shall be lawful to charge an offender with any number oil offences against this section at the same time, and to give evidence! of such offences against him, and if he be convicted thereof tot punish him accordingly.

13. Every person subject to military law who commits any off the following offences; that is to say,

(1.) When belonging to either the regular forces, the reserve! forces, or the militia, without having first obtained * [ regular discharge therefrom, or otherwise fulfilled the con- ditions enabling him to enlist, enlists in Her Majesty's [ regular forces,

(2.) When belonging to the regular forces without having fulfill^ the conditions enabling him to enlist, enrol, or enter, enlists! in the militia, or enrols himself, or enlists in any of M reserve forces, or enters the Royal Navy, . shall be deemed to have been guilty of fraudulent enlistment, a"® I shall on conviction by court-martial be. liable —

(a.) for the first offence to suffer imprisonment, or such 1^1 punishment as is in this Act mentioned; and (&.) for the second or any subsequent offence to suffer penal sei'I vitude, or such less punishment as is in this Act mention^* Where an offender has fraudulently enlisted on several occasion*! he may, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to belong H any one or more of the corps to which he has been appointed transferred, as well as to the corps to which he properly belong5'! and it shall be lawful to charge an offender with any number offences against this section at the same time, and to give evident of such offences against him, and if he be convicted thereof punish him accordingly.

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. (Part I. Discipline.)

14. Every person subject to military law who commits any of the following offences; that is to say,

(1.) Assists any person subject to military law to desert Her Majesty's service; or

(2.) Being cognisant of any desertion or intended desertion of a person subject to military law, does not forthwith give notice to his commanding officer, or take any steps in his power to cause the deserter to be apprehended, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

15. Every person subject to military law who commits any of the following offences; that is to say,

(1.) Absents himself without leave; or

(2.) Fails to appear at the place of parade or rendezvous appointed by his commanding officer, or goes from thence without leave before he is relieved, or without urgent necessity quits the ranks; or

(3.) Being a soldier, when in camp or garrison or elsewhere, is found beyond any limits fixed or in any place prohibited by any general garrison or other order, without a pass or written leave from his commanding officer; or

(4.) Being a soldier, without leave from his commanding officer, or without due cause, absents himself from any school when duly ordered to attend there, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to be' cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

115

Desertion, Fraudulent Enlistment, and Absence without Leave.

Persuasion of or connivance at desertion.

Art.

. of Wa

ar, 44.

(1)

Art. of War, 44.

Absence from duty without leave.

ft) ,

Art. of War, 56.

(£)

Art. of War, 70.

£8.)

Art. of War, 50.

(4.) Art. of War,

Disgraceful Conduct. Disgraceful

16. Every officer who, being subject to military law, commits ,

the following offence; that is to say, conduct of

behaves in a scandalous manner, unbecoming the character of officer, an officer and a gentleman, - Art; of War, 79.

shall on conviction by court-martial be cashiered.

17. Every person subject to military law who commits any of Stealing and

the following offences; that is to say, * embezzlement.

Being charged with or concerned in the care or distribution of Matty Act, 17. any public or regimental money or goods, steals, fraudulently ' ° misapplies, or embezzles the same, or is concerned in or connives at the stealing, fraudulent misapplication, or embezzlement thereof, or wilfully damages any such goods, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer penal servitude, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

18. Every soldier who commits any of the following offences; Disgraceful

that is to say, ‘

(1.) Malingers, or feigns or produces disease or infirmity; or qa

(2.) Wilfully maims or injures himself or any other soldier, gy '81,-

whether at the instance of such other soldier or not, with Art* of war si. intent thereby to render himself or such other soldier unfit for service, or causes himself to be maimed or injured H 2

116 Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 VICT

(Part I. Discipline.)

by any person, with intent thereby to render himself unfit for service; or

(3.) Is wilfully guilty of any misconduct, or wilfully disobeys, whether in hospital or otherwise, any orders, by means of which misconduct or disobedience he produces ot aggravates disease or infirmity, or delays its cure; or,

(4.) Steals or embezzles or receives knowing them to be stolen or embezzled any money or goods the property of a con. rade or of an officer, or any money or goods belonging I to any regimental mess or band, or to any regimental I institution, or any public money or goods; or (5.) Is guilty of any other offence of a fraudulent nature not I before in this Act particularly specified, or of any other I disgraceful conduct of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural kind, I shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer imprison- ment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

Drunkenness. Drwnkenness.

Drunkenness. 19. Every person subject to military law who commits the I Art of War, 76, following offence; that is to say,

The offence of drunkenness, whether on duty or not on duty, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to he cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and, either in addition to or in substitution for any other punishment, to pay a fine not exceeding one pound.

Offences in Offences in relation to Prisoners.

rprisoners. 20. Every person subject to military law who commits any of Permitting the following offences; that is to say,

escape of (1.) Keleases without proper authority, when in command of a

pnsoner. guard, picket, patrol, or post, any prisoner committed to

Are. or War, 73. his charge; or

Art of^War 7s '(&) Allows to escape any prisoner who is committed to his charge, or whom it is his duty to keep or guard, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable if he has acted wilfully to suffer penal servitude, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if he has acted negligently to suffer imprisonment or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.] Irregular 21. Every person subject to military law who commits any of

imprisonment. following offences; that is to say,

Art of^war 74. £?*)' Unnecessarily detains a prisoner in arrest or confinement

without bringing him to trial, or fails to bring his case before the proper authority for investigation; or Art of War 72 (2.) Being in command of a guard, does not within twenty-four

hours after a prisoner is committed to his charge, or as soon as he is relieved from his guard 6r duty, give in writing to the officer to whom he may be ordered to report the prisoner's name and crime, and the name and rank of the officer or other person by whom he was charged,

Disgraceful

Conduct.

(3.)

Art. of War, 81.

ft.)

Art. of War, 81. (5.)

Art. of War, 81.

.117

Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part I. Discipline.)

shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to be in

cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act Prisoners.

mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

22. Every person subject to military law who commits the Escape from following offence; that is to say, confinement.

Being in arrest or confinement, or in prison or otherwise in Art. of War, 69. lawful custody, escapes, or attempts to escape, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

Offences in relation to Property.

23. Every person subject to military law who commits any of the following offences; that is to say,

(1.) Being in command of any garrison, fort, or barrack, connives at the exaction of exorbitant prices for houses or stalls let to sutlers; or

(2.) Lays any duty upon, or takes any fee or advantage in respect of, or is in any way interested in the sale of provisions or merchandise brought into places under his command, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

24. Every soldier who commits any of the following offences; that is to say,

(1.) Pawns, sells, loses by neglect, makes away with, or wilfully spoils his arms, ammunition, equipments, instruments, clothing, or regimental necessaries; or

(2.) Pawns, sells, makes away with, or wilfully defaces any military decoration granted him; or

(3.) Ill-treats, or unlawfully sells or makes away with any horse of which he has charge,

shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

Offences in relation to Property.

Corrupt dealings in respect of supplies to forces.

(U

Art. of War, 67.

(2J

Art. of War, 67.

Deficiency in and injury to equipment.

0) Art. of War, 102.

(2.)

Art. of War, 102.

(S.) '

Art. of War, 102..

Offences in relation to False Documents and Statements. Offences in-

relation to

25. Every person subject to military law who commits any of ^alse Docu-the following offences; that is to say, %fnts anf

, . T t, j , Statements.

(1.) In any report, return, muster roll, pay list, certificate, book, falsifying route, or other document made or signed by him, or of the official doeu-contents of which it is his duty to ascertain the accuracy — ments "dfalse (a.) Knowingly makes or is privy to the making of any false dec,(a"y°"s‘ or fraudulent statement; or. Art of war, 8+,

(6.) Knowingly makes or is privy to the making of any ' a* (j.)

omission with intent to defraud; or 884

(2.) Knowingly and with intent to defraud or to injure any person suppresses or makes away with any documents which it is his duty to preserve; or

(3.) Where it is his official duty to make a declaration respecting Mutiny Act, 96. any matter, knowingly makes a false declaration, An. °('Var<S5-

Offences in relation to False D'ocu-ments and Statements. Neglect to report, and signing in blank.

Art,

!. o/vVar,

90.

(*)

Art. of War, 84.

False accusation or false statement by soldier.

Art. Of War, 46. Mar. Art. of War, 34.

U.)

See Mutiny Act,' 38.

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 &43 Vrct (Part I. Discipline.)

shall on conviction by court-martial or otherwise under this be liable to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as. is jJ this Act mentioned.

26.. Every person subject to military law who commits any 0( I the following offences; that is to say,

(1.) When signing any document relating to pay, arms, ammo. I nition, equipments, clothing, regimental necessaries, pro. I visions, furniture, bedding, blankets, sheets, utensils, forage I or stores, leaves in blank any material part for which hi I signature is a voucher; or (2.) Refuses of by culpable neglect omits to make or send j I report or return which it is his duty to make or send, shall, on conviction by court-martial or otherwise, be liable, if an I officer, to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in I this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment^ of I such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

27. Every person subject to military law who commits any oil the following offences; that is to say,

(1.) Being an officer or soldier, makes a false accusation against I - any other officer or soldier, knowing' such accusation to* be false; or

(2.) Being an officer or soldier, in making a complaint where he I , thinks himself wronged knowingly makes any false state- ment affecting the character of an officer or soldier, or knowingly and wilfully suppresses any material facts COT (3.) Being a soldier, falsely states to his commanding officer that ,;he has been guilty of desertion or of fraudulent enlistment or of desertion from the Navy, or has served in and been discharged from any portion of the regular forces, reserve forces, or auxiliary forces, or the Navy^;or ' (4.) Being a soldier, makes a wilfully false statement to any military officer or justice in respect of the prolongation of furlough,

shall on -conviction by court-martial; be liable! to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

Offences in relation to Courts-martial. Ounces in relation to courts-martial. (1.)

See Mutiny Act, 18.

B (8.)

See Mutiny Act,

18.

. v (8.)

See Mutiny Act, 18.

(4.)

See Mutiny Act, 18.

Art. ot^War, 161.

\ fiiffence8 in relation t& CoUrts-rnkmtied. gai

28. Every person subject to military; law who commits any of the following offenees; that is to say,- .

(1.) Being duly summoned or ordered, to attend as a witness before a court-martial, makes default in attending; or/1

(2.) Refuses to take an oath or make a solemn declaration legally ' ireqmred by a court-martial to be, taken or, made; or

''(33' Reffises to produce any document in his-pqwer or control* legally required by a court-martial to be produced by him! 6f‘‘‘

(4.) Refuses t& answer any question , to wjhdcli q. court-martial may lfegally require an answer j or..,

1 (S.) tif guilty'of 'contempt . court-jihart^i by using insulting!

Or threatening Jjanguage, of by causing any interruption <* disturbance in the proceedings of such court, shall on conviction by a cdtirt-martial other than the 'bourt in rel»*

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part I. Discipline.)

tioff to or before whom the offence was committed be liable, if an officer, to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is ini this: Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned:

Provided that where a person subject to military law, whether present as a witness or bystander, or in any capacity other than as a prisoner, is guilty of contempt of a court-martial by using insulting or threatening language, or by causing any interruption or disturbance in the proceedings of such court, that court, if they think it expedient, instead of the offender being tried by another court-martial, may by qrder under the hand of the president commit such offender to prison, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for a period not exceeding twenty-one days.

29. Every person subject to military law who commits the fol- Pequry or false

lowing offence;, that is to say, declaration.

When examined on oath , or solemn declaration before a court- Mutiny Act, 9«. martial, or any court'or officer authorised .by this Act to Art,° War,3S-administer an oath, wilfully gives false evidence, shall be liable on conviction by court-martial to suffer imprisonment or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

Offences in relation to RUleti/rig. .. . Offences in

_ , relation to

30. Every person subject to military law who commits any of Billeting.

the following offences (in this Act referred to as offences in relation Offences in tojlffl^ting); that is to Sayi ' relation to

(IV)1 is guilty of any ill-treatment, by violence, extortion, or D "J®.

making disturbances in billets, of the1 occupier of a house Art.otVar.9a in which any person or horse is billeted} or

(2:) Being an 'officer, refuses Or ' neglects, on complaint and proof

of such illVtreatment by any officer on soldier'under his ,of *r,8'9a‘

command, to cause compensation to be made for the same;

> J or ".

(3.) Fails to1 coinply with. the provisions of this Act with respect Art. of^War 93.

: to the payment of* thte‘ just demands of the person on whom he or any officer or Soldier under his command, or his 'or their horses, have been billeted, or to the making "'up and transmitting of' an account Of' the money due to such person; or

(A) Wilfully demands billets which are not actually required for .J stfme person or horse entitled1 to be billeted; or 2fP Takes or knowingly suffers to be taken frond any person any , I (&)

' ° , r ii fft; ..ini i r J Mutiny let, 67.

money or reward for eXcusing or relieving any person from ah. otwnr, 91. his' liability in respect of the billeting or quartering of officers, 1 soldiers, or horses, or any part of such liability; or

(&.). Uses or offeife any menace to or compulsion on a constable Mutin^jL w dt,vdth6r; Civil officer to ' .make him give billets contrary to this1 Act/ or tending to deter or discourage him from performing any part of his duty* Under the provisions of this Act Delating to1 billeting; oi?'tending to induce him to do anything contrary to his 'Said duty; or

119

Offences in relation to Courts* martial.

Offences in relation to Billeting. Mutiny Act, 87. Art. or War, 91.

Offences in relation to Impressment of Carriages. Offences in relation to the impressment of carriages, and their attendants.

Art. of War, 94.

Mutiny Act, 87.

Mutiny Act, 87.

Mutiny Act, 87. Art. or War, 94.

Art. otWar, 94.

. <?) Mutiny Act, 87.

(8.)

Mutiny Act, 87.

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.42 & 43 Vict I (Part I. Discipline.)

(7.) Uses or offers any menace to or compulsion on any person I tending to oblige him to receive, without his consent, any person or horse not duly billeted upon him in pursuance I of the provisions of this Act relating to billeting, or to I furnish any accommodation which he is not thereby required to furnish, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

Offences in relation to Impressment of Cam'iages.

31. Every person subject to military law who commits any of the following offences (in this Act referred to as offences in relation i to the impressment of carriages); that is to say,

(1.) Wilfully demands any carriages, animals, or vessels which I are not actually required for the purposes authorised by 1 this Act; or

(2.) Fails to comply with the provisions of this Act relating to the impressment of carriages as regards the payment of sums due for carriages or as regards the weighing of the load; or

(3.) Constrains any carriage, animal, or vessel furnished in pursuance of the provisions of this Act relating to the impressment of carriages to travel against the will of the person in charge thereof beyond the proper distance, or to carry against the will of such person any greater weight than he . is required by the said provisions to carry; or (4.) Does not discharge as speedily as practicable any carriage, animal, or vessel furnished in pursuance of the provisions of this Act relating to the impressment of carriages; or (5.) Compels the person in charge of any such carriage, animal, or vessel, or permits him to be compelled, to take thereon any baggage or stores not entitled to be carried, or, except where the carriage or animal is furnished upon a requisition of emergency, to take thereon any soldier or servant (except such as are sick), or any woman or person; or (6.) Ill-treats or permits such person in charge to be ill-treated; or

(7.) Uses or offers any menace to or compulsion on a constable to make him provide any carriage, animal, or vessel which he is not bound in pursuance of the provisions of this Act relating to the impressment of carriages to provide, or tending to deter or discourage him from performing any part of his duty in relation to the providing of carriages, animals, or vessels, or tending to induce him to do anything contrary to his said duty; or (8.) Forces any carriage, animal, or vessel from the owner thereof, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

1879. Aimy Discipline and regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. 121

(Part I. Discipline)

Offences in relation to Enlistment. Offences in

. . relation to

32. Every person having become subject to military law, who is Enlistment. discovered to have committed the following offence; that is to say, Enlistment of

Having been discharged with ignominy, or as incorrigible and soldier or sailor worthless, from the regular forces or from any portion of the w;St£ ignominy auxiliary forces when subject to military law, or from the or disgrace, reserve forces, or having been dismissed with disgrace from the Navy, has afterwards enlisted in the regular forces without declaring the circumstances of his discharge, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer penal servitude, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

33. Every person having become subject to military law who is False answers

discovered to have committed any of the following offences; that is or declarations ggy on enlistment.

(1.) To have made a wilfully false statement to a justice before utmy whom he appeared to be attested in regard to any question directed to be put to him by proper authority; or

(2.) To have made a wilfully false answer to any question set forth in the attestation paper which has been put to him by or by direction of such justice, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer imprisonment or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

34. Every person subject to military law who commits any of General

the following offences; that is to say, offences in

(1.) Enlists for service in the regular forces any man whom he enlisti^nt. knows or has reasonable cause to believe to belong to the regular forces, reserve forces, or militia, or to the Navj7, and whom he is not for the time being authorised so to enlist, or any man whom be knows or has reasonable cause to believe to have been discharged with ignominy or as incorrigible and worthless from the regular forces, or from any portion of the auxiliary forces when subject to military law, or from the reserve forces, or to have been dismissed with disgrace from the Navy; or

(2.) Wilfully contravenes any of the provisions of this Act or the . (t). regulations of the service in any matter relating to the Art. ofWar! enlistment or attestation of soldiers of the regular forces, shall on conviction by court-martial be liable to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

Miscellaneous Military Offences. Miscellaneous

35. Every person subject to military law who commits the offices.

following offence; that is to Say, Traitorous

Uses traitorous or disloyal words regarding the Sovereign, words,

shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to be Art. of War, ss. cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

36. Every person subject to military law who commits the Injurious

following offence; that is to say, _ a ^Tw^ as

Whether serving with any of Her Majesty's forces or not, without ‘0 ar‘ due authority either verbally or in writing discloses the

Ch. 33. A'i'my Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.42 & 43 Vxcj (Part I. Discipline.)

Miscellaneous numbers or position of any forces, or any magazines or store, Military thereof, or any preparations for, or orders relating to, open, I

Offences. tions or movements of any forces, at such time and in such I

manner as in the opinion of the court to have produced effect, 1 injurious to Her Majesty's service, shall on conviction by court-martial be liftble, if an officer, to be I cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act I mentioned and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such lee, I punishment as is in this Act mentioned, ill-treating 37. Every officer or non-commissioned officer who; commits Any | soldier. of the following offences; that is to say,

Art of Van m (1) Strikes or otherwise ill-treats any soldier; or

(s.) (2.) Having received, the pay of any officer or soldier, unlawfully I

detains or unlawfully refuses to pay the same when due>; I shall bn conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to be I cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a non-commissioned officer, to suffer imprisonment, or-I such less punishment as i®in this Act mentioned.

Duelling and 38. Every person subject to military law who commits any oi I coMraritm^ Ae. following offences; that is to say,

conum smci e. lights, or promotes or is concerned in or connives at fighting, I

Ait. of War, 98. a duel; or

Art. of war i (2.) Attempts to commit suicide,

' shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to be I cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as , is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier; to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

Refusal to 39. Every person subject to military law who commits any of de^r<«fflCiva the following offences; that is to say,

and soldiers" On application being made to him neglects or refuses to deliver accused of over to the civil magistrate, or to assist in the Apprehension of,

civil offences. any officer or soldier accused of an offence punishable by»:$

Art. of War 96,

and see 17. Civil COUTfc,

shall on conviction .by court-martial be liable, if an officer, to be cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier, to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment os is in this Act mentioned.

Conduct to 40. Every person subject to military law who commits any4 mdita^Ce of "*§ Allowing offences; that is to say,

discipline. .. Is guilty of any act, conduct, disorder, or- neglect, to £he prejudice j Art. of War, 105. of good order and military discipline,

shall on conviction by court-martial be liable, if1 an officeir, to'be cashiered,.or to. suffer such less pumshment as is in' this Act mentioned, and if a SoMjer tbr suffer' inaprisoiitneiit, 61 such less punishment, as is in this Act mentioned. ^Provided' thatinb person shall be charged under this section in rfespect of a^y offbnce for which special provision is made irk any other*'jfart of tiffs'Act!>:

P^KMe by Offences pimUhxble by ordinary Law. v

OfeMM1 . 4L Subject to suph-regulations .for the purpose of preventing punishable by interference with the jurisdiction of the civil courts ^s are in this ordinary law. Act after mentioned, every person" who, whilst he is subject to

Limy Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. 123

(Part I. Discipline.)

military law, shall commit any of the offences in this section ,

mentioned shall he deemed to be guilty of an offence against military binary Law. law, and if charged under this section with any such offence (in this MutinvAct,ioi. Act referred to as a civil offence) shall be liable to be tried by court-martial, and on conviction to be punished as follows; that is to say,

(1.) If he is convicted of treason, he liable to suffer death, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned; and

(2.) If he is convicted of murder, be liable to suffer death; and

(3.) If he is convicted of manslaughter or treason-felony, he liable to suffer penal servitude, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned; and.

(4.) If he is convicted of rape, be liable to suffer penal servitude, or such less punishment as is in thi3 Act mentioned; and

(5.) If he is convicted of any offence not before in this Act specified which when committed in England is punishable by the law of England, be liable, whether the offence is committed" in England or elsewhere, either to suffer such punishment as might be awarded to him in pursuance of this Act in respect of an act to the prejudice of good order and military discipline though not in this Act specified, or to suffer any punishment assigned for such offence by the law of England.

' Provided as follows: —

(a.) A person subject to military law shall not be tried by court- Mutiny Act martial for (treason, murder, manslaughter, treason-felony, or rape committed in the United Kingdom, and shall not be tried by court-martial for treason, murder, manslaughter,

. treason-felony, or rape committed in any place within Her 'Majesty's dominions, other than Gibraltar, unless such person at the, tuner he committed the 'offence was on active service, or such place is more than ope hundred miles as measured in a, straight^ line from any city Or town in which the offender can be trie<l' for such Offence by a competent civil1 court';

(6.) A person subject to foiliitary law when in Her Majesty's Mutiny Act, w. r jdpmmions may be tried by, any competent' civil court for j any'offence for. which: he* w:oidd he trihbfo. if he were not .subject to military lawT.,

! : Bkdi'e^ of Wrongs}^ ‘ ' Redress of

42. If an ofocer !j^inteahipi^if'wTOn^'d by, his commanding Ynyt' officer, and' on due application made to him^dobs not receive the ^plaint by redress to which he'may.eppsider himself entitled, he may complain officer.

to the Commander-in-Chief in order tp obtain justice, who is hereby Art. of War, 12. required to examine into such complaint, and through a Secretary of .State make his report; i^Her'Majesty inprder to receive'the directions of Her Majesty , therein. : V

43. If any'soldier thinks himself wronged in any matter by any Mode .,

officer other than his captain, or by any soldier, he may complain y

thereof to his captain, and if nd 'thinks himself longed by his seeArt.ofWar.

g24> Ch. 33. Array Zhm and Regulation Act, 1879.42 & 43 Vjc»

(Part I. Discipline.)

Redress tf captain, either in respect of, his complaint not being redressed or jj Wrongs, resppet oF any other matter, he may complain thereof to his com. manding officer, and if he thinks himself wronged by his commanding 2 officerj either in jrespect of his complaint not being redressed or - reqpect 'of . any other matter, he may complain thereof to the general or oihet officer commanding the district or station where the solchar i# serving; and every officer to whom a complaint is made in pur. "suance of this section shall cause such complaint to be inquired into, and, shall,! if on inquiry he is satisfied of tbiejustice of the complaint so made, take such steps as may be necessary for giving full redress to the complainant in respect of the matter complained of.

Punishments.

Punishments.

Seale of

punishments'by

courts-martial.

(«.) Mutiny Act, a Art. of War, 115. (6.)

Mutiny Act, 8,16, 17.

Art.ofWar.llA,

116.

(«.)

Mutiny Act, 8,16, 17.

Art. of War, 119, 116,136.

(A)

Mutiny Act, 8. («.)

Mutiny Act, 8,17.

Art. at War, 125.

Art. of ^ar, 125.

(ft.) Mutiny Act, 8. Art. or War, 115.

Mutiny Act, 8,16, 17.

Art. of War, 115, 116,126.

(ft.)

Mutiny Act, 8,16, . 17,22.

Art of War, 115, 116,126.

(M

Art of War, 117. ini)

Mutiny Act 17. Art or War, 137. (o.)

Mutiny Act, A17. Art of War, 115, 117,130,131.

Art, of War, 20, Art. of^Wnr, 126, Art. of War, 117,

44. Punishments may be inflicted in respect of offences committed I by persons subject to military law and convicted by courts-martial,-1 In the case of officers, according to the scale following:

a. Death.

б. Penal servitude for a term not less than five years.

c. Imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not I

exceeding two years.

d. Cashiering.

e. Dismissal from Her Majesty's service.

Forfeiture in the prescribed manner of seniority of rank, either in the army or in the corps to which the offender belongs, or in both.

g. ^Reprimand, Or severe reprimand.

In the -case of soldiers, according to the scale following:$

h. Death, or corporal punishment, as in this Act mentioned.

j. Penal servitude for a term not "less than five years.

k. Imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not

exceeding two years.

7. Discharge with ignominy from Her Majesty's service.

m. Dismissal, if a volunteer, from Her Majesty's service.

n. .Reduction in the case: of a non-commissioned officer to *

lower grade, or to the rank of a private soldier.

o. Forfeitures, fines, and stoppages.

Provided that-7-

(1.) "Where in respect of any offence uqder this Act there is specified a' particular punishment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned, there may be awarded in respect of that offence, instead of such particular punishment (but subject to. the other regulations of this Act as to punishments, and regard being had to the. nature and degree of the offence) any one punishment lower in. tbs above scales than the particular punishment.

(2.) An officer shall be . sentenced to be cashiered before he is sentenced to penal servitude or imprisonment.

(3.) An officer when sentenced to forfeiture of seniority of tank may also be sentenced to reprimand or severe reprimand. (4.) A Soldier when sentenced to penal servitude or imprisonment, or (subject to the provisions of this Act) to corporal

187$ ' 'Army DiscipUne ayd Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. 125

(Pari I. lrisciplmej

punishment, may, in addition thereto, be; sentenced to be Punislimmu. discharged with ignominy from Her Majesty's service.

15.) A, sentence of corporal punishment shall not exceed twenty- (sa live lashes, and shall not be inflicted upon a non-commis-sioned officer or on a reduced non-commissioned officer for any offence committed while holding the rank of non-.'' commissioned, officer.

HW Corporal punishment in pursuance of this Act may be inflicted , . (6.)

f , j. , 1 ,. . n -I Mutiny Act, 22,

on soldiers while on active service for such offences as are u.

'in that behalf mentioned in the First Schedule hereto, but ^ofWar>118* shall not be inflicted under any other circumstances; and the authority having power under this Act to Commute or mitigate any punishment may, without prejudice to any ' other power of commutation or mitigation conferred on such authority by this Act, commute a sentence of corporal punishment into imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a period not exceeding forty-two days.

(7.) In addition to or without any other punishment in respect Mutiny Acf . of any ^offence, an offender convicted by court-martial

may be subject to forfeiture of any deferred pay, service ii7,‘mi70,'m! towards pension, military decoration Or military reward,17a in such manner as may for the time being be provided by Royal Warrant, but shall not, save as may be provided; by Royal Warrant, be liable to any forfeiture under the

Riegimental Debts Act, 1863, or under any Act relating to 26 & 27 Vict. the military savings banks, or any regulations made in *57*,., pursuance of either of the above-mentioned Acts.

(8.) In addition to or without any other punishment in respect Mutiny Act,8,17. of any . offence, an offender maybe sentenced by court- of War, iso, martial to any deduction authorised by this Act to be made from his ordinary pay.

(9.) A female camp, follower shall not be liable to be sentenced by court-martial to corporal punishment.

(10.) Sentences of corporal punishment shall be inflicted in manner directed by rules to be issued by a Secretary of State.

(11.) Returns shall be annually laid before Parliament of all sentences of- flogging which have been inflicted in whole - , or in part, specifying the number of lashes and the nature of the offence..

Arrest and Triad.

Arrest. Arrest.

45. The following regulations shall be enacted with respect to Custody of per-persons subject to military law when charged'with offences Jg| offices.

i?j; punishable under this Act:

(!) Every person, ^subject to military law when so charged may Art 0( 18.

be taken into military custody: Provided, that in every case where any officer or soldier not on active service . remains1 in such military custody for a longer period than eight days without a court-martial for hia trial being ordered to assemble, a special report of the necessity for further delay shall be made by his commanding officer in

Arrest.

Art. of^wir. M.

Art. of^War, 18.

Art. of^War,19.'

Art. of^War, 18.

Power of Commanding Officer. Power of commanding officer.

Art. of War, SS, 60.

Art. of War, 80,

Art. of War, 77.

Art. of War, BO, 179.

Ch. S3. ArmyDisci'pline and Regulation Act, 1879.42 & 43 Yto (Part I. Discipline.)

maimer prescribed; and a similar report shall be forwa^H every eight days until a court-martial is assembled or tk I officer or soldier'is released from custody:

(2.) Military custody means, according to the usages of the I service, the putting the offender under arrest or the I putting hint in confinement:

' (3.) An officer mayofder into military custody an officer o( I inferior rank or any [soldier, and any non-commissioned! officer may order into military t custody any soldier, and | ah officer may .order into military custody any officer I (though he be of higher rank) engaged in a quarrel, fray, I or disorder; and any htich order shall be obeyed, notwiffii j standing the person giving the order and the person in I .respect of f whqm the* order is given do not belong to the I same corps, arm, or branch of the'service:

(4;) .An officer or non-commissioned officer commanding a guard I or a provost-marshal shall not. refuse to receive or keep any person who is committed to his custody by any officer I

1. pr nohrcommissioned officer, but it shall be the duty of I ' the officer .or non-coiiomissioned officer who commits any I person into custody to deliver at the' time of Ouch committal, or within forty-eight hours thereafter to the I officer, non-cOmmissioned officer, or proyost-marshal into whpse custody the person is committed, an account iM writing, signed by himself, of the offence with which the person so committed is charged:$

(5.) the charge made against every person taken into military I custody shall without unnecessary delay; be investigated] by the propCr military authority, and, as SOon! as may he, either proceedings shall be taken for punishing the offence, or such person shall be' discharged from3 custody.

Rower\ of Uoni^a/fi^ing Officer.

46. The commanding officer shall, upon an investigation being had of a'charge maid'e''against a person'subject to military law under his command of having Committed'an Offence under this Act, difeiniss the chdrge if he iniiS'diSdretitn th'in&S that iiJ'oUght notrto he proceeded With, but where he' thinks charge ought t#d)S)proce&d^ with, he may take steps for bringing the offen<Mvto a Court-martial, or in the case of a soldier may deed with the case-Summarily. Where he deals with a case spinniarily, he may, —

(cO Award to the offender imprisonment, with or without hard kbbiir/for'iany peribid hof'exCe&'ding SCven days; and1' (ft;) In the cade* of the offence of drUnkeriness, may!order the offender pay a fine h6t exceeding ten shillings, either in addition ttfor without imprisonment whth1©^1 without hard labour'; and MM addition t<y :qr' Withotffc anY :Othdri^[)lnd:sbnient, may order . the1 offenders suffer any deduction from hi#‘ordinary pay authb^tv.'by this. Act to be made by - the commanding ' officer? *

1879- Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part I. Discipline.)

Where the charge is against a soldier for drunkenness not on duty, the commanding officer shall deal with the case summarily unless the soldier was guilty of drunkenness after being warned for duty, or unless he has been guilty of drunkenness on not less than four occasions,in the preceding twelve months.

In the case of absence without leave, the commanding officer may award imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for any period not exceeding twenty-one days.

Provided that where imprisonment is awarded for absence without leave the commanding officer shall have regard to, the number of days during which the offender has been absent, and in no case shall the term of imprisonment awarded, if exceeding seven days, exceed the term of absence.

Provided that in every case where the power of summary award by a commanding officer exceeds a sentence-of seven days imprisonment, the accused person may demand that the evidence against him .should be taken on oath, and the. same oath as that required to be taken by witnesses before a court-martial shall be administered to each witness in such case., ,

An offender shall not be liable to > be tried by court-martial for any offence which has been dealt with summarily by his commanding officer, and shall not bp liable, to be punished by his commanding officer for any offence of which he has been acquitted or convicted by a competent civil court or by a court-mai<tial.

A, soldier ordered by his commanding officer to suffer imprison- Art. of War, so, ment or pay a fine, or tp suffer any deduction from his ordinary 77‘ pay, shall, if he so request, have a right to be tried by a district court-martial instead.(^submitting to such imprisonment, fine,*or deduction.

Nothing in this section shall prejudice, the power of a command- Art. of War, 32, ing officer to; award such-minor punishments as he is for - the time 60‘ being authorised to award, so, however, that a minor punishment shah,not be awarded forj any, offence for which imprisonment .exceeding seven; days is .awarded.1

( GoU^-niaiii^.'u; 1/ V. ckmu-

47. (iL) Any officer authorised Jby or in pursuance of this Act R . *

to-convene. general and. district courts-martial or either >of them, courts-martial, also any commanding officer of a ranky not-below the rank of . (1.) captain, also, on (board; a shjp.not commissioned by Her Majesty, a *L,wAot,lfc corpoanding officer iofvjany rank may, without warrant and by uais5.War'U8' virtue of, this Act, convene a regimental Court-martial ifor the trial of offences iqonunitted by soldiers under his command.

(2.J Such court-martial shall consist of. not lees than five officers: Art of^sr(llg> Provided that if r iij ^tlje jopinipn. of .'the officer who convenes a ns. court-martial, suchj qpiijipn to be expressed in the order convening the ..court, , and to be jgqpclusive, five officers are not; having due regard to the piak^Lic, iservice, ayafiafel^ i^uph j cpurt-niartial may consist 'of npt-less than three officers.

(3.), The convening officer shall appoint thes president. Art. of War, m.

(4.) The president of a regimental court-martial shall not be Artt0f^U4 under the rank of captain, unless where the court-martial is held-

127

Power of Commanding Officer.

Courts-

martial.

(8.)

Mutiny Act, 10, 11,27.

Art. of War, 117, 129.

General and district courts-martial.

, , <*) Mutiny Act, 8. Art. of War, 1C 6.

(A)

Mutiny Act, 9. Art. of War, 108.

(6.)

Mutiny Act, 8, 9,

Art. of War, 116, 117.

(A)

Art. of War, 106,

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yI(rt (Part I. Discipline.)

on the line of march, or on board any ship not commissioned k Her Majesty, or unless, in the opinion of the convening office* such opinion to be expressed in the order convening the court and to be conclusive, a captain is not, with due regard to the public service, available, in any of which cases an officer of any rank may be president.

(5.) A regimental court-martial shall not try an officer, not award the punishment of death or penal servitude, or of imprison, ment in excess of forty-two days, or of discharge with ignominy; ] but, subject as aforesaid, and save as in this Act specially mentioned,; any offence under this Act committed by a person subject to military law, and triable by court-martial, may be tried and punished by a regimental court-martial.

48. The following rules are enacted with respect to general courts-martial and district courts-martial:

(1.) A general court-martial shall be convened by Her Majesty, or some officer deriving authority to convene a general court-martial immediately or mediately from Her Majesty:

(2.) A district court-martial shall be convened by an officer authorised to convene general courts-martial, or some officer deriving authority to convene a district court-martial from an officer authorised to convene general courts-martial:

(3.) A general court-martial shall consist of not less than nine officers, each of whom must have held a commission during the three years preceding the day appointed for the assembling of the court: Provided that if in the opinion of the officer who convenes the court-martial, such opinion to be expressed in the order convening the court, and to be conclusive, nine officers are not, having due regard to the public service, available, such court-martial may consist of not less than five officers:$

(4.) A district court-martial shall consist of not less than seven officers: Provided, that if in any place not in the United Kingdom, India, Malta, or Gibraltar, in the opinion of the officer who convenes the court (such opinion to be expressed in the order convening the court, and to be conclusive), seven officers are not, having due regard'to the public service, available, the court shall consist of five officers, unless in the opinion of the said officer (such opinion to be expressed in the order convening the court, and to be conclusive), five officers are not, having due regard to the public service, available, in which case the court-martial may consist of three officers:

(5.) A district court-martial shall not try a person subject to military law as an officer, nor award the punishment of death or penal servitude; but, subject as aforesaid, any offence under this Act committed by a person subject to military law, and triable by court-martial, may be tried and punished by either a general or district court-martial: (6.) An officer under the rank of captain shall not be "a member of a court-martial for the trial of a field officer:$

129

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part I. Discipline

(7,)' Sentence of death‘shall not be passed on any prisoner without Courts-

the concurrence of two thirds at the least of the officers ma^, ‘

serving on the court-martial by which he is tried: Mutiny Act, 8.

p _ / f Art 116

(8.) The president of a court-martial, whether general or district, * >

shall be appointed by order of the authority convening the Art. of war, n*. court, but he shall not be under the rank of field officer, unless the officer convening the court is under that rank, or unless in the opinion of the officer who convenes the court, such opinion to be expressed in the order convening the court, and to be conclusive, a field officer is not, with due regard to the public service, available, in either of which cases an officer not below the rank of captain may be the president of such court-martial, and he shall not be under the rank of captain, except in the case of a district court-martial, where in the opinion of the officer who convenes the court, such opinion to be expressed in the order convening the court, and to be conclusive, a captain is not, having due regard to the public service, available.

49. Where a complaint is made to any officer in command of any Field general detachment or portion of .troops in any country beyond the seas, courts-martial, that an offence has been committed by any person subject to military Art. of War! 107. law under his command against the property or person of any inhabitant of or resident in such country, —

Then, if in the opinion of such officer it is not practicable that such offence should be tried by an ordinary general court-martial, it shall be lawful for him, although not authorised to convene general courts-martial, to convene a court-martial, in this Act referred to as a field1 general court-martial, for the trial of the person charged with such offence, provided as follows:

(1.) Afield general court-martial shall consist of not less than Mutiny Act, 12.

Art. of War, 107.

, three officers;

(2.) The convening officer may preside, but he shall, whenever he Art. of War, 114. deems it practicable, appoint another officer as president who may be of any rank, but shall, if practicable in the opinion of the convening officer, be not below the rank of captain.

A field general court-martial may, notwithstanding the restrictions' Mutiny Act, 12. enacted by this Act in respect of the trial by court-martial of civil mus. offences within the meaning of this Act, try any person subject to military law who is under the command of the convening officer and is charged with any such offence as is mentioned in this section, and may award for such offence any sentence which a general court-martial is competent to award for such offence: Provided always, that no sentence of any such court-martial shall be executed until confirmed as provided by this Act.

50. (1.) The officers sitting on a court-martial may belong to the §0~^rhal

same or different corps, or may be unattached to any corps, and , «\ may try persons attached to any corps. . mm m'm

(2.) The officer who convened a court-martial shall not, save as is Marine Mutiny otherwise expressly provided by this Act, sit on that court-martial. Marine Act, 127.

L J 118,114.

Courts-martial. i (8.)

Naval Discipline Act, s. 58. (8.) Art. of 'War, 159.

Challenges by prisoner.

Art. of War, 152.

Ch. 33. Army Discipline cmd Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yIf. (Part I. Discipline.)

(3.) A prosecutor or witness for the prosecution shall not sit on, court-martial for the trial of any prisoner whom he prosecutes, against whom he is witness, nor shall he act as judge advocate ^1 such court-martial. The commanding officer of a corps to which J prisoner belongs, or the officer who investigated the charges (J which a prisoner is arraigned, shall not, save in the case of a fidjl general court-martial, sit on the court-martial for the trial of suctl prisoner, nor shall he act as judge advocate at such court-martial I

51. (I-) A prisoner about to be tried by any court-martial may I object, for any reasonable cause, to the president or any officer I appointed to serve thereon either originally or to fill a vacancy 1 caused by the retirement of an officer objected to, so that the court I may be constituted of officers to whom the prisoner makes nol reasonable objection.

(2.) Every objection made by a prisoner to any officer shall le| submitted to the other officers appointed to form the court.

(3.) If the objection is to the president, such objection, if allowed I by one third or more of the other officers appointed to form tie I court, shall be allowed, and the court shall adjourn for the purpose! of the appointment of another president.

(4.) If an objection to the president is allowed, the authority I convening the court shall appoint another president, subject to tkl same right of the prisoner to object.

(5.) If the- objection is to an officer other than the president, and! is disallowed, the trial shall proceed as if no objection had been I made; if it is allowed, the officer objected to shall retire. TJpoul the retirement of an officer or officers the president may, and if tltl said retirement reduces the number of officers of the court befoul the number named in the order convening the court shall, appoinll out of any officers nominated in that behalf by order of the convening authority an officer or .officers to serve in lieu of the office or officers so retiring, subject to the right of the prisoner to object as before mentioned: Provided that if by such appointment tic number of officers of the court is not made up to the number naind in the order convening the court, the court shall adjourn, and tin convening authority shall nominate a further number of officers to serve on the court, subject to the right of the prisoner to object#! before mentioned; but if such retirement does not reduce the numbei of officers below the number named in the order convening tic court, the proceedings of the court shall be valid, although no sud> new appointment is made.

(6.) In order to enable a prisoner to avail himself of his privileg* of objecting to any offifeer, the names of the officers appointed to form the court shall be read over in the hearing of the prisoner 1 their first assembling, and before they are sworn, and he shall I asked whether he objects to any of such officers, and a like quests shall be repeated in respect of any officer appointed to serve in He11 of a retiring officer.

(7.) The decision under this section of any objection shall, excel* where one third are expressed to be sufficient, be made by f

I

1879. Army Discyplme and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. 181

(Part I. Discipline.)

majority of the votes of the officers entitled to vote, and if the Couru-votes are equal, the objection shall be deemed to be allowed. martial.

52. An oath shall be administered by the prescribed person to Administration every member of every court-martial before the commencement of of oaths-

the trial in the following form; that is to say, Art. of war, m .

‘ You do swear, that you will well and

' truly try the prisoner before the court according to the evidence,

' and that you will duly administer justice according to the Army ‘ Discipline and Regulation Act, now in force, without partiality,

‘ favour, or affection, and you do further swear that you will not ‘ divulge the sentence of the court until it is duly confirmed, and ' you do further swear that you will not on any account at any time ‘ whatsoever disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular ‘ member of this court-martial, unless thereunto required in due < course of law. . So help you GOD.'

An oath in the prescribed form or forms shall be administered by the prescribed person to the judge advocate or person officiating as judge advocate (if any), and also to every officer in attendance on a court-martial for the purpose of instruction (if any), and also to every shorthand writer (if any) in attendance on the court-martial.

Every witness before a court-martial shall be examined on oath, ^!tin,yAct' }?

i*.,i . _ . . . . m > Art. of War, 153.

which the president or other prescribed person shall administer in the prescribed form.

If a person by this Act required either as a member of, or person Pee in attendance on, or witness before a court-martial, or otherwise in 326^ 33 Jict* respect of a court-martial, to take an path, objects to take an oath, or is objected to as incompetent to' take an oath, the court, if satisfied of the sincerity of the objection, or, where the competence of the person to take an oath is objected to, of the path having no binding effect oh the conscience of such person, shall permit such person instead of being sworn td make a solemn declaration in the prescribed form, and for the purposes 'of this Act such solemn declaration shall be deemed to be an oath.

53. (1.) If a court-martial after the commencement of the trial Procedure, is, by death or otherwise, reduced below the number named in the

order convening the court, it shall be dissolved.

(2.) If after the commencement of the trial the president dies or is otherwise unable to attend, and-the court is not reduced below the number named in the order convening the court, the convening authority may appoint the senior member of the court, if of sufficient rank, to be president:, and the trial shall proceed accordingly; but if he is not. of sufficient rank the court shall be dissolved.

(3.) If, on account of the illness of the prisoner before the finding, it is impossible to continue the trial, a court-martial shall be dissolved.

(4.) Where a court-martial is dissolved the prisoner may be tried again.

' (5.) The president of any court-martial may, on any deliberation Arti of(\var,iG2. amongst the members, cause the court to be cleared of all other persons.

12

132

Courts-

martial.

(7.)

Art. of War, 160.

Confirmation, revision, and approval of sentences.

Art. of War, 129, 135.

, <6-> Mutiny Act, 101. Art. of War, 123, 143,14^145,

(c.)

Art. of War, 127.

Mutiny Act, 12. Art. of War, 124, 145.

(2.), Mutiny Act, 14. Art. of War, 163.

Waj

Art. of War, 114,

Ch, 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vic* (Part I. Discipline.)

(6.) The court may adjourn from time to time.

(7.) The court may also, where necessary, view any place.

(8.) In the case of an equality of votes on the finding the prisoner shall be deemed to be acquitted. In the case of an equality of votes on the sentence, or any question arising after the commencement of the trial except the finding, the president shall have a second or casting vote.

(9.) When a court-martial shall recommend a prisoner to mercy, such recommendation shall be attached to and form part of toe proceedings of the court, and shall be promulgated and commit nicated to the prisoner, together with the finding and sentence.

54. (1.) The following authorities shall have power to confirm the findings and sentences of courts-martial; that is to say,

(a.) In the case of a regimental court-martial, the convening officer or officer having authority to convene such a court-martial at the date of the submission of the finding and sentence thereof:

(6.) In the case of a general court-martial, Her Majesty, or some officer deriving authority to confirm the findings and sentences of general courts-martial immediately or mediately from Her Majesty:

(c.) In the case of a district court-martial, an officer authorised to confirm the findings and sentences of general courts-martial, or some officer deriving authority to confirm the findings and sentences of district courts-martial from an officer authorised to confirm findings and sentences of general courts-martial:

(<Z.) In the case of a field general court-martial, an officer authorised to confirm the findings and sentences of general courts-martial for the trial of offences in the force of which the detachment or portion of troops under the command of the convening officer forms part.

(2.) The authority having power to confirm the finding and sentence of a court-martial may send back such finding and sentence, or either of them, for revision once, but not more than once, and it shall not be lawful for the court on any revision to receive any additional evidence; and where the finding only is sent back for revision, the court shall have power without any direction to revise the sentence also. In no case shall the authority recommend the increase of a sentence, nor shall the court-martial on revisal of the sentence, either in obedience to the recommendation of an authority, or for any other reason, have the power to increase the sentence awarded.

(3.) The finding of acquittal, whether on all or some of tie offences with which the prisoner is charged, shall not require confirmation or be subject to be revised, and if it relates to the whole of the offences shall be pronounced at once in open court, and the prisoner shall be discharged.

(4.) A member of a court-martial shall not have authority to confirm the finding or sentence of that court-martial, and where * member of a court-martial becomes confirming officer he shall refer the finding and sentence of the court-martial to a superior office1

133

Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 38.

(Part I. Discipline.)

I competent to confirm the findings and sentences of the like des- Courts-cription of courts-martial, and that officer shall, for the purposes mar of this Act, be deemed, to be in that instance the confirming authority.

(5.) An officer having authority to confirm the finding and sentence of a court-martial may withhold his confirmation, and refer such finding and sentence to any superior authority competent to I confirm the findings and sentences of the like description of courts-martial, and that authority shall for the purposes, of this Act be deemed to be in that instance the confirming authority; and where a court-martial is held in a colony, and there is no such superior officer in that colony, the governor of that colony shall have authority to confirm the finding and sentence of such court-martial-in like manner in all respects as if he were such superior officer as above mentioned.

(6.) Subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to the Mutiny Act, 12, finding of acquittal, [the finding and sentence of a court-martial Art. of War, 123, shall not be valid except in so far as the same may be confirmed by J^l#;129'143, an authority authorised to confirm the same.

(7.) Sentence of death when passed in a colony shall not, unless Art. ofjWar, 12s. passed in respect of an offence committed on active service, be carried into effect unless, in addition to the confirmation otherwise required by this Act, it is approved by the Governor of the colony.

(8.) Sentence of death when passed in India in respect of the Mutiny Act, im. offence of treason or murder shall not be carried into effect unless, '0 ar' in addition to the confirmation otherwise required by this Act, it is ! approved by the Governor-General, or if the offender was tried within the limits of any presidency, the Governor of that presidency.

(9.) Where a person subject to military law is convicted of man- See Mutiny Act, slaughter or rape, or any other civil offence under the section of this Art. of war, 144. Act relating to the trial by court-martial of civil offences, and is sentenced to penal servitude, such sentence shall not be^ carried into execution unless, in addition to the confirmation otherwise required by this Act, it is approved in India by the Governor-General, or if the offender has been tried within the limits of any presidency, the Governor of the presidency, or if he has been tried in a colony, the j Governor of the colony.

55. A prisoner charged before a court-martial with stealing may Conviction of be found guilty of embezzlement or of fraudulently misapplying money or property. ch^e8ofe<m

A prisoner charged before a court-martial with embezzlement may greater, be found guilty of stealing or fraudulently misapplying money or property.

A prisoner charged before a court-martial with desertion may Naval Discip-I be found guilty of attempting to desert or of being absent without Art6<rfwar ts' leave. - ‘

A prisoner charged before a court-martial with attempting to desert may be found guilty of desertion or of being absent without | leave.

A prisoner charged before a court-martial with any other offence | under this Act may, on failure of proof of an offence being committed under circumstances involving a higher degree of punishment,

,Ch. 33. Amy Dia&vplme and Regulation Act, 1879. 42& 43Y^ I (Part I. Discipline.)

Courts- be found guilty of the same offence as being committed und$, I mmol, circumstances involving a less degree of punishment.

Execution of EXECUTION OP SENTENCE.

Sentence.

Commutation 56. Theconfirming authority may, when confirming the senteuue I of smitences.11 'court-martial, mitigate or remit the punishment thereby I

See Mutiny Act, awarded, or commute such punishment for any less punishmentot Ai6,2°,2i,24,25, punishments to,which the offender might have been sentenced^ sa,i(l court-martial; and for the purpose of commutation of punishment, corporal punishment shall be deemed to- stand in %; I same position in the scale of punishments in this Act mentioned as imprisonment, The confirming authority may also suspend;^ such time as seems expedient the execution of a sentence.

When a sentence passed by a court-martial has been confirmed, I the following authorities shall have power to mitigate or remittee punishment thereby .awarded, or to commute such punishment for any less punishment or punishments to which the offender might I have been sentenced by the said court-martial; that is to; say,. >4 (1.) As respects persons undergoing sentence in any place what eyer^ Her Majesty or the Commander-in-Chief or the Officer commanding the district or station where the prisoner subject to such punishment may for the time and

(2.) As respects persons undergoing sentence^ in India, the Commander-in-Chief of the forces in India, or as respeoti; persons undergoing sentences in any presidency, the Commander-in-Chief of the forces in that presidency; and : (3.) As respects persons undergoing sentences in any colony, th» officer commanding the forces in that eqlony; and-ijf*J|

(A) As respects persons undergoing sentences^ in any- place noM the United Kingdom, India, or a colony, the officer commanding the forces in such place:$

Provided that the power given by this sectioja^shall. not be ex®-cised by an officer holding a command inferior to that - of the authority confirming the sentence, unless such officer is authorial by. such confirming authority , or other superior military authority, to exercise such power.

An authority having power under this section to .mitigate, remiV or commute any punishment may, if it seem fit, do all or any® those things in respect of a person subject to such punishment.

See Mutiny Act, The provisions of this Act with respect-to an original sentence of penal servitude.or imprisonment shall apply to a sentence^ penal servitude or imprisonment imposed by way of commutation-1 Effect of sen- 57. Where a person subject to military law is. convicted hy6 aeryHudePenal court-martial, whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, either See Mutiny Act. within or Without Her Majesty's doflfiflitms, andfis senteni^d ^l 18, penal servitude, such conviction and sentence shall | be of the sa®e}

effect as if such person (in this Act referred to as a military cofiWf had been convicbe&in the United Kingdom of an offence pumshati6-; by penal servitude and sentenced to penal servitude by a competfiriH civil court, and all enactments relating to a person sentenced to

i

135

1879. Afwg Di&oiplme and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part If Diacvplim.)

PQflftl servitude by a competent. civil court shall, so far as circumstances admit, apply accordingly.

58. (I*) Where a sentence Of penal servitude is passed by a court-martial in the United Kingdom, the military convict on whom such sentence has been passed shall, as soon as practicable, be transferred to a penal servitude prison to undergo his sentence according to law, and until so transferred shall be kept in military custody.

(2.) The order of the committing authority (hereafter in this section mentioned) shall be a sufficient warrant for his transfer to a penal servitude prison.

(3:) At any time before his arrival at a penal servitude prison, the discharging authority (hereafter in this section mentioned) may by order discharge the military convict.

(4) Any one or more of the following officers shall be the committing authority for the purposes of this section, namely, —

(a,) The Commander-in- Chief, v(h) The Adjutant-General,

(a) The commanding officer of the military convict, and (d,) Any other prescribed officer.

"(5.) Any one of the following officers shall be the discharging authority for the purposes of this section, namely, —

N (a.) The Comsaander-in-Chief,

(h) The Adjutant-General, and (&) Any other prescribed officer.

' 59. (1.)- Where a sentence of penal servitude is passed by a. court-martial in India or any colony, the military convict on whom such sentence.has been passed shall, as soon as practicable, be transferred to a penal servitude prison to undergo his sentence according to law.

(2») The order of the committing authority (hereafter in this section ^mentioned) shall be a sufficient warrant for his transfer to a penal servitude prison.'

u/u (3,)' The military convict during the period Which intervenes between the passing of his sentence and -his arrival at the penal servitude prison (in this section referred to as the term of his intermediate' Custody) .shall be deemed to be in legal custody.

(4) The military convict during his term of intermediate custody may be kept in military custody or in civil custody, or partly in onh description of custody and partly in the other, and may from time .to time be transferred from military custody to civil custody and from civil custody to military custody as occasion may require, and may, during his conveyance' from place to place, or when on board ship or otherwise, be subjected to such restraint as is necessary for his detention and removal.

\ > (5.) "Civil" custody," for the purposes of' this .section, means custody in any authorised prison; nevertheless, where it is not practicable to place the military convict in an authorised prison, he may, by way of civil custody, be cpnfined temporarily in any other prison with the assent of the authority having jurisdiction pver that prison. v

, ($,) The military convict whilst in any prison in which he may legally be placed may be dealt; with, in respect of hard labour and otherwise, according to the rules of that prison.

Execution of Sentence.

Execution of sentences of penal servitude passed in the United Kingdom.

See Mutiny Act, IS, 19.

Execution of sentences of penal servitude passed in India or a colony.

See Mutiny Act, 18,19.

See Mutiny Act, 81,

136

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and EegulaUon Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vi<* I ' (Part I. Discipline?)

execution -of- (7.) An order of the. removing authority (hereafter in this section I Sentence, mentioned) shall be a sufficient authority for the transfer of the I

military convict from military custody to civil custody and iron I

civil custody to military custody, and his removal from place to place, and for, his detention in civil custody, and generally I dealing with such convict in such manner as may be thought expo. I dient during the term of his intermediate custody.

See 43 G. 3. (8.) The removing authority during the term of the intermediaU I

l'esm Vict. custody of the military convict may from time to time by order.'I c. so. 8.9. i provide for his being brought before a court-martial, or any civil I

See Mutiny Act, pourt, either as a witness or for trial or otherwise, and an ordet I

of such authority shall be a sufficient warrant for the deli^oH I him into military custody, and detaining him in custody until he can be returned to the place from whence he is brought, or to such other place as may be determined by the removing authority, e (9.) Any directions of the removing authority relating to the mode in which the military convict is to be dealt with during the I term of his intermediate custody may be contained in the same order or in several orders; and if the orders are more than one, they I may be by different officers and at-different times.

(10.) At any time before the military convict arrives at a penal servitude prison the discharging authority (hereafter in this section-j mentioned) may by order discharge the military convict.

(11.) Any one or more of the following officers- shall be t the j committing, authority for the purposes of this section; that, is to say, In India —

(a.) The Commander-in-Chief of the forces in. India; .

(b.) The Commander-in-Chief of the forces in any president in India;

(c.) The Adjutant-General in India;

(d.) The Adjutant-General in any presidency in -India; and jv In a colony, the officer commanding the forces in that, colony; and In any case, whether in India or in a colony, the prescribed officer. (12.) Any one Or .more of the following officers shall be the removing authority for the purposes of this section; that is. to say, j (a.) Any officer in this section named as the committing autho-M rity; also

. (6.) The officer commanding, the military district or station where. the military convict may for the time being be; also.

(q.) Any other prescribed officer.

(13.) Any of the following officers shall .be the discharging authority for the purposes of, this section; that is to say,

(a.) The officer-who confirmed the sentence; also (b.) Any officer in this section named as the committing authority; also

(c.J Any other prescribed officer*

Execution of 00. (1.) Where a sentence of penal servitude is' passed by a penaTser^tade court-martial in any foreign country; the military convict on whori , passed in a such sentence has been passed shall as-sopn as practicable be tranS-foreign feried to a periaFservitu.de' prison for' the purpose of Undergoing SeeMutinyAot ^is s61^11©© according to law, and, until so transferred, may be kept law. ' in military custody.

137

1870. Army Disoiplima^RegvZatioriAct, 1879. Ch. 33.1 (Pa/rt I. Discipline.)

(2.) The order of the committing authority (hereafter in this sec- Execution of tion mentioned) shall be a sufficient warrant for the transfer of the Sentence-military convict to a penal servitude prison.

(3.) If at any time before his arrival in the United Kingdom the military convict is brought into India or any colony, he may be dealt with by the competent military authority in India or such colony in the same manner in all respects as if he had been there sentenced by coart-martial to penal servitude.

.:: (4) The military convict may at any time before he arrives at any place in the United Kingdom, India, or any colony, be discharged by the discharging authority (hereafter in this section mentioned) having jurisdiction in any place where the military convict may for the time being be.

(5i) Any one or more of the following officers shall be the committing authority for the purposes of this- section; that is to say,

:x(a.) The officer commanding the army or force with which the military convict was serving at the time of his being sentenced;

(b.) The officer who confirmed the sentence of the court;

(c.) Any other prescribed officer.

(6.) Any officer in this'section named as the committing authority shall also be - the discharging authority for the purposes of this section

61. A penal servitude prison for the purposes of the provisions General provi-

of this A(^ relating to penal servitude means any prison or place in jj"["t£pp^1 which prisoner sentenced to penal servitude by a civil court in servitude!*1*1 the United Kingdom can for the time being be confined, either see Mutiny Act. permanently Or-temporarily. is. m, si.

An "authorised prison "-for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to penal servitude means any prison in India or, any colony which the . Governor-General of Incfia or the Governor of such colony may, with the concurrence of a Secretary of State, have appointed as a prison in which military' convicts may, during the period of their intermediate custody, be confined.

After a military convict has arrived at a penal servitude prison to undergo his sentence, he shall be dealt with in the like manner as an ordinary civil prisoner under sentence of penal servitude.

62. (i.) Where a sentence of imprisonment is passed by court- Execution of martial or a commanding officer, the person on whom such sentence sentences of has been passed (in the provisions of this Act relating to imprison- gnl"80Pment-

, C \ £... ( - . 1 ii i , £ r See Mutiny Act,

Went referred to as a military prisoner) shall undergo the term of si.

Ins imprisonment either in military custody or in a public prison, ®r,m or partly in one way and partly in the other.

(20 The order of the committing authority hereafter mentioned shall be a Sufficient warrant.for the transfer of a military prisoner . to a public prison.

(3.) A military prisoner while in-a pubUcprlson shall be confined,' kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt , with in the like manner as an. ordinary prisoner under a like sentence of imprisonment.

(4.) A military prisoner duripg his conveyance from place to ‘ place, or when on board ship or otherwise, may be subjected to such restraint as is necessary for his detention and removal.

Execution of Sentence.

Supplemental provisions as to sentences of /imprisonment passed in the United Kingdom.

Supplemental provision as to sentences of imprisonment passed in India or colony.

Ch. 83. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Yi^ (Pa/rt I. Discipline.)

(8.) The discharging authority hereafter mentioned may, at any time daring the period of a military prisoner undergoing his in, prisonment, by. order discharge the prisoner.

(0.) The removing authority, hereafter mentioned may, at any time during the period of the military prisoner undergoing his sen, tence in a public prison, from time to time by order provide W hiB being brought before a court-martial, or any civil court, either as a witness, or for trial or otherwise, and an order of such authority shall be a sufficient Warrant for delivering him into military custody and detaining him in' custody until he can be returned to the places from whence he is brought, or to such other place as may fo determined by the removing authority.

63. Where a sentence of imprisonment is passed by a court, martial or commanding officer in the United Kingdom, then for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to imprisonments®

(L) The expression "public prison" means any prison in thej United Kingdom in which offenders sentenced by a civil) . court to imprisonment can.for the time being be confinedi

(2.) Any one or more of the following officers shall be the committing authority:

(a.). The Commander-m-Chief;

(ft.) The Adjutant-General

(c.) The officer who confirmed the sentence;

: (&) The commanding officer of the military prisoner;! and

' (e.) Any other prescribed officer ;

(3.) Any one of the following officers shall be - the discharging! authority:

(ft.) The Commander-in-Chief 5 (ft.) The Adjutant-General;

(c.) The officer commanding the''military district in Which the prisoner may bey v (d.) The officer who confirmed the sentence;

...jiff,). Any other prescribed office^; also,*

(/) Where the sentence was passed by the commanding officer, the commanding officer:

' (4:) Any one or more of the following officers shall be the removing. authority: '

(a.) The Commander-in-Chief;

(ft.) The Adjutant-General;

; m The officer commanding the military district in 1 ' Which the prisoner may be 5

(d.) Any other prescribed officer; also,

J (e.) Where the sentence was passed by th© commanding; officer, the commanding officer.

64. Where a Sentence of imprisonment is passed in India or anf colony, then, for the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to imprisonment —

I (1.) The expression " public prison | means any of the following prisons f that is to say —

~ '1 (a.) where the sentence was passed in India, any authorised prison in India;

- 'AnfoyDiscipline a/hd Regulation Act, 1879< Ch. 83.

(Part I. Discipline.).

ib (&.) where the sentence was passed in a colony, any Execution of authorised prison in that colony; Sentence.

I (c.) any such authorised prison in any pari of Her Majesty's dominions other than that in which the sentence was passed as may be prescribed; and

* (d.) any public prison in the United Kingdom as above defined for the purpose of the provisions of this Act relating to imprisonment in the United Kingdom:

(2.) " Authorised prison " means any prison in India or any colony

Which the Governor-General of'India or the Governor of such colony, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State,

may have appointed as a prison in which military prisoners may be confined:

(8.) A military prisoner may temporarily be confined in a prison not a public prison, with the assent of the authority having ffinp -jurisdiction over such prison:

'- (4.) A military prisoner may be removed by the warrant of the See Mutiny Act, committing authority or of any other prescribed authority8 * from one public prison to another: Provided that be shall not under this section be removed from a prison ifi the United Kingdom to any prison elsewhere:

(5.) Any one or f more of the following officers shall be the

committing authority; that is to say, .

In India —

(a,) The Oommander-in-Chief of the forces in India ;

(6.) The Commander-in-Chief of the forces in any presidency in India

S h(c.) The Adjutant-General in India; and

(cL) The Adjutant-General in any presidency in India;

in a, colony, the officer commanding the forces in that X felony; and

In any case, whether in India or in a colony — .

(ft.) The officer who confirmed the sentence ;

11 (b.) The commanding officer of the military prisoner; and. *

(&) Any other prescribed officer:

(6.) Any of the following officers shall be the discharging authority:

(ft.) The officer Commanding the military district or Station in which the prisoner may be;

(b.) Any officer in this Section named as a committing authority, with this exception, that the commanding officer shall only be a discharging authority where the sentence was passed by a commanding officer; and (6.) Any other prescribed officer: J

(7.) Any one or more of the following officers shall be the removing authority:

(ft.)'Any officer in this section named as a committing authority;

Execution of Sentence.

sentences of imprisonment passed in a foreign country.'

See Mutiny. Act, si.

(b.) The officer comndanding the [military district or station where the prisoner may he; and , (c.) Any other prescribed officer.

Supplemental 65. Where a sentence of imprisonment is passed by a court. I [provision as to martial or commanding officer in any foreign country, then if and as soon as the military prisoner on whom such sentence has been passed is brought into the United Kingdom- or India, or any colony,] [the provisions of this Act shall apply in the same manned in all respects as if the sentence of imprisonment had been passed ini the United Kingdom, India, or any colony, as the case may be, with this addition, that the officer commanding the army or force to which the military prisoner belonged at the time of his being sentenced shall also be deemed to be a committing authority. *

66. The competent military authority (hereafter in this section] mentioned) may give directions for the delivery into military custody, of any military prisoner for the time being undergoing his sentence of imprisonment, and the removal of such prisoner, whether with See Mutiny Act, cor'pS or separately, to , any place beyond the seas whemiB corps, or any part thereof, to which for the time being he^jj is serving; or- under orders to serve.

, The directions of such competent military authority, or an order of the removing authority issued in pursuance of such directional shall "be sufficient authority for the removal of such prisoner froi| the prison in which he is confined, and for his conveyance in military custody to any place designated, and for his intermediate custody during such removal and conveyance.

. The' competent military authority may further give directions for the discharge of the prisoner either conditionally or unconditionall| at any time while he is in military custody under this section. H For the purposes of this section any one or more of the following officers shall be the competent military authority#

(I.) Ip the"Uiiited Kingdom —

. (a.) The Commander-in-Chief; JB

(6.) The Adjutant-General; and ,. (c.) Any other prescribed officer:

(2.) In India —

. , (ai) The Commander-in-Chiefof the forces in India; I (&.)The Commander-in-Chief of the forces in any! presidency in India*; '

| (c.) The Adjutant-General in India; and (d.) The Adjutant-General in any presidency ih India (S.y In & Colony, the officer commanding the forces in that colony ! and

(4.) In any case, whether in India or in ^colony, the prescribed] . . officer.1

Commence- 67. The term of penal servitude or imprisonment to which* servitude Person " sentenced by a court-martial, , whether, the sentence has or imprison- been revised or not, and whether the prisoner is already undergoing! ent- sentence- or not, shall be reckoned to commence on the, day- on whieb *

Artho/war,'is8, the original sentence and proceedings were signed by the president; 139- of the court-martial...

141

[Army DisdpH/ne and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. (Part 1. Discipline.)

An offender under this Act shall not be subject to imprisonment for more than two consecutive years, whether under one or more sentences.

Subject as aforesaid, where a sentence of corporal punishment is commuted to imprisonment, and the offender whose sentence is so commuted is undergoing a previous sentence of imprisonment, the commuted sentence maybe directed by the commuting authority jboi commence at the expiration of the imprisonment under such, previous sentence.

Miscellaneous.

Articles of Wa/r cmd Rules of Procedure.

68. It shall he lawful for Her Majesty ip make Articles of War for the better government of officers and soldiers, and such Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all judges and in all courts whatsoever: Provided that ho person shall, by such Articles of War, be subject to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb, or to be kept in penal servitude, except for crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such punishment as aforesaid, or be subject, with reference to any crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any manner which does not accord with the provisions of this Act.

69. Subject to the provisions of this Act Her Majesty may, by rules to be signified under the hand of a Secretary of State, from time to-time make, and when made repeal, alter, or add to, provisions in respect of the following matters or any of them; that is to say,

(l.j-;The assembly and procedure of courts of inquiry ;

(2.) The convening and constituting of courts-martial;

(3.). The adjournment, dissolution, and sittings of courts-martial;

(4.) The procedure to be observed in trials by court-martial ;

. (5.) The confirmation and revision, of the findings and sentences of courts-martial;

' (6.) The carrying into effect sentences of courts-martial;

(7.) The forms of orders to be made under the provisions of this Act relating to courts-martial, penal servitude, or imprisonment;

(8.) Any matter in this Act directed to be prescribed;

(9.) Any* other matter or thing expedient or necessary for the purpose of carrying this Act into execution so far as relates - to the investigation, trial, and punishment of offences ' 1 triable or punishable by military law:

Provided always, that no such rules shall contain anything contrary to or inconsistent with the provisions of this Act.

All rules made in pursuance of this section shall be judicially noticed.

All rules, made in pursuance of this section shall be laid before Parliament as soon as practicable after they are made, if Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not then sitting, as soon as practicable after the beginning of the then next session of Parliament.

Execution of Sentence.

Articles of War and Rules of Procedure.

Power of Her Majesty to make Articles of War.

Mutiny Act, 1. Art. of War, 189.

Power of Her Majestyto make rales of procedure-

Off. 33. Army Discipline a/nd Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yI(,. (Part I. Discipline)

inquiry as to Inquiry as to and Confession of Desertion.

and. Confession i t i i

of Desert ion. 70. When any soldier has been absent without leave from hjj

Inquiry by duty for a period of twenty-one days, a .court of inquiry may as sence of soldier so<m as Prac^ca^e ^e assembled, and inquire in the prescribed Art. of War, 167.' manner on oath (which such court is hereby authorised to ad.

minister) respecting the fact of such absence, and the deficiency (if any) in the arms, ammunition, equipments, instruments, regimental necessaries, or clothing of th£ soldier, and if satisfied of the fact of such soldier having absented himself without leave or other sufficient cause, the court shall declare such absence and the period thereof and the said deficiency, if any, and the commanding officer of the absent soldier shall enter in the regimental books a record of the

Confession by soldier of desertion or fraudulent enlistment. Art. of War, 47.

Art. of War, 46,

declaration of such court.

If the absent soldier does not afterwards Surrender or is not apprehended, such record shall have the legal effect of a conviction by court-martial for desertion.

71. Where a soldier signs a confession that he has been guilty of desertion or of fraudulent enlistment, a competent military authority may dispense with his trial and order that, instead of being tried by a court-martial, he shall suffer the same forfeitures and the same deductions from pay (if any) as if he had been convicted by court-martial of the said offence, or such of them as may be mentioned in the order. If upon any such confession, evidence of the truth or falsehood of such confession cannot then be conveniently obtained, the record of such confession, countersigned by the commanding officer of the soldier, shall be entered in the regimental books, and such soldier shall continue to do duty in the corps in which he may then be serving, or in any other corps to which he may be transferred, until he is discharged or transferred to the reserve, or until legal proof can be obtained of the truth or falsehood of such con-fessiop.

The competent military authority for the purposes of this section means the Commander-in-Chief or Adjutant-General, or, in the case of India, the commander-in-chief of the forces in India, or the commander-in-chief of the forces of any presidency in India, and in the case of a colony and elsewhere the general or other officer commanding the forces, subject in the case of India, or a colony, or elsewhere, to any directions given by the commander-in-chief.

Provost ' Provost Marshal.

Marshal.

Provost 72. For the prompt repression of all offences which may be

marshal. committed abroad, provost marshals with'assistants may from time Art. of War, 164. to time he appointed by the general order of the general officer commanding a body of forces.

A provost marshal or his assistants may at any time arrest and detain for trial persons subject to military law committing offences, and may also carry into execution any punishments to be inflicted in pursuance of a court-martial, but shall not inflict any punishment of his or their own authority.

A provost marshal attached to any forces on active service, or any , of his assistants, may make a complaint to any officer in immediate

143

Provost

Marshal.

I Period of H Service.

73. A person may be enlisted to serve Her Majesty as a soldier Limit of

of the regular forces for a period of twelve years, or for such less original enlist-period as may be from time to time fixed by Her Majesty, but not ^e"^ Vict for any longer period, and the period for which a person enlists is c. 67. ss. 2, s', in this Act referred to as the term of his original enlistment.

74. The original enlistment of a person under this Act shall be as Terms of

follows, either — ^lfT^ent

(1.) For the whole of the term of his original enlistment in army 83 & 8t yiet'_ service; or . c. 67.18.

(2.) For such portion of the term of his original enlistment as may be from time to time fixed by a Secretary of State, and specified in the attestation paper, in army service, and for the residue of the said term in the reserve.

75. A Secretary of. State may from time to time, by general or Change of

special regulations, vary the conditions of service so as to permit a conditions of | soldier of the regular forces in army service, with his assent, ^Yslvio* either-1 — c. 67. s. 4.

(1.) To enter the reserve at once for the residue unexpired of the term of his original enlistment'; or

(2.) To extend his army service for all or any part of the residue unexpired of such term:

(3.) To extend the term of his original enlistment up to the period of twelve years.

A Secretary of State may from time to time by general or special regulations vary the conditions of service so as to permit a man in the reserve, with his assent, to re-enter upon army service for all or any part of the residue unexpired of the term of his original enlistment, or for any period of time not exceeding twelve years m the whole from the date of his original enlistment.

76. In reckoning the service of a soldier of the regular forces Beckoning and

for the purpose of discharge or of transfer to the reserve — forfeiture of

H7 o service.

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part II. Enlistment.)

command of any detachment or portion of such body of forces, against any person subject to military law who has committed any offence; and if in the opinion of such officer it is not practicable that such offence should, be tried by an ordinary court-martial, it shall be lawful for him (although not authorised to convene a general court-martial) to convene a field general court-martial, and such court may try summarily the person so charged, and award punishment for his offence, and the sentence of the court shall be valid, and may be carried into effect if a sentence of capital punishment when confirmed by the general or field officer commanding the force of which such detachment of portion forms part, and if not capital when confirmed by any general or field .officer in such force, and records of field general courts-martial shall be kept for the same time as provided in this Act for district courts-martial.

PART II.

ENLISTMENT.

Period of Service.

Period of (1.) The service shall begin to reckon from the date of his attes.

Service. tation, but

33&°34viotfm (2.) Where a soldier of the regular forces has been guilty of 2' any of the following offences:

Art. of War! 47, (<*) Desertion from Her Majesty's service, or

(6.) Fraudulent enlistment; then either upon his conviction by court-martial of the offence, or (if having confessed the offence, he is liable to be tried) upon his trial being dispensed with by order o( the competent military authority, the whole of his prior service shall be forfeited, and he shall be liable to serve as a soldier of the regular forces for the term of his original enlistment, reckoned from the date of such conviction or such order dispensing with trial, in like manner as if he had been originally attested at that date : Provided that I a Secretary of State may restore all or any part of the I service forfeited under this section to any soldier who I may perform good and faithful service, or may otherwise I be deemed by such Secretary of State to merit such I . restoration of service or may be recommended for such I restoration of service by a court-martial.

Proceedings for Proceedings for Enlistment.

f ‘ 77. Every person authorised to enlist recruits in the regular forces I

listment and (in this Act referred to as the " recruiter ") shall give to every person attestation. offering to enlist a notice in the form for the time being authorised-Mutiny Act, 42, by a Secretary of State, stating the general requirements of attestation and the general conditions of the contract to be entered into by the recruit, and directing such person to appear before a justice of the peace at the time and place therein mentioned.

Upon the appearance before a justice of the peace of a person I offering to enlist, the justice shall ask him whether he assents to be enlisted, and shall not proceed withlbhe enlistment if he considers the recruit under the influence of liquor.

If he does not appear before a justice, or-» on appearing does not assent to be enlisted, no further proceedings shall be taken.

If he assents to be enlisted —

(1.) The justice, after cautioning such person that if he makes any false answer to the questions read to him he will be liable to be punished as provided by this Act, shall read or cause to be read to him the questions set forth iir the attestation paper for the time being authorised by a I Secretary of State, and shall take care that such person understands each question so read, and after ascertaining that the answer of such person to each question has'been duly recorded opposite the same in the attestation paper, shall require him to make and sign the declaration as to the truth of those answers set forth in the said paper, and shall then administer to him the oath of allegiance* contained in the said paper:

(2.) Upon signing the declaration and taking the oath, suck . person shall be deemed to be enlisted as a soldier of Her Majesty's regular forces:

145

ag& Amy Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

Bjpp (Part II. Enlistment.)

(3.) The justice shall attest by his signature, in manner required Proceedingsfor * by the said paper, the fulfilment of the requirements as Enllstm*nl-to attesting a recruit, and shall deliver the attestation paper, duly dated, to the recruiter: u) The fee for the attestation of a recruit, and for all acts and things incidental thereto, shall be one shilling and no more, and shall be paid to the clerk of the justice:

(5.) The officer who finally approves of a recruit for service shall, at his request, furnish him with a certified copy of his attestation paper.

The date at which the recruit signs the declaration and takes the oath in this section in that behalf mentioned shall be deemed to be the date of the attestation of such recruit.

The competent military authority, if satisfied that there is any error in the attestation paper of a recruit, may cause the recruit to attend before some justice of the peace, and that justice, if satisfied that such error exists, and is not so material as to render it just that the recruit should be discharged, may amend the error in the attestation paper, and the paper as amended shall thereupon be deemed as valid as if the matter of the amendment had formed part of the original matter of such paper.

78. If a recruit within three months after the date of his attes- Power of tation pays for the use of Her Majesty a sum not exceeding ten recr"it to

i * v / o Durchase

pounds, he shall be discharged, unless he claims such discharge discharge, during a period when the soldiers in the reserve are required by a proclamation of Her Majesty in pursuance of this Act to continue in or re-enter upon army service, in which case he may be retained in Her Majesty's service during that period, and at the termination thereof shall, if he so require it, on the payment then of the said sum, be discharged.

Appointment to Corps and Transfers. Appointment to

, .. Corps and

79. Recruits may, m pursuance of any general or special regu- Transfers. lations from time to time made by a Secretary of State, be enlisted Enlistment for service in particular corps of the regular forces, but save as *^JeneI*a is provided by such regulations, if any, recruits shall be enlisted appointment for general service. to corps. 80

The competent military authority shall as soon as practicable If^31 appoint a recruit, if enlisted for service , in a particular corps, to Mutiny Act, m that corps, and if enlisted for general service, to some corps of the regular forces.

80. A soldier of the regular forces, whether enlisted for general Effect of ap-service or not, when once appointed to a corps, shall serve in that P°a"tme"*to a corps for the period of his army service, whether during the term on for Pr°* of his original enlistment or during the period of such re-engage- transfers.

®ent as is in this Act mentioned, unless transferred under the (following provisions:

(1.) A soldier of the regular forces enlisted for general service ttay within three months after the date of his attestation be trans-f^cd to any corps of the regular forces of the same arm or branch of the service by order of the competent military authority.

Appointment to Corps and Transfers. Mutiny Act, 53, 54.

83 & 34 Vict. c. 67. s. 7.

33 & 34 Vict. o. 67. s. 7.

Mutiny Act, 54.

Mutiny Act, 54. Art. of War, 42, 47.

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 4.3 yIC, I (Part II. Enlistment.)

(2.) A soldier of the regular forces may at any time with his own I consent be transferred by order of the competent military authority- to any corps of the regular forces.

(3.) Where a soldier of the regular forces is in pursuance of I any of the foregoing provisions transferred to a corps in an arm or branch different from that in which he was previously serving I the competent military authority may by order vary the conditions of his service so as to correspond with the general conditions of I service in the arm or branch to which he is transferred.

(4.) A soldier of the regular forces in any branch of the service I may be transferred by order of the competent military authority to I any corps of the same branch which is serving in the United King. I dom in either of the following cases —

(a.) when he has been invalided from service beyond the seas; or I yb.) when, in the case of his corps or the part thereof in which I he is serving being ordered on service beyond the seas, he is I either unfit for such service by reason of his health, or is I within two years from the end either of the period of his I army service in the term of his original enlistment, or of such I re-engagement as is in this Act mentioned.

(5.) Where a soldier of the regular forces in any branch of the I service, who is enlisted to serve part of the term of his original I enlistment in the reserve, is on service beyond the seas, and at the | time of his corps or the part thereof in which he is serving being ordered to another station or to return home, has more than two years of his army service in the term of his original enlistment unexpired, he maybe transferred by order of the competent military authority to any corps of the same branch which is on service beyond the seas: Provided that the power of transfer given by sub-section five of this section shall not apply to any man who has extended his army service for the residue unexpired of his term of twelve years, or to any man who has re-engaged.

(6.) Where a soldier of the regular forces has been transferred to serve, either as a warrant officer not holding an honorary commission, or in the corps of armourer sergeants, or in the army hospital corps, or in the army service corps, or on the staff, or in the corps of mounted military police, or in any corps not being a corps of infantry, cavalry, artillery, or engineers, he may by order of the competent military authority, either during the term of his original enlistment or during the period of his reengagement, be removed from such service and transferred to any corps of the regular forces serving in the United Kingdom, or to any corps of the regular forces serving on the station beyond the seas on which he is serving at the time of his removal, or to the I corps of the regular forces in which he was serving prior to such first-mentioned transfer, either in the rank he holds at the time of his removal or any lower rank.

(7.) Where a soldier of the regular forces —

. (a.) Has been guilty of the offence of desertion from Her Majesty's service or of fraudulent enlistment, and ha8 either been convicted of the same by a court-martial, of having confessed the offence, is liable to be tried, but

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. 147

(Part II. Enlistment.')

his trial has been dispensed with by order of the com- Appointment to-petent. military authority; or Transfers

(6.) Has been sentenced by a court-martial for any offence to a punishment not less than imprisonment for a term of six months,

such soldier shall be liable, in commutation wholly or partly of other punishment, to general service, and may from time to time Be transferred to such corps of the regular forces as the competent military authority may from time to time order.

(8.) A soldier of the regular forces committed by a court of Matter Act, 34, summary jurisdiction in any part of Her Majesty's dominions as a deserter shall be liable to be transferred by order of the competent military authority to any corps of the regular forces near to the place where he is committed, or to any other corps to which the competent military authority think it desirable to transfer him, and to serve in the corps to which he - is so transferred without prejudice to his subsequent trial and punishment.

Re-enc/aqement and Prolongation of Service. Re-engagement

° J and Frolonga-

81. Subject to any general or special regulations from time to iion of Service. time made by a Secretary of State, a soldier of the regular forces in Re-engage-army, service may, at any1- time within three years of the completion

of his term of army service, on the recommendation of his com- 53434^. manding. officer, and with the approval of the competent military g5 authority, be re-engaged for such further period of army service as will make up a total continuous period of twenty-one years of army service, reckoned from the date of his attestation, and inclusive of any period previously served in the reserve.

A soldier of the regular forces during his period of re-engage- See Mutiny Act, ment shall be liable to forfeit his previous service during such period 5°' of re-engagement in like manner as he is liable under this part of this Act during the term of his original enlistment.

A soldier of the regular forces who so re-engages shall make before his commanding officer a declaration in accordance with any general or special regulations from time to time made by a Secretary of State.

82. A soldier of the regular forces who has completed, or will Continuance in within one year complete, a total period of twenty-one years service, twenty-one1 inclusive of any period served in the reserve, may give notice to years service, his commanding officer of his desire to continue in Her Majesty's 33 & si Vict. service in the regular forces; and if the competent military authority Mutiny Act, 55. approve he may be continued as a soldier of the regular forces in

the same manner in all respects as if his term of service were still unexpired, except that he may claim his discharge at the expiration of any 'period of three months after he has given notice to his commanding officer of his wish to be discharged.

83. Where the time at which a soldier of the regular forces would Prolongation otherwise be entitled to be discharged occurfe while a state of war

exists between Her Majesty and any foreign power, or while such 33&34iViet * soldier is on service beyond the seas, or. while soldiers in the reserve c.87.s.u. aye required by a proclamation in pursuance of this Act to continue in or re-enter upon army service, the soldier may be detained, and

148 Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 VICT

(Part II. Enlistment.)

Re-engagement hjs service may be prolonged for such further period, not exceeds tion^Sermce twelve months, as the competent military authority may order I but at the expiration of that period, or any earlier period at which the competent military authority considers his services can h dispensed with, the soldier shall as provided by this Act be discharged.

Where the time at which a soldier of the regular forces would otherwise be entitled to be transferred to the reserve occurs while a state of war exists between Her Majesty and any foreign power, or while such soldier is on service beyond the seas, the soldier may be detained in army service for such further period, not exceeding twelve months, as the competent military authority may order, but at the expiration of that period, or any earlier period at which the competent military authority consider his services can be dispensed with, the soldier shall be sent to the United Kingdom for the purpose of being transferred to the reserve.

If a soldier required under this section to be discharged or sent to the United Kingdom desires, while a state of war exists between Her Majesty and any foreign power, to continue in Her Majesty's service, and the competent military authority approve, he may agree to continue as a soldier of the regular forces in the same manner in all respects as if his term of service were still unexpired, except that he may claim his discharge at the end of such state of war, or, if it is so provided by such agreement, at the expiration of any period of three months after he has given notice to his commanding officer of his wish to be discharged.

In imminent 84. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in case of imminent danger1 Her national danger or of great emergency, the occasion being first com-Majesty may municated to Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Par-continue liament be not then sitting, declared by proclamation in pursuance requTre soldiers of an 0r(Jer of Her Majesty in Council, to direct from time to time to re-enter that all persons enlisted under this Act, or all or any persons sc army service, enlisted in any particular year or years, shall at any time during c?67.^.6?ct‘ their respective terms of original enlistment, if in army service continue in, and if in the reserve re-enter upon, army service for such periods from time to time as Her Majesty may from time to time determine; so, however, that any such person shall not be required under this section to continue or re-enter upon army service for a period exceeding in the whole the term of his original enlistment tmd the period during which his service may be prolonged under the foregoing provisions of this Act; and every person to whom such direction applies shall obey the same as if it were enacted in this Act.

When a soldier transferred to the reserve is directed under this section to re-enter upon army service, the competent military authority may appoint him to any corps of the regular forces in that branch of the service in which he previously served.

Discharge and Discharge and Transfer to Reserve Force.

RTr. Force 85. In the following cases; that is to say,

eserve orce. where a soldier of the regular forces has been invalided from

SSo service beyond the seas; or

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 18/9. Cu. 33. 149

(Part II. Enlistment.')

(2.) Where a corps to which a soldier of the regular forces belongs, Discharge and or the part thereof in which he is serving, is ordered on j(es£Tf<Forcc. service beyond the seas, and the soldier is either unfit for reserrc when such service by reason of his health, or is within two years corps ordered of the end of the period of his army service in the term abroad, of his original enlistment; the competent military authority may by order transfer him to the reserve in like manner as if the period of his actual service were specified in his attestation paper as the portion of the term of his original enlistment which was to be spent in army service.

86. Save as otherwise provided by this Act or the Acts relating Discharge or

to the reserve forces, every soldier of the regular forces upon the to

completion of the term of his original enlistment, or of the period 30&31 Vict of his re-engagement, shall be discharged. 33 & 38i vict

Where a soldier of the regular forces enlisted in the United King- c. 67. s. is. ' dom is, when entitled to be discharged, serving beyond the seas, he shall, if he so requires, be sent to the United Kingdom, and in such case shall be sent there free of expense, with all convenient speed, and on his arrival shall be discharged. If such soldier is permitted, 30 & 31 Vict. at his request, to stay at the place where he is serving, he shall not c- 34-s-5-afterwards have any claim to be sent at the public expense to the United Kingdom or elsewhere.

Every soldier of the regular forces upon the completion of the 33 & 34 vict. period of his army service, if shorter than the term of his original c'67'ss'u' 13‘ enlistment, shall be transferred to the reserve, but until so transferred shall be subject to this Act as a soldier of the regular forces.

Where a soldier of the regular forces, when entitled to be trans- 33 & s* Vict! ferred to the reserve, is serving beyond the seas, he shall be sent c‘ '8' to the United Kingdom free of expense with all convenient speed, and on his arrival shall be transferred to the reserve.

A soldier of the regular forces who is discharged or transferred Mutiny Act, 75. to the reserve shall receive the cost of his conveyance from the place in the United Kingdom where he is discharged or transferred to the place in which he appears from his attestation paper to have been attested, or to any nearer place at which he may at the time of his discharge or transfer decide to take up his residence.

87. A Secretary of State may, if he think proper, on account Delivery of of a soldier's lunacy, cause any soldier of the regular forces on his lunatic soldier discharge, and his wife and child, or any of them, to be sent to the wtih'his wife or parish or union to which under the statutes for the time being in child at workforce he appears, from the statements made in his attestation paper ^ouse>or

and other available information, to be chargeable; and such soldier, naticat°a^lum. wife, or child, if delivered after reasonable notice, in England or Mutiny Act, 92. Ireland at* the workhouse in which persons settled in such parish or union are received, and in Scotland to the inspector of poor of such parish shall be received by the master or other proper officer of such workhouse or such inspector of poor, as the case may be:$

Provided that a Secretary of State, where it appears to him that any such soldier is a dangerous lunatic, and is in such a state of health as not .to be liable to suffer bodily or mental injury by his removal, may, by order signified under his hand or under the hand of an under-secretary, send such soldier direct to an asylum, registered hospital, licensed house, or other place in which pauper

150

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 &43 VIf* (Part II. Enlistment.)

Discharge and lunatics can legally be confined, and for the purpose of the || I Transfer to order the above-mentioned parish or union shall be deemed to L Reserve orce. or UI1ion from which such soldier is sent.

In England the lunatic shall be sent to the asylum, hospital, house or place to which a person in the workhouse aforesaid, on becomi^ a dangerous lunatic, can by law be removed, and an order of the Secretary of State under this section shall be of the same effect I as an- order by a justice within the meaning of section seventy-two | of the Act of the session of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-seven, intituled I " An Act to consolidate and amend the laws for the provision and I " regulation of lunatic asylums for counties and boroughs, and fe I the maintenance and care of pauper lunatics in England," and | shall be subject accordingly to the provisions of that section.

The Secretary of State, before making the said order in respect I of a lunatic who is liable to be delivered to the inspector of poor I of a parish in Scotland, may require the inspector of poor of that I parish to specify the asylum to which such lunatic if in the parish I would be sent, and it shall be the duty of such inspector forthwith I to specify such asylum, and thereupon the Secretary of State may | make the said order for sending the lunatic to that asylum, and I such order shall be of the same effect as an order by the sheriff I within the meaning of section eighty-five of the Act of the session I of the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of Her present I c#n2s 85Ct‘ Majesty, chapter seventy-one, intituled " An Act for the regulation I " of, and care and treatment of lunatics, and for the provision, main-1 " tenance, and regulation of lunatic asylums in Scotland," and shall be subject accordingly to the provisions of that section.

In the case of any such lunatic, who is liable to be delivered at a workhouse in Ireland, at which persons settled in the said parish are received, a Secretary of State may, by order under his hand, send such soldier to the asylum of the district in which such parish is situate, and such order shall be of the same effect as a warrant under the hands and seals of two justices given under the provisions of the tenth section of the Act of the session of the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and eighteen, intituled " An Act to provide for the " appointment of the officers and servants of district lunatic asylums " in Ireland, and to alter and amend the law relating to the custody " of dangerous lunatics and dangerous idiots in Ireland." iucfz}' o£'War' 88. A soldier of the regular forces shall not be discharged from those forces unless by sentence of court-martial with ignominy, or by order of the competent military authority, or by authority direct from Her Majesty.

Regulations as Every soldier of the regular forces who is discharged, for what-of soldiers^ ever reason he is discharged, shall receive a certificate of discharge, stating his service, conduct, and character, and the cause of his discharge, and until duly discharged shall be subject to this Act.

Authorities to ., Authorities to enlist and attest Recruits.

enlist and attest

Recruits. 89. A Secretary of State may from time to time by general ot ^sonTto*8 sPec^ai order make, and when made revoke and alter, such regula-island ° tions, give such directions, and issue such forms as he may think

151

necessary or expedient, respecting the persons authorised to enlist Authorities to recruits for Her Majesty's regular forces, and for the purpose of such aa^iUcruitg enlistment, and generally for carrying this part of this Act into eQl^tment effect; and any such order shall be of the same effect as if enacted soldiers, in this Act. See Mutiny Act,

90. For the purposes of the attestation of soldiers in pursuance 33 a 34 Vict,

of this part of this Act, 07\8'16,

(1.) Any justice of the peace may act as such justice, provided he pe^efoAhe 6 is within the county, borough, or place of which he is purposes of justice: enlistment.

(2.) Every person exercising the office of a magistrate in India or Mutiny Act, 49. a colony, and also each of the following persons, shall have Mutiny^ct 62 the authority of a justice of the peace; that is to say,

In India, any person duly authorised in that behalf by the Governor General; and in the territories of any native state in India, the person performing the duties of the office of British resident therein, or any other person authorised in that behalf by the Governor General of India; and In a colony, any person duly authorised in that behalf by the governor of the colony; and Beyond the limits of the United Kingdom, India, and a colony, any British consul general, consul, or vice consul, or person duly exercising the authority of a * British consul:

Ail officer while subject to military law shall not act as a justice Mutiny Act, 44, of the peace for the purpose of the attestation of soldiers in pur- B2, suance of this part of this Act, except officers of militia while the regiments to which they belong are disembodied.

Special provisions as to Persons to be Enlisted. Special provi-

91. Any person who is for the time being an alien may, if Her p^sm^tohe

Majesty think fit to signify her consent through a Secretary of State, Enlisted.

be enlisted in Her Majesty's regular forces, so however that the Enlistment of

number of aliens serving together at any one time in any corps of forei8ners 3113 !

, v l negroes

the regular forces shall not exceed the proportion of one alien to 7 w. 4. & 1 Vict.

every fifty British subjects, and that an alien so enlisted shall not c-29-812-

be capable of holding any higher rank in Her Majesty's regular

forces than that of a warrant officer or non-commissioned officer:

Provided that every negro or person of colour who, although bom Mutiny Act, 56. out of Her Majesty's dominions, has voluntarily enlisted in pursuance of this part of this Act shall while serving in Her Majesty's regular forces be deemed to be legally enlisted, and to be entitled to all the privileges of a natural-born British subject.

92. The master of an apprentice in the United Kingdom who Claims of

has been attested as a soldier of the regular forces may claim him master® while under the age of twenty-one years as follows, and not other- Mutiny Act, w, wise: 58.

(1.) The master, within one month after the apprentice left his service, must take before a justice of the peace the oath in that behalf specified in the Second Schedule to this Act, and obtain from the justice a certificate of having taken

152

Special provisions as to Persons to be Enlisted.

Application of apprentice provisions to indentured labourers. Mutiny Act, 57,

Offences as to Enlistment. Penalty on unlawful recruiting. Mutiny Act, 80.

Recruits punishable for false answers. Mutiny Act, 46, 47,57.

X 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 teJ I (Part II. Enlistment.)

such oath, which certificate the justice shall give in I form in the said schedule, or to the like effect:

(2.) A court of summary jurisdiction within whose jurisdiction I the apprentice may be, if satisfied on complaint by th I master that he is entitled to have the apprentice delivered I up to him, may order the officer under whose command I the apprentice is to deliver him to the master, but if I satisfied that the apprentice stated on his attestation that I he was not an apprentice may, and if required by or on I behalf of the said commanding officer shall, try the an. [ prentice for the offence of making such false statement, and |. if need be may adjourn the case for the purpose:$

(3.) Except in pursuance of an order of a court of summary I jurisdiction, an apprentice shall not be taken from Her Majesty's service: .

(4.) An apprentice shall not be claimed in pursuance of this. I section unless he was bound for at least four years by a I regular indenture, and was under the age of sixteen years I when so bound:

(5.) A master who gives up the indenture of his apprentice within I one month after the attestation of such apprentice shall I be entitled to receive to his own use so much of the bounty I (if any) payable to such apprentice on enlistment as has I not been paid to the apprentice before notice was given of I his being an apprentice.

93. The provisions of this part of this Act with respect to I apprentices shall apply to a person who at the time of his attesta- I tion is an indentured labourer in a colony, with these qualifications, | that such indentured labourer, if imported at the expense of the I employer or of the colony in consideration of the indenture under which he is serving, may be claimed although above the age of | twenty-one years, and though bound for a less period or at an older I age than is above specified.

Offences as to Enlistment.

94. If a person without due authority —

(1.) Publishes or causes to be published notices or advertise- ments for the purpose of procuring recruits for Her Majesty's regular forces, or in relation to recruits for | such forces; or

(2.) Opens or keeps any house, place of rendezvous, or office as connected with the recruiting of such forces; or

(3.) Receives any person under any such advertisement as aforesaid; or

(4.) Directly or indirectly interferes with the recruiting service I of such forces ;

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding I twenty pounds.

95. If a person knowingly makes a false answer to any question contained in the attestation paper, and read or put to him by °r by direction of the justice before whom he appears for the po*' pose of being attested, he shall be liable on summary conviction

153

to be imprisoned with or without hard labour for any period not Offences as to exceeding three months. Enlistment.

If a person guilty of an offence under this section has been Mutiny Act, attested as a soldier of the regular forces, he shall be liable, at the discretion of the competent military authority, to be proceeded against before a court of summary jurisdiction, or to be tried by court-martial for the offence.

96. Where a soldier is guilty of fraudulent enlistment, then, Compulsory on conviction by court-martial, or where he has confessed, upon his trial being dispensed with by' order of the competent military gee Mutiny Act, authority, he may, whether punished or not, be compelled, accord- jg- , vict ing as the competent military authority directs, to serve either in & 66.g*. s. accordance with the terms of his attestation upon such fraudulent c. 69. ss. 74,75. enlistment, or in accordance with the terms of any prior attestation or enrolment.

Miscellaneous as to Enlistment. Miscellaneous

# # as to Enlist-

97. Where a person after his attestation on his enlistment, or ment. the making of his declaration on re-engagement, has received pay Validity of

as a soldier of the regular forces during three months, he shall be attestation and deemed to have been duly attested and enlisted or duly re-engaged, re-engagement as the case may be, and shall not be entitled to claim his discharge Mutiny Act, 59. on the ground of any error or illegality in his enlistment, attestation, or re-engagement, or on any other ground whatsoever, save as authorised by this Act, and, if within the said three months such person claims his discharge, any such error or illegality or other ground shall not until such person is discharged in pursuance of his claim affect his position as a soldier in Her Majesty's service, or invalidate any proceedings, act, or thing taken or done prior to such discharge.

Where a person not attested or re-engaged is in pay as a soldier in any corps of Her Majesty's regular forces, such person shall be deemed for all the purposes of this Act to be a soldier of the regular forces as if duly attested or re-engaged, with this qualification, that he may at any time claim his discharge, but until he so claims and is discharged in pursuance of that'claim he shall be subject to this Act as a soldier of the regular forces duly attested under this Act.

Where a person claims his discharge on the ground that he has not been attested or re-engaged or not duly attested or re-engaged, his commanding officer shall forthwith forward such claim to the competent military authority, who shall as soon as practicable submit it to a Secretary of State, and if the claim appears well grounded the claimant shall be discharged.

98. Any act or thing authorised or required by this part of this Definition for

Act to be done by, to, or before the competent military authority Two°of may be done by, to, or before the commander-in-chief or the adju- competent militant-general, or any officer prescribed in that behalf. tary authority

For the purposes of this part of this Act the expression f reserve " and reserve-means the first class of the army reserve force.

Billeting of Officers and Soldiers.

Suspension of 9 Chas. 1. c. 1.; 3lChas.2. c. 1.; 6 Anne (I.), c. 14, as to \ billeting. Mutiny Act, 61, 62.

Obligation of constable to provide billets for officers, soldiers, and horses.

Mutiny Act, 63.

See Mutiny Act,

Liability to provide billets Mutiny Act, 67.

Ch.33. Army Discipline and Regulation Ad, 1879. 42 & 43 I (Part IIL Billeti/ng and Impressment of Carriages) \ 1

PART III.

BILLETING AND IMPRESSMENT OF CARRIAGES.

Billeting of Officers a/nd Soldiers.

99. During the continuance in force of this Act, so much 41 any law as prohibits, restricts, or regulates the quartering), M billeting of officers and soldiers on any inhabitant of this realu I without his consent is hereby suspended, so far as such quarterjjtl 6i billeting is authorised by this Act.

100. Every constable 'for the time: being in eharge at any ph*I in the "United Kingdom mentioned in the route issued to the con. I mahding officer of any portion of Her Majesty's regular fores I shall, on the derhand of such commanding officer, or of an officer! or soldier authorised by him, and on production of such route,! billet on the occupiers of victualling houses and other premia I specified in this Act as victualling houses in that place such number of officers, soldiers, and horses entitled under this Act to lx I billeted as are mentioned in the route and stated to requirt quarters.

A route for the purposes of this part of this Act shall be issued 1 under the authority of Her Majesty, signified through a Secretarj I of State, and shall state the forces to be moved in pursuance^! the route, and that statement shall he signed by such officer si the comruander-m-chief may from time to time order in that beM A route; purporting , to he issued and signed as required bj this section shall be evidence until the contrary is proved ji its having been duly issued and signed in pursuance of this M and if delivered to an officer or soldier by his commanding offioa | shall be a sufficient authority to such officer or soldier to demand billets, and when produced by an officer or soldigr, to a constable shall be conclusive evidence to such constable of the authority of the officer or soldier producing the same to demand billets in accorS apee wftE.suqh roqte,c.,

101. The,provisions, of this part .of this Act yith respect;

i. victualling houses shall extend to all rrini, hotels, livery stablps, g alehouses, also ito the .housfes of sellers of wine by retail, whether1 British or foreign, to be drunk in their own houses or places thereunto belonging, and to all houses of persons selling, brandy, spirits, strong waters, cider, or metheglin by retail^ and the occupieri a victualing - lipuse,' imi, hotel, livery rifable, alehouse, or any such house as aforesaid shall be subject to billets under this Act, .and ij! in this Act. iridhaed under the .expression ‘‘keeper of a victualling house," and the inn, hotpl, house, stables,. And premises of; su^ occupied£are infhk Act included under theexp^esmoji/' victualling : house;'*..

Provided that an omedr or soldier shall not be 'billeted — ,]

1 fl.) In any ptivate; house; norr.,

| .,(2.) .Ip. any canteen held or^pecupiefa^ under the autKonty Secretary df Sfate; nor ,

(3.) On perso® .IvHo keep taveftos Only, being vintners of to City of London admitted to their freedom of the said

8«gf - Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. 155

* (Tart III. Billeting and Impressment of Carriages.)

: company in right of patrimony "or apprenticeship, notwithstanding the persons who keep such taverns have sMia^ taken out licenses for the sale of any intoxicating liquor;

Ji'Uor

In the house of any distiller kept for distilling brandy and i» strong waters, so-as such distiller does not permit tippling fcairi such house; nOr

5.) In the house of any shopkeeper whose principal dealing is nfore in other goods and merchandise than in brandy and strong waters, so as such shopkeeper does not permit lio tippling in such house; 'nor

(6.)In'a house of a person licensed, only to sell- beer or cider *5W.4. c.85. ' | not to be consumed on the premises; nor

(7.) In the house of residence of any foreign consul duly accredited as such.

102. (1.) All officers and soldiers of Her Majesty's regular forces; Officers,

' <md soldiers, and

(2.) All horses belonging to Her Majesty's regular forces; and to be billeted.

;(3.) All horses belonging to the officers of such forces for which Mutiny Act.es.

1 forage is for the time being allowed by Her Majesty's regulations, shall be' entitled to be billeted.

103. The keeper of a victualling house upon whom any officer, Accommoda-' soldier, or, horse is billeted shall receive such officer, soldier, o* mmt*on Wict horse in his victualling house, and furnish there the accommodation Mutiny Act, 63, following; that is to say, lodging and attendance for the officer;661

and lod^ng, attendance, and food for the soldier; and stable room and forage for the horse, in accordance with the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act.

Where the keeper Of a victualling house on whom any officer, soldier, or horse is billeted desires, by reason of his want of accommodation or of his victualling house being full, or otherwise, to be relieved from the liability td receive such officer, soldier, or horse in his victualling house, and provides for such officer, soldier, or horse in the immediate Neighbourhood such good and sufficient accommodation ais hA- is -required by this Act to provide, and as is approved by the constable issuing the billets, he shall be relieved from providing the same in his victualling house.

There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation fur nished by him in pursuance of this Act the prices for the time being authorised in this behalf by Parliament.

An officer or ' soldier demanding billets in pursuance of this Act shall, before he departs, and if he remains longer than four days, at least onCe -ihPevery four days, pay the just demands of every keeper of a .victualling- house On whom he and any officers and soldiers under his command, and his or their horses (if any), have been billeted.;:$

If by reason of a Audden Order to march, or otherwise, an officer or soldier is not able to make such payment to any keeper of a victualling house as is above required, he shall before he departs make up with such keeper of a victualling house an account of the amount due to him, and sign the same, and forthwith transmit the

Billeting of Officers and Soldiers. Annual list of keepers of victualling houses liable to billets.

Regulations as to grant of billets.

Mutiny Act, 63.

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42&43yJft | (Part III. Billeting and Impressment of Carriages.) 11,

account so signed to a Secretary of State, who shall forthwith ca^ | the amount named in such account as due to be paid.

104. The police authority for any place may cause annually,| list to be made out of all keepers of victualling houses within tyj meaning of this Act in such place, or any particular part thereof I liable to billets under this Act, specifying the situation and characte, I of each victualling house, and the number of soldiers and hot^I who may be billeted on the keeper thereof.

The police authority shall cause such list to be kept at somj convenient place open for inspection at all reasonable times I persons interested, and any person who feels aggrieved either H being entered in such list, or by being entered to receive an undue 1 proportion of officers, soldiers, or horses, may complain to a court of I summary jurisdiction, and the court, after such notice as the court I think necessary to persons interested, may order the list to tel amended in such manner as the court may think just.

105. The following regulations shall be observed with respect to I billeting in pursuance of this Act; that is to say,

(1.) No more billets shall at any time be ordered than there are I effective officers, soldiers, and horses present to be billeted; I (2.) All billets, when made out by the constable, shall be delivered I into the hands of the commanding officer or non-conunis. I sioned officer who demanded the billets, or of some officer I authorised by such commanding officer:

(3.) If a .keeper of a victualling house feels aggrieved by having ft an undue proportion of officers, soldiers, or horses billeted I on him, he may apply to a justice of the peace, or if tit I billets have been made out by a justice may complain to I a court of summary jurisdiction, and the justice or court I may order such of the officers, soldiers, or horses to be 1 removed and to be billeted elsewhere as may seem just: I (4.) A constable having authority in a place mentioned in tit route may act for the purposes of billeting in any locality I within one mile from such place, unless some constable [ ordinarily having authority in such locality is present i and undertakes to billet therein the due proportion of | officers, soldiers, and horses:

(5.) The regulations with respect to billets contained in the I Third Schedule to this Act shall be duly observed by tie t constable:

(6:) A justice of the peace, on the request of an officer or non- commissioned officer authorised to demand billets, maj I vary a route by adding any place or omitting any place, I and also may direct billets to be given above one mile 1 from a place mentioned in the route:$

(7.) A justice of the peace may require a constable to give a® account in writing of the number of officers, soldiers, and horses billeted by such constable, together with the name8 of the keepers of victualling houses on whom such offices soldiers, and horses are billeted, and the locality of such victualling houses.

157

Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part III. Billeting and Impressment of Carriages.)

Offences in relation to Billeting. Offences in

106. If a constable commits any of the offences following; that Quieting0

Js to say, _ Offences by

ft>\ Billets any officer, soldier, or horse on any person not liable constables, to billets without the consent of such person; or Mutiny Act, 88.

(2.) Receives, demands, or agrees tor any money or reward whatsoever to excuse or relieve a person from being entered in a list as liable or from his liability to billets, or from any part of such liability; or

/$,) Billets or quarters on any person or premises, without the consent of such person or the occupier of such premises, any person or horse not entitled to be billeted; or

(4.) Neglects or refuses after sufficient notice is given to give billets demanded for any officer, soldier, or horse entitled to be billeted;

he shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine of not less than forty shillings and not exceeding ten pounds.

107. If a keeper of a victualling house commits any of the Offences by

offences following : that is to say, keepers of vie-

o ' j * tll&lllOff I101IS6S.

(1.) Refuses or neglects to receive any officer, soldier, or horse ,

billeted upon him in pursuance of this Act, or to furnish Mutiny Act, 86. such accommodation as is required by this Act; or

(2.) Gives or agrees to give any money or reward to a constable to excuse or relieve him from being entered in a list as liable or from his liability to billets, or any part of such liability; or

(3.) Gives or agrees to give to any officer or soldier billeted upon , . (*),

' r,., ° ° I . i . f. Mutiny Act,

him in pursuance of this Act any money or reward in lieu of receiving an officer, soldier, or horse, or furnishing the said accommodation; he shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine of not less than forty shillings and not exceeding five pounds.

108. If any officer quarters or causes to be billeted any officer, Offences by

soldier, or horse otherwise than is allowed by this Act upon any or person, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor. Mutiny Act, 87.

If any officer or soldier commits any offence in relation to billeting for which he is liable to be punished under Part One of this Act, other than an offence in respect of which any other remedy is given by this part of this Act to the person aggrieved, he shall, upon summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

A certificate of a conviction for an offence under this section shall be transmitted by the court making such conviction to a Secretary of State.

Impressment of Carriages. impresstnent of

109. Every justice of the peace in the United Kingdom having supply of car-jurisdiction in any place mentioned in a route issued to the com- riages, &c. for aanding officer of any portion of Her Majesty's regular forces shall, ^gime"t^1nd on the demand of such commanding officer, or of an officer or non- gtof|^Vthe commissioned officer authorised by him, and on production of such march, route, issue his warrant requiring some constable or constables Mutiny Act, 63.

158 Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 437^1

(Part III. Billeting and Impressment of Carriages.) 'I

Impressment of having authority in such place to provide, within a reasonable tL I I Carriages. named in the warrant, such carriages, animals, and drivers*.!

are stated to be required for the purpose of moving the regimenal baggage and regimental stores of the forces mentioned in the roijj in accordance with the route; and the constable or constables sha]] I execute such warrant, and persons having carriages and animal, | suitable for the said purpose shall, when ordered by a constat I in pursuance of such warrant, furnish the same in a state fit for I for the aforesaid purpose.

The route for the purpose of this section shall be such route am mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this part of this Act witi | respect to billeting.

A route purporting to be issued and signed as required by thou I provisions, if delivered to an officer or non-commissioned officer his commanding officer, shall be a sufficient authority to such officer I or non-commissioned officer to demand carriages and animals ii I pursuance of this Act, and when produced by an officer or non. I commissioned officer shall be conclusive evidence to a justice anil constable of the authority of the officer or non-commissioned officer | producing the same to demand carriages and animals in accordance! with such route.

The warrant ordering carriages, animals, and drivers to be provide! | shall specify the number and description of the carriages, and also I the places from and to which the same are to travel, and the I distances between such places.

"When sufficient carriages or animals cannot be procured withinl the jurisdiction of the said justice, any justice having jurisdiction! in the next adjoining place shall, by a like course of proceeding, I supply the deficiency.

A fee of one shilling and no more shall be paid for the warrant I by the officer or non-commissioned officer applying for the same and I shall he paid to the clerk of the justice.

Payment for HO. There shall be paid in respect of the carriages and animals I as to cawi*0^8 fu^ed in pursuance of this part of this Act the rates specified t animal &CT . in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, and the regulations contained I Mutiny Act, 69. in that schedule with respect to the carriages and animals furnished I shall be duly observed.

The following authorities; that is to say,

(1.) In England the court of general or quarter sessions ofs |

5 & 6 W. 4. county or of a borough subject to the. Municipal Corpo-1

c. 76. rations Act, 1835; and 1

- (2.) In Scotland, the commissioners of supply of a county, of the magistrates of a Royal or Parliamentary burgh;! and

(3.) In Ireland the grand jury for a county, a county of a city, | a county of a' town and city, or a city or town and I county, also any‘council of any such county, town of I city having by law the fiscal powers of a grand jury, may from time'to time, as respects places within their jurisdiction, j by order increase the rates authorised in the said schedule by such I amount in respect of each rate, not exceeding one third, as may seem I reasonable, and the amount of such increase shall be notified in I

159

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part III- Billeting and Impressment of Carriages.)

writing by the justice granting a warrant in pursuance of this Act impressment of to the person demanding the warrant. Carriages.

The order shall specify the average price of hay and oats at the nearest market town at the time of fixing such increased rates, and the order shall not be in force for more than ten days beyond the next meeting of such authority, but may be renewed from time to time by a fresh order or orders, and while in force shall have effect as part of the said schedule.

A copy of every such order, duly authenticated, shall be transmitted to a Secretary of State within three days after the making thereof.

The officer or non-commissioned officer who demands carriages or animals in pursuance of this part of this Act shall pay the sums due in respect of the same to the owners or drivers of the carriages or animals, and one third part of such payment shall in each case, if required, be made before the carriage is loaded; and such payments shall be made, if required, in the presence of a justice or constable.

If an officer or non-commissioned officer is from any cause unable to pay the amount due to the owner or driver of any carriage or animal, he shall make up with such owner or driver and sign an account of the amount due to him, and forthwith transmit the account so signed to a Secretary of State, who shall forthwith cause the amount named therein to be paid to such owner or driver.

111. The police authority for any place may cause annually a list Annual list of to be made out of all persons in such place, or any particular part P®rgs°n3iliable thereof, liable to furnish carriages and animals under this Act, and carriages, of the number and description of the carriages and animals of such Mutiny Act, os. persons; and where a list is [so made, any justice may by warrant require any constable or constables having authority within such place to give from time to time, on demand by an officer or noncommissioned officer under this Act, orders to furnish carriages and animals, and such warrant shall be executed as if it were a special warrant issued in pursuance of this Act on such demand, and the orders shall specify the like particulars as such special warrant.

The police authority shall cause such list to be kept at some convenient place open for inspection at all reasonable times by persons interested, and any person who feels aggrieved either by being entered in such list, or by being entered to furnish any number or description of carriages or animals which he is not liable to furnish, may complain to a court of summary jurisdiction, and the court, after such notice as the court think necessary to persons interested, may order the list to be amended in such manner as the court may think just.

All orders given by constables for furnishing carriages and animals shall, as far as possible, be made from such list in regular rotation.

119!. Her Majesty by order, distinctly stating that a case of Supply ofand emergency exists, and signified by a Secretary of. State, and also in v^eifin case Ireland the Lord Lieutenant by a like: order, signified by the Chief of emergency. Secretary or Under Secretary, may authorise any general or field Mutiny Act. 70,-officer commanding Her Majesty's regular forces in any military

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42&43 Vict (Part III. Billeting and Impressment of Carriages.) I

Impressment of district or place in the United Kingdom to issue a requisition Carriages, section (herein-after referred to as a requisition of emergency) The officer so authorised may issue a requisition of emerge^ under lus hand, reciting the said order, and requiring justices oftL peace to issue their warrants for the provision, for the purpojg mentioned in the requisition, of such carriages and animals as may be provided under the foregoing provisions, and also of carriages of every description, and of horses of every description, whether kept for saddle or draught, and also of vessels (whether boats, barges, ot other) used for the transport of any commodities whatsoever upon any canal or navigable river.

A justice of the peace, on demand by an officer of the portion of Her Majesty's forces mentioned in a requisition of emergency, ot by an officer of a Secretary of State authorised in this behalf, and on production of the requisition, shall issue his warrant for the pro. vision of such carriages, animals, and vessels as are stated by the officer producing the requisition of emergency to be required for the purpose mentioned in the requisition; the warrant shall be executed in the like manner, and all the provisions of this Act as to the provision or furnishing of carriages and animals, including those respecting fines on officers, non-commissioned officers, justices, constables, or owners of carriages or animals, shall apply in like manner as in the case where a justice issues, in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this Act, a warrant for the provision ot carriages and animals, and shall apply to vessels as if the expression carriages included vessels.

A Secretary of State shall cause due payment to be made for carriages, animals, and vessels furnished in pursuance of this section, and any difference respecting the amount of payment for any carriage, animal, or vessel shall be determined by a county court judge having jurisdiction in any place in which such carriage, animal, or vessel was furnished or through which it travelled in pursuance of the requisition.

Mutiny Act, 86. Canal, river, or lock tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for vessels while employed in any service in pursuance of this section or returning therefrom. And any toll collector who demands or receives toll in contravention of this exemption shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds nor less than ten shillings.

A requisition of emergency, purporting to be issued in pursuance of this section and to be signed by an officer therein stated to be authorised in accordance with this section, shall be evidence, until the contrary is proved, of its being duly issued and signed in pursuance of this Act, and if delivered to an officer of Her Majesty's forces or of a Secretary of State shall be a sufficient authority to such officer to demand carriages, animals, and vessels in pursuant of this section, and when produced by such officer shall be conclusive evidence to a justice and constable of the authority of suck officer to demand carriages, animals, and vessels in accordance with such requisition; and it shall be lawful to convey on such carriage animals, and vessels, not only the baggage, provisions, and military stoves of the troops mentioned in the requisition of emergency

161

-g79. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. (Part TIL Billeting and Impressment of Carriages.)

i-A also the officers, soldiers, servants, women, children, and other Impressment of

Duu a i 11. i ,v 7 Carnages.

persons of and belonging to the same. *

Offences i/n relation to the Impressment of Carriages. rdationto

113. Any Constable who — Impressment (1.) Neglects or refuses to execute any warrant of a justice re- arrta9eg-

quiring him to provide carriages, animals, or vessels; or (2.) Receives, demands, or agrees for any money or reward (1)

whatsoever to excuse or relieve any person from being Mutiny Act, 86. entered in a list as liable to furnish, or from being required to furnish, or from furnishing any carriage, animal, or vessel; or (3.) Orders any carriage, animal, or vessel to be furnished for any person or purpose or on any occasion for and on which it is not required by this Act to be furnished, shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine of not less than twenty shillings nor more than twenty pounds.

114. A person ordered by any constable in pursuance of this Offences by

Act to furnish a carriage, animal, or vessel who — cTredtofurnish

(1.) Refuses or neglects to furnish the same according to the carriages, smolders of such constable and this Act; or mals, or vessels.

(2.) Gives or agrees to give to a constable or to any officer or Mutiny(1^ct 86 non-commissioned officer any money or reward whatsoever to be excused from being entered in a list as liable to furnish, or from being required to furnish, or from furnishing, or in lieu of furnishing, any carriage, animal, or vessel in pursuance of this Act; or (3.) Does any act or thing by which the execution of any warrant (3.)

' ' j e j v- Mutiny Act, 86.

or order for providing or furnishing carriages, animals, or vessels is hindered, shall, on summary conviction, be liable to pay a fine of not less than forty shillings nor more than ten pounds.

115. Any officer or soldier who commits any offence in relation Offences by to the impressment of carriages for which he is liable to be punished

under Part One of this Act, other than an offence in respect of Mutiny Act, 87. which any other remedy is given by this part of this Act to the person aggrieved, shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds nor less than forty shillings.

A certificate of a conviction for an offence under this section shall Mutiny Act, 87.

be transmitted by the court making such conviction to a Secretary

°^te Supplemental

Supplemental Provisions as to Billeting a/nd Impressment of PmFetinand°

Carriages. Impressment of

Oaf^riages*

116. The following persons; that is to say, Application to

(1.) If any officer or soldier fails to comply with the provisions court of sum-of this part of this Act with respect to the payment of a ar.v iuns^c" sum due to a keeper of a victualling house, or in respect of sums^duTto18 carriages or animals, or to the making up of an account keepers of vic-of the sum due, the person to whom the sum is due; or 68

(2.) If a keeper of a victualling house suffers any ill-treatment can.iageS} &c. by violence, extortion, or making disturbance in billets (i.)

Supplemental Provisions as to Billeting and Impressment of Carriages. (2.)

See Art. of'War,

Provisions as to constables, police authorities, and justices. Mutiny Act, 67.

Mutiny Act, 6S.

Fraudulent claim for carriages, animals, &c.

(2.)

Mutiny Act, 86.

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 (Part III. Billeting and Impressment of Carriages.)

from any officer or soldier billeted upon him, or if J owner or driver of any carriage, animal, or vesw I furnished in pursuance of this part of this Act sufiL any ill-treatment from any officer or soldier, the pet^. suffering such ill-treatment, but, when there is an office commanding such officer or soldier present at the pW only after first making due complaint, if practicable, such commanding officer, may apply to a court of summary jurisdiction, and such court jf satisfied on oath of such failure or such ill-treatment, and of tie amount fairly due to the applicant, including the costs of his applj. cation to the court of summary jurisdiction, shall certify the satnt to a Secretary of State, who shall forthwith cause the amount due to be paid.

Provided that the Secretary of State, if it appear to him that the amount named in such certificate is not justly due, or is in excess of the amount justly due, may direct a complaint to be made to a court of summary jurisdiction for the county, borough, or place for which the court giving the certificate acted, and the court after hearing the case may by order confirm the said certificate, or vary it in such manner as to the court seems just.

117. A constable shall observe the directions given to him f« the due execution of this part of this Act by the police authority; and the police authority, or any member thereof, and every justice I of the peace may, if it seem necessary, and in the absence of 1 constable shall, themselves or himself, exercise the powers and perform the duties by this part of this Act vested in or imposed on a constable, and in such case every such person is in this part of this Act included in the expression " constable."

A person having or executing any military office or commission in any part of the United Kingdom shall not, directly or indirectly, be concerned as a justice or constable in the billeting of or appointing quarters for any officer or soldier or horse of the corps, or part of a corps, under his immediate command, and all warrants, acts, and things made, done, and appointed by such person for w concerning the same shall be void.

118. If any person —

(1.) Forges or counterfeits any route or requisition of emergency, or knowingly produces to a justice or constable any route or requisition of emergency so forged or counterfeited; or (2.) Personates or represents himself to be an officer or soldier authorised to demand any billet, or any carriage, animal or vessel, or to be entitled to be billeted, or to have his horse billeted; or (3.) Produces to a justice or constable a route or requisition which he is not authorised to produce, or a document falsely purporting to be a route or requisition, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for 0 period not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour, or to a fine not less than twenty shillings and not more than five pounds.

163

7p Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. (Part IV. General Provisions.)

PART IY.

GENERAL PROVISIONS.

Supplemental Provisions as to Courts-martial.

jj9, (1.) Her Majesty may, subject to the provisions of this Act, any warrant or warrants under Her Sign Manual, in such form jjer Majesty may from time to time direct, from time to time — Convene or authorise any qualified officer to convene a general court-martial for the trial under this Act of any person subject to military law; and (b.) Give a general authority to any qualified officer to convene general courts-martial for the trial, under this Act, of such persons subject to military law as may for the time being be under or within the territorial limits of his command; and

u.) Empower any qualified officer to delegate, to any officer under his command not below the degree of field officer, a general authority to convene general courts-martial for the trial, under this Act, of such persons subject to military law, as are for the time being under or within the territorial limits of his command; and Id.) Reserve for confirmation by Her Majesty, or empower any qualified officer to confirm, the findings and sentences of general courts-martial; and (e.) Empower any officer for the time being authorised to confirm the findings and sentences of general courts-martial to reserve for confirmation findings or sentences of general courts-martial or to delegate a power of confirming such findings or sentences to any officer under his command not below the degree of field officer; and (/) Revoke any warrant for the time being in force, or any part of any warrant, leaving the remainder in full force. Provided that where it appears to Her Majesty that in any place out of the United Kingdom, where no field officer is for the time being in command, hardship would be inflicted on persons accused of offences by reason of there being no means of speedily trying such persons for offences, a warrant under this section may empower an officer to delegate to an officer not below the degree of captain any authority and power authorised under this section to be delegated to a field officer.

(2.) The same officer may or may not be appointed convening and confirming officer.

(3.) The power of convening general courts-martial, and of confirming the findings and sentences of general courts-martial, or either of such powers, may be granted subject to such restrictions, reservations, exceptions, and conditions as to Her Majesty may seem meet, and when delegated by any officer empowered in that behalf may, subject to the provisions of any warrant granting him such power, be delegated subject to such restrictions, reservations, ex* ceptionsj and conditions as to such officer may seem fit.

Supplemental Provisions as to Courts-martial.

Royal warrant required for convening and confirming general courts-martial.

Mutiny Act, 6.

164

Supplemental Provisions as to Courts-martial.

Ch. 33. Army Disciplvne and Regulation Act, 18*7$. 42 & 43 ylft (Part IV. General Provisions.)

(4.) Warrants under this section may be addressed to officer* L name or by designation of their offices, or partly in one way jJJJ partly in the other, and any warrant may or may not, according (. the terms of such warrant and the mode in which the same jj addressed, be limited to an officer named, or be extended to person for the time being performing the duties of the office naM or be extended to the successors in command of an officer.

(5.) Any warrant of Her Majesty issued in pursuance of this section shall be of the same force as if the provisions thereof wet? enacted by this Act.

(6.) " Qualified officer" for the purposes of this Act, in so far as it I relates to convening or confirming the findings and sentences o( I general courts-martial, means the Commander- in-Chief and any I officer not below the rank of a field officer commanding for the time being any body of the regular forces either within or without I Her Majesty's dominions; it also includes the Lord Lieutenant o( I Ireland, the Governor-General of India, and a Governor of any colony on whom the command of any body of regular forces may be conferred by Her Majesty.

120. (1.) Any officer or person authorised by warrant of Her! Majesty to convene general courts-martial may —

(a.) Convene a district court-martial for the trial under this Act I of any person under his command who is subject to I military law; and (b.) Empower any person under his command not below the rani I of captain to convene a district court-martial for the trial under this Act of any person under the command of such last-mentioned officer who is subject to military law; and (c.) Confirm the finding and sentence of any district court-martial or empower any officer whom he has power to authori* 1 to convene district courts-martial to confirm the finding oil sentence of any district court-martial.

(2.) The same officer may or may not be appointed convening and confirming officer under this section.

(3.) The power of convening, and of confirming the findings and I sentences of, district courts-martial, or either of such powers, may i* I granted under this section, subject to such restrictions, reservation I exceptions, and conditions as to the officer granting such power maj seem meet.

(4.) Any authority under this section for convening distrid I courts-martial may be addressed to an officer by name or by desig* I nation of his office, or partly in one way and partly in the other, and may or may not, according to the terms thereof and the mod* in which the same is addressed, be limited to an officer named, be extended to a person holding for the time being or performing the duties of the office, or be extended to the successors in command of such officer.

Right of person 121. Any person tried by a court-martial shall be entitled, ot

roceedhT^of^ demand, at any time in the case of a general court-martial within court-martial, seven years, and in the case of any other court-martial within thr# Art. of War, iB7, years after the confirmation of the finding and sentence of the court to obtain from the officer or person having the custody of proceed'

Authority of officer empowered to convene general courts-martial required for convening and confirming district courts-martial.

Mutiny Act, 6. See Art. of War, no.

165

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part IV. General Provisions.)

ings of such court a copy thereof, including the proceedings with Supplemental respect to the revision and confirmation thereof, upon payment for Provisions as the same at the prescribed rate, not exceeding twopence for every marti^L folio of seventy-two words, and for the purposes of this section the Naval DigcipIine proceedings of courts-martial shall be preserved in the prescribed Act>69-manner.

122. Every person required to give evidence before a court- Summoning

martial may be summoned or ordered to attend in the prescribed privilege J of witnesses at

manner. j >* courts-martial.

Every person attending in pursuance of such summons or order Mutiny Act, is. as a witness before any court-martial shall, during his necessary Art, of War, ibs. attendance in or on such court, and in going to and returning from the same, have the same privilege from arrest as he would have if he were a witness before a superior court of civil jurisdiction.

123. Where any person who is not subject to military law Misconduct of

commits any of the following offences; that is to say, civilian at

(1.) On being duly summoned as a witness before a court-martial, court-niartial-and after payment or tender of the reasonable expenses of his attendance, makes default in attending; or

(2.) Being in attendance as a witness —

(a.) Refuses to take an oath legally required by a court-martial to be taken; or

(6.) Refuses to produce any document in his power or control legally required by a court-martial to be produced by him; or .

(c.) Refuses to answer any question to which a court-martial may legally require an answer, the president of the court-martial may certify the offence of such person under his hand to any court of law in the part of Her Majesty's dominions where the offence is committed which has power to punish witnesses if guilty of like offences in that court, and that court may thereupon inquire into such alleged offence, and after examination of any witnesses that may be produced against or for the person so accused, and after hearing any statement that may be offered in defence, if it seem just, punish such witness in like manner as if he had committed such offence in a proceeding in that court.

Where a person not subject to military law when examined on Mutiny Act, 96. oath or solemn declaration before a court-martial wilfully gives false evidence, he shall be liable on indictment or information to be convicted of and punished for the offence of perjury, or the offence by whatever name called in the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which the offence is tried which, if committed in England, would be perjury.

Where a person not subject to military law is guilty of any con- Art. of War, ibi. tempt towards a court-martial, by using insulting or threatening language, or by causing any interruption or disturbance in its proceedings, or by printing observations or using words calculated.to influence the members of or witnesses before such court,- or to bring such court into disrepute, the president of the court-martial may certify the offence of such person, under his hand, to any court of law in the part of Her Majesty's dominions where the offence is

166

Supplemental Provisions as to Courts-martial.

Court-martial governed by English law only.

Mutiny Act, iQi. the provisions of the Indian Evidence Act, 1872, or to any I law, or ordinance of any legislature whatsoever other than tit I Parliament of the United Kingdom.

Rules of evi- 125. The rules of evidence to be adopted in proceedings before I the courts-martial shall be the same as those which are followed in civil I

bailie as in 1*

civil courts. courts; and no person shall be required to answer any question oil to produce any document which he could not be required to answer I or produce in similar proceedings before a civil court.

Provision in 126. Where it appears on the trial by court-martial of a pen® I case of insane charged with an offence that such person is by reason of insanity I persons. unfit to take his trial the court shall find specially that fact; and I

Naval Discipline _ F 1 ... I

Act, ss. 68, so. such person shall be kept m custody in the prescribed manner until I the directions of Her Majesty thereon are known, or until any ft earlier time at which such person is fit to take his trial.

Where on the trial by court-martial of a person charged with | offence it appears that such person committed the offence but that he was insane at the time of the commission thereof, the court shall find specially the fact of his insanity, and such person shall be kepi in custody in the prescribed manner until the directions of Her Majesty thereon are known.

In either of the above cases Her Majesty may give orders for the I safe custody of such person during Her pleasure, in such place and I in such manner as Her Majesty thinks fit.

A finding under this section shall be subject to confirmation ii I like manner as any other finding.

If a person imprisoned by virtue of this Act becomes insane, then, I without prejudice to any other provision for dealing with such insane j prisoner, a Secretary of State in any case, and in the case of» prisoner confined in India the Governor-General of India, or the Governor of any Presidency in which the person is confined, and i* the case of a prisoner confined in a colony the Governor of that colony, may, upon a certificate of such insanity by two qualified medical practitioners, order the removal of such prisoner to «® asylum or other proper place for the reception of insane persons in the United Kingdom, India, or the colony, according as the prison® is confined in the United Kingdom, India, or the colony, there to remain for the unexpired term of his imprisonment, and, upon such person being certified in the like manner to be again of sound mind, may order his removal to any prison in which he might hav6 been confined if he had not become insane, there to undergo th® remainder of such punishment.

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 v (Part IV. General Prolusions.) *1

committed which has power to commit for contempt, and that cojv may thereupon inquire into such alleged offence, and after heaZ any witnesses that may be produced against or on behalf of $ person so accused, and after hearing any statement that mayt offered in defence, punish or take steps for the punishment of ay person in like manner as if he had been guilty of contempt of th court.

124. A court-martial under this Act shall not, as respects tin conduct of its proceedings, or the reception or rejection of evident# or as respects any other matter or thing whatsoever, be subject (r,

167

1379, Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part IV. General Provisions.)

General Provisions as to Prisons. _ General

Provisions as

127. A Secretary of State may from time to time make arrange- to Prisons. ments with the Governor-General of India or the Governor of a Arrangements colony for the reception in any prison in India or in such colony of ^coloidai prisoners under this Act, and of deserters or absentees without leave governments from Her Majesty's service, on payment of such sums as are provided as to prisons, by the arrangement, and the governor of any prison to which any

such arrangement relates shall be under the same obligation as the governor of a prison in the United Kingdom to receive and detain such prisoners, deserters, and absentees without leave: Provided that where a prisoner has been sentenced in India or in a colony to a term of imprisonment exceeding twelve months, or to a term of penal servitude, he shall be transferred as soon as practicable to a prison or convict establishment within the United Kingdom, unless in the case of imprisonment the court shall for special reasons otherwise order, there to undergo his sentence.

128. The governor of every prison in the United Kingdom, and Duty of go-the governor of every prison in India or a colony who is under the receive*"8011 same obligation as the governor of a prison in the United Kingdom, prisoners, de-shall receive and confine, until discharged or delivered over in due serters, and course of law, all prisoners sent to such prison in pursuance of this ^thoufleave Act, and every person delivered into his custody as a deserter or Mutiny Act, 80. absentee without leave by any person conveying him under legal S5< authority, on production of the warrant of a court of summary jurisdiction on which such deserter or absentee without leave has been

taken or committed, or of some order from a Secretary of State, or from the Governor-General of India, or the Governor of a colony, which order shall continue in force until the deserter or absentee without leave has arrived at his destination.

The provisions of this section with respect to the governor of a prison in the United Kingdom shall apply to a person having charge of any police station or other place in which prisoners may legally be confined.

Military Prisons. unitary

Prisons.

129. It shall be lawful for a Secretary of State, and in India for Establishment the Governor-General, to set apart any building or part of a building and regulation under the control of the Secretary of State or Governor-General as 0^"^'stary

a military prison, or as a public prison for the imprisonment of Act, 29, military prisoners, and to declare that any such building or part of and 860 ' a building shall be a military prison, or a public prison, as the case may be, and every military prison so declared shall be deemed to be a public prison within the meaning of the provisions of this Act relating to imprisonment, and if such prison is in India shall be deemed to be an authorised prison.

It shall be lawful for a Secretary of State, and in India for the Governor-General, from time to time to make, alter, and repeal' rules for the government, management, and regulation of military prisons, and for the appointment and removal and powers of inspectors, visitors, governors, and officers thereof, and for the labour of military prisoners therein, and for the safe custody of such prisoners,

Military

Prisons.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 126.

40 8c 41 Vict. c. 21.

168 Ch. 33. Array Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43

(Part IV. General Provisions.)

and for the maintenance of discipline among them, and for the punk ment by personal correction, not exceeding twenty-five lashes in (L case of corporal punishment, restraint, or otherwise of offences con. mitted by such prisoners, so, however, that such rules shall m authorise corporal punishment to be inflicted for any offence j, addition to the offences for which such punishment can be inflict in pursuance of the Prison Acts, 1865, 1877, nor render the in. prisonment more severe than it is under the law in force for the ti|( being in any public prison in England, subject to the Prison Act q(| the fortieth and forty-first Victoria, chapter twenty-one, and pro. vided that all the regulations in the Prison Act of 1865 and in tie aforesaid Act as to the duties of gaolers, medical officers, and coroners shall be contained in such rules, so far as the same can be made applicable.

On all occasions of death by violence, or attended with suspicion circumstances in any military prison in India an inquest is to he held, to make inquiry into the cause of death. The commanding officer shall cause notice to be given to the neai'est magistrate, duly authorised to hold inquests, and such magistrate shall hold an inquest into the cause of any such death, in the manner and will the powers provided in the case of similar inquiries held under the law for the time being in force in India, for regulating criminal procedure.

Where from any cause there is no competent civil authority available, the commanding officer shall convene a court of inquest Such court shall be convened and shall hold the inquest in such manner as may be prescribed.

Such rules may apply to such prisons any enactments of the Prison Act, 1865, imposing punishments on any persons not prisoners All rules made by a Secretary of State in pursuance of this sec- tion shall be laid before Parliament as soon as practicable after they are made, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not, as soon as practicable after the commencement of the then next session of Parliament.

130. No soldiers shall be confined longer than is absolutely prisons in India necessary, in prisons other than military prisons in India and the or colonies, not colonies where the rules for the government and management oi being military suc}j priSOns differ from those made by the Governor-General of

India and a Secretary of State in the case of India and the colonies 1 respectively.

131. Whereas it is expedient that a clear difference should he made between the treatment of prisoners convicted of breaches of discipline and the treatment of prisoners convicted of offences of an immoral, dishonest, shameful, or criminal character, a Secretary of State shall from time to time make rules for the classification and treatment of such prisoners.

Pay.

132. The pay of an officer or soldier of Her Majesty's regular forces shall be paid without any deduction other than the deductions authorised by this or any other Act or by any royal warrant for the time being.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 126.

See bs. 37, 40.

Kestrictions on confinement in

Classification of prisoners.

Pay.

Authorised deductions only to be made from pay. Mutiny Act, 60.

1879. Army Discipline cmd Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. 169

(Pa/rt IV. General Provisions.)

133. The following penal deductions shall be made from the Pay.

ordinary pay due to an officer of the regular forces: Penal stop-

(1.) All ordinary pay due to an officer who absents himself pa£.es from without leave or over stays the period for which leave of officers*! y of absence has been granted him, unless a satisfactory explanation has been given through the commanding Art. of war, 2, officer of such officer, and has been notified as satis- 175,18‘ factory by the Commander-in-Chief to a Secretary of State:

(2.) The sum required to make good such compensation for any , , (a)

' ' , 0 -. r . j , , Mutiny Act, 17.

expenses, loss, damage, or destruction occasioned by the Art. of War, 130. commission of any offence as may be awarded by the court-martial by whom he is convicted of such offence:$

(3.) The sum required to make good the pay of any officer or (».) soldier which he has unlawfully retained or unlawfully eo.e u my refused to pay.

134. The following penal deductions may be made from the penai stop-

ordinary pay due to a soldier of the regular forces: pages from

(1.) All ordinary pay for every day of absence either on deser-tion or without leave, or as prisoner of war, and for every day of imprisonment either under sentence for an offence Art. of War, so, awarded by a civil court or court-martial, or by his 170tol7e-commanding officer, or under detention on the charge for an offence of which he is afterwards convicted by a civil court or court-martial;

(2.) All ordinary pay for every day on which he is in hospital on account of sickness certified by the proper medical , officer attending on him at the hospital to have been caused by an offence committed by him;

(3.) The sum required to make good such compensation for any (3:K

1 j 0 , , r . . . Mutiny Act, 17,

expenses, loss, damage, or destruction occasioned by the so. commission of any offence as may be awarded by the court-martial by whom he is convicted of such offence, or where he has confessed the offence and his trial is dispensed with by order, as may be awarded by order of the authority by whose order the trial is dispensed with ;

(4-) The sum required to make good such compensation for any see Art. of War, expenses caused by him, or for any loss of or damage or 8'180'131, destruction done by him to any arms, ammunition, equipment, clothing, instruments, or regimental necessaries or military decoration, or to any buildings or property, as may be awarded by his commanding officer, or, in case he requires to be tried by a court-martial, by that court-

, martial;

'") Where a soldier's liquor ration is stopped by his commanding of(^ar l79 officer on board any ship, whether commissioned by Her Majesty or not, the sum equivalent to such ration, whether previously drawn by the soldier or not, not exceeding one

,R penny a day for twenty-eight days ;

i|| The sum'required to pay a fine awarded by a court-martial, Art of(^ar, 77. his commanding officer, or a civil court; and

170 Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 4,3 y

(Part IV. General Provisions.) Vict

Pay. (7.) The sum required to pay any sum ordered by a Secret*

(7.) of State to be paid as mentioned in this Act for the nttl

Ar^oTw^ 177! tenance of his wife or child, or of any bastard child*1,

towards the cost of any relief given by way of loan to V wife or child:

Ait. of War, iso. Provided that the total amount of deductions from the ordinal

pay due to a soldier in respect of the sums required to pay compensation, fine, or sum awarded or ordered to be paid as a% said by a court-martial, commanding officer, or Secretary of State shall not exceed such sum as will leave to the soldier, after payk for his messing and washing, less than one penny a day.

And (2) that a person shall not be subjected in respect of any compensation, fine, or sum awarded or ordered to be paid as aforesaid to any deductions greater than is sufficient to make good the expenses, loss, damage, or destruction for which such compensation is awarded, or to pay the said sum.

Remission of 135. Subject to any regulation or order from time to time made

y a Secretary of State, a court-martial by whom an officer or

pay. ° D8Iy soldier is tried for any offence, and where a soldier is not tried by See Art. of War, court-martial the commanding officer of such soldier, may remit Bo-hii Warrant, the whole or any portion of any deduction of pay authorised by 893- this Act, in any case where such remission appears to such court or

commanding officer to be just, or to be conducive to the good of tk service.

Supplemental 136. Any sum authorised by this Act to be deducted from tk

as to dedue- ordinary pay of an officer or soldier may, without prejudice to any

ordinary'pay other mode of recovering the same, be deducted from the ordinary Art. of War 133, Pay or from any sums due to such officer or soldier, in such man-wo* ner, and when deducted or recovered may be appropriated in suck

manner, as may be from time to time directed by any regulation or order of the Secretary of State.

And any such regulation or order may from time to time declare what shall be deemed for the purposes of the provisions of this Ad relating to deductions from pay to constitute a day of absence ori day of imprisonment.

Art. of War, m Incases of doubt as to the proper issue of payor the proper

deduction from pay due to any officer or soldier, the pay maybe withheld until Her Majesty's order respecting it has been signified through a Secretary of State, which order shall be final.

Exemptions of Exemptions of Officers and Soldiers.

Soldiers. 137. All officers and soldiers of Her Majesty's regular forces on Exemptions of duty or on the march; and officers and Their horses and baggage; and tons'*8 from All prisoners under military escort; and Mutiny Act, 73. All carriages and horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in her military service, when conveying any such persons 8s above in this section mentioned, or baggage or stores, 01 returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from payment of any duties or tolls on efl>' barking or disembarking from or upon any pier, wharf, quay,01

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 83. 171

(Part IV. General Provisions.)

landing-place, or in passing along or over any turnpike or other Exemptions of road or bridge, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act of Parliament already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act, Ordinance, order, or direction of the legislature or other authority in India or any colony:

Provided that nothing in this section shall exempt any boats, barges, or other vessels employed in conveying the said persons, horses, baggage, or stores along any canal from payment of tolls in like manner as other boats, barges, and vessels.

When any soldiers have occasion in their march by route to Mutiny Act, 74. pass regular ferries in Scotland, the officer commanding may, at his option, pass over with his soldiers as passengers, and shall pay for himself and each soldier one half only of the ordinary rate payable by single persons, or may hire the ferry boat for himself and his party, debarring others for that time, and shall in all such cases pay only half the ordinary rate for such boat.

Any person who demands and receives any duty, toll, or rate in Mutiny Act, 86. contravention of this section shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds nor less than ten shillings.

138. A soldier of Her Majesty's regular forces shall not. be Exemption of liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's service by any process, soldiers in execution, or order of any court of law or otherwise, or to be process.0 °ml compelled to appear in person before any court of law, except in Mutiny Act, 40. respect of the following matters, or one of them; that is to say,

(1.) On account of a charge of or conviction for crime; or,

(2.) On account of any debt, damages, or sum of money, when the amount exceeds thirty pounds over and above all costs of suit.

For the purposes of this section a crime shall mean a felony, misdemeanor, or other crime or offence punishable, according to the law in force in that part of Her Majesty's dominions in which such soldier is, with fine or imprisonment or some greater punishment, and shall not include the offence of a person absenting himself from his service, or neglecting to fulfil his contract, or otherwise misconducting himself respecting his contract.

For the purposes of this section a court of law shall be deemed to include a court of summary jurisdiction and any magistrate.

The amount of the debt, damages, or sum shall be proved for the purpose of any process issued before the court has adjudicated on the case by an affidavit of the person seeking to recover the same or of some one on his behalf, and such affidavit shall be sworn, without payment of any fee, in the manner in which affidavits are sworn in the court in which proceedings are taken for the recovery of the sum, and a memorandum of such affidavit shall, without fee, be endorsed upon any process or order issued against a soldier.

All proceedings and documents in or incidental to a process, execution, or order in contravention of this section shall be void; and where complaint is made by a soldier or his commanding officer that such soldier is dealt with in contravention of this section by any process, execution, or order issued out of any court, and is made to that court or to any court superior to it, the court or some judge thereof shall examine into the complaint, and shall, if necessary,

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 y.

(Part IV. General Provisions.) t] I

Exemptions of discharge such soldier without fee, and may award reasonable com. Officers and complainant, which may be recovered as if costs had W

Soldiers. . , . r,. - r , s J .. ."

awarded m his favour m any action or other proceeding m SJ court.

Provided that —

(1.) Any person having cause of action or suit against a sold#, of the regular forces may, notwithstanding anything jj this section, after due notice in writing given to tl soldier, or left at his last quarters, proceed in such action or suit to judgment, and have execution other than agaimt the person, pay, arms, ammunition, equipments, instru. ments, regimental necessaries, or clothing of such soldier-and

(2.) This section shall not prevent such proceeding with respect to apprentices and indentured labourers as is authorised by this Act.

Liability of 139. A soldier of the regular forces shall be liable to contribute maintain wife maintenance of his wife and of his children, and also to the

and children, maintenance of any bastard child of which he may be proved to be MutinyAct, m the father, to the same extent as if he were not a soldier; but execution shall not issue against his person, pay, arms, ammunition, equipments, instruments, regimental necessaries, or clothing nor shall he be liable to be punished for the offence of deserting or neglecting to maintain his wife or family, or any member thereof or of leaving her or them chargeable to any union, parish, or place.

5 G. 4. c. 83. When any order or decree is made under any Act or at commou *°84 11 ict' law for payment by a soldier of the regular forces either of the cost 26 & 27 Vict. of the maintenance of his wife or child, or of any bastard child of c-21- whom he is the putative father, or of the cost of any relief given

to his wife or child by way of loan, a copy of such order or decree shall be sent to a Secretary of State, and in the case —

Art. ot War, 177. (1.) Of such order or decree being so sent; or

(2.) Of it appearing to the satisfaction of a Secretary of State that a soldier of the regular forces has deserted or left t> destitute circumstances, without reasonable cause, his if# or any of his legitimate children under fourteen years ol age,

the Secretary of State may order a portion not exceeding sixpence of the daily pay of a non-commissioned officer who is not below tl* rank of sergeant, and not exceeding threepence of the daily pay of any other soldier, to be deducted from such daily pay, and to 1* appropriated, in the first [case, in liquidation of the .sum adjudge^ to be paid by such order or decree, and in the second case, to war® the maintenance of such wife or children, in such manner as tl* Secretary of State thinks fit.

Where a proceeding is instituted against a soldier of the regul*1 forces under any Act, or at common law, for the purpose of enforcing against him any such liability as above in this section mentioned and such soldier is quartered out of the jurisdiction of the cotfl or, if the proceeding is before a court of summary jurisdiction, o®* | of the petty sessional division in which the proceeding is instituted i the process shall be served on the commanding officer of sud

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. 173

(Part IV. General Provisions.)

soldier, and such service shall not be valid unless there be left Exemptions of therewith, in the hands of the commanding officer, a sum of money s

(to be adjudged as costs incurred in obtaining the order or decree, if made against the soldier) sufficient to enable him to attend the hearing of the case and return to his quarters, and such sum may he expended by the commanding officer for that purpose; and no process whatever under any Act or at common law in any proceeding in this section mentioned shall be valid against a soldier of the regular forces if served after the time at which an order has been given for the embarkation for service beyond the seas of the corps to which the soldier belongs, or of the part of the corps in which he is serving.

140. A person who is commissioned and in full pay as an officer Officers not to

in Her Majesty's regular forces shaUnot be capable of being nominated sheriffs or

or elected to be sheriff of any county, borough, or other place, or to

be mayor or alderman of, or to hold any office in, any municipal u raj c ' corporation in any city, borough, or place in the United Kingdom.

Gov/i't of Requests in India. Court of .Re-

141. Where any part of Her Majesty's regular forces is serving tn^t' in India beyond the jurisdiction of any court of smaU causes of reqneSts in established by or under the authority of the Governor-General of India.

India in Council, actions of debt and personal actions against officers Mutiny Act, 99.

and other persons subject to military law, with the exception of

persons being soldiers of the regular forces, which would be

cognizable by such court of small causes if the said part of Her

Majesty's regular forces were within the jurisdiction of the court,

shall be cognizable before a court of requests composed of officers,

and not elsewhere; provided that —

(1.) The value in question does not exceed four hundred rupees; and

(2.) The defendant was a person of the above description when the cause of action arose; and

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall enable an action to be brought in a military court of requests by an officer or soldier of the regular forces against an officer of the regular forces.

The commanding officer of any camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post is hereby empowered to convene any such court.

Whenever, owing to paucity of officers, or to any other cause, a court of requests cannot conveniently be held at the place where the defendant may be, the officer commanding the division or district may authorise a court to be convened by the officer commanding at the nearest place where such court can be formed.

142. Courts of request under this Act shall in all practicable Constitution cases consist of five officers, and in no instance of less than three. mgs of°military

The president thereof shall in all practicable cases be a field court of reofficer, and in no case be under the rank of a captain. quests.

Every member shall have served not less than five years as a Mutiny Act, 99. commissioned officer.

Before any proceedings are had before such court the president and members shall take the following oath, which oath shall be

11 *

Court of Requests in India.

Execution of judgment of military court of requests. Mutiny Act, 99.

'"'O

4

If

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 4.3 yIOl (Part IV. General Provisions.)

administered by the president of the court to the other member* thereof, and to the president by any sworn member; (that is to! say,)

* You swear, that you will duly administer

‘ justice according to the evidence in the matters brought before I 1 you. So help you GOD.'

All witnesses before any such court shall be sworn and examined in the like manner as in the case of a trial by court-martial, and shall be liable to the same punishment for giving false evidence.

The provisions of this Act with respect to the substitution of a solemn declaration for an oath in the case of a court-martial shall apply as if they were enacted in this section, and in terms made applicable thereto.

143. A military court of requests held in India under the authority of this Act, on adjudging payment of any sum by any person subject to military law (in this section referred to as the debtor), may either award execution thereof generally, or direct specially that the amount named in the direction, being the whole or any part of the said sum, shall be paid by instalments or otherwise out of any pay or other public money payable to the debtor, and the amount named in the direction, not exceeding one half of such pay and public money, shall, while the debtor is in India, be stopped and paid in conformity with the direction.

Where execution is awarded generally by a military court of requests, the sum, if not paid forthwith, shall be levied by seizure and public sale of such of the property of the debtor as may be found within the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post to which the debtor belongs, and, if the proceeds are insufficient to pay the said sum, as may be found within the limits of a camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post in India to which the debtor may belong at any subsequent time.

The levy and seizure shall be made under a written order of the commanding officer of such camp, garrison, cantonment, or military 1 post, grounded on the judgment of the court.

The arms and equipment of a debtor shall not be liable to be ' seized or sold under this section.

All orders of the commanding officer as to the manner of such sale, or the person by whom the same shall be made, or otherwise respecting the same, shall be duly observed; and if any question arises whether any such property is liable to be seized or sold as aforesaid, the decision of the said commanding officer thereon shall be final.

If sufficient property is not found within the limits of the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post, then any pay or public money (not exceeding one half) accruing to the debtor shall, while the debtor is in India, be stopped, in liquidation of the said sum.

If the debtor does not receive pay as an officer or from any public department, he may be arrested by order of the commanding officer of the Camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post, and imprisoned in some convenient place within the camp, garrison, cantonment, or military post, for any period not exceeding two months, unless the said sum be sooner paid.

175

1879. Array Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part IV. General Provisions.)

The commanding officer shall not, nor shall any person acting on Court of lie-bis orders in respect of the matters aforesaid, incur any liability to <luests tn ndta-any person whomsoever for any act done by him in execution or intended execution of the provisions of this section.

144. In India all actions of debt and personal actions against Courts of small

#« * o causes and. civil

persons subject to military law, other than soldiers of the regular e0Urts in India, forces, within the jurisdiction of any court of small causes, shall be Mutiny Act, 99. cognisable by such court to the extent of its powers.

All such actions where the amount sued for exceeds four hundred rupees shall be cognisable by a civil court or court of small causes only.

A civil court or court of small causes, upon adjudging payment of any sum by any person subject to military law other than a soldier of the regular forces, may either award execution thereof generally, or may direct specially that the amount named in the direction, being the whole or any part of the said sum, shall be paid by instalments or otherwise out of any pay or other public money payable to the debtor, and the amount named in the direction, not exceeding one half of such pay and public money, shall, while the debtor is in India, be stopped and paid in conformity with the direction.

In regard to award of execution generally, a civil court or court of small causes shall proceed in accordance with the rules of procedure of such court in India.

Legal Penalties in Matters respecti/ng Forces.

Legal Penalties in Matters

145. Any person who falsely confesses himself to be a deserter ^Forces9

from Her Majesty's regular forces shall on summary conviction be Punishment or sentenced to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any pretending to period not exceeding three months. be a deserter.

146. Any person who in the United Kingdom or elsewhere by

any means whatsoever — for induces-

(1.) Procures or pursuades any soldier to desert, or attempts to soldiers to procure or persuade any soldier to desert; or desert.

(2.) Knowing that a soldier is about to desert, aids or assists him Mutiny Act'81, in deserting; or

(3.) Knowing any soldier to be a deserter, conceals such soldier, or aids or assists him in concealing himself, or aids or

assists in his rescue,

shall be liable on summary conviction to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding six months.

147. With respect to deserters the following provisions shall have Apprehension effect: of deserters.

(1.) Upon reasonable suspicion that a person is a deserter, it shall ®utiny Act> be lawful for any constable, or if no constable can be immediately met with, then for any officer or soldier or other person, to apprehend such suspected person, and forthwith to bring him before a court of summary jurisdiction:$

(2.) Where a person is brought before a court of summary jurisdiction charged with being a deserter under this Act, such

176 Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Yk

(Part 1V. General Provisions.)

Legal Penal- court may deal with the case in like manner as if

ties in Matters person were brought before the court charged with an

forces9. indictable offence, or in Scotland an offence:$

(3;) The court, if satisfied either by evidence on oath or by tL confession of such person that he is a deserter, shall forth, with, as it may seem to the court most expedient ^tt regard to his safe custody, cause him either to be delivered into military custody in such manner as the court may deem most expedient, or, until he can be so delivered, to be committed to some prison, police station, or other place legally provided for the confinement of persons in custody, for such reasonable time as appears to the court reasonably necessary for the purpose of delivering him into military custody:$

(4.) Where the person confessed himself to be a deserter, and evidence of the truth or falsehood of such confession is not then forthcoming, the court shall remand such person for the purpose of obtaining information as to the truth or falsehood of the said confession, and for that purpose the court shall transmit, if sitting in the United Kingdom to a Secretary of State, and if in India to the general or other officer commanding the forces in the military district or station where the court sits, and if in a colony to the general jor other officer commanding the forces in that colony, a return (in this Act referred to as a descriptive return) containing such particulars and being in such form as is specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act, or as may be from time to time directed by a Secretary of State: (5.) The court may from time to time remand the said person for a period not exceeding eight days in each instance and not exceeding in the whole such period as appears to the court reasonably necessary for the purpose of obtaining the said information:

(6.) Where the court cause a person either to be delivered into military custody or to be committed as a deserter, the court shall send, if in the United Kingdom to a Secretary of State, and if in India or a colony to the general or other officer commanding as aforesaid, a descriptive return in relation to such deserter, for which the clerk of the court shall be entitled to a fee of two shillings:$

(7.) A Secretary of State shall direct payment of the said fee. Penalty on 148. Every person (except the Army Purchase Commissioners, cMnmisBKins an<^ persons acting under their authority by virtue of the Reguh' 84 & 85 Vict. tion of the Forces Act, 1871,) who negotiates, acts as agent for, &

o. 86. otherwise aids or connives at- —

Mutiny Act, vs. (l.) The sale or purchase of any commission in Her Majesty8 regular forces; or (2.) The giving or receiving of any valuable consideration respect of any promotion in or retirement from such force8' or any employment therein; or (3.) Any exchange which is made in manner not authorised by regulations made in pursuance of the Regimental E*'

<379. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33. 177

(Part IV. General Provisions.)

changes Act, 1875, and in respect of which any sum of Legal Petial-money or other consideration is given or received, shall be liable on conviction on indictment or information to a fine Forces.

of one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for any period not 38 & 39 Vict. exceeding six months, and if an officer, on conviction by court- 0.16-partial, to be dismissed the service.

149. (1.) Every person who — _ Penalty on

(a.) Buys, exchanges, takes in pawn, detains, or receives from a purchasing soldier, or any person acting on his behalf, on any pretence whatsoever; or necessaries,

(b) Solicits or entices any soldier to sell, exchange, pawn, or give equipments,

' ' 00 stores, &c.

away; or 32 & 3 Vi

(&) Assists or acts for a soldier in selling, exchanging, pawning, * 57 l0t‘

or making away with, Mutiny Act, ss.

any of the property following; namely, any arms, ammunition, equipments, instruments, regimental necessaries, or clothing, or any military decorations of an officer or soldier, or any furniture, bedding, blankets, sheets, utensils, and stores in regimental charge, or any provisions or forage issued for the use of an officer or soldier, or his horse, or of any horse employed in Her Majesty's service, shall, unless he proves either that he acted in ignorance of the same being such property as aforesaid, or of the person with whom he dealt being or acting for a soldier, or that the same was sold by order of a Secretary of State or some competent military authority, be liable on summary conviction, in the case of the first offence, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, together with treble the value of any property of which such offender has become possessed by means of his offence; and in the case of a second offence, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, together with treble the value of any property of which such offender has become possessed by means of his offence, but not less than five pounds, or to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding six months.

(2.) Where any such property as above in this section mentioned is found in the possession or keeping of any person, such person may be taken or summoned before a court of summary jurisdiction, and if such court have reasonable ground to believe that the property so found was stolen, or was bought, exchanged, taken in pawn, obtained or received in contravention of this section, then if such person does not satisfy the court that he came by the property so found lawfully and without any contravention of this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

(3.) A person charged with an offence against this section, and the wife or husband of such person, may, if he or she think fit, be sworn and examined as an ordinary witness in the case.

(4.) A person found committing an offence against this section nay he apprehended without warrant, and taken, together with the property which is the subject of the offence, before a court of sum- 24 &. 25 Vict. nary jurisdiction; and any person to whom any such property as c- 96- 8 103‘ above mentioned is offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, who fias reasonable cause to suppose that the same is offered in contra-[Ro. 12. Price 2dL] M

178 Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 4s2&43Y$d

(Port IV. General Provisions.)

Legal Penal- vention of this section, may, and if he has the power shall, apprj. ties in Matters hend the person offering such property, and forthwith take him together with such property, before a court of summary jurisdiction,' (5.) A court of summary jurisdiction, if satisfied on oath that there is reasonable cause. to suspect that any person has in hjj possession, or on his premises, any property on or with respect to which any offence in this section mentioned has been committed may grant a warrant to search for such property, as in the case of stolen goods; and any property found on such search shall be seized by the officer charged with the execution of such warrant, who shall bring the person in whose possession the same is found before some court of summary jurisdiction, to be dealt with according to law.

See 38 & 39 (6.) For the purposes of this section property shall be deemed to

Vict. c. 25. q,e in the possession or keeping of a person if he knowingly has it in the actual possession or keeping of any other person, or in any house, building, lodging, apartment, field, or place, open or in. closed, whether occupied by himself or not, and whether the same is so had for his own use or benefit, or for the use or benefit of another.

(7.) Articles which are public stores within the meaning of the 38 & 39 Vict.; Publio Stores Act, 1875, and are not included in the foregoing de-i25, scription, shall not be deemed to be stores issued as regimental

necessaries or otherwise within the meaning of section thirteen of that Act.

(8.) It shall be lawful for the Governor-General of India or for the legislature of any colony, on the recommendation of the governor thereof, but not otherwise, by any law or ordinance to reduce a minimum fine under this section to such amount as may to such Governor-General or legislature appear to be better adapted to the pecuniary means of the inhabitants.

Jurisdiction. Jurisdiction.

Person not to be tried twice.

Liability to military law in respect of status.

See 38 & 39 Vict. o. 69. s. 66.

Mutiny Act, U. Art. of War, 168.

Mutiny Act, 82, and see Art. of War, 28.

150. Where a person subject to military law has been acquitted or convicted of an offence by a court-martial, he shall not be liable to be tried again by a court-martial in respect of that offence.

151. Where an offence under this Act has been committed by any person while subject to military law, such person may be taken into, and kept in military custody, and tried and punished for such offence, although he, or the corps to which he belongs, has ceased § be subject to military law, in like manner as be might have be® taken into, and kept in military custody, tried or punished, if he of such corps had continued so subject:

Provided that where a person has since the commission of ® offence ceased to be subject to military law, he shall not be tried f°( such offence, except in the case of the offence of mutiny, desertion or fraudulent enlistment, unless his trial commences within tiff® months after he has ceased to be subject to military law; but g section shall not affect the jurisdiction of a civil court in the ca® of any offence triable by such court as well as by court-martial.

Where a person subject to military law is sentenced by coiff^ martial to penal servitude or imprisonment, this Act shall apply

179

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Part IV. General Provisions.)

him during the term of his sentence, notwithstanding that he is Jurisdiction. discharged or dismissed from Her Majesty's service, or has otherwise ceased to be subject to military law, and he may be kept, removed, imprisoned, and punished accordingly as if he continued to be subject to military law.

152. Any person subject to military law who within or without Liability to Her Majesty's dominions commits any offence for which he is liable

to be tried by court-martial may be tried and punished for such of commission offence at any place (either within or without Her Majesty's do- of offence, minions) which is within the jurisdiction of an officer authorised to Mutiny Act-7-convene general courts-martial, and in which the offender may for the time being be, in the same manner as if the offence had been committed where the trial by court-martial takes place, and the offender were under the command of the officer convening such court-martial.

153. No person shall be subject to any punishment or penalties

under the provisions of this Act other than those which could have j,y triai e]ge_ been inflicted if he had been tried in the place where the offence where than

was committed. Irittedf C°m"

154. A person shall not in pursuance of this Act be tried or to

punished for any offence triable by court-martial committed more military law in than three years before the date at which his trial begins, except in respect of time the case of the offence of mutiny, desertion, or fraudulent enlist- (oIlnal of

f * ' t offences

ment; but this section shall not affect the jurisdiction of a civil Mutin Act g7 court in the case of any offence triable by such court, as well as by court-martial; and where a soldier has served continuously in an exemplary manner for not less than three years in any corps of Her Majesty's regular forces he shall not be tried for any such offence of desertion (other than desertion on active service), or of fraudulent enlistment, as was committed before the commencement of such three years, but where such offence was fraudulent enlistment all service prior to such enlistment shall be forfeited, and his attestation upon his last enlistment shall be as valid as if he had not been guilty of fraudulent enlistment, and every prior attestation shall be cancelled.

155. (1.) If a person sentenced by a court-martial in pursuance Adjustment of of this Act to punishment for an offence is afterwards tried by a &tary and civil court for the same offence, that court shall, in awarding gee^ punishment, have regard to the military punishment he may have 101. " ny ° ' already undergone.

(2.) Save as aforesaid, nothing in this Act shall exempt an officer Mutiny Act, 7«. or soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law, when accused or convicted of any offence, except such an offence as is declared not to be a crime for the purpose of the provisions of this Act relating to taking a soldier out of Her Majesty's service.

(3.) If an officer — See Art. of War,

(a.) Neglects or refuses on application to deliver over to the n‘ civil magistrate any officer or soldier under his command, who is so accused or convicted as aforesaid; or

(b.) Wilfully obstructs or neglects or refuses to assist constables or other ministers of justice in apprehending any such officer or soldier,

, M 2

180

Jurisdiction.

Mutiny Act, 89.

Etidence.

Regulations as to evidence.

Mutiny Act, 48.

Mutiny Act, 87, 48.

Art. of War, 46,

Ch. 33. Army DiscvpUne and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 w I (Pa/rt IV'. General Provisions.)

such commanding officer shall, on conviction in any of Her Majesty superior courts in the United Kingdom, or in a supreme court-! India, be guilty of a misdemeanor.

I (4.) A certificate of a conviction of an officer under this tion, with the judgment of the court thereon in such form asm*, be directed by a Secretary of State, shall be transmitted to sgj Secretary of State.

(5.) Any offence committed by any such commanding office out of the United Kingdom shall for the purpose of the appreh*#. sion, trial, and punishment of the offender be deemed to have be* committed within the jurisdiction of Her Majesty's High Courts Justice in England; and such court shall have jurisdiction as if | place where the offence was committed or the offender may forth time being be were in England.

(6.) "Where a person subject to military law has been acquitted or convicted of an offence by a competent civil court, he shall m be liable to be tried in respect of that offence under this Act.

I

Evidence.

156. The following enactments shall be made with respect to] I evidence in proceedings under this Act, whether before a civil court [ or a court-martial; that is to say,

(a.) The attestation paper purporting to be signed by a person 11 on his being attested as a soldier, or the declaratm I purporting to be made by any person upon his re-engagt I ment in any of Her Majesty's regular forces, or upa 1 any enrolment in any branch of Her 'Majesty's sem#, I shall be evidence of such person having given the answn f to questions which he is therein represented as haring I given:

The enlistment of a person in Her Majesty's sari* 1 may be proved by the production of a copy of his attest* tion paper purporting to be certified to be atrnecofj I by the officer having the custody of the attestation p*p? I without proof of the handwriting of such officer, or of# I having the .custody of the paper: * I

.(6.) A letter respecting the service of any person in or the & charge of any person from any portion of Her Majesty* forces, or respecting a person not having served in01 I belonged to any portion of Her Majesty's forces if- I porting to be signed by or on behalf of a Secrete*?*' I State, or of the Commissioners of the Admiralty, or by I commanding officer of any portion of Her Majesty's fo* ft or of any of Her Majesty's ships, to which such pe*®j ft appears to have belonged, or alleges that he belongs or Pf I belonged, shall be evidence of the facts stated in letter: 11

V*(c.) Copies purporting to be printed by a government printefj' I Queen's regulations, of royal warrants, of army circa*4" I and of rules made by Her Majesty, or a Secretary of Sy I in pursuance of this Act, shaft be evidence of such re(r tions, royal warrants, army circulars, and rules:

87*

.Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. (Pa/rt IV. General Provisions.)

Ch. 33.

181

,n. An army list purporting to be published by authority, and Evidence.

' either be printed by a government printer or to be issued if in the United Kingdom, by Her Majesty's Stationery v Office, and if in India, by some office under the Governor-General of India or the Governor of any presidency in India, shall be evidence of the status and rank of the v officers therein mentioned, and of any appointment held , by such officers, and of the corps or arm or branch of the , service to which such officers belong: jftfi Any warrants or orders made in pursuance of this Act by any military authority shall be deemed to be evidence of the matters and things therein directed to be stated by or in pursuance of this Act, and any copies of such warrants or orders purporting to be certified to be true copies by the officer therein alleged to be authorised by a Secretary o of State or Commander-in-Chief to certify the same shall be admissible in evidence: tf.) Evidence of the delivery at the then last registered place of Mutiny Act, 107.

1. abode of a man enrolled in the Army Reserve of a notice . issued by the proper officer under the direction of a Secretary of State or of the delivery of a letter containing , such notice, addressed to the said place of abode, shall be ll^'evidence that such notice was brought to the knowledge of f, such man:$

A record, made in one of the regimental books in pursuance of Art. ofwar, <6, w^,the Queen's regulations, purporting to be signed by the 166,156,167' ^commanding officer or by the officer required by the said ' f regulations to make such record, shall be evidence of the facts stated by such record:

(h.) A.copy of any record in one of the said regimental books Art. of war, purporting to be certified to be a true copy by the officer 165'186,167, having the custody of such book shall be evidence of such BE^ecord:

. (i) A descriptive return within the meaning of this Act, purport- Mutiny Act, s*. ing to be signed by a justice.of the peace shall be evidence of the matters therein stated.

For, the.purposes of this Act the expression " Government 31 & 32 Vict. printer Oaeans any printer to: Her Majesty, and any printer pur- 37 s- * porting to be the printer authorised to print the Acts of State or other public, documents of the Government of India, or any presidency in India, or otherwise to be the Go"^ernment printer of India or s|ich^fjSsfdcncy.

157. Whenever any person subject to military la,w has been tried Evidence of bf any cM court; the cleik of such court, or his deputy,"or other wvfl officer having tH5^‘custody of the" records of such court, - shall, if &

iiired by the commanding officer, of such person, or by any- other Art. of war.iek °®cer, transmit tb him a . certificate setting forth the offence for ^hich the person was tried, together with' the judgment-® the thereon if he. was convicted, and the acquittal if he was ^itted, and shall be allowed for such certificate a fee of three 'Wings. Any such certificate shall he sufficient evidence of the

182

Ch. 33. Avwy jDisciplme <md Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & (.Pa/rt IV General Provisions.)

Evidence.

Evidence of conviction by court-martial. Mutiny Act, 18,

Summary and other Legal Proceedings. Prosecution of offences, and recovery and application cl fines.

Mutiny Act, 80, 81.

14 & 15 Vict. C. 90.

Summary pro* ceedings in Scotland. Mutiny Act, 90, 91.

conviction and sentence or of the acquittal of the prisoner, as case may be.

158. The original proceedings of a court-martial, purporting (. be signed by the president thereof and being in the custody of Judge Advocate General, or of the officer having the lawful custom thereof, shall be deemed to be of such a public nature as to be«X missible in evidence on their mere production from such custody and any copy thereof purporting to be certified by such Jtlfl Advocate'General or his deputy authorised in that behalf, or bytlj officer having such custody as aforesaid, to be a true copy of proceedings or of any part thereof, shall be admissible in evident without proof of the signature of such Judge Advocate, deputy, > officer; and a Secretary of State, upon production of any sod certified copy, may, by warrant under his hand, authorise the offends appearing therefrom .to have been convicted and sentenced to any punishment, to be imprisoned and otherwise dealt with in accordant with the sentence in the certified copy mentioned.

Summary and other Legal Proceedings.

159. A court of summary jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction ova all offences triable in a civil court under this Act, except any sod offence as is declared by this Act to be a misdemeanor, or to It punishable on indictment; and any offence within the jurisdicta of a court of summary jurisdiction may be prosecuted, and the fin and forfeiture in respect thereof may be recovered on summaij conviction, in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction lets

Any proceedings taken before a court of summary jurisdiction ill pursuance of this Act shall be taken in Accordance with the Summary Jurisdiction Acts so far as applicable.

A court of summary jurisdiction imposing a fine in pursuanW# this Act may, if it seem fit, order a portion of Such fine not exceedinj one half to be paid to the informer.

The court of summary jurisdiction in England and Ireland, whffl hearing and determining a case arising under this Act, shall h constituted either of two or more justices of the peace sitting some court or public place at which justices are for the time being accustomed to assemble for the purpose of holding petty sessions,* of some magistrate or officer sitting alone or with others at son* court or other place appointed for the public administration * justice and for the time being empowered by law to do alone aty act authorised to he done by more than ohe justice of the peace.

Subject to the provisions of this Act with regard to the paying to the informer, fines and other sums recovered before a court® summary jurisdiction in pursuance of this Act shall, notwithstandi# anything contained in any other Act, if recovered in England,!* | paid into the Exchequer, and if recovered in Ireland, shall be appl*6® in manner directed by the Fines Act (Ireland), I85l, and any A®*8 amending the same.

160. (1.) In Scotland, offences and foies which may be proseeti® and recovered oh summary conviction may be prosecuted and & covered and proceedings under this Act may be taken at the install

183

187$; ' Arm/y Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ch. 33.

(Pa/rt IV. General Provisions.)

of to procurator fiscal of the court, or of any person in that behalf authorised by a Secretary of State or the Command er-in-Chief, or Proceedings, of any person authorised by this Act to complain.

(2.) All fines under this Act in default of payment, and all orders made under this Act failing compliance, may be enforced by im-prisonment for a term to be specified in the order or conviction, but not ftreOftding three months, and the conviction and warrant may be in the form number three of Schedule K. of the Summary 27 & 28 Vict. Procedure Act, 1864. i j'A g58,

All fines and other sums recovered under this Act before a court of summary jurisdiction, subject to any payment made to the informer, toll be paid to the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, on behalf of Her Majesty.

(8.) It shall be no objection to the competency of a person to give evidence as a witness in any prosecution for offences under this Act, that such prosecution is brought at the instance of such person.

(4) Every person convicted of an offence under this Act shall be liable in thb reasonable costs and charges of such conviction.

(Si) All jurisdictions, powers, and authorities necessary for the purposes of this Act are conferred on the sheriffs and their substitutes and on justices of the peace.

M0;) .The; court may make, and may also from time to time alter or vary,.summary orders under this Act on petition by the procurator fiscal Of the court, or such person as aforesaid, presented in common form..

161. 'All offences under this Act which may be prosecuted, and Summarjrpro-all finis under this Act which may be recovered on summary con-

fiction, and all proceedings under this Act which may be taken nel Islands, ' before ftcouvt of summary jurisdiction, may be prosecuted and India, and the recovered and taken in the Isle of Man, Channel Islands, India, and colonies* any Colony in such courts and in such manner as may be from time Mutiny Act' to time;jbrovided therein by law, or if no express provision is made, then in and before the courts and in the manner in which the like offences and fines may be prosecuted and recovered and proceedings taken therein by law, or as near thereto as circumstances admit.

162. It shall be lawful for the Governor-General of India, and Power of Go-fei the legislature of any colony, to provide by law for reducing any v«_nor-General fine directed by this Act to be- recovered on summary conviction to wgiature'of such1 amount as may appear to the Governor-General or legislature colony as

to be better adapted to the pecuniary means of the inhabitants, and tofines‘

o to declare the amount of the local currency which is to be Mutiny Act*85, deemed for the purposes of this Act to be equivalent to any sum of tfritish currency mentioned in this Act.

163. Any action, prosecution, or proceeding against any person Protection of % any act done in pursuance or execution or intended Execution

this Act, or . in respect of any alleged neglect or default in the * g9 Execution of this Act, shall not lie or be instituted unless it is uiny commenced within twelve months next after the act, neglect, or default complained of, or, in case of a continuance of injury or damage, within twelve months next after the ceasing thereof

hi any such action tender of amends before the action was commenced may, in lieu of or in addition to any other plea, be pleaded.

184

Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yICf (Part IV. General Provisions.)

Summary and if the action was commenced after such tender, or is proceeded I PtZeMts payment into court of any money in satisfaction of the

plaintiffs claim, and the plaintiff does not recover more than th sum tendered or paid, he shall not recover any costs incurred affo such tender or payment, and the defendants shall be entitled costs, to be taxed as between solicitor and client, as from the time of such lender or payment; but this provision shall not affect costs on any injunction in the action.

Every such action, and also every action against a member or minister of a court-martial in respect of a sentence of such court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought in one of Her Majesty's superior courts in the United Kingdom (which courts shall have jurisdiction to try the same wherever the matter complained of occurred) or in a supreme court in India, or in any colonial court of superior jurisdiction, provided I the matter complained of occurred within the jurisdiction of such I Colonial court, and in no other court whatsoever.

Miscellaneous. Miscellaneous.

Exercise of 164. Any power or jurisdiction given to, and any act or thing ?nholdCTof he done by, to, or before any person holding any military office military office, may be exercised by, or done by, to, or before any other person foi the time being authorised in that behalf according to the custom of the service.

Provisions as 165. (1.) Where any order is authorised by this Act to he made to warrants by the Commander-in-Chief, or the Adjutant-General, or by the of mMtary Commander-in-Chief or Adjutant-General of the forces in India ot

authorities. in any presidency in India, or by any general or other officer commanding, such order may be signified by an order, instruction, ot letter under the hand of any officer authorised to issue orders on behalf of such Commander-in-Chief, Adjutant-General, or general ot other officer commanding, and an order, instruction, or letter purporting to be signed by any officer appearing therein to be so authorised shall be evidence of his being so authorised.

(2.) An order issued in pursuance of this Act, in relation to a military convict or military prisoner shall not be held void by reason of the death or removal from office of the officer issuing the same, or by reason of any defect in such order, if it be alleged in such order that the convict or prisoner has been convicted, and there is a good and valid conviction to sustain the order.

(3.) An order in any case if issued in the prescribed form shall be valid, but an order deviating from the prescribed form if otherwise valid shall not be rendered invalid by reason only of such deviation.

(4.) Where any military convict or military prisoner is for the

time being in custody, whether military or civil, in any place or manner in which he might legally be kept in pursuance of this Act, the custody of such convict or prisoner shall not be deemed to he illegal only by reason of any informality or error in or as respects the order, warrant, or other document, or the authority by or ® pursuance whereof such convict or prisoner was brought into or is

185

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1870. Ch. 33.

(Part IV. General Provisions.)

detained in such custody, and any such order, warrant, or document, Miscellaneous. may he amended accordingly.

166. If any soldier on furlough is detained by sickness or other Furlough casualty rendering necessary any extension of such furlough in any g"c^®gof place, and there is not any officer in the performance of military ' duty of the rank of captain, or of higher rank, within convenient ofyWgrs distance of the place, any justice of the peace who is satisfied of

such necessity may grant an extension of furlough for a period not exceeding one month; and the said justice shall by letter immediately certify such extension and the cause thereof to the commanding officer of such soldier, if known, and if not, then to a Secretary of State. The soldier may be recalled to duty by his commanding officer or other competent military authority, and the furlough shall not be deemed to be extended after such recall, but, save as aforesaid, the soldier shall not in respect of the period of such extension of furlough be liable to be treated as a deserter, or as absent without leave.

167. When a person holds a canteen under the authority of a Licenses of Secretary of State, it shall be lawful for any two justices within canteens-their respective jurisdictions to grant, transfer, or renew any license

for the time being required to enable such person to obtain or hold any excise license for the sale of any intoxicating liquor, without regard to the time of year, and without regard to the requirements as to notices, certificates, or otherwise, of any Acts for the time being in force affecting such licenses; and excise licenses may be granted to such person accordingly.

For the purposes of this section the expression license includes any license or certificate for the time being required by law to be granted, renewed, or transferred by any justices of the peace, in order to enable any person to obtain or hold any excise license for the.sale of any intoxicating liquor.

PAKT Y.

Application of Military Law, Saying Provisions, and Definitions.

Persons subject to Military Law. Persons subject

168. The persons in this section mentioned are persons subject Lam.

to military law as officers, and this Act shall apply accordingly to Persons subject all the persons so specified; that is to say, to military law

(1.) Officers of the regular forces on full pay, and, if not otherwise M officers' subject to military law, officers of the staff of the army, Mutiny Act, 2. and officers employed on military service under the orders of an officer of the regular forces:$

(2.) Officers who are members of the permanent staffs of any of Mutiny(^t 2 the auxiliary forces, and are not otherwise subject to and see 5. military law:$

(3.) Officers of the militia other than members of the permanent MutmyAct, a>

staff : and see 5.

(4.) All such persons not otherwise subject to military law as Mutiny Act, 4 may be serving in the position of officers of any troops or Art. of War, 190.

Ch. 33. Army Dis&jplme and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vic* (Part V. Application, Sawing Provisions, and, Definitions.) '

serving under the command of an officer of the regulgj forces:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect tie application to such persons of any Act passed by the legislature of a colony:

this Act subject to military law, or when their corps is os actual military service:

when with his own consent he is attached to or doing duty with any body of troops for the time being subject to military law, whether of the regular or auxiliary forces or, with his own consent, is ordered on duty by the military authorities:

under the general or special orders of a Secretary of State or of the Governor-General of India accompanies in an official capacity any of Her Majesty's troops on active service in any place beyond the seas, subject to this qualification, that where such person is a native of India within the meaning of Turban military law, he shall be subject to that law as an officer:

(8.) Any person, not otherwise subject to military law, accompanying a force on active service who shall hold from the commanding officer of such force a pass revocable at the pleasure of such commanding officer entitling such person to be treated on the footing of an officer.

(2.) All non-commissioned officers and men of the permanent staff of any of the auxiliary forces who are not otherwise subject to military law:

(3.) All non-commissioned officers and men serving in a force raised by order of Her Majesty beyond the limits of the United Kingdom and of India, and serving under the command of an officer of the regular forces:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect the application to such non-commissioned officers and men of any Act passed by the legislature of a colony:

employed in military service under the orders of an officer of the regular forces r

(a.) When called out for training and exercise; and

Persons subject to Military Lam.

portion of troops raised by order of Her Majesty beyond the limits of the United Kingdom and of India, and

See Mutiny Act,

5.

(5.) Officers of the yeomanry, and officers of the volunteers, when, ever in actual command of men who are in pursuance of

Mutiny Act, 2, and sees.

(8.) Any officer of the yeomanry or volunteers, whether in receipt of pay or otherwise, during and in respect of the tine

Mutiny Act, e. (7.) Every person not otherwise subject to military law who

Persons subject

to military law as soldiers.

tomditary kw* 169. The persons in this section mentioned are persons subject as soldiers. to military law as soldiers, and this Act shall apply accordingly to

all the persons so specified; that is to say, MndnyAo^k (1.) All soldiers of the regular forces:

Mutiny Act, a (4.) All pensioners not otherwise subject to military law who are

Mutiny Vet, 2, ,/5.) All non-commissioned officers and men belonging to the army

and see s. reserve force or the militia reserve force, —

. Army Disoifilms and Regulation Ad, 1879. Os. 33. W^O/li Vi Application, Saving Provisions, and Definitions.)

t (b.) When kept on duty having volunteered their services; and

; !" (&) When called out for duty in aid of the civil power; and

(d.) When called out on permanent service under Her Majesty's proclamation:

/a) AA non-commissioned officers and men in the militia, —

I---, (us) During their preliminary training; and lb.) When they or their corps are being trained or exercised either alone or with any portion of the regular forces or otherwise; and (d.) When they are attached to or otherwise acting as part of or with any regular forces; and ''' (<&) When their corps is embodied: n) All ' non-commissioned officers and men belonging to the ‘-yeomanry force, —

</(#*) When they or their corps are being trained or exercised, either alone or with any portion of regular forces or with any portion of the militia when subject to military law; and !? ' (b.) When they are attached to or otherwise acting as - part of or with any regular forces; and * ‘(C») When their corps is on actual military service: ic (d.) When serving in aid of the civil power:

' All Abh-eommissioned officers and men belonging to the

>t° Volunteer forces, —

''(&) When they are being trained or exercised with any portion Of the regular forces or with any portion ' 'Of the militia when subject to military law; and il '(b.) When they are attached to or otherwise acting as part of or with any regular forces I and -*'(d.) When their corps is on actual military service: Provided that it shall be the duty of the commanding officer of any volunteer fbrbe, except when on actual military service, to obtain the consent of every non-commiSBioned officer and man belonging to sttch force before Sttch non-commissioned officer or man shall enter on any Service in which he shall be subject to military law.

187

Persons subject to Military Lain.

m

38 & 39 Vict. c. 69. 88.66,67.

Mutiny Act, 2, and see 6.

(7.)

H Geo. 3. c. 64. 8.23.

See Mutiny Act, 6.

(8.)

26 & 27 vict. c. 65. 8.23.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 86. 8. 9.

See Mutiny Act, 6.

(9.) All persons who are employed by or are in the service of o.y any of Her Majesty's troops when employed on active MutinyAof»8-service beyond the seas, and who are not under the former provisions of this Act subject to military law; and (10.) All persons not Otherwise subject to military law who are Mul)^1^li) followers of or accompany Her Majesty's troops, or any portion. thereof, when employed on active service beyond the seas * subject to this qualification, that where any such persons are employed by or are followers of or accompany any portion Of Her Majesty's forces consisting partly of Her Majesty's Indian forces Subject to Indian^ military law, and such persons are natives of India within the meaning of Indian military law, they shall be subject to that law.

Ch,

Marine Mutiny Act,l.

. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yICj (P<M V. Application, Saving Provisions, and Definitions) '

Persons subject YJQ, When officers, non-commissioned officers, and men belonging to io W auxiliary forces are subject to military Jaw in pursuance

Mutual reia- this Act, such officers and men shall be subject to this Act in all I tiona of regular respects as if they were part of the regular forces, and the provi. I audikryd ^ions of this Act shall be construed as if such officers and men wei« I forcCg. J included in the expression "‘regular forces "Provided that nothin# see Mutiny Act, in this section contained shall affect the conditions of service of any Art." of War, 151. officer, non-commissioned officer, or man belonging to such auxiliary forces. '

Modification 171. In the application of this Act to Her Majesty's Royal respect to^ Marines, the following modifications shall be made:

Royal Marines. (!) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice any power of the Ad-1 miralty to make Articles of War for the Royal Marines or otherwise:prejudice the authority of the Admiralty over the Royal Marines or confer on any officers who are not officers of the Royal Marines any greater authority to command the Royal Marines than they have heretofore used; and a general court-martial for the trial of an officer or man in the Royal Marines shall not be convened except by an officer authorised by a warrant from the Admiralty in pursuance of this section, and except that where such

officer or man while subject to this Act is serving beyond the seas with any other portion of the regular forces, and in the. opinion of the general or other officer commanding those .forces (such opinion to be stated in the order convening the court and to be conclusive) there is not present any officer authorised by warrant from the Admiralty to convene a general court-martial, a general court-martial convened by such general or other officer, if authorised to convene general courts-martial, may try such officer or man.

A district court-martial for the trial of a non-commissioned officer or naan in the Royal Marines may be convened by any officer having authority to convene a district court-martial for the trial of any non-commissioned officer or soldier of any other portion of the regular forces.

(2.) Any power in relation to the convening of courts-martial, or of authorising an officer to convene courts-martial, or to delegate the powers of convening courts-martial, or of confirming the findings and sentence? of courts-martial, or

-otherwise in relation to courts-martial, which under this Act Her Majesty may exercise by any warrant or warrants, may be exercised in Her Majesty's name by a warrant or warrants from the Admiralty; and any such warrant may be addressed to any officer to whom any warrant of Her Majesty can be addressed.

Any power vested by this Act-In Her Majesty in rela*

. tibn to the confirmation of the findings and sentences of iiV' courts-martial, or otherwise in relation to courts-martial,

, , may be exercised by the Admiralty.

(3.) Anything required or authorised by this Act to be done PfTpy, to, or before a Secretary of State, ther Commander-in-

Marine Mutiny Act, 15.

(2.)

Marine Mutiny Act, 8.

189

Igy9. Army Riscvpline and Regulation Ad, 1879. Ch. 33.

(pa/rt V. Application, Sawing Provisions, and Dejvmtions.)

Chief, Adjutant-General, or Judge Advocate General, Persons subject may, ;as regards the Royal Marines, be done by, to, or to Military before the Admiralty; and the provisions of this Act shall be construed, so far as respects the Royal Marines, as if' " the Admiralty " were substituted for " Secretary of State," " Commander-in-Chief," " Adjutant-General," and "Judge Advocate General," wherever those words > occur.

(4)' Anything required or authorised by this Act to be done by, iv,;-,:-, to, or before the Commander-in-Chief of the Forces in

India, or of any presidency in India, or the general or

i other officer commanding the forces in any colony or

i ^elsewhere, may, as regards the Royal Marines, be done by, to, or before such officer as the Admiralty may by warrant from time to time appoint in that behalf, and if : no such appointment is made, by such Commander-in-Chief or general or other officer, t (5.);-Anything authorised by this Act to be done by Royal i'i( warrant may be done, as regards the Royal Marines, by warrant; of the Admiralty, and the provisions of this Act with respect to Royal warrants printed by the Government ^printer shall apply to any warrants of the Admiralty vender this Act.

. Anything authorised to be done by the deputy of the Judge rrAdvocate General may be done by any one of the Com-j^ffiiSsioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral, or by a secretary of the Admiralty.

Nothing in the provisions of this Act relating to the term ! ofi dnlistment, to the conditions of service, to appointment c. 63. i i br transfer, to transfer to the reserve, to the re-engage-lament or prolongation of service of a soldier of the regular > a forces, or to forfeiture of service, Or to the rules for : reckoning service for discharge or-transfer to the reserve, shall apply to the Royal Marines.

A marine on his re-engagement shall make a declaration Marine Mutiny . : either before a justice of the peace or person having under Act'67, >ch-this Act the same authority as a justice of - the peace for ;:i the purposes -.'of enlistment, of before a naval officer ^commanding any ship commissioned by Her Majesty, or before the commanding officer of any battalion or detach3iinent of Royal Marines in the form from time t6 time : \ directed by the Admiralty.

A man. in. the Royal Marines shall forfeit his service Mar. Art. of War, for fraudulent enlistment and absence without leave in 148‘ j? like fnanner as he forfeits it for desertion under the Acts relating to the Royal Marines.

(8.).; Officers and men of the Royal Marines, during the time that Marine(^utiny they are borne on the books of any ship commissioned Act,?, by Her Majesty, shall be subject to the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, and to the daws for the government of officers and seamen ih the Royal Navy, and .to the rules for the a discipline; of ;the Royalt Navy fori the time being, and shall

100

Off. 38. Amy Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 (Part F Application', Saving Provisions, and Definitions)

Persons subject to Military Law,

See Marine Mutiny Act, 85.

Marine Mutiny Act,"7.

(9 and 10.) Marine Mutiny Act, 7.

See 29 & 80 Vict. o. 109. s. 88.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 109.

29 & 80 Vict. c. 109.

Modification of Act with respect to Her Majesty's Inman forces-

Mutiny Act, L Marine Mutiny Act, 14

be tried and punished for any offence in the same maun® as officers and seamen in the Royal Navy:

Provided that —

. (a.) The last-mentioned provision shall not prevent the

application of this Apt to any person dealing with or having any relations with any such officer or man of the Royal Marines or to any such officer or man if found on shore as a deserter or absentee without leave) and (b.) If any such officers or men of the Royal Marines are employed on land, the senior naval officer present; shall, unless such officers and men are serving with seamen under the immediate command of a naval officer on shorn, order that, they shall, during such employment, he subject to this Act, and while such order is in force they shall he subject to this Act accordingly.

(9.) If any officer or man of the Royal Marines who is borne on the books of any ship commissioned by Her Majesty commits an offence for which he is not amenable to a naval court-martial, but for which he can be punished under this Act, he may be tried and punished for such offence under this Act.

(lQ.) The Admiralty may direct that an officer or man of the Royal Marines may be tried under this Act for any offence , | committed by him on shore, whether he be or he not amenable to a naval court-martial for such offence, or be or be not borne on the books of any ship commissioned by Her Majesty.

(11.) Where any officer or man of the Royal Marines is on board any ship commissioned by Her Majesty, but is borne on the books thereof for service on shore, he shall be subject to the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, to such extent and under such regulations as Bor Majesty by Order in Council from time to time directs, and so far as she does not so direct as is for the time being'directed by Order in Council ‘ with respect to the other regular forces.

(12.) Any naval prison within the meaning of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, shall be deemed to be included in the definition of a public prison for. the purposes of this Act, and the Admiralty shall not have any authority to establish any military prison under this Act.

(13.) In this section the expression " Admiralty " means the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the office of the Lord High Admiral for the time being or any two of them,

172. In the application of this Act to Her Majesty's Indian forces, the following modifications shall he made:

(1.) Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the Indian military law respecting officers or soldiers or followers in Her Majesty's Indian forces, being natives of India within the meaning of such law; and on the trial of all offences . committed by any such native officer, soldier, or follower, reference shall he had to the Indian military law for such

191

yjA Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. . Ch. 33,

0,jig/rt V, Application, Sawing Provisions, and Definitions!)

native officers, soldiers, or followers, and to the established Peraonsmiyeet usages of the service, but courts-martial for such trials Law<ry may be convened in pursuance of this Act. fox the purposes of this Act the expression " Indian , military law " means the Articles of War or other matters made, enacted, or in force, or which may hereafter be , made, enacted, or in force, under the authority of the I!,(Government of India; and such articles or other matters shall extend to such native officers, soldiers, and followers ^.wherever they are serving. ;

(2,); The Governor of any presidency in India may suspend the Mutiny iLt, ioo. ' ^.proceedings of any court-martial held in India on an; officer of soldier belonging to Her Majesty's Indian forces within such presidency,

(3,) An officer belonging to Her Majesty's Indian forces who Mutiny alt, ioo.

‘ i. thinks himself wronged by his commanding officer, and on due application made to him does not. receive the redress to which he may consider himself entitled, may , complain to the Gommander-in-Chief in the presidency to . . which such officer belongs, who shall cause his complaint .. ^to. be inquired into, and thereupon report to the Governor of such presidency in order to receive the further directions > of that Governor.

(4) A court-martial may sentence an officer of the Indian staff m qprps to, forfeit all or any part of his army or staff service,

, or all or any part of both.

*).. TJie governor of any of the presidencies .in India may Art. of ^war-128 reduce any warrant officer not holding an honorary com-jjs^jpiission who is serving in. or-belonging to such presidency to a . lower grade of warrant rank, ox may remand any [f&puch warrant officer to regimental duty in the rank held by him immediately previous to his appointment to be a; warrant officer.

(0.) The provisions of this Act relating to warrant officers not of 128 holding honorary commissions shall apply to hospital B^marentioes in India although not appointed by warrant.

(7.) Part Two of this Act shall not apply to Her Majesty's Indian M ur forces, but persons may be enlisted and attested in India */. j for i medical service , or for other special service in Her Majesty's Indian forces for such periods by such persons and in Ouch manner as may(be from time to time authorised by the Governor-General of India.

In this Act, so far as regards India, any reference to an indictable offence, or an offence punishable on indictment, shall be deemed to refer to an offence punishable with rigorous imprisonment.

173. (1.) The provisions of this Act with respect to enlistment shall not apply to a person enlisted or enrolled in any of Her regPect to Majesty's auxiliary forces, except so far as such person enlists or auxiliary attempts to enlist in the regular forces.

(2.) The provisions of this Act shall apply to the permanent staff Muti"y Act> soothe auxiliary forces and to pensioners who. are not otherwise Mutiny Act, 2, es,

78*

192 Ch. 33. Army Risciplim and Regulation Ad, 1879. 42 &43VI(J I (Part V. Application, Saving Provisions, and Dejimtio

Persons subject subject to military law as being part of the regular forces, in li^ to LawtaTy manner 88 if such permanent staff and pensioners were part of I regular forces.

(«.) (31) The provisions of this Act with respect to billeting anj I

Mutiny Act, a impressment of carriages shall apply to Her Majesty's auxiliary

forces when subject to military law, in like manner as if they were I part of the regular forces, subject to the following modification: j An order issued and signed as a route or an order signed by the I officer commanding the corps of militia, yeomanry, or volunteer I shall be substituted for a route, —

89 Vl0t> (a.) In the case of any militiaman attending at the head quarters I of the corps in which he has enlisted, for his preliminary training; and

(b.) In the case of any officer, non-commissioned officer, or man, I of the militia, assembled for training and exercise at the I place in the United Kingdom appointed by Her Majesty I in that behalf; and (&). In the case of any officer, non-commissioned officer, or man,

of a corps of militia, embodied under an order of Ha I Majesty, who has joined the corps at the place appointed * for the assembling of such corps;

(d.) In the case of any officer, non-commissioned officer, or man, of the yeomanry, or volunteers attending at the place at I which his corps is required to assemble; and an order to billet such officer, non-commissioned officer, or man, purporting to be signed in manner required by this Act in the case of a route or by the officer commanding a corps of* militia, yeomanry, or volunteers, as the case may be, shall be evidence, until the contrary is proved, of the order being issued in accordance with this Act, and when delivered to an officer, non-commissioned officer, or man of the militia, yeomanry, or volunteers, shall be a sufficient authority to such officer, non-commissioned officer, or man, to demand billets, and when produced by an officer, non-commissioned officer, or man to a constable shall be conclusive evidence to such constable of the authority of the officer, non-commission®! officer, or man producing the same to demand billets in accordance with the order.

Mutiny Act,«. (4.) The competence or liability of an officer of the auxiliary

forces to be nominated or elected to, or to hold the office of sheriff, mayor, or alderman, or an office in a municipal corporation, shall not be affected by reason of the corps to which he belongs being assembled for annual training at the time bf such nomination election, or during the time of his tenure'ofoffiee.

03 (5;) "When a member of the Volunteers, being a non-commissioned officer or. private, is subject to military law, dismissal may awarded to him as a punishment, in the event of hist committing any offence triable: by court-martial or by a commanding office1 tinder this Act. *

174. In the application of this Act to a warrant officer not warrant holding an honorary commission the following modifications shall officere. be made:

Array Disdpli/ne and Regulation Act, 1879.; Ch. 33.

* (pari ApUcation, Saving Provisions, and Deft/nitwns.')

(1.) He shall not be punished by his commanding officer nor : tried by regimental court-martial, nor sentenced by a district court-martial to any punishment not in the section .: mentioned; and (2.) He shall not be liable to corporal punishment; and /g\ Without prejudice to any other power of a court-martial, he may be sentenced by a court-martial other than a regi- mental court-martial to be dismissed from the service or to be suspended from rank, and pay, and allowances, or , any of them, for any period stated by the court-martial, or to be reduced to. the bottom or any other place in the list of the rank which he holds, or to be reduced to an n inferior class of warrant officer (if any), or if he was aboriginally enlisted as a soldier and transferred to serve as a warrant officer, but not otherwise, to be reduced to the . ranks or to be transferred to a corps in the same arm or branch of the service and in the same rank as that in which he served immediately before his transfer to be warrant officer; provided that a warrant officer so reduced to the ranks shall not be required to serve in the ranks as agoldier; and

(4)' ;The .president of a court-martial for the trial of a warrant officer shall not be under the rank of a field officer unless , 'the'officer convening the court is under the degree of field . officer, or unless, in the opinion of the officer convening the court, such opinion to be expressed in the order con-RMvening the Court, and to be conclusive, a field officer is . not* with due regard to the public service, available, but ^; i such ^president shall in no case be under the rank of & |ieaptain.

175. In the- application of this Act to a non-commissioned officer the Mowing modifications shall apply:

(1^. TheH obligation oh a commanding officer to deal summarily with a spldier charged with drunkenness shall not apply to a SSph-commissioned officer charged with drunkenness: Th^dommander -in-Chief, and in India the Commander-in-Chief of the .forces in India, and also the Commander-in-Chief of the forces in any presidency in India, may reduce any non-commissioned officer to any lower grade or to the lw[ ranks:

$) A npftrAommissioned officer may be reduced by the sentence of a -court-martial to any lower grade or to the ranks, either in addition to ..or without any other punishment, , in respect of an offence:

I ) A non-commissioned officer shall be sentenced to be reduced m to the ranks before being sentenced to penal servitude or d imprisonment, provided that, —

v ) An army schoolmaster shall not be liable to be reduced to (2v the ranks ;.bU|/.;

'1 the, Commander-in-Chief, and in India the Gommander-in-r*r H of the forces in India, and also thee,G6mmauder-Price 2d.] N

193

Persons subject to Military Law.

Art. of War, 114.

Special provisions as to noncommissioned officer.

Art. of War, 187.

Mutiny Act, 17.

Art. of War, 187.

194

Ch. 33. Ai'niy Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 y (Part V. Application, Raving Provisions, and Definiti

Persons subject in-Chief of the forces of any presidency in India.

to*La,itary dismiss an army schoolmaster. Ji

SpeciaiTrovi- 176* In.^e application of this Act to persons who do notbek sions as to ap- to Her Majesty's forces, the following modifications shall be implication of Act (1.) Where an offence has been committed by any person suL

belonging to military law who does not belong to Her Majesty's W Her Majesty's such person may be tried by any description of court-martial otk forces. than a regimental court-martial, convened by an officer authors

to convene such description of court-martial, within the limits whose command the offender may for the time being be, and % be tried and on conviction dealt with and punished accordingly, (2,) Any person subject to military law who does not belo^ to Her Majesty's forces shall, for the purposes of this Act relate to offences, be deemed to be under the command of the command.

Special provisions as to reserve man. Mutiny Act, 107.

ing officer of the corps (if any) to which he is attached, and if 1* is not attached to any corps, under the command of any offitj who. may for the time being be named as his commanding oI« by the general or other officer commanding the force with wliA such person may for the time being be, or of any other prescribe! officer, or if no such officer is named or prescribed, under the» mand of the said general or other officer commanding, but sni person shall not be liable to be punished by a commanding offim or by a regimental court-martial.

Provided that a general or other officer commanding shall ml place a person under the command of an officer of rank inferiorli the official rank of such person if there is present at the place wk such person is any officer of higher rank under whose commandk can be placed.

177. Where a man who is enrolled in or has entered the an) reserve force commits any of the following offences; that is to si)',

(1.) Absents himself without reasonable cause on two consecofe occasions from the place at which he is duly ordered tok present for the receipt of pay; or

(2.) Being present at any place for the receipt of pay threatening or insulting language or behaves in an11 subordinate manner to the person appointed to pay Pi or

(3.) Fails to comply with the regulations of a Secretary of SW for the government of the army reserve force, .

he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to be imprisoned hard labour for a term not exceeding three months, or, at * discretion of the Commander-in-Chief or Adjutant-General, or W officer having jurisdiction to convene general and district cot®* martial in the place in which the offender may for the time b* be, shall be liable to be taken into military custody and to be y by general or district court-martial as a person subject to ttjbl law and under the command of the last-mentioned officer, a®' conviction by court-martial shall be liable to imprisonment or1 less punishment as is in this Act mentioned.

A certificate from an officer appointed to pay a man in the reserve force that such man has absented himself from the pP8: which he was duly ordered to be present for the receipt of8,1

195

Day, shall be evidence that such man absented himself from the Persons subject

S/d place.. ' "S*"

Where a man who is enrolled in or has entered the army reserve Arf of Var 167 force has illegally absented himself from his duty, a court of inquiry under this Act may be held after the expiration of twenty-one days after the date at which he so absented himself, notwithstanding that the period during which he was subject to military law is less than twenty-one days, or has expired before the expiration of twenty-one days.

178, All jurisdiction and powers of a Secretary of State under Special provi-this Act with respect to military convicts or military prisoners, or to prisons other than military prisons, shall in Ireland be vested in prig0ns in the General Prisons Board, and shall be exercised by that board in Ireland, the manner and-subject to the regulations in and under which the 40 &41 Vict. jurisdiction and powers of that board are exercised under the 49-General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877, and the provisions of this Act with respect to the orders and regulations of the Secretary of State shall apply to the orders and regulations of such board.

Saving Provisions. _ Saving

Provisions.

179. Nothing in this Act shall affect the application of the Naval saving of Discipline Act, 1860, or any Order in Council made thereunder, to 29&30 Vict. any of Her Majesty's forces when embarked on board any ship com- forces when8 missioned by Her Majesty, and the auxiliary forces shall be deemed on board Her to be part of Her Majesty's forces within the meaning of that Act. Majesty's ships.

See Art. of War, 191.

Defimt'bons. Definitions.

180. This Act shall apply to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Application of

Man in like manner as if they were part of the United Kingdom, ^ct Channel subject to the following modifications: isieofMan.

(1.) The provisions of this Act relating to billeting and the impressment of carriages shall not extend to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man:$

(2.) For the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to the execution of sentences of penal servitude or imprisonment, and to prisons, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man shall be deemed to be colonies:

(3.) For the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to the auxiliary forces the Channel Islands shall be deemed to be colonies:

(4) For the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to the militia the Isle of Man shall be deemed to be a colony.

181. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the following Interpretation Sessions have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to °fterms-Vttatistosay,

"he expression " Secretary of State " means one of Her Majesty's

Principal Secretaries of State:$

"he expression " Lord Lieutenant of Ireland " includes the lords justices or other chief governor or governors of Ireland:$

N 2 .

196

Definitions.

Mutiny Act, 102. Art. or War 188.

80 & 81 Vict. c. 110.

80 & 81 Vict. c. 111.

The expression " Commander-in-Chief" means the field marshal or other officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's forces i the time being:

The expression " officer " means an officer commissioned or in pay J as an officer in Her Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces, or any arm, branch, or part thereof; it also includes a person who, by virtue of his commission, is appointed to any department or corps of Her Majesty's regular, reserve, or auxiliary forces, or of any arm, branch, or part thereof; it also* includes a person, whether retired or not, who, by virtue of his commission ! or otherwise, is legally entitled to the style and rank of an officer of Her Majesty's said forces, or of any arm, branch, or part thereof:

Warrant and other officers holding honorary commissions an I officers within the meaning of this Act, subject to the exceptions in this Act mentioned:

The expression "non-commissioned officer" includes an acting non-commissioned officer, and includes a warrant officer not holding an honorary commission, and also includes an army schoolmaster:

The expression "soldier" does not include an officer as defined by this Act, but, with the modifications in this Act contained in relation to warrant officers and non-commissioned officers, does include a warrant officer not having an honorary commission and a non-commissioned officer, and every person subject to j military law during the time that he is so subject:

The expression " superior officer," when used in relation to» soldier, includes a non-commissioned officer as above defined: The expressions " regular forces " and " Her Majesty's regular forces " mean officers and soldiers who by their commission, j terms of enlistment, or otherwise, are liable to render con- j tinuously for a term military service to Her Majesty in any part of the world, including, subject to the modifications in j this Act mentioned, the Royal Marines and Her Majesty's Indian forces, and subject to this qualification that when the reserve forces are subject to military law at the times specified in this Act such forces become during the period of their being so subject part of the regular forces:

The expression " reserve forces " means the army reserve force and the militia reserve force:

The expression " the army reserve force " means the reserve force established under the Reserve Force Act, 1867, and any Ad amending the same:

The expression " the militia reserve force " means the men enlisted from time to time under the Militia Reserve Act, 1867, any Act amending the same:$

The expression " auxiliary forces " means the militia, the yeoman^ and the volunteers:

The expression " militia " includes general and local militia:

The expression " volunteers " includes the Honourable ArtilW Company of London:

197

>>

(/ - tt

e^Pression corPs means> —

! In the case of Her Majesty's regular forces,

(a.) As respects cavalry, a regiment; and (b.) As respects artillery, a regiment and (c.) As respects engineers, a corps; and (d.) As respects infantry, a territorial brigade consisting of two or more battalions, associated by general order or Royal warrant for the purpose of enlistment and service, exclusive of the auxiliary forces belonging to such brigade, but inclusive of such portion of the permanent staff of those auxiliary forces as consists of officers or soldiers of the regular forces; and also means a regiment not included in a territorial brigade; and (e) Means the Royal Marine forces, in this Act referred to as the Royal Marines; and also (/) Means the Army Service Corps, the Army Hospital Corps, and any other portion of Her Majesty's regular forces, by whatever name called, which is declared by Royal warrant to be a corps for the purposes of this Act; and also (g.) Means any other portion of Her Majesty's regular forces employed on any service and not attached to any corps as above defined; and (2.) Id. the case of Her Majesty's auxiliary forces means —

(a.) A regiment of militia;

(b.) A regiment of yeomanry cavalry ;

(c.) A corps of volunteers; and

(d.) Means any other portion of Her Majesty's auxiliary forces employed in any service, and not attached to any corps as above defined-:

The expression " regimental " means connected with a corps, or with any battalion or other subdivision of a corps:$

The expression " military decoration " means any medal, clasp, good-conduct badge, or decoration:$

The expression 1 military reward " means any gratuity or annuity for long service or good conduct; it also includes any good-conduct pay or pension and any other military pecuniary reward:

The

expression " enemy " includes all armed mutineers, armed

rebels, armed rioters, and pirates Mg expression " on active service " as applied to a person subject military law means whenever he is attached to or forms part ?f a force which is engaged in operations against the enemy or 18 engaged in military operations in a country or place wholly , 0r partly occupied by an enemy, or is in military occupation of j,any foreign country:

86 expression " India '' means any territories the government of is vested in Her Majesty by or in pursuance of the Act 0 the session of the twenty-first and twenty-second years of

Definitions. Mutiny Act, 103. Ait. of War, 188.

198

Definitions.

Mutiny Act, 96. Art. oi War, 152, 153.

the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and & intituled "An Act for the better government ofIndia/'J the Acts amending the same, and also any territories in W j under the dominion of any native prince or princes i The expression "native of India within the meaning of Indian " military law " means a person triable and punishable un^ that, law:

: The expression "colony" means for the purposes of this Ad . Cyprus aDd any part of Her Majesty's dominions, exclusive^ the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of and India, and all territories and places being part of Ha Majesty's dominions, which are under one legislature shall j* I deemed for the purposes of this Act to constitute one colony; and where there are local legislatures as well as a centra] legislature the expression "legislature " means the cental j legislature only;

The expression "foreign country ", means any place which is not; situate in the United Kingdom, a colony, or India, as above I; defined:$

:The expression "beyond the seas" means out of the United I Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and Isle of Man; and the ex-. pression " station beyond the seas " includes any place wke any of Her Majesty's forces are serving out" of the United Kingdom, the; Channel Islands, and Isle of Man:

The expression "governqr general.',' in its application to Inda means the Govet nor-General of India in Council:

The expression " governor " as respects " the presidency of Bengal' means the Governor-General or India in Council, and as . .respects the presidencies of Madras and Bombay t means tie 5 Governor in Council of the presidency, aud|nits applicatiw j to a colony includes the - lieutenant-governoy. or other officer administering the government of the colony:$

The expressions " oath " and " swear," and other expression* I relating thereto, include affirmation or declaration, affirm fe declare, and expressions relating, thereto, in cases where at I ... affirmation, or declaration is by law allowed instead dL*1 oath:

The expression " superior court," in the United Kingdom, me*"8 Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in England, the Coitf* of Session in Scotland, and Her Majesty's High Court,0* 1 Justice Dublin:

The expression "supreme court" means, as regards India, #9 high court or any chief court, and the expression " court ® 1 superior jurisdiction," as regards a colony, means a coud exercising in that Colony the like authority ds the High of Justice H Ehgl&nd:

The expression "civil court" mekhs, with respect .to anycrl?e or offence, a court of ordinary criminal jurisdiction, andf eludes k court of summary jurisdiction: ,

'The expression "prescribed '' means, prescribed by any rule3 I procedure made ih pursuance of this Act:

gP Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. Ott. 33. 199

1 (part V. Application, Saving Provisions, and DefirdUom.)

The expression " misdemeanor," as far as regards Scotland, means Definition*. a crime or offence, and so far as regards India means a crime punishable by fine and rigorous or simple imprisonment at the discretion of the court:

The expression " Summary Jurisdiction Acts " means — « Summary

(a.) As regards England, the Act of the session of the Jurisdiction ;<w. eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Acts' ' Majesty, chapter forty-three, intituled " An Act to facili- tate the performance of the duties of justices of the >' u peace out of sessions within England and Wales with " respect to Summary convictions and orders," and any 1v,j", Acts amending the same;

(&i) As regards Scotland, the Summary Procedure Act, 1864, 27 & 28 Vict. and any Acts amending the same; and c-53*

. ' (&) As regards Ireland, within the police district of Dublin _ .metropolis, the Acte regulating the bowers and duties 1 justices of the peace for such district, or of the police tv, of Stlch district; and elsewhere in Ireland, the Petty 14 & 15 vict Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending the c- 93.

same:

The expression "coiirt of summary jurisdiction " means any « Court of justice ^justices of the peace, metropolitan police magistrate, sugary n stipendiary or. other magistrate, or officer by whatever name 3aris &on‘ called, to whom jurisdiction is given by the Summary Juris-'iJMpn Acts or any Acte therein referred to; and as regards ^itland, means the sheriff or sheriff substitiite, or any two ...^ticesthe peace sitting in open, court; or any magistrate ^magistrates to whom jurisdiction is given by the Summary 27 & 28 Vict Procedure '(Scotland) Act, 1864; and as regards India, a e* 53‘ colony, the Channel Islands and Isle of Man, means the court, justices,-'or:-Magistrates Who exercise jurisdiction in the like cases to those in Which the Summary Jurisdiction Acte are . applicable:

The expression "hpiifity ‘Court judge" includes —

(1.) In the case of Scotland, the sheriff or sheriff substitute,;

.and

(2.) In the case of Ireland, the judge of the Civil Bill Court:

The expression "constable" includes a high constable and a Mutiny Act, 67.

commissioner, inspector, or other officer of police:

The expression " police authority " means the commissioner, commissioners, justices, watch committee, or other authority having the control of a police force V The expression "" horse " includes a mule, and the provisions of this Act shall apply to any beast of burden or draught of whatever description in like manner as if such beast were included in the expression "horse.",

Pdf the purpose of deducting pay a1 part of a day shall not be reckoned as a day, unless it consists of si^hours, or upward?.

200

See Mutiny Act, 22.

Mutiny Act, Schedule.

Mutiuy Act, sc. 63,66.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Offences punishable with Corporal Punishment on Active Seri/L

All offences under this Act punishable with death.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice ha# absconded, omd of Justice's Certificate annexed.

T A.B., of do make oath, that I am by trade,

1 , and that was bound to serve

as an apprentice to me in the said trade, by indenture dated the day of for the term of years; and that (Ik

said did on or about the day of

abscond and quit my service without my consent; and that to the bestof my knowledge and belief the said is aged about

years. Witness my hand at the dayi<

one thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) A.B.

I hereby certify that the foregoing affidavit') ('Signed') CD

was sworn before me at I s Justice of the Peace

this day of one [ £or

thousand eight hundred and . J

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose indentured Lahom in India or a Colony has absconded, and of Justice's Certijkoh annexed.

I of do make oath, that

was bound to me to serve as an indentured labourer by indenture dated the day of for the term of

years, and that the said did on or about the

day of abscond and quit my service without my consent

Witness my hand at the day of

thousand eight hundred and

(Signed) A.B.

I hereby certify, fyc. [as for apprentice].

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Billeting.

Part I.

Accommodation to be furnished by Keeper of Victualling B0^('

A keeper of a victualling house on whom any officer, soldier, or horse billeted — - si

(1.) Shall furnish the officer and soldier with lodging and attend and

201

2.) Shall, if required by the soldier, furnish him for every day of the march and for not more than two days, if the soldier is halted at an intermediate place on the march for more than two days, and on the day of arrival at the place of final destination, with one hot meal on each day, the meal to consist of such quantities of diet and small beer as may be from time to time fixed by Her Majesty's regulations, not exceeding one pound and a quarter of meat previous to being dressed, one pound of bread, one pound of potatoes or other vegetables, and two pints of small beer, and vinegar, salt, and pepper; and (3.) When the soldier is not so entitled to be furnished with a hot meal, shall furnish the soldier with candles, vinegar, and salt, and allow him the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat; and (4.) Shall furnish stable room and ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw on every day for each horse.

Part II.

Regulations as to Billets.

(1.) When the troops are on the march the billets given shall, except in Mutiny Act, 63. case of necessity or of an order of a justice of the peace, be upon victualling houses in or within one mile from the place mentioned in the route:$

(2.) Care shall always be taken that the billets be made out to the less distant victualling houses in which suitable accommodation can be found before billets are made out for the more distant victualling houses:

(3.) Except in case of necessity, where horses are billeted each man and his horse shall be billeted on the same victualling house:

(4.) Except in case of necessity, one soldier at least shall be billeted where there are one or two horses, and two soldiers at least where there are four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number:

(5.) Except in case of necessity a soldier and his horse shall not be billeted at a greater distance from each other than one hundred yards:

(6.) When any soldiers with their horses are billeted upon the keeper of a victualling house who has no stables, on the written requisition of the commanding officer present the constable shall billet the soldiers and their horses, or the horses only, on the keeper of some other victualling house who has stables, and a court of summary jurisdiction upon, complaint by the keeper of the last-mentioned victualling house may order a proper allowance to be paid to him by the keeper of the victualling house relieved:

(7.) An officer demanding billets may allot the billets among the soldiers under his command and their horses as he thinks most expedient for the public service, and may from time to time vary such allotment:

(8.) The commanding officer may, where it is practicable, require that not less than two men shall be billeted in one house.

202 Ch. 33. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879. 42 & 43 y.

(Impressment of Carriages.)

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Impressment of Carriages.

Mutiny Act, 69. TABLE OF RATES OF PAYMENT FOR CARRIAGES AND ANIMA

Carriages and Animals. Rate per Mile.

In Great Britain.

A waggon with four or more horses, or a wain with six oxen, or four oxen and two horses. One shilling.

A waggon with narrow wheels, or a cart with four horses, carrying not less than fifteen hundredweight. Ninepence.

Any other cart or carriage, with less than four horses, and not carrying fifteen hundredweight. Sixpence.

In Ireland.

For every hundredweight loaded on any wheeled vehicle. One halfpenny.

The mileage when reckoned for the purposes of payment shall include the distance from home to the place of starting, and the distance home from the place of discharge.

Regulations as to Carriages and Animals.

Mutiny Act, 69. (1.) Where the whole distance for which a carriage is furnished is

under one mile the payment shall be for a full mile.

(2.) In Ireland, the minimum sum payable for a car shall be threepence, and for a dray, sixpence per mile.

(3.) In Great Britain, when the day's march exceeds fifteen miles, tie justice granting his warrant may fix a further reasonable compensation for every mile travelled not exceeding, in respect of each mile, the rate of hire authorised to be charged by this Act; when any such additional compensation is granted, the justice shall insert in his own hand in the warrant the amount thereof.

(4.) In Ireland the payment shall be at the same rate for each hundredweight in excess of the amount which the carriage is liable under this schedule to carry.

(5.) A carriage shall not be required to travel more than twenty-five miles.

(6.) A carriage shall not, except in case of pressing emergency, be required to travel more than one day's march prescribed in the route.

(7.) In Great Britain a carriage shall not be required to carry more than thirty hundredweight.

(8.) In Ireland a carriage shall not be required to carry, if a car, more than six hundredweight, and if a dray more than twelve hundredweight.

(9.) The load for each carriage shall, if required, at the expense of the owner of the carriage, and if the same can be done within a reasonable time without hindrance to Her Majesty's service, be weighed before it j» placed in the carriage.

1879. Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.

(Descriptive Return.)

Ch. 33.

203

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Form or Descriptive Return.

Descriptive Return of who* at on Mutiny Act,

the day of , and was committed to confinement at Schedule,

on the day of as a deserter [or absentee without leave] from

the Bn. of the Regiment of

* After the word " who," to be inserted either the words " was apprehended," or "surrendered himself," as the case may be.

Age *

Height - Feet. Inches.

Complexion -

Hair - *

Eyes -

Marks - - " 1 MB

In nniform or plain clothes

Probable date and place of attestation

Probable date of desertion or beginning of absence, and from what place.

Name, occupation, and address of the person by whom or through whose means the deserter [or absentee without leave] was apprehended and secured.]1

Particulars in the evidence on which the prisoner is committed, and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what manner, and upon what grounds. The fullest possible details to be given.

I do hereby certify, that the prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my presence that he] the before-mentioned corps, and I recommends for R reward of s. Signature 1 ~ Residence [ofconmUUng Post Town J m"9*trate. Signature of prisoner. ' Signature of informant.

Or. where the prisoner confessed, and evidence of the truth or falsehood of such confession is not then forthcoming:

I hereby certify that the above-named prisoner confessed to the circumstances above stated, but that evidence of the truth or falsehood of such confession is not forthcoming, and that the case was adjourned until the day of for

the purpose of obtaining such evidence from a Secretary of State.

-Signature.

-Residence.

-Post To\

I It is important for the public service, and for the interest of the deserter or absontee without leave, that this part of the return should be accurately filled up, and the details should be inserted by the justice in ms own handwriting, or, under his direction, by his clerk.

| Insert is or is not a deserter or absentee without leave, from or belongs or does not belong to, as the case may be. , ... . ..

§ The justice will insert the name of the person to whom the reward is due, and the amount [5s., 10s., 15s., or 20s, j which, in his opinion, should be granted in this particular case.

---

204 Ch. 34. Childrens Dangerous Performances Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to regulate the Employment of Children in places of public amusement in certain cases.

[24th July 1879.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the employment of children in places of public amusement in certain cases:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Children's Dangerous Performances Act, 1879.

[Commencement of Act.]

2. This Act shall not come into operation until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty, which date is herein-after referred to as the commencement of this Act.

[Penalty for employment of any child in dangerous performances.]

3. From and after the commencement of this Act, any person who shall cause any child under the age of fourteen years to take part in any public exhibition, or performance whereby, in the opinion of a court of summary jurisdiction, the life or limbs of such child shall be endangered, and the parent or guardian, or any person having the custody, of such child, who shall aid or abet the same shall severally be guilty of an offence against this Act, and shall on summary conviction be liable for each offence to a penalty not exceeding ten pounds.

---

[Compensation

And where in the course of a public exhibition or performance ^otfUL1*10 ^hich in its nature is dangerous to the. life or limb of .a child un^r such age as aforesaid taking part therein, any accident causing actual bodily barm necurs to any such child, the employer -or such, child shall be liable to be indicted as having committed an assault; and the court before whom such employer is convicted-on indictment shall have the power of awarding compensation not exce^dw twenty pounds, to he paid by Such employer- tfr1 some person named by the court on behalf of the child, for the bodily harm so occasioned; provided that no person shall be punished twice for the- same offence.

Evidence

4. Whenever any person" is charged with' 'ail offeiife# against tbif

Act in respect of a child-who in the opinion, of the. cGprf. tryingji6 case is' apparently'1 ef'ilie' age alleged-by the informant, it shall fc oh th'e person Charged to'prove that the .dhUArfs mot of; that age. ^tieZ °£ 5. Every offence against this Act in resptfft‘‘of which the persot

committing it is liable as .above' meHtidtied !tB- a pCn^lty hrf exceeding ten pounds shall be prosecuted and."the penalty recover with costs in a summary manner, asrfollows : : ij|

In England, in accordance w^hrfhb^pio^siohs ^tihl ACtulC^ut|j gggg® and twelfth Victoria, (Chapter/forty-three, intituled. " Ah Aol " to facilitate the performance of the duties of justices of the | peace Out of sessions' within England and Wales, with respect " to summary Cb^iCtijons and orders," and of. any" Act-or Acte ^‘tmending the tame; and the wart euihni

when hearing and determining an information in fespeet Qf any offence under this Act shall be constitfite'd either of t#o( ® more justices of the" peace in petty sessions; sitting at a place appointed for the holding of petty sessions, or some magistrate

1879. Children's Dangerous Performances Act, 1879. Ch. 34, 35. 205

or officer sitting alone or with others at some court or other place appointed for the administration of justice for the time being empowered by law to do alone any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace;

[27 & 28 Vict. c. 53.]

In Scotland, in accordance with the provisions of the Summary Procedure Act, 1864, and of any Act or Acts amending the same; and

In Ireland, within the police district of Dublin metropolis in accordance with the provisions of the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district, or of the police of such district, and elsewhere in Ireland in accordance with the provisions of

[14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.]

the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending or affecting the same.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to remit certain Loans made by the Exchequer Loan Commissioners and the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and by the Irish Exchequer Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

[24th July 1879.]

---

WHEREAS certain loans at the expense of the Consolidated Fund have been made by the Exchequer Loan Commissioners or the Public Works Loan Commissioners for the objects mentioned in the1 first part of the Schedule to this Act, and by the Irish Exchequer Loan Commissioners or the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the objects mentioned in the second part of that Schedule, and in respect of each of those loans the amount ^mentioned in the fifth column of that Schedule, together with interest, if unpaid, and is due to the. said Commissioners on behalf of the pOfSsolidated. Fund:

And whereas no further sums can be recovered, hither by way of principal arinterest, in respect of the said loans, and it is inexpedient to keep open for any further period the account of such loans:

|^-whereas it is Also inexpedient to keep open for any further * period th^ account of the loss arising from the forged Certificate for an Exchequer Bill mentioned in the third part of the said Schedule:

Be if therefore enScted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and ^roBkkand Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

I, This Act may be cited as Hie Public Loans Remission Act, short title

1879:

2. The debts due iff -respect of the loans mentioned in the first Extinguish-and second parts of the. Schedule to this Act, whether granted by ts

the Exchequer Loan Commissioners or the Public Works Loan m e‘ Commissioners, or by the Irish Exchequer Loan Commissioners or the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and all arrears of interest thereoff, shall, after the passing of this Act, be extinguished, and the 'afaount of the debt so extinguished shall be considered as a free grant from Parliament.

The account of the forged Certificate for an Exchequer Bill mentioned in the third part of the Schedule to this Act shall be closed.

Isp

O

SCHEDULE.

Note. — In the following Schedule ‘f general Acts " means the general Acts conferring powers on the Exchequer Loan Commissioners and

Public Works Loan Commissioners. Q

r*

Part One.

Ox

Loans by Exchequer Loan Commissioners or Public Works Loom Commissioners.

|Objuct*-of Advance. i 1 Acts under which j Advance was * . made. 2. Amount Advanced. s. Amount Repaid. 4. Principal Outstanding. ' " 5. .. Account of Advance and Reason for Remission. 6.

' (1.) <Saetash Floating Bridge. (2.) Tat Ferries - £ s. d. £ 9. d, £ s. d.

t General Acts=- t8,7t>0 0 0] 485 9 3,214 1 3 The sum was advanced in 1834 towards completing a bridge across the river Tamar. In the following year 185/. was repaid for principal. Afterwards the Commissioners took possession of the work, and sold if in 1889-40. The net proceeds of the sale amounted to 800/. 18s. 9d. No interest has ever been paid.

59 Geo. 3. 1 c.cxiii. (Local). 3 Geo. 4. c. Ivii. (Local). 4 Ge.o. .. 4. C. lxxxvii. 6 & 7^ Vict. "C. lxacriv. (Local). 82,260 0 0 30,257 12 8 1,942 7 4 The sum of 25,000l. was advanced between 1828 and 1825. The -Commissioners took possession in 1842. In 1843 they advanced an additional sum of 7,200/. In 1845 they transferred their mortgages to the Dundee Banking Company in consideration of a sum down. The result of this sale and of the receipts from tolls while the Commissioners were in possession was that the sum of 25,000l. was considered to be paid off with interest, and the sum of7,200/. was reduced to 1^427. 7 s. 4d. The Act 6 & 7 Vict. c. 84., regulating the property, expired in

(*.") Norwich and Lowestoft Navigation. General Acts - 54,-000 0 10,720 16 4 43,279 3 8 The loan was advanced in 1832 — 35 towards completing the sea entrance at Lowestoft, and towards connecting the Rivers Yare and Waveney. The Commissioners took possession of the undeftaking^and, in 1842, sold it. They also 1 sued Ike directors for misapplying the loan. The sums recovered and the net 1 proceeds of the sale were the only sums ever repaid. No interest has ever been /

'(4.') ChUrohes -. ji "€.<*.') Leighton i Bu»ard. f&i&eo. 4. c. 36. i 2,000 0 0r 200 -0 ,-p; 1,860 0 0 paid. / The loan was advanced for the repair of the church in 1840 on security of the i church rate. During the next, two years the instalments of principal were / a repaid, together with interest. The rate was then resisted on the ground of an Si

1 it M informality in the.mortgage deed, and the Commissioners were advised that they / T could not enforce the mortgage. / miHBw / 3

p Objects of Advance. IBH! 1Acts under whiol / Advance was HH inane. 11 f w m 2. - 7 Amount III Advanced. S®P/ ' I If Amount < f ' Repaid. 1 4. Principal Outstanding.

i , 1 £ a. *dJ £ s. d. £ *. d.

i I fS.) Minwere,' 1 Pembrokeshire. 5 Geo. 4./c.i&6.1/ 7 Geo. 4. c. 80. j L 1860 TO) ‘Oj H ‘eoo <0 <o i

(C,*) Slebeckyem- ! ' vrbkeshire. 5 Geo. 4. c. 36. pGeo. 4. C. 30. 1,250 0 0j i87 10 oi 1,082 1,0 0 T

(d.y Eaton Bray, Bedfordshire. 5 Geo. 4. c. 36. 7 Geo. 4. e; 30. 400 0 0 151 8 11j 248 16 1 1

(e.) Houghton Bsgis, '~Bed- ! fordshire. 5 Geo. 4. o. 36. 7 Geo. 4. e. 30'. 300 0 0 80 0 0 0 © O £ c*

5.) Stranraer General Acts - 2,0 00 0 0 950 0 0 1,050 0 0'

Harbour, Wigton-. shire.

[8-) fj j .SODTHJEND General Acts - 16,000 0 0 15,600 0 0 - 400 0 0

Bier.

(7(> Beau Fishery General Acts - 1,500 0 0 836 18 6 663 1 6

(8,). Heckbrxdge AND WlNTBRIDGI Railway. General Acts- i® 7,600 _ 0 _0 2,908 10 7 4,691 9 5

.Account of Advance and Rea&onlor Remission.

was advanced in 1848 towards -building the church. ' The interest Charged was five per cent, in consequence of the interest to he charged by the Commissioners having been raised from four' to five per cent, .by 7 Geo. 4. c. 39. s. 2, hut in consequence of 5 Geo. 4. c: 88. not having been recited in the later I 'Act1 raising the interest it was considered that the Commissioners had no power to ihkge more than four per cent. It 'appears to have heen considered that this I prevented the Commissioners from recovering the principal, and no principal or1 interest Has ever heen paid.

Phe loan was' advanced in 1889 towards rebuilding the church. The instalments : of principal were repaid for three years, after which the same objection was taken as in the case of Minwere.

rhe loan was advanced in 1831 in aid of the repairs of the church. The instalments of principal were repaid for 18 years, but in 1847 the same objection was taken as in the case of Minwere.

Ohe loan was advanced in 1843 for enlarging the church. A similar objection was taken to that in Minwere and only two instalments have been repaid.

on dues leviable under the authority of a royal charter of 1617 by the magistrates and council of the town. The instalments of principal were repaid for five years, after which the power of levying the dues was contested and decided in the sheriff court against the magistrates and council. The balance has remained outstanding ever since, and nO interest has been paid upon it.

The loan was advanced between 1848 — 45 towards the construction of a pier at Southend. The Commissioners took possession of the pier and sold it in 1851, thereby recovering 14;000/. The balance had been privately guaranteed, and a sum of 1,600/. was accepted as a composition for the amount due from the sureties.

The loan was advanced in 1818 to W- Pittoclc of Deal to assist him in catching and curing herrings. After repayment of some instalments he became bankrupt, and a portion only of the balance was recovered.

The sum was advanced in 1827 for the construction of a railway which was in-. tended to serve for the conveyance of a certain kind of freestone. The Commissioners took possession, and sold the rails, &c. The proceeds of the sale are the only amount recovered. No interest has ever been paid.

Q

I'VZ 90U,

I Objectsof Advance. >' M 1. ' I Acts under whic 1 Advance was made. 1 2. i Amount Advanced. 1 3. Amount Repaid. 4. Principal Outstanding. 1 5. Account of Advance and Reason for Remission. 6.

f (9.) Roads: 11 Geo. 4. c. 39 & s. d 2,000 0 0 & s. d. 1,298 13 6 £ s. d 701 6 6 The loan was advanced in 1833 for making a turnpike road from Great Yarmouth

1 (a.) Acle and Yarmouth. f (6.) Shiel and General Acts - 200 0 0 N 125 0; 0 75 O ff to Acle on security of the tolls. During the first two or three years a sum of 300/. was repaid for principal, besides 287/. 16s. 5d. for interest. In 1842 the; Commissioners took possession, and collected the tolls, and ultimately sold, them for 1,000l., the net proceeds amounting to 998/. 18s. 6d. The loan was advanced in 1847 to Mr. Coll McDonald for completing a road from

| Loch Moidart. 8;- (e.) Gatton and Povey Cross. 1 (<£) EcoleshUland Bradford. (e.) Doncaster dnd Selby}J 56 Geo. 3. c. 30. .5,500 0 0 :f was. 5,5m'Qf' 0 t6e bridge of Shiel to the sea in Loch Moidart. No principal or interest has been received since 1'852. Mr. McDonald's estate was sold, and all trace of him lost. The loan was advanced in 1817-18 for making a new road between Gatton Lodge

j6 Geo. 4. c. 42. "3j000 o '©> | Nil 3,000 0 0 and' Povey Cross in Surrey, so as to shorten the route between London and the sea coast, and was lent on the security of the tolls. In 1821 the Commissioners took possession, and applied the net balance of the tolls in part payment 6f the interest. In 1850 the Act was , specially excepted from the Turnpikes Act Continuance Act, so that the tolls, the security for the loan, ceased. The' loan was advanced.in 1826 for making a turnpike road from Bradford to the

1 & 2 Will. 4. ] * 86. 14,000 Q o >8,? 72 .5 0 5,027 15) 0 neighbouring hamlet of Eccleshill, on security of the tolls. The road was expected to open out communication with some stone quarries, and to be a remunerative means of finding employment for the poor, who were in great distress owing to the state of the woollen trade. The tolls were insufficient to cover the current expenses, and ita 1852 the Act authorising them was excepted from the Turnpikes Act Continuance Act, and, consequently the tolls ceased. No interest has ever been paid. The loan was advanced in 1832 for making a turnpike road between Doncaster

I (10.) 'Cooetown | Harbour. General Acts ] 1 17,000 0 0 J \ 11,000 0 0 I; 6,000 0 0 and Selby, on the security of the' tolls. The Commissioners took possession m 1841, and in 1852, with the permission of the Treasury, gave up charging interest, and the net receipts were applied in gradually liquidating the principal. In 1877, notwithstanding the objections of the Commissioners, the Act authorising the tolls was included, in the Schedule to 40 & 41 Vict. c. 64., among the Acts to expire on the following 1st of November. Consequently the tolls, the security' for the loan, ceased. At that time 5,892/. 14s. 3d. remained unpaid, which has been reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of the toll-houses, viz., 364/. 19s. 3d. / Three loans were made between 1828 and 1838 for the improvement of the harbour. The second and third were secured collaterally by bonds of the principal land- / I owners, and were repaid, with interest, by the sureties. The first loan of6,000l. / was secured solely on the tolls and dues, and is still outstanding. No interest / & baa ever been paid upon it, and the average expenditure of the harbour exceeds / . , the receipts. / < — T Hk i / &

- — i

Objects of Advance.

I Acts under which

£. s, d. £ s. d. £1 (11.), Waterford, I 'General Acts — l6(%pod ' 6. 0/85,828 13 8 New Boss, AND

I Wexford B»il-. way

(12.) COEK AND Bali/thooly Road.

Total -

j6> Geou 4. c.

' y.cvi. (Local.-)

12,000 0 0

235,250 0 0

119,653 2 6

24,671 6 9

11,400. 0 ,0

115,596 17 6

Account of Advance and. "Reason for "Remission.

50 000/. was advanced in. 1868 — 9 to the company in aid of the construction, of a linei from Bagenalstown Station on the Great Southern and Western Railway to Machmine on the Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway, so as to effect a junction between the two southern railway systems, and a further sum of 10,0001.1 was advanced in 1870 to extend the undertaking. In 1875, 7021. having been | paid in respect of principal and a very inadequate sum by way of interest, the I Commissioners took possession, and put up the undertaking to auction. There | were no bidders, and they held the railway for a year, when it was sold for 40,0002., pursuant to the Act 39 & 40 Vict. c. xcviii. (Local), the net sum received being I 84,626/. 13s. 3d.

The loan was advanced in 1827 (on security of the tolls) for making a road from Cork to Ballyhooly, whence it was to be continued towards Dublin. One instalment of principal was repaid, and a sum of 480/. for interest. No other sum has been received. The road is now maintained by the county, and no tolls are levied. The loan was collaterally secured by personal bonds from different landowners, but in 1842 the Government acquiesced in the Loan Commissioners not attempting to enforce those bonds, and lapse of time would appear to make it impossible now to do so.

Part Two.

Zooms by Irish Exchequer Loom Commissioners or Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

TX).) Yotjghal ! 1 Geo. 4. c. 53. 1

1 Bridge. 1

1 (2.) Shannon 5 & 6 Will. 4.

Navigation. I 0.67.

1 I 2 &. | Vict.

1 i j c. 61. t

10,000 0 o

2 3 9,777 17 9 I The loan was advanced in 1830 for building a bridge across the river Blackwater I near Youghal. In 1867 the Act 30 & 81 Vict: c, 57. was passed, authorising the grand juries of the counties of Cork and Waterford to take over the bridge, and providing for tlm composition of the debt for a sum of 2,500/. The grand juries refused to take qver the bridge, and by 36 & 37 Vict.' cc. 46 & 47, the grand juries were authorised to take over the bridge on payment only of the value of the materials and works of the bridge. They nave agreed to do so, and the value has been assessed at 222/. 2s. 3d.

281,453 7 2 f 662 1 8 The loan was advanced for improving the' navigation of the river Shannon, in; 153 7 l l Addition to a grant of 290,747/. The loan was to be repaid by the counties 11,821 4 l interested through grand jury presentments, and by certain proprietors or districts interested in Piers on the Lower Shannon..

Objects of Advance. 1. Acts under which Advance was made. 2. Amount Advanced. 3. Amount Repaid. 4. Principal Outstanding. 5.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ 8. d.

(3.) Clonakiltt Drainage, Slob Lands. 5 & 6 Vict. e. 89. 9 & 10 Vict. c. 4. 11,734 5 10 2,217 6 1 9,516 19 9

Total - - 315,824 5 10 283,892 15 6 31,931 10 4

Account of Advance and Reason for Remission. 6.

The sum of 662/. Is. 8d. was allocated to Mr. Scott for Cahercon. His estate was sold, but the charge of the loan on his estate was informal, and the sum became therefore irrecoverable.

Lord Monteagle promised to contribute to Foynes Harbour a sum of 4,250/. 2s. 6c?., for which he transferred 4,500/. consols to the Commissioners. These consols were sold when the market was low, and consequently the amount realised by the sale was insufficient to pay the whole of the sum, and Lord Monteagle declined to pay the deficiency (153/. 7s. Id.') on the ground that the consols were sold without his concurrence.

The sum of 11,821/. 4s. Id. was allocated for works on the Lower Shannon, which were not executed in consequence of the failure of localities and individuals to guarantee this portion of the cost, and the sum was appropriated, by permission of the Treasury, towards urgent works on the Upper Shannon, but could not be recovered from the counties in consequence of there being no power to increase the assessment upon the counties.

The larger part of the loan was advanced for reclaiming the slob lands (an area of about 300 acres), a work undertaken during the Irish famine. Difficulties arose in disposing of the land reclaimed, and in 1866 the Commissioners spent 660/. in fencing and improving the sluices. The property has been offered for sale to the adjacent proprietors and t.o the neighbouring tenantry, but no offer was obtained. The property has now been sold for 2,000l. There is no security for the rest of the loan.

Part Three.

Forged. Certificate iox an. Exchequer

— 14,000 0 0

The sura was lost through the Assistant Secretary of the Commissioners in 1842 altering a certificate for an Exchequer Bill from 4OO/. to 14,4001, and absconding wiflr the 14,0001. The sum has been retained among outstanding balances although it was* not a loan and was never recoverable.

te

Q

K

09

crt

ft

C

©«

I*

Co

S-

-as 0

S.'S

Qg |

B sj- Q. W ® o' sr s s

- g'g S . .Se

S B

g »2 g a

ft S £

pr* oo ,® "P A

l — i ' CD

o. da

© 2. CD j

mi

® -§ t> ft. Q B a § Cf'-g g?'®'ft 2 s* P ct> §m 5 2L o 0 m

W® B

m.b s a, 5 oj

_ cd ® tr a

p o p

m fca 3. g1 s o as

? S-' a ft 2 cS. C+. &

w

. 69

' S3

CD

53 B

g g §,03, ft

B wlf

B is 11

b sB

B

1=1® B. R [> ai ,P ft 53.

I! S

- " ® 08 |

B

, = ft g --ft Cj' g ® 5 $ g* B I a «5® g n ( — I S g. CLftJ h ® " S3.

§raj e-s-ga § *8*

Es CO

tr£

cr g >

x<j o -

£*0 S- g

ft- R Bx 1 — i'P 00 S ft

5 Ef

* ® B

® § B

® -h®

!« o O Htf

» * S" s &

S- p

S'® i

® 02 5 H

© Ct- © W M l-K

O P O 2® E? !

ffi IB ® o o-

g | I ® w o

m CD CD

f at 1

i y ®*0 a s-D-g-t

i'o K'g'g = -

5? h- p.d5' 8

£2 2 bb 2" 3 H

g^B B e*-e*c® _.® fco ®®Jw'- tj- e-. h e co w> xn B^ cq H

CO 2,PV! 0 ® Q > P © ©

S S- O s»

o

3 1

CD CD

SO 5*

et- H - —

® s: "

O' R3

*-< CD

ri® o a

>5

<5- M. S

® 2

§ 00 0^3

l-rj C+- | p-u

B

§ t>® 0 <^3 f^2

m t — -1 O fvi Co

> 1 p

© M

B. 2 S g B P g §

P I CD

cr* 2. R* g c CP5 g- P B. R ® p. t — * II- © m t CLi^ 0 H

"B‘ t?5 & &

3 p g,' Sv, B

S' o & § 2 B

t5 52 © i_i cd S 22

5® h B o

S © Hi®

2 t_J t*r* Q (jJ — a- O

§ 3»I o

pb-s Pig a g. ft. 3 ftj» « o-e 3«STP^b ife‘ Et: ® ta P ® a g ® B33 tr

Cu CD CD I to 1 — 1 on i-i cd 3 (c

Mg III sal

p> p m. to Q.

a -j ci- Ct- p

S tr4 ©

© &. w CD U p rT5l. cq H

P*w H

o © Jg.3 p ,

Bs2 3. a

Si | 1 &® 3 I.

! gg a |

P^ ® t>

2 Bo Bo S* P

& ct- of- ® 2^ §<5

S.PS'S Og Q

1 g-S".S

Si

3

cd 5- a* § ft 3 «ft p ® § B R S ' Er £ *

2 — . b ® ® m-

‘ o B o ^6 g|* Sr S'

h> a* P

o 2 p §

3. P- ®

1^0 .p _ o

S, B

cr1 <r

W fe"

S

sS

S3 o

& — , < .o'

o ® Hr 00

® g

o B

o' a P

b

P tri g ®

R.

P ^cO

O §

o ® P P

cd xST ' cn 2

-jSst

CD tr'

g-vj

09 09

OQ

P

P

P-

I? |

P

O p

ir on P Hd m CD

T3

B

3

o

O

w

I o'p ® 1 a p

cc

P 0 2-

'Tl <r p & EL ®

s hr b ET 2 P o B is a ct-P a.

r

,.P

O0«2.

s|

tf- GO p

0 0

R CD

Cj

‘e

b

o

o tr

o

W

h

H

W

co

CP &,

B 5.V,

l-M*

® OQ ft. P

P.BB l* 1

® tr1

3*3 ®

H 3 O B

00 o 2

<Tft ujJ

CO P- H 2.

bo

I

O

of

212

Ch. 36, 37. Customs Buildings Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vj I

with this Act, the special Act being construed to mean this At I and the promoters of the undertaking being construed to meant! I Commissioners of Works.

Provisions of 6. The powers and provisions of sections three hundred and I bothtociuSS thirty-five to three hundred and forty-one, both inclusive, and I and 345 of ' section three hundred and forty-five of the Customs Consolidation 16 & 17 Vict. Act, 1853, and of sections two hundred and seventy-five and two hundred and seventy-six of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 276 of shall continue in force as if this Act had not been passed (if the

39 & 40 Vict. Commissioners of the Treasury shall think fit to exercise the same), tinue in force excepf that the moneys referred to in the two hundred and seventy-with variations, fifth section of the said Act of 1876, arising from or paid in respect of lands or hereditaments in Great Britain, or the Isle ol Man, or the Channel Islands, shall be paid into the Bank of England to the account of the Commissioners of Works instead of to the Commissioners of Customs, and that lands which under the two hundred and seventy-sixth section of the said Act of 1876 would' have vested in Her Majesty, her heirs or successors, shall vest in like manner in the Commissioners of Works.

Moneys pro- All moneys and funds now in the hands of or under the

ofimds'tobe contr°l of the Commissioners of Customs produced by sale or paid to the exchange of lands or hereditaments in Great Britain, or the Isle of of°Work*0nerS ®^an» or fll Channel Islands, shall be paid or transferred to the account of the Commissioners of Works.

Act to be 8. This Act shall be registered in the Royal Courts of the Islands

Cbaimel<i Guernsey and Jersey respectively, and the said Royal Courts Islands. respectively shall have full power and authority and are hereby required to register the same.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Commons Act, 1876.

[11th August 1879.]

89 & 40 Vict

WHEREAS by section twenty-seven of the Commons Act, 18/6, c< 56< v T the surplus rents arising from recreation grounds shall be

applied to all or any of the following purposes, and to no other purpose, that is to say, in improving the recreation grounds or any of them in the same parish or neighbourhood, or maintaining the drainage and fencing thereof, or in hiring or purchasing additional land for recreation grounds in the same parish or neighbourhood: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, aud by the authority of the same, as follows:$

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Commons Act, 1879.

Application of §f The improving the field gardens, or any of them, to which the surplus rents twenty-seventh section of the Commons Act, 1876, applies in the Crf recreation same parish or neighbourhood or maintaining the drainage and 39 & 40 Vict. fencing thereof, shall be one of the purposes to which the surplus c. 56. rents arising from recreation grounds shall be applied. |

1879.

Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1879. Ch. 38. 213

---

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to amend the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873.

[11th August 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title and construction.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1879.

[36 & 37 Vict. c. 59.]

This Act shall be construed as one with the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873, and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Acts, 1873 and 1879.

[Amendment of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 59. s. 2, as to definition of East African Courts.]

2. Whereas by section two of the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873, the term "East African courts" is defined to mean the Vice-Admiralty Court at Aden, and any of Her Majesty's consuls within the dominions of the sovereigns of Zanzibar, Muscat, and Madagascar, when exercising jurisdiction in pursuance of the Orders in Council recited in the said Act, and it is expedient to amend the said definition: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

Orders in Council recited in the said Act, and it is expedient to amend the said definition: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

In the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873, the term 36 & 37 Vict.

" East African courts " shall mean the Vice-Admiralty Court at c‘ 59‘

Aden, and any of Her Majesty's consular officers within the dominions of the sovereigns of Zanzibar, Muscat, and Madagascar on whom jurisdiction in relation to vessels captured on suspicion of being engaged in the slave trade, or otherwise in relation to the slave trade, has been conferred by an Order in Council, made whether before or after the passing of this Act.

So much of section two of the Slave Trade (East African Courts) 36 & 37 Via*-Act, 1873, as defines the term " East African courts " is hereby c- 59‘ repealed, without prejudice to anything already done or sufiei'ed in pursuance thereof.

[Amendment of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 59. s. 7. as to treaties to which the Act applies.]

3. Whereas by section two of the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873, the term "East African courts" is defined to mean the Vice-Admiralty Court at Aden, and any of Her Majesty's consuls within the dominions of the sovereigns of Zanzibar, Muscat, and Madagascar, when exercising jurisdiction in pursuance of the Orders in Council recited in the said Act, and it is expedient to amend the said definition: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

A treaty in relation to the slave trade made either before or after the passing of this Act by or on behalf of Her Majesty with the Government of E°ypt shall be deemed to be a treaty in relation to the slave trade to which section seven of the Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act, 1873, applies, and Orders in Council in relation 36 & 37 Vict. to such treaty may be made accordingly in pursuance of the said c- 69*

tier firm . - ij HHj . Amendment

section. East African courts shall have the same juris- of 36 & 37

Ch. 38, 39. Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act,.1879 i42

[Amendment of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 59. s. 3. as to jurisdiction over British vessels.]

4. Each of the East African courts shall have the same jurisdiction in regard to a British vessel seized on suspicion of being engaged in or fitted out for the slave trade, and to the persons, slaves, goods, and effects on board thereof, when the vessel, in pursuance of any existing East African Slave Trade treaty, is seized and brought for trial by the commander or officer of any ship belonging to the foreign state with whom such treaty is made, as such court would have if the vessel had been seized by the commander or officer of any of Her Majesty's ships.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the law with respect to Eetimajj Receipts and Expenditure as regards Highways,

, to dispense with the verification before Justices of the! accounts of Surveyors of Highways.

[11th August 1819.]

WHEREAS by divers Acts provisions differing from each otto!

are made respecting the transmission to the Local Gov® I ment Board and the laying before Parliament of annual return of ] the receipts and expenditure on account of highways in parishes, certain urban sanitary districts, and highway districts : __

And whereas it is expedient that one return only m should be required, and that such return should be madei and W 23 & 24 Vict. before Parliament in like manner as other returns under t e e-5i. Taxation Returns Acts, 1860 and 1877, subject to being dispe

c? 66 41 'lct' with in like manner as such other returns: '

5 8c 6 Will And whereas by5 the -Highways Act, 1835, the 'surveyor Ot e.50.8. 45. ways of every parish is required, amon^ other matters, to vffliy his accounts before justices at special sessions, and the said van »,

4i 8c 42 Vict. tion of accounts has been rendered unnecessary by the Highw c. 77. s. 9. and LocOinotives Amendment Act, 1878, which requires thd'accouii Of the surveyors of highways to he audited by the district jawOT and it is Expedient to dispense* with such verification' i1', _.

Be. it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excehent jMaWi! by and with the advice and ‘cdfiseUfe Of the Lords Spiritual *a& Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, an by the authority of the same, as follows

1. This Act may be-cited as the Highway Accounts Returns Ad, > 1879.

2. The Local Taxation Returns Acts, 1860 and 1877', stall apply to returns of rates, receipts, and expenditure as regards Highway® in like manner as if they Were specifically mentioned in the said Acts, and highway boards and surveyors of highways were m®'

o __ tidried as local authorities ifr tfibsOA'cts, and surveyor of hig^‘

40 8c' 41 Vict. ways were an officer keeping the accounts of the rates, receipts, c. 66. expenditure within the meaning of those Acts.

Provided that a return tinder the said ActC maybe dispensed with upon the delivery to the auditor ofk financial statement of the said receipts arid expenditure m like manner as in anV other case. ‘‘H v-s'1-0 't-yanti'; '

Repeal and 3. The Acts specified in the Schedule to thio lH , Av»

SB WM m mi mm

Short title.

Return of receipts and expenditure as regards highways.

28 8c 24 Vict. e. 51.

215

igyp. Highway Accounts Returns Act, 1879. Ch. 39, 40.

Where in pursuance of any enactment hereby repealed the accounts of a surveyor of highways for a parish for the period ^ng on the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine have been verified, and a statement of the receipts and expenditure of such parish as regards highways for the said period has been transmitted to the Local Government Board, the Board may, if they think fit, dispense with the submission of a financial statement and dispense wholly or partly with the audit by the district auditor of the accounts for the said period of such parish as regards highways.

SCHEDULE. Acts Repealed.

Year and Chapter. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

5& 6 Will. 4. c. 50. - Highway Act, 1835 In section forty-five

from and including the words "and at the stud special sessions " to the

0.35, f An Act for requiring annual end of the section. The whole Act.

25 &*26 Vict., c. 61, - returns of the expenditure on highways in England and Wales to be transmitted to the Secretary of State and afterwards laid before Parliament.

. The Highway Act, 1862 Section twenty-seven.

section twenty-eight, and section twenty-nine.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to amend the Conveyancing and Land Transfer (Scotland) Act, 1874 [11th August 1879.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to land ' rights and conveyancing in Scotland:$

_ Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by" and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and ty the authority.of the .same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be (fifed for all purposes as the Conveyancing short title. (Scotland) Act, 1-874, Amendment Act, 1879.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of December Commence-one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, which is herein-after ment of Act.

referred to as the commencement-of this Act.

3. Notwithstanding-the repeal of section one hundred and' ^repeal of

eighteen of the; Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856, by section fifty- 19 & 20 Vict five of the Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874, it is provided that ^79 ^sect. from and after the. commencement of this Act no poinding of the 88

16 Ch. 40,41. Oonveyancf (S.) Act, 187^Ammd^A ct, 1679.42 & 43 y1C[ 11

ground which has not been carried into execution by sale of tt effects sixty days before the date of the sequestration shall- (ex<M to the extent herein-after- provided) be available in any question with the trustee: Provided that no creditor who holds a security 1 over the heritable estate preferable to the right of the trustee shall I be; prevented from executing a poinding of the ground after the 1 sequestration, but such poinding shall in competition with .the I trustee be available only for the interest on the debt for the current I half-yearly term, and for the arrears of interest for one year imme- I diately before the commencement of such term.

Application 4. This Act shall not apply to heritable securities constituted; I

of Act. prior to the commencement of this Act until the first day of I

December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, and shall 1 not affect any action of poinding of the ground proceeding upon I such securities which shall have been instituted prior to the said I last-mentioned date, or any decree of poinding obtained in such 1 action prior to said date.

Act to be con- 5. This Act shall be read as part of and construed along with the | t BankrUPtcy(Scotland) Act, 1856. c. 79. ‘ *mm*£te__________I____

CHAPTER 41. ~

An Act to enable Guaranteed Railway Companies in India and the Secretary of State for India in Council to enter into Agreements with respect to the working of hail-ways, and with respect to Telegraphs, and to confer upon those Companies additional powers with respect to their Undertakings. . [11th August 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal? and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Interpretation. 1. In and for the purposes of this Act, —

The term " guaranteed company " means any of the companies specified in the schedule to this Act, and any railway company which for the time being constructs, maintains, or works a railway under any guarantee from or arrangement with the Secretary of State for India in Council

The term "railway company " includes any person or body of persons being the owner or lessee of or working a railway, except the East Indian Railway Company, and except, any railway company of which the undertaking is after the passing of this Act purchased by the Secretary of State for India in Council.

The term " railway " means a railway constructed before or after the passing of this Act, and belonging to the Secretary of State for India in Council, or situate in Her Majesty's territories in India or in any territory in the. East Indies, belonging to any native prince or state in alliance with Her Majesty or . to any European n and includes any tramway so belonging or Bituate and workerTtw steam power, and, any .ferry so belonging or situate and work d usedjm connexion with a railway. Aed or

Hg^'..jiA.Raibmys Ad, 1879. Ch. 41. 217

o. A guaranteed company may from time to time make with the power for « rAtery of State for India in Council, and carry into effect, or, guaranteed the sanction of the Secretary of State for India in Council, make with any railway company, and carry into effect, any agree- working agreement with respect to any of the following purposes; namely, mente-

(&) The working, use, management, and maintenance of any irailway or part of a railway: tA) The supply of rolling stock and machinery necessary for any jjttwu'of the purposes herein-before mentioned, and of officers and servants for the conduct of the traffic of any such railway or part:

(c.) The payments to be made and the conditions to be performed * with respect to such working, use, management, and t ' maintenance:

>(#.) The. interchange, accommodation, and conveyance of traffic on, coming from, or destined for the respective railways of "

> the contracting parties, and the fixing, collecting, 'appor- tionment, and appropriation of the revenues arising from 1 that traffic:

>5?%)^©&ierally the giving effect to any such provisions Or stipulate* tions^ with respect to any of the purposes herein-before mentioned as the contracting parties may think fit and ^mutually agree on.

3. A guaranteed company may from time to time make with- the Power for Secretary of State for India in Council, and carry into effect, any agreement with respect to any of the following purposes; namely, mai»! agree-

The surrendering, selling, or lettiDg by the company to the ments with the I*Secretary of State Of alitor any part of the telegraphs Stoteasto°f : belonging to the company: tgiegrt»ph«.

doing of any thing connected with the working, use,

- management, or maintenance of or otherwise relating to any telegraphs in India which belong to the Secretary of State in Council or a guaranteed company, or in which the Secretary of State , in Council or any such company is i . for the time being interested, including the application of Kp the revenue to arise from any such telegraphs:

(#) Generally the giving effect to any such provisions or stipulations with respect to any such telegraphs as the Secretary; of State in Council and any such company may think fit ' j; and mutually agree on.

4. A guaranteed company may from time to time, with the Additional

sanction of the Secretary of State for India in Council, exercise powerst^d all of any of the following powers: company.

(a.) They may- use, maintain, farm, or work and take tolls in respect* of any bridge or ferry used in connexioh With their railway: .

They may construct, use; maintain; and take tolls in respect ie ' of any road in connexion with a railway bridge:

may provide any means of transport which may be required for the reasonable convenience of persons or goods carried-or to be carried on their railway, but not between any places-between which any Company shall far the time Ije^Qo- be* carrying on the business of carriers by water:

218

Secretary of State may delegate to Governor General right of sanction under this Act. Powers of Act cumulative. Validation of past agree-

Short title.

(Jh. 41, 42. Indian Guaranteed Railways Act, 1879. 42 & 43 y

Provided always, that the capital outlay on the w mentioned in the three preceding sub-sections shall in the case of any guaranteed company exceed in all lacs of rupees:

(d.) They may make and carry into effect agreements with Secretary of State for India in Council for the constr^. tion of rolling stock, plant, or machinery used on connexion with railways, or for leasing or taking on W any rolling stock, plant, machinery, or equipments requi^ for use on a railway.

A guaranteed company shall have, for the purpose of .recovery any tolls which they are authorised to take under this section, suck powers as may be conferred upon them by laws and regulations made by the Governor General of India in Council.

5. The Secretary of State for India in Council may from time to time, with respect to any case or class of cases, delegate to the Governor General of India in Council the power to give any sanction required under this Act.

6. The powers conferred by this Act shall be in addition to anil not in derogation of any powers existing independently of this Act

7. Any agreement made before the passing of this Act by t guaranteed company for any of the purposes specified in this Act shall be as valid as if it had been made after the passing of tto Act.

8. This Act may be cited as the Indian Guaranteed Railways Act, 1879.

SCHEDULE.

The Great Indian Peninsular Railway Company.

The Madras Railway Company.

The Bombay, Baroda, and Central India Railway Company1

The Scinde, Punjab, and Delhi Railway Company.

The Eastern Bengal Railway Company.

The South Indian Railway Company.

The Oude and Rohilcund Railway Company (Limited).

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to amend the Acts relating* to the Valuation °j Lands and Heritages in Scotland. [11th August

'WHEREAS an Act was passed ip the session of the 0$ * teenth and eighteenth years of the reign of Her Majesty, chapter ninety-one, intituled "An Act for, the Valu*1 " of Lands and Heritages in Scotland. apd another Ad* passed in the session of the twentieth and twenty-first yea^1j.( the said reign, chapter fifty-eight* intituled " An Act, to " Act seventeenth and eighteenth of Victoria, for the Yaluati0® Lands in Scotlandand another Act was passed in the oft the, thirtieth and thirty-first years of the, said reign,

30 & si Vict. eighty, intituled "An Act to define;.the duties, of, the AssessojV c'80, " Railways in Scotland in making up the Valuation Roll of

" ways, and to amend in certain, respects the. Valuation of

17 & 18 Vict. & 91.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 58.

219

1879. Wdhmbion of La/nds (8.) Amendment Act, 1879. Ch. 42.

(Scotland) Acts and it is expedient,to amend the recited Acts as herein-after provided:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,'by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:, ft, This Act maybe cited for all purposes as the Valuation of Short title and Twfo (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1879, and shall extend to Scot- extent of Act. land only.

, 2,. This .Act shall have effect from and after the first day of Commence-January one thousand eight hundred and eighty, which date is ment of -A-Ct* herein-after referred to as the commencement of this Act.

3. The recited Acts and this Act shall be read and construed Recited Acts together, and may together be referred to as the Valuation of Lands b^Jm^traed*0 (Gotland) Acts. together.

A Prom and after the commencement of this Act appeals and County yaiua-complaints under the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts to the tion committee commissioners of supply in any county in Scotland shall not be 10 appom ‘ heard and determined by the general body of commissioners of supply of such county* but shall be heard and determined by a standing committee of such commissioners, to be called thei county valuation committee. The determination of a county valuation committee shall,.for all.purposes, be deemed to. be the determination of the commissioners of supply by whom it is appointed.,

5; Thet following, provisions shall have effect with respect to the appointment and . proceedings of a county valuation committee; county vaiua-that is to say, . . . jj tion committee.

(1.) The commissioners of supply shall ‘annually at their statutory meeting on the thirtieth day of April, or on. the; day substituted therefor, in terms of the Act passed in the twenty-eighth year, of the reign of Her. present Majesty, chapter thirty-eight, or at any adjournment

d.' thereof, appoint from among themselves a county valuation i committee, or they may appoint more than one such committee, and assign to any such committee such area I of jurisdiction as.theymay think, expedient:

(2.) A-cotmty valuation committee shall consist of not less thah j-; five nor more than twenty members:$

‘ (3.) A.'j county valuation Committee may from time tor time fix the times and places of .their meetings, of which notice shall bed given, by the, clerk of supply of the county,in I the same manner as notice- is for the time given of; meetings of the Commissioners of supply.:

(A); The quorum, of a county valuation committee shall be three V 'V members:

(®.) Any vacancy, arising in any such committee from death,' resignation, or .nther causejmay be from time to time filled up by the domihitteetftii.

.Any such committee may, if a quorum exists, act, not-- withstanding, vacancies therein : jggtf| Bp

7) A count jf valuation committee shall continue in office until - another suehjdcomrbittee* is- appointed am herein-before provided:

220 Ch. 42. Valuation ofLands(S.) Amendment Act, 1879.42 & 43 Vict

The members of a committee retiring may be re-appointed;

(7.) A county valuation committee shall have power to elect one of their own number to act as chairman during their tenure of office, and until a chairman is appointed, and in case of his absence from any meeting, the committee shall elect one of their members present at the meeting to act as chairman of that meeting; and in the event of an equal division of the committee, the chairman shall have a second vote:

(8.) The clerk of supply of the county shall be the clerk of the county valuation committee, or of each such committee if there be more than one, and shall perform all such duties in relation to any such committee or committees as he is required by law to perform in relation to the commissioners of supply in general meeting assembled, As to com- 6. It shall be lawful for any person interested to complain to plaints made the commissioners of supply of any county or to the magistrates with regard to of any burgh under the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts, to than statement effech that any particular set forth in any entry in the valua-of value in tion roll for such county or burgh, as the case may be, other than valuation rolls. t,Le yearly rent or value of the lands and heritages to which such entry refers, has been set forth erroneously therein; and such complaint shall be made and disposed of in the same maimer and subject to the same conditions and provisions (except in regard to the right of requiring a case to be stated) in and under which complaints that such yearly rent or value has been stated by the assessor in such valuation roll at other than the just and true amount thereof may be made and disposed of.

Where asses- 7. In the case of persons entitled to appeal against valuations sore not offers made by assessors undei the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts, venue!case may w^° are n°h officers of Inland Revenue appointed under the second be demanded recited Act, it shall be lawful for such person appealing, or for for opinion of such assessor, if he shall apprehend the determination of the com-Court of68 ° niissioners of supply in any county, or the magistrates of any Session. burgh, upon such appeal as to the yearly rent or value of the lands and heritages to which such appeal relates, to be contrary to the true intent of the said Acts, and shall then declare himself dissatisfied with such determination, to require the said commissioners or magistrates to state specially and to sign the case upon which the question arose, setting forth the facts proved, together with the determination thereupon, and to transmit such case to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, to the end that the same may be submitted to any two judges in the Court of Session, who shall be named for that purpose from time to time by A.ct of Sederunt of the said court, for their opinion thereon; and such judges to whom such case may be submitted, shall with all convenient speed, give and subscribe their opinion thereon, and, according to such opinion, the valuation or assessment which shall have been the cause of the appeal shall be altered or confirmed.

The cases under this section, and also under the recited Acts, may be disposed of by the judges in time of session or vacation, and in court or at chambers, and after hearing parties or not, at their discretion.

221

1879. Valuation of Lands (S.) Amendment Act, 1879. Ch. 42,43.

8. Either party to any appeal or complaint to the commis- Evidence to be sioners of supply of any county, or the magistrates of any burgh,

under the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts, may, at the hearing ifarneqJ^ng of such appeal or complaint, require the evidence to be taken in shorthand writing at his expense, and in that event such evidence shall be taken accordingly.

9. In stating any case, the commissioners of supply of any Case to set county, or the magistrates of any burgh, as the case may be, shall,

in addition to the particulars now required to be stated, set forth '

the grounds of appeal or complaint, and the replies thereto in such terms as shall be submitted to them by the parties within ten days after the determination appealed against; and a certified copy of any evidence taken as aforesaid shall be submitted, along with the case, to the said judges who may, if they think fit to do so, remit the case to the commissioners or magistrates by whom it was stated, with such instructions as the said judges may consider necessary for having the case more fully stated.

10. Where the day for holding the annual statutory meeting of ?urtheI^Itera*

.1 . . / . , o i± i tions ofdarof

the commissioners oi supply or any county has been altered under annual sta-

the provisions of the Commissioners of Supply Meetings (Scotland) tutory meetings

Act, 1865, it shall be lawful again, and from time to time, to alter

such day, as nearly as may be in the manner and subject to the supply.

provisions and to the effect set forth in the said Act. 28 & 29 Vict,

c. 38.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to create and issue Capital Stock in the United Kingdom in exchange for so much of the Annuity created under the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879, and thereby made chargeable on the Revenues of India as may be purchased by the Secretary of State under that Act. [11th August 1879.]

WHEREAS by a Bill now before Parliament for an Act the short

title of which is the East Indian Railway Company Purchase 42 & 43 Vict. Act, 1879, provision is proposed to be made for transferring to and c- CCVI'. vesting in the Secretary of State in Council of India, herein-after called the Secretary of State, the undertaking of the East Indian Railway Company, herein-after called the Company, and all other the property of the Company, save and except as therein mentioned, and for the creation of an annuity of one million four hundred and seventy-three thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds to be charged on the revenues of India, and to be paid to the Company as therein mentioned for the purpose of being distributed among the proprietors of stock of the Company:$

And whereas by the said Bill (section forty-six) it is proposed to be enacted that the Secretary of State may purchase by agreement, from any proprietor of stock of the Company, the amount of annuity to which such proprietor is entitled, or any portion thereof, paying in exchange for the same as thereby provided, to any such pro-

1

222 Oh. ,43. JV. Indian Ba^a@(jRedefaptfon of Annuities)v 42 & 43

prietor oon ^the regiateriit'London^India Four per Centum Stock, apfi to any such, proprietor on th^tegisterat Calcutta, India-Foi^ perOerituin Stock ojc. Four per Centum Rupee Debt in India, at the respective rates therein specified, subject to the proviso that no such purchase shall be made by means of India Four per Centum Stock unless the Secretary of State shall be authorised by Parlia. ment to create and issue such stock for the purpose:$

And whereas with the view of - providing for the extinguishment of so much of the public debt of India as may be so created and issued for that purpose, provision is proposed to be made by the said Bill (section fifty-one) for the creation of a sinking fund to be applied by the Secretary of State, in such maimer and at such time or times as he shall think fit, in reduction of the public debt of India, created under the authority of Parliament. And it is pm posed to be enacted that any stock or securities that may be canceled or redeemed for the purposes of such reduction shall not be reissued without the authority of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that the Secretary of State should be 42 & 43 Vict authorised to create and issue capital stock for the purposes of the c. ccvi. , East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: come\nto* 1* This Act shall only come into operation in case the East Indian

operation. Railway Company Purchase Act shall pass into law.

Power to the 2. The Secretary of State may create and issue so much capital

taOOT^io?tate stock, bearing interest at the rate of four per centum per annum,M MdUeuea^ch may be required for the purpose of ?.pompleting any purchase of mayte^uired purchases authorised by the East Indian Railway Company Jar-rortfeipurposes chase Act, 1879$ of any portion or portions of the said annuijiy of

o. ccvi. ' one million four hundred and seventy-three thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds, created under the authority of that' Act.

As to terms of 3. Any capital stock created under this Act may be issued-on of pa ^en^off. suc^ torms as may be determined by the Secretary of State,1'and ' may bear interest during such period and he paid off at par at such time as the Secretary of State may prescribe.

Transfer books 4. In case of the'creation and issue of any capital stock under

sto^tobeital Act there shall he kept, either at the office of the Secretaryo| kept. State in London or at the Bank of England, books wherein entries

shall be made of the said capital stock, and wherein all assignments or transfers of the same, op any part thereof, sfyall be entered end registered and shall be signed by the party or parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such party or parties be absent,!# his, her, or their attorney or- formes thereunto lawfully authorised by -writing under his, her, or their hands and seals to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and the person or persons to whom such transfer or transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof, and no other rpode of assigning 0^ transferring the said capital stock, or any part| thereof, or any. interest therein, shall be good and available nin. law; and no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them.

l0;EastM<U(m Railway (Redemption of Annuities). Ch. 43,44. 223

g, Upon or for the payment off or repayment of any principal Power to raise money secured under this Act, the Secretary of State may at any time borrow or raise by the creation and issue of capital stock, principal bearing interest at such rate per centum per annum as the Secre- money, tary of State may think fit, all or any part of the amount of principal money required to be paid off or repaid, and so from time to time as all of any part of the principal m'oney secured under this Act may require to be repaid, but the amount to be charged upon the mvenues of India shall not in any case exceed the principal money required to be paid off or repaid: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall authorise the Secretary of State to re-issue any capital stock or securities which may, by the operation of the said pBIng fund, be cancelled or redeemed in reduction, of the public debt of India created under the authority of Parliament.

6; All capital stock to be issued under this Act, and the interest Capital stock thereOn, shall be charged bn and payable' out of the revenues of India in/like manner as other liabilities incurred on account of the reven^of0" government of India. fat pi I *d , * India.

.7. The half-yearly returns to Parliament of loans raised in England Half-yearly rechargeable upon the revenues of India shall include the amount of £^c(^loans the sinking fund created by the Secretary of State under the East ehiMagfond Indian Railway1 Company Purchase Act, 1879, and the application under

thereof, l . ... 48 *4® Vict.

8ii This Act shall not-prejudice or affect any power of raising or CCV1‘, borrowing .inoney vested in' the Secretary of State at !the time of tagjnyrerB' passing thereof.

9. Any capital stock created under this Act shall be deemed to Stock created be. Easti India.' Stock within the Act twenty-second and twenty- deemed East third Victoria,--chapter thirty-five, section thirty-two, unless and India Stock, untifi Parliament shall otherwise provide; and any capital stock 22 & 23 Vict

under tlds Act shall be deemed to be and shall mean India c- stock .Within the Act of the twenty-sixth and twonty-seventh 26 & 27 Vict. Victoria; chapiter seventy-three, anything in the said last-mentioned 7S-Act to themontrary notwithstanding.

10. The iprovisions contained in the third section of the Act of. 33 & 34 Vict.

% thirty-third and thirty^fourth Victoria, chapter- ninety-three,

sad all ;bther er&ctments in 4hei said Act relating!!©, or affecting capital stock such, provisions shall be extended and be applicable to any capital created under stock, created under this Act. - 4 - . . Act>

CHAPTER 44.

An Act; to make provision in regard to the office of Lord Clerk Register of Scotland, and for other purposes.

1 [11th August 1879.]

BE.lt enacted by, the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and , w'ifcb the advice and consent of the Lords .Spiritual and Tem-pwaf and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows;: ! jffij Repeal of

1.. Section twenty-six of the LandRegisters (Scotland) Act, 1868, ®*c^.23620 Vict hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act no c 64 "

Status, &c. of Lord Clerk Register.

Lord Clerk Register to be Keeper of the Signet.

Lord Clerk Register's duties at elec-

£24 Oii. 44. Lord ClerkRegisteT* (Scotland) Act, 1879.' 42 & 43

salary or emoluments shall be attached to the office of Lord CW Register of Scotland.

2. The Lord Clerk Register shall continue to he one of the office of state of Scotland, and shall have the same status and precede^ as heretofore; hut, save as herein provided, no rights, authorities I privileges, or duties shall he attached to the office of Lord Clerk Register.

3. The Lord Clerk Register shall as heretofore he Keeper of the Signet, and shall continue to have all the rights, authorities, prfvi. leges, and duties belonging to the office of such keeper, including I the right of appointing a deputy keeper and the officers in the Signet Office.

4. The Lord Clerk Register shall continue to have all the rights, authorities, privileges, and duties heretofore belonging to or exercised

. by the Lord Clerk Register at or in connexion with the election^ sentative peers, representative peers of Scotland: Provided that in the event of a I ' vacancy in the office of Lord Clerk Register, or in his absence from any cause, the Deputy Clerk Register shall have and may exercise the said rights, authorities, privileges, and duties, any statute or I Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

5. Upon the death or resignation of William Pitt Dundas, Esquire, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, her heirs and successors; to appoint a Deputy Clerk Register of Scotland, who shall be an Advocate of the Scottish Bar of not less than ten years standing, j and who shall have a salary of one thousand two hundred; pounds by the year, payable out of moneys voted by Parliament.

6. The Deputy Clerk Register shall have, Save as otherwise provided, the whole rights, authorities, privileges, and duties in regard to the public registers, records, and rolls of Scotland, and the keepers and other officers thereof* heretofore vested in the Lord Clerk Register, and shall exercise and discharge the same personally, giving regular attendance during the usual business hours.for that purpose in Her Majesty's General Register House, in Edinburgh

Any reports, acts, or things required to be made or donejxxffin relation to the Lord Clerk Register by or under any Act of Pari®" ment, law, Or custom, shall, save in so far as otherwise provided by this Act, be made or done to or in relation to the Deputy Clerk Register.

7. The Deputy Clerk Register shall, without special appointing R^gUterYohold or additional salary, hold the office, with all the powers and duties office of Regis- thereto belonging, of Registrar General of Births, Deaths, and

of Marriages in Scotland.

Treasury to ap- making dir nominating to or approving flU

pointtooffices pointments to any offices now vested in. the Lord Clerk 'RegistS'-in Register of or Registrar. General of Scotland, or Director of Chancery, and ® Sasmes, &c. appointing and removing deputies, assistants, clerks, and such other officers as may be necessary in the General Register of Sasmes the General Register df Hornings,.-Inhibitions,' and Adjudicate? shall hereafter be vested>- in the Commissioners of Her Majesty Treasury.

Provided that from and after the passing of this Act the Keep* of the General Register of Sasines and the General Register Hornings, Inhibitions, and Adjudications shall be relieved df

Appointment and salary of Deputy Clerk Register.

Duties of Deputy Clerk Register.

Deputy Clerk

225

F 1870.;. i i Lord Clerk Register (Scotland) Act, 1879. Cfl. 44, 45.

r responsibility in respect of neglects, omissions, errors, or breaches of duty in the registration of writs in the said registers other than such as may in law attach to him in respect of neglects, omissions, errors, hr breaches of duty in his own person or by his own default I I or direction.

llhe Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall have power tio fix the salaries and emoluments attached to any of the offices I aforesaid, and, with the consent of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to regulate any of the said offices, and to change the designations thereof and the duties of officers employed therein, and the terms on which appointments shall be made thereto. |

9. Ml appointments hereafter made to any of the offices afore- Superannua-said shall entitle the holders thereof to superannuation upon such tion of officers.

I conditions as the Commissioners, of Her Majesty's Treasury, having

regard to the Superannuation Act, 1859, shall prescribe: Provided, 22 Vict c. 26. that it shall be lawful to the said Commissioners if, and so far as they see fit, to grant superannuations to the holders of such offices before the passing of this Act, although they may not have obtained I certificates from the Civil Service Commissioners.

10. Wherever under the present law and practice an order may Orders for probe made by any court or judge upon the Lord Clerk Register for

the production or exhibition of any writ or document in public ^ts in public custody, such .order may hereafter be made upon the Deputy. Clerk custody. Register.

11. Ml .minutes and regulations made in pursuance of this Act Minutes, &c. to shall be .laid before Parliament within one month after they are

made, ^Parliament be then sitting, and if Parliament be not then sitting, within one month after the beginning. of the then next session of Parliament.

12. Ip respect of his long service as Deputy Clerk Register, and Retiring allow-his special service as the first holder of the; office of Registrar

General of Scotland, in organising the system of registering births, ' deaths, and marriages in Scotland, it shall be lawful to the Commissioners 'of Her Majesty's Treasury to grant to William Pitt Dundas, Esquire, a retiring allowance not exceeding the salary now payable to him under, the Act passed in the session of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-five, in respect of the said conjoined offices of Deputy Clerk Register and Registrar General of Scotland.

13. Tins Act may-be cited for all purposes as the Lord Clerk Short title. Register (Scotland) Act, 1879.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to authorise the issue of a sum out of the Consolidated Fund by way of loan to the Secretary of State for India. Jv.-~ [11th August 1879.]

V^BEREAS the exigencies ‘of the public service in India render !:it expedient:‘to grant a temporary advance out of the Con-Sofiflated Fuu,d of jthe United Kingdom to the Government of India:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,

V and with the adviqe and .consent of the Lords Spiritual and [No. 15. 2d] P

Short title. Temporary advance of 2,000,000l. ont of Consolidated Fond to Government of India.

Issue of advances and application of sums repaid.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 46.

Accounts to be laid before the House of Commons.

Definitions.

Ch. 45, 46. Indian Ad/va/nce Act, 1879. 42 & 43

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled am by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be cited as the Indian Advance Act, 1879.

2. The Treasury may advance during the current financial to the Government of India any sum or sums not exceeding in whole two million pounds.

Every such advance shall be repaid by the Government of India, with interest at the rate of three per cent., in the manner provided in the schedule hereto, but the interest so received shall be repaid j to the Government of India.

3. Every advance under this Act, and all interest repaid to tie 1 Government of India, shall be charged on and issued out of tie Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

Every sum repaid in respect of an advance under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer, and a sum or sums equivalent thereto shall, not later than the end of the quarter of the financial yea next after such payment, be charged on and issued out of tie Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, and paid to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and applied by them as part of the new sinking fund under the Sinking Fund Act, 1875.

4. An account of all receipts, payments, and transactions under this Act in every financial year shall be made up in such form and audited by the Comptroller and Auditor General in such manner as the Treasury from time to time direct, and shall be laid before the House of Commons within three months after the end of to said financial year.

5. In this Act, unless the context otherwise require,

The expression " Treasury It means the Commissioners of Hff Majesty's Treasury:

The expression " Government of India " means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in the Council of India:

The expression " Comptroller and Auditor General " means to Comptroller General of the Exchequer and Auditor General <# Public Accounts, and includes in his absence his deputy:

The expression " financial year " means the twelve months enduf on the thirty-first day of March.

SCHEDULE.

In the financial year 1880-1 - 290,000

In each of the six succeeding financial years - 285,000

exclusive of interest, and at such time or times as may be agreed 0 between the Treasury and the Government of India.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to re# certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purp°fi connected therewith. [11th August 18W

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited times s0®10 of the Acts herein-after specified, and to repeal others:

227

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Acts specified in the first schedule annexed hereto shall Schedule l. be repealed on and after the dates specified in each instance.

2. The Acts specified in the second schedule annexed hereto Schedule 2. shall expire at the time in that behalf mentioned in the Annual 416* 42 Vict* Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1878.

3. The Acts specified in the third schedule annexed hereto shall Schedule s. continue in force until the dates specified in each instance, and no

longer,

4. The Act specified in the first and second columns of the Schedule 4. fourth schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the

third column thereof, as from the date specified in the fourth column thereof, be subject to the modifications specified in the fifth column thereof, and shall, to the same extent, as so modified, continue in force until the date specified in the sixth column thereof, and no longer.

5. The Acts specified in the fifth schedule annexed hereto shall Schedule 5. continue in force until the first day of November one thousand

eight hundred and eighty, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

6. Such provisions, if any, of the said Acts mentioned in the Continuance of said schedules as are not affected by the preceding sections, and a!! otlJer Tarn-

/ 1 O' ThlkP Anffl

all other Acts now in force for regulating, making, amending, or F repairing any turnpike road which will expire at or before the end of the next session of Parliament, shall continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides; but this section shall not affect any Act continued to a specified date and no longer.

7. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

8. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Annual Turn- Short title, pike Acts Continuance Act, 1879.

SCHEDULES. SCHEDULES 1 to 4.

County.

Dorset -

Gloucester

D&ncaster

Sen

01*mouth

loerset

Name of Trust.

Backwater Bridge and Road Harnham, Blandford, and Dorchester Cirencester -Manchester and Bury, New Road Manchester, Oldham, and Austerlands Prestwich, Bury, and Radcliffe -Ridghill, Lanes, and Holehouse -Abercarn -

Langport, Somerton, and Castle Cary

No. of Schedule. No. of Act.

ft 1 7

1 3

£ 1 1

_ 3 12

3 11

_ 3 14

3 13

, _ 1 2

PHI 2 5

228 Ch. 46. AnnualTurnpikeActsContinuanceActA^d. 42&43Vtet

County. Name of Trust. 1 No. of Schedule. No. of a,

Stafford Newcastle-under-Lyme and Leek ... 2 4

Streetway, Wordsley Green, Wolverhampton, and Cannock. 3 9

Tamworth ... 3 10

Wilts - Swindon, Caine, and Cricklade, Third District - 2 8

Swindon and Christian Malford, or First District 2 8

York - 1 Selby and Market Weighton ... 2 6

Worksop and Attercliffe ... - 4 15

Schedule i. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to be repealed on and after the dates specified in each instance,

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

25 Vict. c. xiii.

Limited to expire at end of session after 1 November 1883.

29 & 30 Vict. c. cxii. -Limited to expire at end of session after 1 November 1881.

29 & 30 Vict. c. cxxiii. limited to expire at end of session after 3 July 1881.

1. An Act to create a further term in the Cirencester district of turnpih roads, to repeal, amend, and extend the 'powers of the Act relating to the said roads, and for other purposes, which shall be repealed mat after the 1st of November 1879.

2. An Act to extend the term and amend the provisions of the Ad relating to the Abercarn turnpike roads; which shall be repetlda and after the 1st of January 1880.

3. An Act for the Harnham, Blandford, and Dorchester turnpike road,h the counties of Wilts and Dorset; which shall be repealed on the 1st of November 1879.

Schedule 2. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to expire at the date (1st November 1879) mentioned in 41 & 42 Vict. c. 62.

Date of Act.

20 & 21 Vict. c. lv. -20 & 21 Vict. c. Ivi.

20 & 21 Vict. c. lxv.

20 & 21 Vict. c. ci.

29 & 30 Vict. c. cxviii.

Title of Act.

4. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Newcastle-under-Lyme Leek turnpike roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

5. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of I

Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effect® repairing and improving certain roads leading to, through, and vr the towns of Langport, Somerton, and Castle Cary, in the couotjjj Somerset,' and for making and improving other roads in the dj county, and granting more effectual powers in lieu thereof, making and improving new lines of road.

6. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Selby and Market Weig% turnpike road, in the East Riding of the county of York; and to®1® other provisions in lieu thereof.

7. An Act for making a bridge across the River Backwater new 'U

mouth, and a turnpike road and other works in connexion there®1 in the county of Dorset; and for other purposes. u

8. An Act to extend the term and amend the provisions of relating to the roads leading from Swindon to Christian Bridge, from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the direction po1 / Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Cricklade in the com Wilts.

229

Annual Turnpike Acts Gontinumce Act, 1879. Ch. 46.

THIRD SCHEDULE. Schedule 3.

, ^hich 816 con^nue force until the dates specified in each instance,

and no longer.

\Vrn* d*c> ft '

1 Win. 4. c. xliii.

16 & 17 Vict. c. cii.

1? Vict. c. xxxvi.

20 & 21 Vict. c. evii.

Title of Act.

9. An Act for improving and maintaining certain roads in the counties of Worcester, "Warwick, Stafford, and Salop, called "The Dudley, Bir- mingham, Wolverhampton, and Streetway District; " which, so far as the same relates to the Streetway and Wordsley Green and Wolverhampton and Cannock Roads, shall continue in force until the lsf of November 1882, and no longer.

10. An Act for maintaining several roads leading to and from the town of Tamworth, in the counties of Stafford and Warwick, which shall continue in force until the lsf of November 1882, and no longer.

11. An Act for more effectually amending the roads from Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, through Oldham, to Austerlands, in the county of York, and from Oldham to Ashton-under-Lyne, and from Oldham to . Rochdale, and other roads, and for making and maintaining newlines to communicate therewith, all in the said county of Lancaster; which shall continue in force until the lsf of November 1880, and no longer.

12. An Act to repeal an Act for making and maintaining a road from the top of Hunt's Bank, in the town of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, to join the Manchester and Bury turnpike road in Pilkington, in the same county, and to substitute other provisions in lieu thereof; which shall continue in force until the lsf of November 1880, and no longer.

13. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Ridghill and Lanes and Holehouseturnpike road, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof; which shall continue in force until the lsf of November 1881, and no

longer.

14. An Act for repairing the roads from Prestwich to Bury and Radcliffe, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining as turnpike certain other roads in connexion therewith, all in the same county, and for other purposes; which shall continue in force until the lsf of November 1880, and no longer.

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Schedule 4.

Act which is to continue in force until the date specified, and no longer, subject

to modifications.

1. 2. 8. 4. 5. 6.

D*kof Act. Title of Act. Sxtent to which Act is modified and continued. Date from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications. late up to which Continuation is enacted.

20 & 21 Vict! e,;*cix. 15. An Act for the Worksop and Attercliffe turnpike road in the county of Nottingham, and the West Riding of the county of York, The entire Act - , 1 November ! 1879. The portions of road within the borough of Sheffield and the Handsworth urban sanitary district to cease to belong to the Trust. Amount expended on the repair of 1 the road not to exceed 150?. per annum. Salaries limited to 50/. per annum. No interest payable. 1 25th of March 1881 and no longer. 1

Schedules. FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until the 1st November 1880, and ,

unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides. %

County. Name of Trust.

PART I.

Cornwall -Chester Derby Hants Lancaster - N orthumberland-Anglesey - Hayle Bridge Causeway - Stockport and Warrington and Washway, United - Derby and Burton-upon-Trent - Southampton, South District - Blackburn and Walton Cop- - Rochdale and Burnley - Elsdon and Reedwater ... Beaumaris and Menai'Bridge ...

PART II.

Devon Gloucester Surrey - r Great Torrington -Huntley Roads -Horsham and Dorking _ m

3 5 7 2

4

9

10 8

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

58 G. 3. c. xxxvi.

I & 2 G. 4. c. xciii. 4 G. 4. c. xv.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. xcv.

9 G. 4. c. xxxiii.

II G. 4. c. lxxxv.

7 W. 4. c. ii.

7 W. 4. c. vi.

19 & 20 Vict. c. lxvi.

1. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from tin west end of the town of Burton-upon-Trent, in the county of Stafford, through the said town, to the southend of the town of Derby into county of Derby.

2. An Act to continue the term and alter and amend the powers | ! two Acts for repairing the road from Elsdon High Cross, near the tow of Elsdon, in the county of Northumberland, to the Red Swyrenpoi the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

3. An Act for repairing and improving the roads from the town of Stock-bridge to the city of Winchester, and from the said city of Winchester to the top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the town of Bishop's W tham in the county of Southampton, and from the said city of Winchester through Otterborne to the Bar Gate in the town and countyd the town of Southampton, and certain roads adjoining thereto; soft as the same relates to the south district of the Southampton Road,

3a. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the road from Crossford Bridge, in the county palatine of Lancaster, t1 2 3 4 5 6 7 * Altrincham, in the county palatine of Chester.

4. An Act for making and maintaining a road from the town of Beaunaf* to join the London and Holyhead Post Road at or near to the Men11 Bridge, all in the county of Anglesey.

5. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from Blackburn t° Walton Cop, within Walton-in-le-Dale, in the county of Lancaster-

6. An Act for maintaining the Causeway and turnpike road from Grigg* Quay, in the parish of Uny Lelant, over Hayle river and satidsM through Hayle Foundry, in the county of Cornwall, and for extenW the said turnpike road from the western end of the said Cause*! towards Penzance.

7. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the road ft®

the town of Rochdale to near Hand Bridge, near the town of Burw and other roads communicating therewith, and for making and taining other roads also to communicate therewith, all in the

palatine of Lancaster. 0;

7a. An Act for more effectually repairing certain roads in the coun^i

Chester, of which the short title is " Stockport and Warrington * Act, 1856."

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

2i & 22 Vict. c. xlix.

28 Vict. c. lxxx.

29 & 30 Vict. c. c.

8. An Act for repairing and maintaining the road from Horsham, in the county of Sussex, through Dorking and Leatberhead to Epsom, in the county of Surrey, and from Capel to Stone Street at Ockley, in the said county of Surrey.

9. An Act for more effectually maintaining and repairing several roads adjoining or near to the town of Great Torrington, in the county of Devon; and for new powers; and for other purposes.

10. An Act to continue the Huntley, Mitcheldean, and Elton Turnpike Roads Trust, in the counties of Gloucester and Hereford; and for other purposes.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to continue and amend the Petroleum Act, 1871.

[11th August 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1, This Act may be cited as the Petroleum Act, 1879. Short title, and

This Act shall be construed as one with the Petroleum Act, ^rtuction 1871, and together with that Act may be cited as the Petroleum 34 & 35 Vict. Acts, 1871 and 1879. f io»-

2. Whereas by the Petroleum Act, 1871, it is enacted that the Alteration of term " petroleum to which this Act applies " means such of the 3g petroleum defined by that Act as, when tested in manner set forth c> log in Schedule One to that Act, gives off an inflammable vapour at a temperature of less than one hundred degrees of Fahrenheit's thermometer, and it is expedient to alter the said test: Be it therefore enacted that —

In the Petroleum Act, 1871, the term "petroleum to which this 34 & 35 Vict. Act applies " shall mean such of the petroleum defined by section three of that Act as, when tested in manner set forth in Schedule One to this Act, gives off an inflammable vapour at a temperature of less than seventy-three degrees of Fahrenheit's thermometer.

Every reference in the Petroleum Act, 1871, to Schedule One 34 & 35 Vict. to that Act shall be construed to refer to Schedule One to this Act. c‘ 105‘

3. A model of the apparatus for testing petroleum, as described Verification of in Schedule One to this Act, shall be deposited with the Board oftest aPParatus-Trade, and the Board of Trade shall, on payment of such fee, not exceeding five shillings, as they from time to time prescribe, cause to be compared with such model and verified every apparatus constructed in accordance with Schedule One to this Act which is submitted to them for the purpose, and if the same is found correct shall stamp the same with a mark approved of by the Board and notified in the London Gazette.

An apparatus for testing petroleum purporting to be stamped with the said mark shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been verified by the Board of Trade.

All fees under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

232 Ch. 47.

Petroleum Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yIC[

Continuance of 34 & 35 Vict. c. 105. Commencement of Act.

Repeal of part of 34 & 35 Vict. c. 105.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 105.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 105.

4. The Petroleum Act, 1871, shall continue in force until otherwise directed by Parliament.

5. This Act shall come into operation on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

6. The Petroleum Act, 1871, shall be repealed after the com. meneement of this Act to the extent in the third column of th> Second Schedule to this Act mentioned.

Provided that any sample of petroleum taken before the com. meneement of this Act shall be tested in manner Set forth in Schedule One to the Petroleum Act, 1871, and any offence committed before the commencement of this Act shall be prosecuted, and any investigation, legal proceeding, or remedy in relation to such offence, or to any act done before the commencement of this Act, shall be instituted, carried on, and have effect as if the pro. visions of this Act, other than those continuing the Petroleum Act, 1871, had not been passed.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Mode of testing Petroleum so as to ascertain the Temperature at

WHICH IT WILL GIVE OFF INFLAMMABLE VAPOUR.

Specification op the Test Apparatus.

The following is a description of the details of the apparatus:$

The oil cup consists of a cylindrical vessel 2" diameter, 2^" height (internal), with | outward projecting rim wide, f" from the top, and 1|- from the bottom of the cup,

It is made of gun metal or brass (17 B.W.G.) tinned inside. A bracket, consisting of > short stout piece of wire bent upwards and terminating in a point, is fixed to the inside of i the cup to serve as a gauge. The distance of the point from the bottom of the cup is I51, The cup is provided with a close-fitting overlapping cover made of brass (22 B.W.G.), ' which carries the thermometer and test lamp. The latter is suspended from two support from the side by means of trunnions upon which it may be made to oscillate, it is profile! with a spout, the mouth of which is one-sixteenth of an inch in diameter. The socket which is to hold the thermometer is fixed at such an angle and its length is so adjusted | that the bulb of the thermometer when inserted to its full depth shall be 1^" below the centre of the lid.

The cover is provided with three square holes, one in the centre, -fa" by and two smaller ones, b7 A" close to the sides and opposite' each other. These three holes may be closed and uncovered by means of a slide moving in grooves, and having perforations corresponding to those on the lid.

In moving the slide so as to uncover the -holes, the oscillating lamp is caught by a pin fixed in the slide, and tilted in such a way as to bring the end of the spout just helow the surface of the lid. Upon the slide being pushed back so as to cover the holes, the lafflp returns to its original position.

Upon the cover, in front of and in line with the mouth of the lamp, is fixed a v# bead, the dimensions of which represent the size of the test flame to be used.

The bath or heated vessel consists of two flat-bottomed copper cylinders (24 B.W.G.)i an inner one of 3" diameter and 2|" height, and an outer one of diameter and 5| height; they are soldered to a circular copper plate (20 B.W.G.) perforated in the centre, which forms the top of the bath, in such a manner as to enclose the space between tk® two cylinders, but leaving access to the inner cylinder. The top of the bath project8 both outwards and inwards about §-"; that is, its diameter is about -f" greater than tb^ of the body of the bath, while the diameter of the circular opening in the centre is aboid the same amount less than that of the inner copper cylinder. To the inner projection0; the top is fastened, by six small screws, a flat ring of ebonite, the screws being si®" below the surface of the ebonite, to avoid metallic contact between the bath and the0'

Petroleum Act, 1879. Ch. 47. 233

cnp. The exact distance between the sides and bottom of the bath and of the oil lamp jjone-balf of an inch. A split socket similar to that on the cover of the oil cup, but ggt at a right angle, allows a thermometer to be inserted into the space between the two cylinders. The bath is further provided with a funnel, an overflow pipe, and two loop handles.

The bath rests upon a cast-iron tripod stand, to the ring of which is attached a copper cylinder or jacket (24 B.W.G.) flanged at the top, and of such dimensions that the bath, while firmly resting on the iron ring, just touches with its projecting top the in ward-turned flange. The diameter of this outer jacket is 6^". One of the three legs of the stand serves as support for the spirit lamp attached to it by means of a small swing bracket. The distance of the wick holder from the bottom of the bath is 1".

Two thermometers are provided with the apparatus, the one for ascertaining the temperature of the bath, the other for determining the flashing point. The thermometer for ascertaining the temperature of the water has a long bulb and a space at the top. Its range is from about 90° to 190° Fahrenheit. The scale (in degrees of Fahrenheit) is marked on an ivory back fastened to the tube in the usual way. It is fitted with a metal collar, fitting the socket, and the part of the tube helow the scale should have a length of about 3^" measured from the lower end of the scale to the end of the bulb. The thermo-meterfor ascertaining the temperature of the oil is fitted with collar and ivory scale in a similar manner to the one described. It has a round bulb, a space at the top, and ranges from about 55° F. to 150° F.; it measures from end of ivory back to bulb 2£".

Note. — A model apparatus is deposited at the Weights and Measures Department of | the Board of Trade.

Directions for applying the Flashing Test.

1. The test apparatus is to be placed for use in a position .where it is not exposed to currents of air or draughts.

2. The heating vessel or water bath is filled by pouring water into the funnel until it begins to flow out at the spout of the vessel. The temperature of the water at the commencement of the test is to be 130° Fahrenheit, and this is attained in the first instance either by mixing hot and cold water in the bath, or in a vessel from which the bath is filled, until the thermometer which is provided for testing the temperature of the water gives the- proper indication; or by heating the water with the spirit lamp (which is attached to the stand of the apparatus) until the required temperature is indicated.

If the water has been heated too highly, it is easily reduced to 130° by pouring in cold water little by little (to replace a portion of the warm water) until the thermometer gives the proper reading.

When a test has been completed, this water bath is again raised to 1306 by placing the lamp underneath, and the result is readily obtained while the petroleum cup is being emptied, cooled, and refilled-with a fresh sample to be tested. The lamp is then turned ouits swivel from under the apparatus, and the next test is proceeded with.

3. The test lamp is prepared for use by fitting it with a piece of flat plaited candlewick, and filling it with colza or rape oil up to the lower edge of the opening of the spout or wick tube. The lamp is trimmed so that when lighted it gives a flame of about 0-15 of an inch diameter, and this size of flame which is represented by the projecting white bead an the cover of the oil cup is readily maintained by simple manipulation from time to lime with a small wire trimmer.

When gas is available it may be conveniently used in place of the little oil lamp, and for this purpose a test-flame arrangement for use with gas may be substituted for the lamp.

4. The bath having been raised to the proper temperature, the oil to be tested is intro-Inced into the petroleum cup, being poured in slowly until the level of the liquid just 'caches the point of the gauge which is fixed in the cup. In warm weather the temperature of the room in which the samples to be tested have been kept should he observed in the Hmt instance, and if it exceeds 65° the samples to be tested should he cooled down (to about 60°) by immersing the bottles containing them in cold water, or by any other con-'cnient method. The lid of the cup, with the slide closed, is then put on, and the cup is placed into the bath or heating vessel. The thermometer in the lid of the cup has been pasted so as to have its bulb just immersed in the liquid, and its position is not under

turn

1

234 Ch. 47, 48. Petroleum Act, 1879. 42&43y

any circumstances to be altered. When the cup has been placed in the proper the scale of the thermometer faces the operator. J

5. The test lamp is then placed in position upon the lid of the cup, the lead v pendulum, which has been fixed in a convenient position in front of the operator, j,\ motion, and the rise of the thermometer in the petroleum cup is watched. 'WuS temperature has reached about 66° the operation of testing is to be commenced, tk1 flame being applied once for every rise of one degree, in the following manner^ The slide is slowly drawn open while the pendulum performs three oscillations . closed during the fourth oscillation.

Note). — If it is desired to employ the test apparatus to determine the flashing jp,j, oils of very low volatility, the mode of proceeding is to be modified as follows The air-chamber which surrounds the cup is filled with cold water, to a depth of i inches, and the heating vessel or water bath is filled as usual, but also with cold mJ The lamp is then placed under the apparatus and kept there during the entire operafi If a very heavy oil is being dealt with, the operation may be commenced with Z) previously heated to 120°, instead of with cold water.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Act bepealed.

Tear and Chapter, i Title. Extent of Repeal.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 105. - The Petroleum Act, 1871 - Section three, from " and the tm petroleum to which this Act a. plies " inclusive to the end of fc section. Section eighteen.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Powers of School j Boards in relation to Industrial Schools.

[11th August 18W

WHEREAS under the Elementary Education. Acts, 1870 1873, and the Elementary Education Act, 1876, *& schw* board have power, with the consent of one of Her Majesty's Wfj cipal Secretaries of State, to establish, build, and maintain ind®*f schools, and to spread the payment of the expense ,of such blishment and building .over a number of years not exceeding®'' and to borrow money for that purpose : * s

And whereas a school board, under the said Acts, have the

power as is given to a prison authority by section twelve*^! Industrial Schools Act, 1866, to contribute money toward* J alteration, enlargement, or rebuilding of an industrial sch°°7 towards the establishment or building of ah industrial scho0'

, wards the purchase of land required for the use, or for the an industrial school: u

And whereas under the Reformatory and Industrial Sch0®*?^ Amendment Act, , 1872, section twelve, of the Industrial $ Act, 1866, is extended to authorise the prison authority theD^t to undertake anything towards which they are authorised section to contribute r .

And whereas doubts have arisen whether a school hoard power to undertake themselves anything towards which the;

of®

29 & 30 Vict. 6, 118. 8. 12.

85 & 36 Vict. e. 21.

29.& §0 . Vict. c. 118. b. 12.

235

l$J9. Elementary Education (Industrial Schools) Act, 1879. Ch. 48.

authorised as above mentioned to. contribute or have power to spread the payment of the amount of any such contribution or of the cost of any such undertaking over a number of years, and to borrow money for that purpose, and it is expedient to remove such floubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by aa3 with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and .Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Elementary Education (Industrial Short title. Schools) Act, 1879.

This Act and the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, dad the 'Elementary Education Act, 1870; may be cited together »*40Vk^&7a as the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to l079.

2.. A school board shall have power themselves to undertake any Extension to thing towards which they are authorised by the Industrial Schools le^viotcm , Act, '1866, as applied by the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, and the Elementary Education-Act, 1876, or any of them, 89ft4ovict. c.w. to contribute, subject Nevertheless to the like consent as is required in the case of any such contribution.

3. Where a school board revive to contribute any sum of Power of money towards, or to, undertake the cost of the alteration, enlarge- to

* ment, ori^ifebuilding, but not of the furnishing of an industrial contribution school, ;or the establishment or building, but not of the furnishing towards, or of a school intended to be an industrial school, or the purchase of lapd required either for the use of an existing industrial school, or larging, &c., for the site, of a school intended to be an industrial school* such industrial school, board, with the consent of one of Her Majesty's Principal 80 00' Secretaries of State, shall have/the same power of spreading the payment ,of the sums so contributed, or of the cost of such undertaking, over a number of years, and of borrowing money .for that purpose, as. they have in the case where they .resolve to establish an industrial school; and. the provisions of the Elementary Education 33 & soviet. 0.75. Acts, 1870 and 1873, and the Elementary Education Act, 1876, and Soviet! c.ra.' tePubhc .Works Loans Act, 1876; shall apply accordingly-/-. , -i,. - . 88A89 Vict. c.89. /.opor the, purposes of this Act an industrial school'means a certified s dfidustrial school and a certified day industrial school.

Where a child is ordered upon complaint made by a-school power of attendance committee to be sent to a certified industrial school, guardians to the council, guardians, or sanitary authority appointing such com- m^manceof mittee shall have, On the recommendation of the committee, thechiid in indus-same power of > contributing toward the maintenance of such child trial school, in. the- said school as-rif- they .were a. school .choSrd, and the contribution by such guardians shall require the like consent as is inquired under .section., .thirty-one of the Elementary Education 39 & 40 Vict.

Act, 1§76, to any other expense incurred i by a schoolj attendance c. 79. e. si. committee. £[

The expenses of any such contribution , shall be paid in like mannar as., the expenses -of the school attendance committee/ on whose recommendation the, contribution iB made, are paid in pursuance of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, S9&40 Vict.

236 Ch. 49. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43 !

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Summary Jurisdiction of Magistrates. [11th August 1879.1 I

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and I Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Summary Juris- I diction Act, 1879. hEPActatl°n 2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

Commence 3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January

ment of Act. one thousand eight hundred and eighty (which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act):

Provided that at any time after the passing of this Act any rules may be made, and any act or thing necessary or proper for bringing this Act into operation at the commencement thereof may be done, so that such rules, act, or thing take effect only upon the said commencement.

PART I.

Court of Summary Jurisdiction.

Mitigation of 4. Subject as in this Act mentioned, and notwithstanding any b^court?111 enactment to the contrary, where a court of summary jurisdiction , has authority under this Act, or under any other Act, whether past or future, to impose imprisonment or to impose a fine foran offence punishable on summary conviction, that court may, in the ease of imprisonment, impose the same without hard labour, and reduce the prescribed period thereof; or do either of such acts; and in the case of a fine, if it be imposed as in respect of a first offence, may reduce the prescribed amount thereof.

And where in the case either of imprisonment or a fine there is prescribed a requirement for the offender to enter into his recognizance and to find sureties for keeping the peace, and observing some other condition, or to do any of such things> the court may dispense with any such" requirement or any part thereof.

And where a court of summary jurisdiction has authority under an Act of Parliament other than this Act, whether past or future, to impose imprisonment for an offence punishable on summary conviction, and has not. authority to impose a fine for that offence, that court when adjudicating on such offence may, notwithstanding, if the cOilrt think that the justice of the case will be better met by a fine than by imprisonment, impose a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds, and not being of such an amount as will subject the offender under the ^provisions of this Act, in default of payment of the fine, to any greater term of imprisonment than that to which be is liable under the. Act authorising the said imprisonment.

Scale of im- 5. The period of imprisonment imposed by a court of. summary pnsonment for jurisdiction under this Act, or under any other. Act, whether pastor JSBff future, in respect of th^nonpay ment of Any sum of money adjudged

I to be paid by a Conviction, or in respect of the default ox * sufficient distress to satisfy any such sum, shall, notwithstanding

237

1879.

Summary Jv/nsdicbion Act, 1879.

Cfl. 49.

The said period shall not exceed Seven days.

Fourteen days.

- One month.

Two months. Three months.

any enactment to the contrary in any past Act, be such period as in the opinion of the court will satisfy the justice of the case, but shall not exceed in any case the maximum fixed by the following scale; that is to say,

Where the amount of the sum or sums of money adjudged to be paid by a conviction, as ascertained by the conviction,

Dbes not exceed ten shillings Exceeds ten shillings but does not exceed one W pound -1

Exceeds one pound but does not exceed five I |'r pounds -

Exceeds five pounds but does not exceed I Sp twenty pounds

- Exceeds twenty pounds -1

And such imprisonment shall be without hard labour, except where hard labour is authorised by the Act on which the conviction is founded, in which case the imprisonment may, if the court thinks the justice of the case requires it, be with hard labour, so that the term of hard labour awarded do not exceed the term authorised by the said Act.

6. Where under any Act, whether past or future, a sum of money claimed to be due is recoverable on complaint to a court of summary Jurisdiction, and not on information, such sum shall be deemed to be a civibdebty and if recovered before a court of summary jurisdiction, shall be recovered in the manner in which a stun declared by this Act1 to be a civil debt recoverable summarily is recoverable flhder'this Act, and not otherwise; and the payment of any costs ordered to bb paid by the complainant or defendant in the case of any such* complaint shall be enforced in like manner as such civil . debt, and not' otherwise.

' 7. A .court of summary jurisdiction, by whose conviction or order any sum fi-adjudged to be paid, may do all or any of the following things; namely,

(I.)-Allow1 time for the payment of the said sum; and (2;)rBir0ct payment to be made of the said sum by instalments; and

V"(3:) Direct that the person liable to pay; the said sum shall be at 1 ‘ liberty to give to the satisfaction of that court, or of such v 'Other Court of summary jurisdiction, or such person as may be Specified by that court, security withv of Without a surety or sureties for the payment Of the said sum or. of Any instalment thereof, and Such security may be given and enforced in manner provided by this Act.

' Where a sutfr iS directed to be paid by'instalments and default is made in the payment of any one instalment, the same proceedings may be taken as if default had been made in payment of all the instalments then remaining unpaid.

A court of summary jurisdiction directing the payment of a sum or of an instalment of a sum may direct such payment to be made at such time; or times, and in such place or places, and to such person or persons; as maybe specified by the court; and every person to whom any such sum or instalment is paid, where not the clerk of

Sum recoverable by summary order to be recoverable as a civil debt.

Payment by instalments of or security taken for payment of money.

238

Provision as to costs in the case of small fin os.

Enforcing of recognizances by court of summary jurisdiction.

Os. 49. Bvmmmy JwimdicbioYk Act, 1879. 42 & 43

the court of summary jurisdiction, shall as soon as may he account for and pay Over the same to that clerk.

8. Where a fine adjudged by a conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction to be paid does not exceed five shillings, then, except so far as the court may think fit to expressly order otherwise, an order shall not be made for payment by the defendant to the informant of any costs; and the court shall, except so far as they think fit to expressly order otherwise, direct all fees payable or paid by the informant to be remitted or repaid to him; the court may also order the fine or any part thereof to be paid to the informant in or towards the payment of his costs.

9. (1.) Where a recognizance is conditioned for, the appearance of a person before a court of summary jurisdiction, or for his doing some ot)ier matter or thing to be done in, to, or before a court of summary jurisdiction, or in a proceeding in a court of summary jurisdiction, such court, if the said recognizance appears to the court to be forfeited, may declare the recognizance to be forfeited, and enforce payment of the sum due under such recognizance in the same manner as if the sum were a fine adjudged by such court to be paid which the statute provides no means of enforcing, and were ascertained by a conviction:

Provided that at any time before the sale of goods under a warrant of distress for the said sum, the said court of summary jurisdiction, of any other court of summary jurisdiction for the same county, borough, or place, may cancel or mitigate the forfeiture, upon lie person liable applying, and giving security to the satisfaction of the. court for the future performance of the condition of the recognizance, and paying or giving security for payment of the costs incurred in respegt of the forfeiture, or upon such other conditjojtf as the court may think just.

(2.) Where a recognizance conditioned to keep the peace on to be of good behaviour, or not to do or commit some act or thing, has been entered into by any person as principal or surety before^ court of summary jurisdiction, that court or any other court of summary jurisdiction acting for the same county, borough, or place, upon proof of the conviction of the person bound he principal by such recognizance of any offence which is in law a breach of the condition of the same, may by conviction adjudge such recognizance to be forfeited, and adjudge the persons bound thereby, whether as principal or sureties, or any of, such persons, to pay the suras for which they are respectively bound.

(3.) Except where a person seeking to put in force a recognizance to keep the peace or to be of good behaviour, by notice in writing, requires such recognizance to be transmitted to a court of general or quarter sessions, the recognizances to which this section applies shall be dealt rwith ip; manner in; this , section, mentioned, and, nob withstanding any enactment tOj.^h&j^ontr^ry, sfyall noli,^brans' mitted,'nor. shall the; forfeiture thereof be, certified, tq general or quarter sessions.,(L , ,

*£*(4.) All sums paid ip. respect, of a recognizance declared or adju<jg$ by a court of summary jurisdiction in; pursuance of this. section to be forfeited shall be paid po the clerk of such .court, and, .shall'b6

239

1879*: Swn/rmr'i} Jv/ri&Mcd/ion Ad, 18*79. Ch. 49.

paid aid applied by him in the manner in which fines imposed by gneh court, in respect of which fines no special appropriation is made, are payable and applicable.

10. (1.) Where a child is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction with any indictable offence other than homicide, the court, they think it expedient so to;do, and if the parent or guardian of the child so charged, when informed by the court of. his right to have the child tried by a jury, does not object to the child being dealt with summarily, may deal summarily with the offence, and inflict the same description of punishment as might have been inflicted had the case been tried on indictment: it .Provided that —

A .sentence of penal servitude shall not be passed, but imprisonment shall be substituted therefor; and JtWhere imprisonment is awarded, the term shall not in any * case exceed one month; and ,t< > Where a fine is awarded, the 'amount shall not in any case

d'riexceed forty shillings; and "(d.) When the child is a male the court may, either in addition - to or instead of any other punishment, adjudge the child to be, as soon as practicable, privately whipped with not more than six strokes of a birch rod by a constable, in i lithe presence of an inspector or other officer, of police of ftjM^irhigher rank than a constable, and also in the presence, if sbo he desires to be present, of the parent or guardian of the Tjdchild.

(2.); For the purpose of a proceeding under this section, the court of summary jurisdiction, at any time during the hearing of the case atwhiebthey; become satisfied by the evidence that it is expedient to deal .with).the case summarily, shall cause the charge to be reduced into writing and read to the parent or guardian of the child, and then address a question to such parent or guardian to the following effect* "Do you desire the childi;o be tried by a jury, and object " to the case being dealt with summarily ? " with a statement, if the court think Such statement desirable for the information of such patent or guardian, of the meaning of > the case being dealt with summarily, and of the assizes: on sessions (as. the case may be) at which the child will be tried if tried by a jury.

(3^Where the parent ^iguardian ofauChiffijm not present when the child is -charged with an indictable offence before a court of summary jurisdiction, the court may, if they think it just .so to do, remand the child for the purpose of causing notice to be served on such parent of guardian, with a view so far as is practicable of securing his attendance at the hearing of the charge, or the court may, if they think it expedient so to do, deal with the case summarily.

(4.) This section shall not prejudice the right of a court of summary jurisdiction to send a child to a: reformatory or industrial school.

(5i) This section shall not render punishable for an offence any child who is not,* in the opinion of the ,xjourt before whom he is charged, above the age of seven years and of sufficient capacity to commit crime.

Summary trial of children for indictable offences, unless objected to by parent or guardian.

240 Ch. 49. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43 1

Summary trial 11. (1.) Where a young person is charged before a co|| with consent of summary jurisdiction with any indictable offence specified in rSr°nS hrst column of the First Schedule to this Act, the court, if tu offenders). think it expedient _so to do, having regard to the character antecedents of the person charged, the nature of the offence, audaj the circumstances of the case, and if the young person charged y| the offence, when informed by the court of his right to be tried j by a jury, consents to be dealt with summarily, may deal summarily with the offence, and in their discretion adjudge such person,if fomjj guilty of the offence, either to pay a fine not exceeding ten pound* or to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding three months; and if the young person is a male, and, in I the opinion of the court, under the age of fourteen years, the court, if they think it expedient so to do, may, either in substitution for or iu addition to any other punishment under this Act, adjudge such young person to be, as soon as practicable, privately whipped I with not more than twelve strokes of a birch rod by a constable, in I the presence of an inspector or other officer of police of higher rank than a constable, and also in the presence, if he desires to be present of the parent or guardian of such young person.

(2.) For the purpose of a proceeding under this section, the court, at any time during the hearing of the case at which they become satisfied by the evidence that it is expedient to deal with the case summarily, shall cause the charge to be reduced into* writing and read to the young person charged, and then address a question to him to the following effect: " Do you desire to be tried .by a jury,

" or do you consent to the case being dealt with summarily ?" jvi& a statement, if the court think such statement desirable: for the information of the young person to whom the question is addressed, of the meaning of the case being dealt with summarily, and of toe assizes or sessions (as the case may be) at which he will be triedif tried by a jury.

. (3.) This section shall not prejudice the right of a court of sum-

mary jurisdiction to. send a young person to a reformatory or ffl industrial school.

Summary trial 12. Where a person who is an adult is charged before a court of T"t^c®nsent summary jurisdiction with any indictable offence specified in tho second column of the. First Schedule to this Act,- the court, if tbof . think it expedient so to do, having regard to the character and antecedents of the person charged, the nature of the offence, all the circumstances of the case, and ifi the person charged will1 the offence, when informed by the court of his right to be tried by a jury, consents to be dealt with summarily, may dealrsunua^i with the offence, and adjudge such person, if found guilty of offence, to be-imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any t®15 not exceeding three months, or to pay a fine not exceeding tfe$ pounds;* & - > fetm*

For the purpose? of a proceeding under this section, the -court f any time during the bearing of the case at which they become saw5'

fieri - by the evidence that it is expedient, to deal with;'the summarily, shall cause the; charge to the. reduced into,writing41! read to the persofi charged, and then address a question to hin*^ the following effect : " Do you desire to be tried by a jury* 011®

2g79. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1870. Ch. 49. 241

« you . consent to the case being dealt with summarily ? " with a statement, if the court think such statement desirable for the information of the person to whom the question is addressed, of the moaning of the case being dealt with summarily, and of the assizes or sessions (as the case may be) at which he will be tried if tried by a jury.

13, (1.) Where a person who is an adult is charged before a Summary con-court of summary jurisdiction with an indictable offence which is specified in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act, and * ° is not comprised in the second column of that schedule, and the court at any time during the hearing of the case become satisfied that th& evidence is sufficient to put the person charged on his trial for the said offence, and further are satisfied (either after such a remand as is provided by this Act or otherwise) that the case is one which, having regard to the character and antecedents of the person charged, the nature of the offence, and all the circumstances of the case, may properly be dealt with summarily, and may be adequately punished by virtue of the powers of this Act, then the court shall cause the charge to be reduced into writing and read to the person charged, and shall then ask him whether be is guilty or not of the charge; and if such person says that he is guilty, the court shall thereupon cause a plea of guilty to be entered, and adjudge him to be imprisoned, with or without hard labouiyfor any term not exceeding six months.

(2.) The court, before asking, in pursuance of this section, the person charged whether he is guilty or not, shall explain to him that he is not obliged to plead or answer, and that if he pleads guilty be will be dealt with summarily, and that if he does not plead 0£, answer, or pleads not guilty, he will be dealt with in the usual course; with a statement, if the court thinks such statement. desirable fqr the . information of the person to whom the question is addressed, of the meaning of the case being dealt with 'summarily or ,in the usual course, and of the assizes or sessions (ad the case may be) at' which such person will be tried if tried by a jury.

The court shall further state to such person to the effect that he is not obliged to say anything unless he desires to do ho, but that whatever he says will be taken down in writing, and may be given in evidence against him upon, his trial, and shall give him clearly to, understand that he has nothing to hope from any promise of &vour, and nothing to fear from any threat which may have been held out to him to induce him to make any admission or confession of his guilt, "but .that whatever he then says may be given in evidence against him upon his trial, notwithstanding such promise or threat.

, (3.) If the - prisoner ,‘does not plead guilty, whatever he says in answer shall be taken down in writing and read over to him, and signed by a justice constituting hr forming part of the court, and kept with the. depositions of the fitnesses, and transmitted with them in ,manner required; by law, and afterwards upon the trial of the prisoner may^ifi necessary,.be given in evidence against him Without further; proof thereof, unless it is proved that the-justice purporting to have signed the same -did not in fact sign the same.

Q

242

Ch. 49. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43 w

Restriction'on 14. Where a person who is an adult is charged before a court of summary deal- summary jurisdiction with any indictable offence specified in a ctogedwfth4 First Schedule to this Act, and it appears to the court that the indictable offence is one which, owing to a previous conviction on indictment

offence. of the person so charged, is punishable by law with penal servitude

the court shall not deal with the case summarily in pursuance of this Act.

Restriction on 15. A child on summary conviction for an offence punishable on ehMhrTum- summary conviction under this Act, or under any other Act, whether mary offence, past or future, shall not be imprisoned for a longer period than one month, nor fined a larger sum than forty shillings.

Power of court ig. If upon the hearing of a charge for an offence punishable on cused^thout0" summary conviction under this Act, or under any other Act, punishment, whether past or future, the court of summary jurisdiction think that though the charge is proved the offence was in the particular case of so trifling a nature that it is inexpedient to inflict any punishment, or any other than a nominal punishment, —

(1.) The court, without proceeding to conviction, may dismiss the information, and, if the court think fit, may order the person charged to pay such damages, not exceeding forty shillings, and such costs of the proceeding, or either of them, as the court think reasonable; or,

(2.) The court upon convicting the person charged may discharge him conditionally on his giving security, with or without sureties, to appear for sentence when called upon, or to he of good behaviour, and either without payment of damages and costs, or subject to the payment of such damages anil costs, or either of them, as the court think reasonable: Provided that this section shall not apply to an adult convicted in pursuance of this Act of an offence of which he has pleaded guilty, and of which he could not, if he had not pleaded guilty, be convicted by a court of summary jurisdiction.

Right to claim 17. (1.) A person when charged before a court of summary juris-cale1 o/offences diction with an offence, in respect of the commission of which an otherwise offender is liable on summary conviction to be imprisoned for a

triable sum- term exceeding three months, and which is not an assault, may,

on appearing before the court and before the charge is gone into but not afterwards, claim to be tried by a jury, and thereupon the court of summary jurisdiction shall deal with the case in all respects as if the accused were charged with an indictable offence and not with an offence punishable on summary conviction, and the offence shall as respects the person so charged be deemed to be an indict* able offence, and, if the person so charged is committed for t» or bailed to appear for trial, shall be prosecuted accordingly, the expenses of the prosecution shall be payable as in cases of felon/' (2.) A court of summary jurisdiction, before the charge is go®6 into in respect of an offence to which this section applies, for the purpose of informing, the defendant of his right to be tried by * jury in pursuance of this section, shall address him to the follow| effect: "You are charged with an offence in respect of the cofl^ " mission of which you are entitled, if you desire it, instead ® " being dealt with summarily, to be tried by a jury; do you " to be tried by a jury ? " with a statement, if the court think

243

1879. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. Ch. 49.

statement desirable for the information of the person to whom the question is addressed, of the meaning of being dealt with summarily, and of the assizes or sessions (as the case may be) at which such person will be tried if tried by a jury.

(3.) This section shall not apply to the case of a child unless the parent or guardian of the child is present; but the court shall ascertain whether the parent or guardian of the child is present, and if he is, shall address the above question to such parent or guardian, and the claim under this section may be made by such parent or guardian.

18. A court of summary jurisdiction shall not, by cumulative imprisonment sentences of imprisonment (other than for default of finding sureties) cumuiative

to take effect in succession in respect of several assaults committed sentences net on the same occasion, impose on any person imprisonment for the t°xe*c0ee<L whole exceeding six months.

19. Where, in pursuance of any Act, whether past or future, any Appeal from

person is adjudged by a conviction or order of a court of summary con'

jurisdiction to be imprisoned without the option of a fine, either as general or

a punishment for an offence, or, save as herein-after mentioned, for quarter failing to do or to abstain from doing any act or thing required sess,ons-to be done or left undone, and such person is not otherwise authorised to appeal to a court of general or quarter sessions, and did not plead guilty, or admit the truth of the information or complaint, he may, notwithstanding anything in the said Act, appeal to a court of general or quarter sessions against such conviction or order:$

Provided that this section shall not apply where the imprisonment is adjudged for failure to comply with an order for the payment of money, for the finding of sureties, for the entering into any recognizance, or for the giving of any security.

20. (1.) A case arising under this Act, or under any other Act, Court of sum-

whether past or future, shall not be heard, tried, determined, or ary iudic' adjudged by a court of summary jurisdiction, except when sitting petty srasional in Open court. or occasional

(2.) Open court means a petty sessional court-house or an occa- ^)urt*hoiIse> rional court-house.

(3.) A petty sessional court-house means a court-house or other place at which justices are accustomed to assemble for holding special or petty sessions, or which is for the time being appointed as a substitute for such court-house or place; and where the justices are accustomed to assemble for either special or petty sessions at more than one court-house or place in a petty sessional division, means any such court-house or place.

(4.) An occasional court-house means such police station or other place as is appointed (as herein-after provided) to be used as an occasional court-house.

(5.) The justices of a petty sessional division of a county shall from time to time, at a sessions of which notice has been given to every justice of such division, appoint police stations or other places ether than the petty sessional court-house, to be used as occasional court-houses, at which cases may be heard, tried, determined, and ^judged, and they may from time to time at such a sessions as aforesaid varv any police station or place so appointed, and shall muse public notice to be given in such manner as they think

244 Ch. 49. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43 I

expedient of every police station or place for the time be' appointed to be used as an occasional court-house. *

(6.) A court of summary jurisdiction consisting of two or n0 justices when sitting in a petty sessional court-house is in this JU referred to as a petty sessional court.

(7.) Where a case arising under this Act, or under any otL Act, whether past or future, is heard tried determined and adjudge I by a court of summary jurisdiction sitting in an occasional co^ house, the period of imprisonment imposed by the conviction order of such court shall not exceed fourteen days, and the sum adjudged to be paid by the conviction or order of such court shall not exceed twenty shillings; and a justice of the peace when sitting alone in a petty sessional court-house shall not have power to impose any greater term of imprisonment or adjudge any larger sum to be I paid than is above mentioned.

(8.) An indictable offence dealt with summarily in pursuance ot I this Act shall not be heard tried determined or adjudged except by a petty sessional court sitting on some day appointed for hearing I indictable offences, of which public notice has been given in such manner as to the justices of the petty sessional division seem expedient, or at some adjournment of such court.

(9.) Any case arising under this Act, other than such indictable offence as aforesaid, and any case arising under any future Act which is triable by a court of summary jurisdiction, shall, unless it | is otherwise prescribed, be heard tried determined and adjudged bj a court of summary jurisdiction consisting of two or more justices,

(10.) The Lord Mayor of the City of London, and any alderman of the said city, and any metropolitan or borough police magistrate or other stipendiary magistrate, when sitting in a court-house ot place at which he is authorised by law to do alone any act authorised to be done by more than one justice of the peace, shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be a court of summary jurisdiction consisting of two or more justices, and also to be a court of summary jurisdiction sitting in a petty sessional court-house, and is in this Act included in the expression " petty sessional court."

(11.) A court of summary jurisdiction, when not a petty sessional court, may, without prejudice to any other power of adjournment which the court may possess, adjourn the hearing of any case to the next practicable sitting of a petty sessional court in the saine manner in all respects as a justice is authorised to adjourn the hearing 11 & 12 Vict. of a case under section sixteen of the Summary Jurisdiction M *43- 1848.

Special pro- 21. (1.) A court of summary jurisdiction to whom application'*

wanantTof0 made either to issue a warrant of distress for any sum adjudge®

commitment to be paid by a conviction or order, or to issue a warrant i° for nonpay- committing a person to prison for nonpayment of a sum of m0lie' oTmone * adjudged to be paid by a conviction, or in the case of a sum no*1* as to warrants civil debt by an order, or for default of sufficient distress to saW of distress. any such sum, may, if the court deem it expedient so to do, postp0®6 the issue of such warrant until such time and on such condit10^ if any, as to the court may seem just.

(2.) The wearing apparel and bedding of a person and his fa®1..' and, to the value of five pounds, the tools and implements of 1

245

1879. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. Ch. 49.

trade, shall not be taken under a distress issued by a court of summary jurisdiction.

(3.) Where a person is adjudged by the conviction of a court of summary jurisdiction, or in the case of a sum not a civil debt by an order of such court, to pay any sum of money, and on default of payment of such sum a warrant of distress is authorised to be issued, and it appears to the court of summary jurisdiction to whom application is made to issue such warrant that such person has no goods whereon to levy the distress, or that in the event of a warrant of distress being issued his goods will be insufficient to satisfy the money payable by him, or that the levy of the distress will be more injurious to him or his family than imprisonment, such court, instead of issuing such warrant of distress, may, if it think fit, order the said person on nonpayment of the said sum to be imprisoned for any period not exceeding the period for which he is liable under such conviction or order to be imprisoned in default of sufficient distress.

(4.) Where on application to a court of summary jurisdiction to issue a warrant for committing a person to prison for nonpayment of a sum adjudged to be paid by a conviction of any court of summary jurisdiction, or in the case of a sum not a civil debt by an order of such court, or for default of sufficient distress to satisfy any such sum, it appears to the court to whom the application is made that either by payment of part of the said sum, whether in the shape of instalments or otherwise, or by the net proceeds of the distress, the amount of the sum so adjudged has been reduced to such an extent that the unsatisfied balance, if it had constituted the original amount adjudged to be paid by the conviction or order, would have subjected the defendant to a maximum term of imprisonment less than the term of imprisonment to which he is liable under such conviction or order, the court shall, by its warrant of commitment, revoke the term of imprisonment, and order the defendant to be imprisoned for a term not exceeding such less maximum term, instead of for the term originally mentioned in the conviction or order.

Supplemental Provisions.

22. (1.) The clerk of every court of summary jurisdiction shall Register of keep a register of the minutes or memorandums of all the convictions and orders of such court, and of such other proceedings as are diction, directed by a rule under this Act to be registered, and shall keep the same with such particulars and in such form as may be from time to time directed by a rule under this Act.

(2.) Such register, and also any extract from such register certified by the clerk of the court keeping the same to be a true extract, shall be prima facie evidence of the matters entered therein for the purpose of informing a court of summary jurisdiction acting for the same county borough or place as the court whose convictions orders and proceedings are entered in the register; but nothing in this section shall dispense with the legal proof of a previous conviction for an offence when required to be proved against a person charged with another offence.

(3.) The register kept by any particular clerk, in pursuance of this section, may be distinguished by the name of his petty sessional

246 Ch. 49. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43

division, or by such name or description as may be directed ft] role under this Act.

(4.) The entries relating to each minute memorandum'or pI0. ceeding shall be either entered or signed by the justice or one of the justices constituting the court by or before whom the conviction a order or proceeding referred to in the minute or memorandum was made or had; except that when a court of summary jurisdiction* not a petty sessional court a return signed as aforesaid, and made and entered in the register in manner provided by a rule under this Act, shall suffice.

1 (5.) Every sum paid to the clerk of a court of summary jurisdictioa in accordance with the Summary Jurisdiction Acts,'and the appro, priation of such sum, shall be entered and authenticated in such manner as may be from time to time directed by a rule under this Act.

(6.) Every such register shall he open for inspection, without fee or reward, by any justice of the peace, or by any person authorised in that behalf by a justice of the peace or by a Secretary of State Regulations as 23. (1.) A person shall give' security under this Act, whether as takeTk^ur principal or surety, either by the deposit of money with the clerk raumafAek of the court, or by an oral or written acknowledgment of the undertaking or condition by which and of the sum for which he-is bound, in such manner and form as may be for the time being directed by any rule made in pursuance of this Act, and evidenced such security may be provided by entry thereof in the register under this Act of proceedings of a court of summary jurisdiction Of otherwise as may be directed by such rule.

- (2») Any sum which may become due in pursuance of a security under this Act from a surety shall be recoverable summarily;^ manner directed by this Act with respect to a civil debt, on com* plaint by a constable or by the olerk of the court directing such security to be given, or by some other person authorised lor the purpose by that court or any other court of summary jurisdiction fe the same county borough or place.

(3.) A court of summary, jurisdiction may enforce payment of any sum due by a principal in ‘ pursuance of a1 security under this Act which appears to such court to be forfeited, in like manner as if that sum: were adjudged by a court of summary jurisdiction to he paid as a fine, which: the statute. provides no mode of enforcing, if the security was given for a sum adjudged by a conviction, and in any other case in like manner as if it' were a sum adjudged by a court of summary jurisdiction to be paid as a civil debt; provided that before a warrant of distress for the sum is issued, such notice of the forfeiture shall be served on the said principal, and in such manner as may be directed for the time being by rules under this Act, and subject thereto by the court authorising the security, or by any court to whom application is made for the issue of the warrant.

| <(4v) Any sum paid; by a surety on behalf of his principal in respect of a security under this Act, together with; all costs chaise and expenses incurred by such surety in respect of that security; shall be deemed a civil debt due to him from the principal, an® may be recovered before *a> court of summary jurisdiction in manner

187ft > Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

Ch. 49.

247

(jirected by this Act with respect to the recovery of a civil debt hieh ia> recoverable summarily.

Where security is given under this Act for payment of a sum of money, the payment of such sum shall be enforced by means of such security in substitution for other means of enforcing such

24. (T.) Where a person is charged before a court of summary Power of court Jurisdiction with an indictable offence, with which a court of

J . . t .. , , t , .. , . junsaicuon to

summary jurisdiction has or may have under the circumstances in remand for

(his Act Mentioned power to deal summarily, the court before whom

such person is charged, without prejudice to aniy other power that it 0 ence8‘

may possess, —

;(o.) tttaypfoi the purpose of ascertaining whether it is expedient to* deal with the case summarily, either before or during the hearing of the case, from time to time adjourn the case and remand the person accused; and (&) if stuch' court is not at the time of the charge a petty sessional Court, and-the court think the Case proper to be dealt i With summarily, may adjourn the case and remand the ‘ person accused until the next practicable sitting of a petty WB-Sfessional court.

person may be remanded under this section in like manner in ali'rO&pects as a person accused of an indictable office may be fSmanded under seJction twenty-one -of the. Act of 'the session of the eleventh and* twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fdfty-two, intituled " An Act'te-faCilitate the peiformance of n & 12 Vict.

" the duties*of justices of :the peace out1'of sessions within England °-42-<!l«ad Wales With respect to persons charged with indictable <t9o#nces," with this‘addition, that where%e ::fe remanded to the next ''practicable' hitting ' of a petty sessidnal' coui^t he may be remanded for more than eight days.

25. The power of a' COlirt-of summary jurisdiction, upon complaint Procedure be-of-any person, to_-adjudge a person- to enter into a recognisance and fore conrt.of. filid'&tireties to keep the peace-or to be Of good behaviour towards dictionease such first-mehtioned- Shnll ex^reisOd by an order upon of sureties to

complaint, and the' Summary Jurisdictio'n Acts shall apply accord- peace,

ingly, and1 the complainant' and ^defendant and witnesses may be sailed and examined and cross-examined,' and the complainant and defendant Shall be subject to' costs; as in the case of any other complaint.

The court may order the defendant, in default' Of; compliance with the "order, to bO-teuprisoned fOrn period not exceeding, if the codrt be a* pettytessional corrrti six months, aMl if the court be a court of summary jluisdiction 'other than a petty sessional court, fourteen days.

'26. Where a person has been" committed to prison by a court of Power of petty suuftnaiy jurisdiction ‘for default ih finding safeties/ any petty ^"respectro sessional; cotfi& for the same eoimty bofough or placemay/onappli- varying order cation made to them in manner directed by a rule made in pursuance for sureties, of this Act, by him or by* some one . iacting on his behalf, inquire into the case of the person so concunitted, and if upon new evidence produced to such court or proof, of a change of circumstances the court1'think, having regard to all the circumstances of the case,

248 CJh. 49. Symmetry Jurisdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vici( I

that. it| iB> just so to, do, they may reduce the amount for which it I is proposed the sureties or surety should be bound, or dispense with I the sureties or*surety; or /otherwise deal with the case as the court I may think just.

Regulations as 27. Where an indictable offence is under the circumstances in I to indictable this Act mentioned authorised to be dealt with summarily

1 (1.) The procedure shall, until the court assume the power to I

marily. deal with such offence summarily, be the same in all I

respects as if the offence were to be dealt with throughout I as an indictable offence, but when and so soon as the court I assume the power to deal with such offence summarily, the I procedure ahn.11 be the same from and after that period I as if the offence were an offence punishable on summary I . conviction and not on indictment, and the provisions of I "the Acts relating to offences punishable on summary I conviction shall apply accordingly; and (2.) The evidence of any witness taken before the court assumed I the said power need not be taken again, but every such witness shall, if the defendant so require it, be recalled for I the purpose of cross-examination; and (3.) The conviction for any such offence shall be of the same effect as a conviction for the offence on indictment, and the court may make , the like order for the restitution of J , .property as might have been made by the court before up whom the person convicted would have been tried if he had been triedion indictment; and (4.) Where the court have assumed the power to deal with the case summarily, and dismiss the information, they shall, if required, deliver to the person charged a copy certified under their hands of - the order of such dismissal, and such dismissal shall be of the same effect as an acquittal on a trial on-.indictment for the offence; and [, (5.) The, conviction shall contain a statement either as to the plea | of guilty of an adult, or in the case of a child as to the consent or otherwise of his parent or guardian, and in the case of any other person of the consent of such person, to be tried by a court of summary jurisdiction^ (and || (6.) The, order ol dismissal shall be transmitted to and filed by the clerk of the peace iii like manner as the conviction B xi & 12 Vict. -; required by the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, to be

°* v .:j, , transmitted and; filed, and. together with the order. of dis-

missal or the conviction, as, the case may be, there shall be transmitted to and filed, by such clerk in each case the written charge,the depositions of . the . witnesses, and the statement, if any, of the accused.

Cost of pro- 28. Where an,indictable (o^ence .(l;he1.qxpenses of the prosecu-

indictable^ tlen.cti whisk- would otherwise havq.been payable out of the local offences dealt rate) is dealt with summarily in pursuance of this Act by a coed with sum- 'j--,of summary jurisdiction, the expenses, of the prosecution of. sjuch offence shall be payable in manner provided by tj^ig section.

The court dealing summarily with any such indictable offence may, if it seem fit, grant to any person who preferred the charge' ptv .appeared to j; prosecute or give evidence, a certificate oif;the

[ SI ~ £* Bwmary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. Ch. 49. 249

5 gfliouut of the compensation which the court may deem reasonable for hit expenses, trouble, and loss of time therein, subject, nevertheless to such regulations as may be from time to time made by a Secretary of State with respect to the payment of costs in the case of indictable offences; and the amount named in the certificate may include the fees payable to the clerk of the court of summary jurisdiction, and the fees payable to the clerk of the peace for filing the conviction depositions and other documents required to be filed by him under this Act, and such other expenses as are by law payable when incurred before a commitment for trial; and every certificate so granted shall have the effect of an order of court for the payment of the expenses of a prosecution for felony, made in pursuance o£ the Act of the seventh year of King George the Fourth,^chapter sixty-four, intituled "An Act for improving the 7 G. 4. c. 64. "administration of criminal justice in England," and the Acts amending the same, and the amount named in such certificate shall be paid in like manner as the expenses specified in such order would have been paid.

29i (1.) The Lord High: - Chancellor of Great Britain may from Power of the Hum to-time. make, and when made, rescind alter and add to, rules in relation to the following matters, or any of them; that is to say, rujes-'«MiThe.giying security under this Act; and i|(ftThe»- forms to.: be used under the (Summary Jurisdiction gujActs,. or any of them, including the forms of any recog-ia nizance mentioned in this Act; and MpiLpThe, costs and charges payable under distress warrants issued jagjby a court of summary jurisdiction; and iS<^fepting to the provisions of this Act and of the Summary n & 12 Vict. Wfeisdiction Act,. 1848, the procedure before courts ofc'43-j summary jurisdiction under any Act passed before the .

Bjusummary Jurisdiction Act, 1848; and *

(pBpgulating the form of the account to be rendered by clerks of courts of summary jurisdiction of fines fees and other sums, received by them, and providing for the discontinu-v ance,of any existing account rendered unnecessary by the -^aforesaid account; and Qfj) Any other matter in relation to which rules are authorised , : or, required to be made under or for the purpose of carry-v ing,into effect this Act.

The Ldr|i^,Chancellor may, in the exercise of the power given him by this section, annul alter, or add to any forms contained in the .Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, or any forms relating to 11 & 12 Vict. summary proceedings contained in any other Act °-43-

; ,i8A Aimrule purporting to be made in pursuance of this section shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after it is made,.if Parliament be then sitting, or if not then sitting, within one month after the commencement of the then next session of Parliament, and shall be judicially noticed.

30. Where the justices in general or quarter sessions assembled Power to or the council of any borough have authority to hire or otherwise Se^onafcomt-provide a fit and proper place for holding petty sessions of the house, peace, such justices or. council shall have power to provide a petty sessional court-house within the meaning of this. Act, by the pur-

260 Ch. 49. Summary Jv/nsdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43 1

nhnjaft or other acquisition of land and the erection of a proper buik I ing thereon; and all enactments relating to the provision of su^ I place and to the raising of the money for defraying the expeu^ I of the provision of such place shall apply accordingly.

PART'II.

Amendment of Procedure.

Procedure on 31. Where any person is authorised by this Act Or by any I appeal to gene- future Act to appeal from the conviction or order of a court of si®. I

ral or quarter . . .. ...IT . .. , . i l

sessions. mary jurisdiction to a court ot general or quarter sessions; he may

appeal to such court, subject to *the conditions and regulations

following i

(1.) The appeal shall be made to the prescribed court of general or quarter sessions, or if no court is prescribed, to the next practicable court of general or quarter sessions having 1 jurisdiction in the county borough or place for which the said court of summary jurisdiction acted, and holden not less than fifteen days after the day on which the decision was given upon which the conviction or order was founded; and (2.) The appellant shall, within the prescribed time,: dr if no ' ''time is prescribed within seven days after the'day on which the said -decision of the court was given, give ndtice of appeal by. serving on 'the other party and on the clerk of the said court of'summary jurisdiction notice in writing of his intention to ^appeal, and of the general grounds of such appeal .; and

(8.) ThP appellant; shall, within the prescribed time; or if ad ' ! tiinl1 id prescribed within? three days after the day on which he'gftve notice of abpeal, enter intd'h recognizance before a cOUrt of summary jurisdiction, with or without' U surety orbui;etiea aS that hottrt irilety-'direct, conditioned ip 'appear at thtiysdi&‘.sessions ahtd;to try such appeal, and to abide1 the judgment of the coUrt of appeal thereon, and to, pay such.L,cbsts hs; m!ay be awarded by the 'coUrt Of appeal, ori the ^appellant may, if the court of summary^ jurisdiction'before whom' thd appellant appears to enter into a recognizance think it expedient, instead of entering into a recognizance, giye such other security, bydeposit of iUoney with the clCrk of the court *of sum- mary jurisdiction ori otherwise, as that; Court deem sufficient; arid

(4.) Where the app'eU^nt id in custody, the'c6uk"*of summary jurisdiction before 'whom ^He U,pp!cllanf appears1 to eat® intd' a 'recognizance may,'If'the eburt think fit, bii'the appellant entering into such1 recognizance- ot giving such other security aS" aforpsrad/iteleasse front custbdy; 'and

I (5.) The court of' appeal may adjourn the hearing of tie appeal, and Upon the Hearing thefebf may Confirm, reverie, or / modify the decision of the ppurt of summary jurisdiction or HriirC the matter, with the opinion of the court of appeal thereon, to a court of summary jurisdiction acting

m

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

Ch. 49.

251

foffthe same county borough or place as the churt by whom the1 conviction or order appealed against was made, or may make such other order in the matter as Hie court of appeal may think just, and may by such order exercise , any power which the court of summary jurisdiction might n have exercised, and such order shall have the same effect, and may be enforced iff the same manner, as if it had been; made by the court of summary jurisdiction. The court 'Of appeal may also make such order as to costs to be a-- paid by either party as the court may think just; and p,)'.Whenever a decision is not confirmed by the court of appeal,

: the clerk of the peace shall seiid to the clerk of the court

e of summary jurisdiction from whose decision the appeal was made, for entry in his register, and also indorse , on s ;the conviction or order appealed against, a memorandum i .i-of the decision of the court of appeal, and whenever any; copy or'certificate of such conviction or order is made, a In1 copy of such memorandum shall be added thereto, and in shall be sufficient evidence, of the said decision in every 5; case where such copy or certificate would be sufficient * (evidence of such conviction or order; and Every notice inwriting required by this section to be given by an appellant shall be in writing signed by him, or by hisyagent on his behalf, and may be transmitted as a ^registered letter by the post in the ordinary way, and 'shall bh deemed to have been served at the time When it WOuld be' delivered tin! the ordinary course of the post

32. Where a person is authorised by any' past Act to appeal Application from the Conviction or order of a;court of summary jurisdiction te of protons a court of general or quarter sessions, he'may appeal to such court, p^toqnarter subject to the-Conditions and5 regulations contained in this Act with sessions to respect tojan ^peabfq a court of general or quarter session^: & gflj 8^P®a^cder %orided that'where any such appeal is. in accordance with the pnor ° '. conditions and regulations pres&ibed by the . Act authorising the appeal)-so far as the same is i.ujlrepe&led, such appeal shall not be deemed'invalid by reason only that it is not in accordance with thyOofiditions arid- regulations* contained: in this Act.

Where Any past Act, so far as unrepealed, prescribes that any appeal‘ from the'bonvietion or order of a court of summary jurisdiction shall be- made to the next court of general or'quarter sessions, such appeal ihay be made 16'the next practicable court tf general or quarter sessions having- jurisdiction in the county borough or jplace for which the court of summary jurisdiction acted, and held nO,t less'' than- fifteen days .after the, day on which the decision was gxven^upon which the conviction or order appealed against was founded.

33. (It) Any person .aggrieved who desires to question a convic- Appeal from tiolf, order,determination, or other proceeding of a court of summary jarisdiction, off the ground‘that it is erroneous in point of law, or tio7by gpecud wdff'excess -of jurisdiction, may iapply,lto the- court to state a case, special cash setting forth the facts -of the case and the grounds oiv which thff proceeding is questioned, and if the court decline to state'the case, may apply to the High Court of Justice for an order requiring the case to*fre stated.

252

38 & 39 Vict. c. 77.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 43.

Summary

orders.

Recovery of civil debts in court of summary jurisdiction.

Ch, 49. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43 I

(2.) The application shall be made and the case stated within sm, I time and in such manner as may be from time to time directed by riZ I under this Act, and the case shall be heard and determined in manne I prescribed by rules of court made in pursuance of the Supreme Court I of Judicature Act, 1875, and the Acts amending the same; and I subject as aforesaid, the Act of the session of the twentieth and I twenty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter forty. I three, intituled " An Act to improve the administration of the law " so far as respects summary proceedings before justices of the " peace," shall, so far as it is applicable, apply to any special case stated under this section, as if it were stated under that Act:

Provided that nothing in this section shall prejudice the statement of any special case under that Act.

34. (1.) .Where a power is given by any future Act to a court of summary jurisdiction of requiring any person to do or abstain from doing any act or thing other than the payment of money, or of requiring any act or thing to be done or left undone other than the payment of money, and no mode is prescribed of enforcing such requisition, the court may exercise such power by an order or orders, and may annex to any such order any conditions as to time or mode of action which the court may think just, and may suspend or rescind any such order on such undertaking being given or condition being performed as the court may think just, and generally may make such arrangement for carrying into effect such power as to the court seems meet.

(2.) A person making default in complying with an order of a court of summary jurisdiction in relation to any matter arising under any future Act other than the payment of money, shall he punished in the prescribed manner, or if no punishment is prescribed, may in the discretion of the court be ordered to pay a sum (to be enforced as a civil debt recoverable summarily under this Act) not exceeding one pound for every day during which he is in default, or to be imprisoned until be has remedied his default:

Provided that a person shall not, for non-compliance with the requisition of a court of summary jurisdiction, whether made by one or more orders, to do or abstain from doing any act or thing, he liable under this section to imprisonment for a period or periods amounting in the aggregate to more than two months, or to the payment of any7 sums exceeding in the aggregate twenty pounds.

35. Any sum declared by this Act, or by any future Act, to he a civil debt, which is recoverable summarily, or in respect of the recovery of which jurisdiction is given by such Act to a court of summary jurisdiction, shall be deemed to be a sum for payment of which a court of summary jurisdiction has authority by law to make an order on complaint in pursuance of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts: Provided as follows:$

(1.) A warrant shall not be issued for apprehending any person for failing to appear to answer any such complaint; and

(2.) An order made by a court of summary jurisdiction for the payment of any such civil debt as aforesaid or of any instalment thereof, or for the payment of any costs in the matter of any such complaint, whether ordered to he paid by the complainant or defendant, shall not, in default of distress or otherwise, be enforced by imprisonment, unless

0-

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

Ch. 49.

253

it be proved to the satisfaction of such court or of any other court of summary jurisdiction for the same county borough or place, that the person making default in payment of such civil debt instalment or costs either has, or has had since the date of the order, the means to pay the sum in respect of which he has made default, and has refused or neglected, or refuses or neglects, to pay the same, and in any such case the court shall have the same power of imprisonment as a county court would for the time being have under the Debtors Act, 1869, for default 32 & 33 Vict. of payment if such debt had been recovered in that court, e- 02-but shall not have any greater power.

Proof of the means of the person making default may be given in such manner as the court to whom application is made for the commitment to prison think just, and for the purposes of such proof the person making default and any witnesses may be summoned and examined on oath according to the rules for the time being in force under this Act in relation to the summoning and examination of witnesses, or if no such rules are in force, to the rules for the like purpose made in pursuance of the Employers and 38 & 39 Vict. Workmen Act, 1875. c- 90-

36. Where a court of summary jurisdiction for any county SummonBof borough or place would have power to issue a summons to a wit- witness when ness, if such witness were within the said county borough or place, auction of a*"8" and such witness is believed to be within some other county borough court of sum-or place in England, such court may issue a summons to such ary iuris-witness in like manner as if such witness were within the juris- 10 D' diction of such court; and any court of summary jurisdiction for the county borough or place in which the witness may be, or be believed to be, may, on proof on oath, or such solemn declaration as provided by this Act, of the signature to the summons, indorse the summons, and the witness, on service of the summons so indorsed and on payment or tender of a reasonable amount for his expenses, shall obey the summons, and in default shall be liable to be apprehended or otherwise proceeded against either in the county borough or place in which the summons was issued, or in that in winch the witness may happen to be, in manner directed by the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, as if such witness had been 11 & 12 Vict. duly summoned by a court of summary jurisdiction for the county c. 43. borough or place in which such witness is apprehended or proceeded

37. A warrant or summons issued by a justice of the peace Summons or

under the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, or any other Act, warrant not whether past or future, or otherwise, shall not be avoided by deathtf^ reason of the justice who signed the same dying or ceasing to hold justice, &c. office. 11 & 12 vict-

38. A person taken into custody for an offence without a warrant ^ajl of person shall be brought before a court of summary jurisdiction as soon as arrested with-practicable after he is so taken into custody, and if it is not or out a warrant, will not be practicable to bring him before a court of summary jurisdiction within twenty-four hours after he is so taken into

custody, a superintendent or inspector of police, or other officer of police of equal or superior rank, or in charge of any police station,

Ch. 49. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. ', 42 & 43 yIC» I

shall inquire into the case, and; except where the offence appears to such superintendent inspector or officer to be of a serious nature, shall discharge the prisoner, upon his entering into a recognizance with or without sureties, for a reasonable amount, to appear before some court of summary jurisdiction at the day time and place named in the recognizance.

39. The following enactments shall apply to proceedings before courts of summary jurisdiction; (that is to say,)

1. The description of any offence iin the words of the Act, or

any order, byelaw, regulation, or other document creating the offence, or in similar words, shall be sufficient in law; and

2. Any- exception, exemption, proviso, excuse, or qualification

whether it does or does not accompany in the same section the description of the offence in the Act, .orderybyelay, regulation, or other' document creating the offence, may to jrroved >by the defendant, but need not be specified :<# negatived in the information orccomplaint, and, if so specified or negatived, no proof in relation to the matter so specified or negatived shall be required on the part of the informant or complainant; and 3.. A warrant of: commitment shall not be held void by reas$n>f any defect, therein, if it be therein alleged that the offender has' been convicted dr ordered to do or abstain from doing ,any : act or thing required to be done or left undone, and there >. is a good and valid conviction or order ,to. sustain,the same;

. and

4. A warrant of distress shall not ho deemed void by reason only

of any defect, therein, if it be therein alleged that a convictisA dr order has been made, and there is a good and valid convictionr or order to sustain the Same, and a person acting under a warrant of distress shall not be deemed ,a trespasser from .the beginning. :by reason only of any, defecttJSs the warrant, or .of any irregularity in the execution of; the 1 warranty but1 this enactment shall not prejudice lithe right of any person , to. satisfaction for any special damage caused by any defect in or. irregularity in the execution of a warrant of distress, so however that if amends are tendered before action brought, and if the action is brought are paid into court in the action; and: the plaintiff does not recover mow than the sum bo tendered and paid into court, the plaintiff shall not be entitled to any costs incurred after such teitder, and the defendant shah he ' entitled , to costs; to be taxed ashetween solicitor and, client-; and gi

5. All forfeituxes notipecuniary which are incurred .in respect of

an offence triable by a court of summary jurisdiction^ which, may be shforced by a .court of summary jurisdiction, may he sold , or disposed of in such manner as the court having! cognizance of the case or any other.courb .of summary jurisdiction, for the same county borough or place may direct* and the proceeds of such sale,shall be.'applied imctheiJike manner as if the proceeds '.were a fine imposed under the Act on which the;proceeding for the forfeiture is founded,'

Swrtirmry Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

Ch. 49.

255

40. A writ of certiorari or other writ shall not be required for Ca8e from ^removal of any conviction, order, or other determination, in SmSm jelalaott to which a special case is stated by a court of general or certiorari, quarter sessions for- obtaining the judgment or determination of a

japeriorcourt. # « # ||;' : :r

41. In a proceeding within the jurisdiction of a court of summary jarisdiction, without prejudice to aay other mode of proofs service on service of

t person of any summons, notice, process, or document required or process, hand-authorised to be served, and the handwriting and seal of any &c-justice of the peace or other officer or person on any warrant, summons, notice, process, or document, may be proved by a solemn declaration taken before a justice of the peace, , or' before a commissioner to administer oaths in the Supreme Court of Judicature, or before a clerk of i the peace or a registrar of a county court; and any declaration fpurporting to be so taken shall, until the contrary is shown, be sufficient proof of the statements contained therein, and shall be received in evidence in any court or legal proceeding, without proof of the signature or of the official character of the poison orpersons taking orusigning the same; and the fee, if any, for taking such declaration shall be such siim, not exceeding one shilling, as may be directed by rules made in pursuance of this Act, and any suchdees shall be costs in the matter or proceeding to which it relates.

|herdeelaration may be in the form provided by. a rale under this Act, and if any declaration: made under this section is untrue in, any; material r particular; the person wilfully making such false deSdaration' shall be ‘guilty of. wilful and1 corrupt perjury.

42.i When afcourt of siimmary jurisdiction has fixed, as respects Recognizances anyrecognizance, theanlount in which the principal and the sureties cor^ °nt (fairy); are to Jbedfedund^thArecognizance, notwithstanding anything in this or any other Act; need not be entered into before such Mnjfybut may, subject to any rtiles made in pursuance of this Act, he entered into by. the parties beforeany other court; of summary jurisdiction or before any clerk of a court of summary jurisdiction, or before a superintendent or inspector of police or other officer of police of equal or superior rank, or in charge of any police; station, or where any of the parties is in prison, before the governor or other fepefedf such prison; and thereupon all the' consequences of law shall; ensue, and the provisions of this Act with respect to recognizances taken-ibesfore a ;court of "summary jurisdiction shall apply, so if the recognizance had been entered onto before the said court as heretofore by law required.

43. The following regulations shall be enacted with respect to Procedure on warrants of distress issued by a court of summary jurisdiction: ofdktre®10"

(1:). A warrant o£> distress'shall be executed by or under the warrants.

i direction of a constable; and (2.) Save so far as the person-against whom the distress is levied - otherwise consents in writing, the distress shall be sold by public auction, and five dear days at the least shall ^nmtervene between the making of thedistress and the sale, and where written consent is so given as aforesaid the Sale ' ‘ may be made in accordance with such consent; and

256 Ch. 49. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vici

(3.) Subject as aforesaid, the distress shall he sold within the period fixed by the warrant, and if no period is so fixed then within the period of fourteen days from the date of the making of the distress, unless the sum for which the warrant was issued, and also the charges of taking and keeping the said distress, are sooner paid; and (4.) Subject to any directions to the contrary given by the warrant of distress, where the distress is levied on household goods the goods shall not, except with the consent in writing of the person against whom the distress is levied, be removed from the house until the day of sale, but so much of the goods shall be impounded as are in the opinion of the person executing the warrant sufficient to satisfy the distress, by affixing to the articles impounded a conspicuous mark; and any person removing any goods so marked, or defacing or removing the said mark, shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds; and

(5.) Where a person charged with the execution of a warrant of distress wilfully retains from the produce of any goods sold to satisfy the distress, or otherwise exacts, any greater costs and charges than those to which he is for the time being entitled by law, or makes any7 improper charge, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds; and

(6.) A written account of the costs and charges incurred in respect of the execution of any warrant of distress shall be sent bj the constable charged with the execution of the warrant® soon as practicable to the clerk of the court of summary jurisdiction issuing the warrant; and it shall be lawful for the person upon whose goods the distress was levied, within one month after the levy of the distress, to inspect such account without fee or reward at any reasonable time to be appointed by the court, and to take a copy of such account; and

(7.) A constable charged with the execution of a warrant of distress shall cause the distress to be sold, and may deduct out of the amount realised by such sale all costs and charges actually incurred in effecting such sale, and shall render to the owner the overplus, if any, after retaining the amount of the sum for which the warrant was issued and the proper costs and charges of the execution of the warrant; and

(8.) Where a person pays or tenders to the constable charged with the execution of a warrant of distress the sum mentioned in such warrant, or produces the receipt for the same of the clerk of the court of summary' jurisdiction issuing the warrant, and also pays the amount of the costs and charges of such distress up to the time of such payment or tender, the constable shall not execute the warrant, orderofcourt 44. Where any property has been taken from a person charged of property before a court of summary jurisdiction with any offence punishable

taken from either on indictment or on summary conviction, a report shall be

prisoner. r

25?

1 .0 Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. Ch. 49.

adebytbe police to such court of summary jurisdiction of the 1 fyjt, of such property having been taken from the person charged ind of the particulars of such property, and the court shall, if of opinion that the property or any portion thereof can be returned consistently with the interests of justice and with the safe custody of the person charged, direct such property, or any portion thereof to be returned to the person charged or to such other person as he may direct.

45. Where a person is charged with an indictable offence men- Local jurisdic-

tioned in the First Schedule to this Act before a court of summary t

jurisdiction for any county borough or place, and the court have

jurisdiction to commit such person for trial in such county borough or place, although the offence was not committed therein, such court shall also have jurisdiction to deal with the offence summarily in pursuance of this Act.

46. For the purposes of the trial of any offence punishable on General pro-

summary conviction under this Act or under any other Act, whether " to past or future, the following provisions shall have effect — tion of courts

(1.) Where the offence is committed in any harbour, river, arm of summary of the sea, or other water, tidal or other, which runs between or Jurisd,ction-forms the boundary of the jurisdiction of two or more courts of summary jurisdiction, such offence may be tried by any one of such courts.

(2.) Where the offence is committed on the boundary of the jurisdiction of two or more courts of summary jurisdiction, or within the distance of five hundred yards of any such boundary, or is begun within the jurisdiction of one court and completed within the jurisdiction of another court of summary jurisdiction, such offence may be tried by any one of such courts.

(3.) Where the offence is committed on any person or in respect of any property in or upon any carriage, cart, or vehicle whatsoever employed in a journey, or on board any vessel whatsoever employed in a navigable river, lake, canal, or inland navigation, the person accused of such offence may be tried by any court of summary I jurisdiction through whose jurisdiction such carriage, cart, vehicle, or vessel passed in the course of the journey or voyage during which the offence was committed; and where the side, bank, centre, or other part of the highway, road, river, lake, canal, or inland navigation along which the carriage, cart, vehicle, or vessel passed in the course of such journey or voyage is the boundary of the I jurisdiction of two or more courts of summary jurisdiction, a person may be tried for such offence by any one of such courts.

(4.) Any offence which is authorised by this section to he tried V any court of summary jurisdiction may be dealt with, heard, hied, determined, adjudged, and punished as if the offence had been "wholly committed within the jurisdiction of such court.

PART III.

Definitions, Savings, and Repeal of Acts.

Special Definitions.

47. The provisions of this Act with respect to a sum adjudged Application of 40 he paid by an order shall apply, so far as circumstances admit, to £°^es^sdis_ [Wo. 17. Price 2c?.] R

858 Ch. 49. Bwttrmc/ry Jurisdiction Act, 1879; 42 & 43 w ?

tress or payable a sum in respect of which, a court of summary jurisdiction can. i®^ ftfegfc a warrant of distress without an information or complaint under c. 43. 10 the. Summary Jurisdiction ,Act, 1848, in like manner as if the said

sum . were a civil debt; and the provisions of this Act with reaped; to the. hearing, trying, determining, and adjudging of a case by a Court of summary jurisdiction when- sitting in open court shall apply to' the hearing, trying* determining, and adjudging: by a court of summary jurisdiction of an application for the issue of any such warrant.

Tim provisions of this Act with respect to' the period of impri-sonment to be imposed in respect of the nonpayment of a sum of money adjudged to be paid by a conviction Or in respect of fc default of a sufficient distress to satisfy any such sum, shall apply to ther period of imprisonment toi.be imposed in respect of the - nonpayment of any sum Of money adjudged to be paid by an order of a court of summary jurisdiction or in respect of the defatflM a sufficient distress to satisfy any such sum, where 'such sum is not *1 a dyil debt nor enforceable' as a civil debt/

As to clerk 48. Anything Required by this Act to be done by to or before

a clerk of a court of summary jurisdiction shall he donehytoor jurisdicrion. before the salaried clerk to a petty sessional division under section 4o & 41 Vict. five- of the. Justice^-: Clerks rAct, 1877, and wheretherefo more »43. - than one such derk, by dlher of such clerks or by suchisf ijp

derks as a, court of summary: jurisdiction for such division from time to; timd direct^ .and if any ©ther person acts astheiderk#^ court of summary jurisdiction acting in and for such . division,:sndi person, subject .to any. rules made under this Acfcy shall ha deemed for the purposes of this Act to have' acted as the,depu%iof;S|di salaried derk, and shall roake^return to the said salaried clerk of ah matters done--by isuoh court and of all nmtteos^hicb^ clerk of the1 court is required to enter in a register , or otherwise to record:

, Provided, that. Nothing m.thfo.seeiaon shall apply where the coni of summary jurisdiction is a court to .whose derk section foe of 40 & 41 Vict. the Justices Cle/ksAct, 1877,< does. hot apply; that is to say, the a 4s. justices of a borough,:or a metropolitan .police courtj ©r»any stipen-

diary or other magistrate the -salary of- Vvhose cleikyisjtJ^ 40 & 4i Vict. Under any Act of Parliament, bther than the Justices GlerksAct, ?»187^,ahithenpihisi^al' Act;:tbn$eim mentioned;,

Special defi- 49. In .this, Act) if not inconsistent with the context^e following nitions for expressions have the meanings iheareinHafter respectively assigned^ the Actf of them j that isito<say, . i

The expression ^Secretary ofiStatej", means one of HeriMajestp ... PrincipakSeCretaries: of ..State:-: utm to ujio /*

The expression ii:child‘"fmeans a person who, in fhe/opmoM^, court before' whom he, is. brought isi5underfd;h©iage.;iof yearn;: -

The expression .yyoung persop^means a person who. in opiniond the court before^ whom he js brought is of the 01 twelve yi&rs and under tbO age dr ‘dkteeii years iA ' (

The expression; " adult " inei&ns a-person.who in the opinion <n 1 icdurfc before whom he is!>brought is of ;the age of sixteen

, , or. upwards:

259

:fifammary Jurisd/ictionAcb, l$]§. Ch. 49.

ijjje expression "person" includes a child, young person, and adult, and also includes a body corporate: jjje expression "guardian," in relation to a child, includes any person who, in the opinion of the court having cognizance of any case in which a child is concerned, has for the time being the charge of or control over such child:

Jhe expression " prescribed " means prescribed or provided by any Act which relates to any offences, penalties, fines, costs, sums of ^-money, orders, proceedings, or matters, to the punishment,

, recovery, making, or conduct of which the Summary Jurisdic-, tion Acts expressly or impliedly apply or may be applied: r The expression " past Act " means any Act passed before the Beordinencement of this Act, exclusive of this Act:

The expression " future Act " means any Act passed after the fe^aminencement of this Act:

The expression "fine" includes any pecuniary,penalty or pecu-, niary-forfeiture or pecuniary compensation payable under a ^conviction":

The expression " county " includes any county,' riding, division,

parts, pr liberty of a county having a separate court of quarter sessions:

,^e,^pression " borough " means a borough subject to the pro-^jgsions of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1835, and the Acts 5 & 6 W. 4. ^rjending the same: . jESSfUM v-76.

[^..tepression " local rate " means as. respects any county borough or place, any county rate, borough rate, or other local rate out 2 rrp£ which the costs of the prosecution of any felony committed Within; such county, borough or place are payable:

' IM.^ipressions " sum . adjudged to be paid by a conviction t and "sum adjudged :to be paid by an order''.respectively include any costs adjudged to be paid by the conviction or order, as V*; the case may be, of which the amount is ascertained by such itequyiction or, order.

- General Definitions;

50. In this Act and any future Abb, if not inconsistent with the General defini-context, the following expressions shall have the meanings herein- ^°^pP^cable afterrespectively assigned to them that is to Say, I future Acts.

The expression "The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848," shall n & 12 Vict.

- * mean the Act of the session of the eleventh and twelfth years c. 43. of the reign of Her present Majesty, 'chapter forty-three, intituled "An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties of ;5V" justices of the peace'ofit ob sessions within England and " Wales with respect to summary convictions and orders "

The expression " The Summary Jurisdiction Acts " and the expression " The Summary ^ljrisdiction (English) Acts " shall & 12 vict respectively mean €He Summary Jt&sdiction Act, 1848, and 0> 43-this Act and any Act, past or future, amending the Summary n & 12 vict. Jurisdiction Act, 1848, or this Act: 0.43.

The expression " court of summary jurisdiction " shall mean —

Any justice or justices of the peace or other magistrate, by > whatever name called, to whom jurisdiction is given by Or who is or are authorised to act under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.or any of such Acts:

260

Application of Summary Jurisdiction Acts to future Acts.

Saving for Army, Navy, Marine, and Militia Acts.

In any future Act, if not inconsistent with the context —

The expression " petty sessional court " shall have the sam I meaning as it has in this Act:

The expression " occasional court-house " shall mean such I police station or other place as is for the time being appointed in pursuance of this Act to be used as an I occasional court-house.

Application of Acts.

51. The following regulations shall be made for the purpose of facilitating the application of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts to any future Act; that is to say,

(1.) Where in any future Act, any offence is directed or authorised to be prosecuted summarily or on summary conviction, or any fine is directed or authorised to be recovered summarily or on summary conviction, or any other words are used implying that such offence is to be prosecuted or fine is to be recovered in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, the Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall apply accordingly; and (2.) Where in any future Act any sum of money is directed or authorised to be recovered before a court of summary jurisdiction, or on complaint made to a court of summary jurisdiction, or words are used (whether by authorising the sum to be recovered summarily or in a summary manner or otherwise) which imply that such sum of money is to be recovered before a court of summary jurisdiction or in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, the Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall apply accordingly; and (3.) Where in any future Act a court of summary jurisdiction is authorised to order or require a person to do or abstain from doing any act or thing other than the payment of a sum of money; or where in pursuance of any such Act any act or thing other than the payment of a sum of money is required or authorised by an order of a court of summary jurisdiction to be done, or is declared capable of being enforced summarily, or by summary order; or where in any such Act any words are used implying that such act or thing is to be enforced in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, the Summary Jurisdic* tion Acts shall apply accordingly.

Savings, and Construction.

52. The provisions of this Act which enable a court of summary jurisdiction, notwithstanding any enactment to the contrary, t® impose imprisonment without hard labour, and reduce the prescribe® period thereof, or do either of such acts, and in the case of a fine, ® it be imposed as in respect of a first offence, to reduce the prescribe® amount thereof, and in the case of imprisonment, to impose a fi®e in lieu of imprisonment, shall not apply to any proceedings take®

Ch. 49.

261

under any Act relating to any of Her Majesty's regular or auxiliary

forces. ...

53. The Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall apply to all infor- Application of

nations, complaints, and other proceedings before a court of summary ruction Acte jurisdiction under the statutes relating to the Post Office. to Post Office,

Every offence under the statutes relating to the Post Office for fcdand Beve-, which a person is liable to forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty customs, pounds may be prosecuted before a court of summary jurisdiction in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

The Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall, notwithstanding any special provisions to the contrary contained in any of the statutes relating to Her Majesty's revenue under the control of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or the Commissioners of Customs, apply to all informations, complaints, and other proceedings before a court of summary jurisdiction under or by virtue of any of the said statutes:$

Provided, that where the sum adjudged by conviction under or by virtue of any of the said statutes to be paid exceeds fifty pounds, the period of imprisonment imposed by a court of summary jurisdiction in respect of the nonpayment of such sum, or in respect of the default of a sufficient distress to satisfy such sum, may exceed three months but shall not exceed six months.

54. This Act shall apply to the levying of sums adjudged to be Application paid by an order in any matter of bastardy, or by an order which ^Act*10" is enforceable as an order of affiliation, and to the imprisonment of

a defendant for nonpayment of such sums, in like manner as if an order in any such matter or so enforceable were a conviction on information, and shall apply to the proof of the service of any summons, notice, process, or document in any matter of bastardy, and of any handwriting or seal in any such matter, and to an appeal from an order in any matter of bastardy.

Nothing in this Act shall authorise a court of summary jurisdiction'to reduce the amount of a fine where the Act prescribing such amount carries into effect a treaty convention or agreement with a foreign state, and such treaty convention or agreement stipulates for a fine of a minimum amount.

This Act shall be construed as one with the Summary Juris- n & 12 Vict. diction Act, 1848, so far as is consistent with the tenour of such c- 43-Acts respectively, and save as aforesaid shall be subject to the exceptions specified in section thirty-five of the Summary Juris- 11 & 12 Vict. diction Act, 1848: c-43-

Provided that the provisions contained in sections thirty-three and thirty-four of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, as to the 11 & 12 Vict. Acts relating to the police in the metropolis and in the city ofc-43>

London, and relating to the powers of justices within the metropolitan police district, shall not apply to or restrict the operation of this Act.

This Act shall not apply to any information, complaint, or other summary proceeding laid, made, or instituted before the commencement of this Act, or in respect of any offence committed, or any act done, or any cause which arose before the commencement of this Act, and any such information, complaint, or other proceeding as aforesaid may be laid, made, instituted, and proceeded with in the same manner as if this Act had not been passed.

Ch. 49.

262

Svmmary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yIOr

Repeal.

Repeal of Acts. 55. There shall be repealed as from the commencement of this

Act —

(1.) The Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned; and

(2.) So much of any other Act as is inconsistent with this Act. Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

(1.) Anything duly done or suffered before the commencement of this Act under any enactment hereby repealed; or (2.) Any right or privilege acquired or any liability incurred before the commencement of this Act under any enactment hereby repealed; or (3.) Any imprisonment, fine, forfeiture, or other punishment incurred or to be incurred in respect of any offence committed before the commencement of this Act under any enactment hereby repealed; or (4.) The institution or prosecution to its termination of any investigation or legal proceeding or any other remedy for prosecuting any such offence or ascertaining, enforcing, or recovering any such liability, imprisonment, fine, forfeiture, or punishment as aforesaid, and any suet investigation, legal proceeding, and remedy may be carried on as if this repeal had not been enacted.

Where any unrepealed Act of Parliament incorporates or refers to any provisions of any Act hereby repealed, such unrepealed Act shall be deemed to incorporate or refer to the corresponding provisions of this Act.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Indictable Offences which cam be dealt with summarily under this Act.

Fibst Column.

Young Persons consenting and Adults pleading Guilty.

1. Simple larceny.

2. Offences declared by any Act for the time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny.

3. Larceny from or stealing from the person.

Second Column.

Adults consenting.

1. Simple larceny, where the value of the whole of the property alleged to have been stolen doe* not in the opinion of the court before whom tt® charge is brought exceed forty shillings.

2. Offences declared by any Act for the ti®e being in force to be punishable as simple larcenfi where the value of the whole of the propel? alleged to have been stolen, destroyed, injured, ® otherwise dealt with by the offender does not ® the opinion of the court before whom the charge is brought exceed forty shillings.

3. Larceny from or stealing from the person where the value of the whole of the prop®*? alleged to have been stolen does not in the opin'0® of the court before whom the charge is broi# exceed forty shillings.

1879-

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

Ch. 49.

263

Fibsi Column.

Young Persons consenting and Adults pleading Guilty.

Second Column. Adults consenting.

4. Larceny as a clerk or servant.

5, Embezzlement by a clerk or servant.

6. Receiving stolen goods, that is to say, committing any of the offences relating to property specified in the ninety-first and ninety-fifth sections of the Larceny Act, 1861, (being the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-six,) or in either of such sections.

7. Aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring the commission of simple larceny, or of an offence declared by any Act for the timp being in force to be punishable as simple larceny, or of larceny or stealing from the person, or of larceny as a clerk or servant.

8. Attempt to commit simple larceny, or an offence declared by any Act for the time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny, or to commit larceny from or steal from the person, or to commit larceny as a clerk or servant.

4. Larceny as a clerk or servant, where the ' value of the whole of the property alleged to have

been stolen does not in the opinion of the court before whom the charge is brought exceed forty shillings.

5. Embezzlement by a clerk or servant, where the value of the whole of the property alleged to have been embezzled does not in the opinion of the court before whom the charge is brought exceed forty shillings.

6. Receiving stolen goods, that is to say, committing any of the offences relating to property specified in the ninety-first and ninety-fifth sections of the Larceny Act, 1861, (being the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-six,) or in either of such sections, where the value of the whole of the property alleged to have been received does not in the opinion of the court before whom the charge is brought exceed forty shillings.

7. Aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring the commission of simple larceny, or of an offence declared by any Act for the time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny, or of larceny or stealing from the person, or of larceny as a clerk or servant, where the value of the whole of the property which is the subject of the alleged offence does not in the opinion of the court before whom the charge is brought exceed forty shillings.

8. Attempt to commit simple larceny, or an offence declared by any Act for the time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny, or to commit larceny from or steal from the person, or to commit larceny as a clerk or servant.

This Act shall apply to any of the following offences when alleged to have been committed by a young person in like manner as if such offence were included in the first column of the schedule; that is to say,

(1.) To any offence in relation to railways and railway carriages mentioned in sections thirty-two and thirty-three of the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred, intituled " An Act to " consolidate and amend the statute law of England and Ireland relating to offences " against the person "; and (2.) To any offence relating to railways mentioned in section thirty-five of the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-seven, intituled "An Act to consolidate and amend the statute law of England " and Ireland relating to malicious injuries to property "; and (3.) To any indictable offence, either under the Post Office Laws or prosecuted by Her Majesty's Postmaster-General; and for the purpose of this provision the expression " Post Office Laws I has the same meaning as it has in the Act of the session of the seventh year of the reign of King William the Fourth and the first year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-six, intituled " An Act for consolidating the laws relative to I offences against the Post Office of the United Kingdom, and for regulating the judicial " administration of the Post Office Laws, and for explaining certain terms and expres- sions employed in those laws," and the Acts amending the same,

Ch. 49, 50.

264

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yj SECOND SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 82. - An Act for the more speedy trial and punishment of juvenile offenders. The whole Act.

11 8s 12 Vict. c. 43. - An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties of justices of the peace out of sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary convictions and orders. The following words in section thirty, five: " Nor to any information or " complaint or other proceeding " under or by virtue of any of tin " statutes relating to Her Majesty's " Revenue of Excise or Custom, " Stamps, Taxes, or Post Office."

13 & 14 Vict. c. 37. - An Act for the further extension of summary jurisdiction in cases of Larceny. The whole Act, in so far as relates to England.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 126.- An Act for diminishing expense and delay in the administration of Criminal Justice in certain cases. The whole Act, in so far as relates to England, except sections eighteen, twenty, twenty-two, twenty-three, and twenty-four.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 80. - An Act to extend the provisions of the Criminal Justice Act, 1855, to the Liberties of the Cinque Ports, and to the district of Romney Marsh in the county of Kent. The whole Act.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 110. - An Act for the. amendment of the law relating to the mitigation of penalties. The whole Act, so far as relates to England.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 127.- An Act to amend the law relating to small penalties. The whole Act.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 116.- An Act to amend the law relating to Larceny and Embezzlement. Section two, in so far as relate to England.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 78. 1 An Act to amend the law re-| specting the Inspection and Section thirteen, in so far as relate to England.

Regulation of Railways.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Bills of Sale in Ireland.

[11th August 1879.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the law relating to bills of sale of personal chattels:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal) and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Bills of Sal*

(Ireland) Act, 1879.

Commence- 2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Novembf ment of Act. one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

Application of 3. This Act shall apply to every bill of sale executed on or aftef

Act- the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and seventy nine (whether the same be absolute, or subject or not subject if any trust) whereby the holder or grantee has power, either or without notice, and either immediately or at any future time, "

265

1879. Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879. Ch. 50.

seize or take possession of any personal chattels comprised in or made subject to such bill of sale.

4. In this Act the following words and expressions shall have I"t£^'etation the meanings in this section assigned to them respectively, unless 0 b‘ there be something in the subject or context repugnant to such construction; (that is to say,)

The expression " bill of sale " shall include bills of sale, assignments, transfers, declarations of trust without transfer, inventories of goods with receipt thereto attached, or receipts for purchase moneys of goods, and other assurances of personal chattels, and also powers of attorney, authorities, or licenses to take possession of personal chattels as security for any debt, and also any agreement, whether intended or not to be followed by the execution of any other instrument, by which a right in equity to any personal chattels, or to any charge or security thereon, shall be conferred, but shall not include the following documents; that is to say, assignments for the benefit of the creditors of the person making or giving the same, marriage settlements, transfers or assignments of any ship or vessel or any share thereof, transfers of goods in the ordinary course of business of any trade or calling, bills of sale of goods in foreign parts or at sea, bills of lading, India warrants, warehouse-keepers certificates, warrants or orders for the delivery of goods, or any other documents used in the ordinary course of business as proof of . the possession or control of goods, or authorising or purporting to authorise, either by indorsement or by delivery, the possessor of such document to transfer or receive goods thereby repre-, sented:

The expression " personal chattels * shall mean goods, furniture, and other articles capable of complete transfer by delivery, and (when separately assigned or charged) fixtures and growing crops, but shall not include chattel interests in real estate, nor fixtures (except trade machinery as herein-after defined), when assigned together with a freehold or leasehold interest in any land or building to which they are affixed, nor growing crops when assigned together with any interest in the land on which they grow, nor shares or interests in the stock, funds, or securities of any government, or in the capital or property of incorporated or joint stock companies, nor choses in action, nor any stock or produce upon any farm or lands which by virtue of any covenant or agreement or of the custom of the country ought not to be removed from any farm where the same are at the time of making or giving of such bill of sale:

Personal chattels shall be deemed to be in the " apparent possession" of the person making or giving a bill of sale, so long as they remain or are in or upon any house, mill, warehouse, building, works, yard, land, or other premises occupied by him, or are used and enjoyed by him in any place whatsoever, notwithstanding that formal possession thereof may have been taken by or given to any other person:

" Prescribed " means prescribed by rules made under the provisions of this Act.

5. From and after the commencement of this Act trade machinery Application of

the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be personal chattels, machhierj.e

266

Ch. 50. BUls of'Sale (Ireland) 'Act, 1879! 42 & 43 Yiop

and any mode of disposition of trade machinery by the owner thereof which would be a bill o£ sale as to any other personal chattels shall be deemed to be a bill of sale "within the meaning of this Act* > For the purposes of this Act —

Bpi Trade machinery " means the machinery used in or attached to any factory or workshop;

1st. Exclusive of the fixed motive-powers, such as Hie water-wheels and steam-engines, and the steam, boilers, donkey engines, and other fixed appurtenances of the said motive-powers; and, .*

2nd. Exclusive of the fixed power machinery, such as the shafts, wheels, drums, and their fixed appurtenances, which transmit the action of the motive-powers to the other, machinery, fixed and loose; and, ,:$

3rd Exclusive of the pipes for steam, gas, and water in the factory or workshop.

The machinery or effects excluded by this section from the definition of trade machinery shall not be deemed to be personal chattels within the meaning of this Act.

"Factory or workshop" means any premises on which any manual labour is exercised by way of trade, or for purposes of gain, in or incidental to the following purposes or any of them; that is to say,

: (#.) In or incidental to the making any article or part of < an article; or (A) In or incidental to the altering, repairing, ornamenting, finishing, of any article; or In ob incidental to the adapting for sale any article Certain instru- 6. Every attornintent, instrument, or agreement, mot being a m wMg^fdw- lease, whereby a power of distress is given or agreed- to be

tressto be sub- g*ven by any person to any other person by way of securityicr any ject tothisAct. present, future, or contingent debt or advance, and whereby any rent is reserved Of made payable as a mode of providing-for the payment of interest on such debt or advance, or otherwise -for the purpose of such-security only, shall be deemed to be a bill of sale, within the meaning of this Act, of any personal chattels which may be seized or taken under such power of distress.

Provided, that nothing in this Section shall extend to any mortgage of any estate or interest in any land, tenement, or hereditament which the mortgagee, being in possession, shall have demised to the mortgagor as his tenant at a fair and reasonable rent.

Fixtures or 7. No fixtures or growing crops shall be deemed, under this M not to^eCrOI,S k® separately assigned or charged by reason only that they are deemed sepa- assigned by separate words, or that power is given to sever them rately assigned from the land or building to which they are affixed, or from the land on which they grow, without otherwise taking possession of or dealing with such land or building, or land, if by the same instru* ment any freehold Of leasehold interest in the land or building to ^hicb such fixtures are affixed, or in the land on which such, crops grow, is Also conveyed or assigned to the same persons or person.

The same rule of construction shall be applied to all deeds or instruments, including fixtures or growing crops, executed before the commencement of this Act and then subsisting and in force, h*

when the land passes by thel same instru. ment.

267

187$ ® -; |P® of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879. Ck 50.

jll questions arising under any bankruptcy, arrangement with ^a|ip^riMation. assignment for the benefit of creditors, or execution of any process of any court, which shall take place or be issued after the commencement of this Act.

8. Every bill of sale to Which this Act applies shall be duly Avoidance of attested and shall' be registered under this Act, within seven days

after the making or giving thereof, and shall set forth the considera- certain cases, iion for which such bill of sale was given, otherwise such bill of sale, as against all trustees or assignees of the estate of the person whose chattels, or any of them, are comprised in such bill of sale under the lav relating to bankruptcy, arrangement with creditors, or liquidation} or under any assignment for the benefit of the creditors of such person, and also as against all sheriffs officers and other persons seizing any chattels comprised in such bill bf sale, in the execution of any process of' any court authorising the seizure of the chattels of the person by whom or of whose chattels such bill has been made, and also as against every person on whose behalf such process shall have been issued, shall be deemed fraudulent and void so far as regards the property in or right to the possession of any chattels comprised in such bill of sale which, at or after the time of filing the'petition for bankruptcy, arrangement, or liquidation, or Of1 the. execution of such assignment, or of executing such process (as the case may be), and after the expiration of such seven days are in the possession or apparent possession of the person making such bill of ale'(or wany person against whom the process has issued under or in the execution of which such bill has been made or given, as the case may be).

9. Where a subsequent bill of sale is executed within or on the Avoidance of expiration of seven days after the execution of a prior unregistered certain dnpii-Mi of sale, and comprises all or any part of the personal chattels bills of comprised in such prior bill of sale, then, if such subsequent bill of

sale is given as a; security for the same debt as is secured by the prior hill of sale, or for any part of such debt, it shall, to the extent to Which it is a security' for the same debt or part thereof, and so far as. respects the personal chattels or part thereof comprised in the prior bill, be absolutely 'Void unless it is proved to the satisfaction of the court having bognizance of the case that the subsequent bill of sale was bon& fide given foi* the purpose of correcting some material error in the prior bill of sale, and not for the purpose of evading this Act.

10. A bill of sale shall .be attested and registered under this Mode of

Act in the following manner: registering

(1A The execution of every bill, of sale shall be attestedby a Micitor of the (Dourt of judicature in Ireland, and the attestation shall state that before the execution of the hill of sale the effect- thereof has been explained to the grantor -by 'the attesting solicitor: -

(2.) Such bill; with, every schedule or inventory thereto annexed or therein referred to, and also a true copy of' such bill J and of every such ' schedule or inventory, and of every attestation of the execution of such bill of sale, together with an affidavit of the time of such bill of sale being

268

Renewal of registration.

Form of register.

Cir. 50. Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict

made or given, and of its due execution and attestation and a description of the residence and occupation of tb« person making or giving the same (or in case the saraei, made or given by any person under or in the execution of any process, then a description of the residence and occupation of the person against whom such procej, issued), and of every attesting witness to such bill 0( sale, shall be presented to and the said copy and affidavit shall be filed with the registrar within seven clear days after the making or giving of such bill of sale, in like manner as a warrant of attorney in any personal action given by a trader is now by law required to be filed:

(3.) If the bill of sale is made or given subject to any defeasance or condition, or declaration of trust not contained in the body thereof, such defeasance, condition, or declaration shall be deemed to be part of the bill, and shall be written on the same paper or parchment therewith before the registration, and shall be truly set forth in the copy filed under this Act therewith and as part thereof, otherwise the registration shall be void.

In case two or more bills of sale are given, comprising in whole *or in part any of the same chattels, they shall have priority in the order of the date of their registration respectively as regards such chattels.

A transfer or assignment of a registered bill of sale need not he registered.

11. The registration of a bill of sale, whether executed before or after the commencement of this Act, must be renewed once el least every five years, and if a period of five years elapses from the registration or renewed registration of a bill of sale without a renewal or further renewal (as the case may be), the registration shall become void: Provided, that where a period of five years from the original registration of any bill of sale has expired before the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty, such bill of sale shall be as valid to all intents and purposes as it would have been if this Act had not been passed, if such registration be renewed in the manner prescribed by this Act before the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty.

The renewal of a registration shall be effected by filing with the registrar an affidavit stating the date of the bill of sale and 01 the last registration thereof, and the names, residences, and occupations of the parties thereto as stated therein, and that the Hi of sale is still a subsisting security.

Every such affidavit may be in the form set forth in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed.

A renewal of registration shall not become necessary by reason only of a transfer or assignment of a bill of sale.

12. The registrar shall keep a book (in this Act called register ") for the purposes of this Act, and shall, upon the filing0' any bill of sale or copy under this Act, enter therein in the fa® set forth in the second schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, or ® any other prescribed form, the name, residence, and occupation

Ch. 50.

269

1879. Bills of Bale (Ireland) Act, 1879.

the person by whom the bill was made or given (or in case the same am made or given by any person under or in the execution of process, then the name, residence, and occupation of the person against whom such process was issued, and also the name of the person or persons to whom or in whose favour the bill was given), and the other particulars shown in the said schedule or to be prescribed under this Act, and shall number all such bills registered in each year consecutively, according to the respective dates of their registration.

Upon the registration of any affidavit of renewal the like entry shall be made, with the addition of the date and number of the last previous entry relating to the same bill, and the bill of sale or copy originally filed shall be thereupon marked with the number affixed to such affidavit of renewal.

The registrar shall also keep an index of the names of the grantors of registered bills of sale with reference to entries in the register of the bills of sale given by each such grantor.

Such index shall be arranged in divisions corresponding with the letters of the alphabet, so that all grantors whose surnames begin with the same letter (and no others) shall be comprised in one division, but the arrangement within each such division need not be strictly alphabetical.

13. The master of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland As to registrar, attached to the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court of

Justice in Ireland, or such other officer as may for the time being be assigned for this purpose under the provisions of the Supreme 40 & 4i Vict. Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, shall be the registrar for c* 57 the purposes of this Act.

14. Any judge of the High Court of Justice in Ireland, on llectification of being satisfied that the omission to register a bill of sale or an 1-eSister-affidavit of renewal thereof within the time prescribed by this

Act, or the omission or mis-statement of the name, residence, or occupation of any person, was accidental or due to inadvertence, may in his discretion order such omission or mis-statement to be rectified by the insertion in the register of the true name, residence, or occupation, or by extending the time for such registration on such tenns and conditions (if any) as to security, notice by advertisement or otherwise, or as to any other matter, as he thinks fit to direct.

15. Subject to and in accordance with any rules to be made Memorandum under and for the purposes of this Act, the registrar may order a sati?facti°n

, , v r \ ° J on registered

memorandum oi satisfaction to be written upon any registered copy of bill

copy of a bill of sale, upon the prescribed evidence being given of sa,e-

that the debt (if any) for which such bill of sale was made or given

has been satisfied or discharged.

16. Any person shall be entitled to have an office copy or Copies may be extract of any registered bill of sale, and affidavit of execution filed tn en' &c‘ therewith, or copy thereof, and of any affidavit filed therewith, if

any, or registered affidavit of renewal, upon paying for the same at the like rate as for office copies of judgments of the High Court of Justice in Ireland, and any copy of a registered bill of sale, and

270

Affidavits.

Fees.

Collection of fees under 40 & 41 Vict.' a. 57. s. 84.

As to disposition, &c. ofchattels comprised in bill of sale.; 20 & 21 Vict c. 60.

Rules.

40 & 41 Vict c. 57.

Time for registration.

Repeal of 17 & 18 Vict. C» 55,

Extent of Act,

pH. 50. Bills of'.Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879. 4*2 & 43 V

' *vf,

affidavit purporting to be an office copy thereof , shall, in allcomt, and, before all arbitrators or other persons, be admitted.as pr^ facie evidence thereof, and of the fact and date of registration as shown thereon. Any person shall be entitled at all reasonable times to search the register and every registered bill of sale, upon payment of one shilling for every copy of a bill of sale inspected-such payment shall he made by a judicature, Ireland, stamp.

17. Every affidavit required by or for the purposes: of this Act may be sworn before a master of any division ,of the High Oomt of Justice in Ireland, or before any commissioner empowered to take affidavits in the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland, .

Whoever wilfully makes or uses any false affidavit for the purposes of this Act shall he deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt pequrV

18. There shall he paid and received in stamps the following fa, viz.:

On filing a bill of sale - la 041

On filing the affidavit ;of execution of a bill of sale - Is. 04

On the affidavit used for the purpose of re-registering a hid of sale (to , mdude the fee for filing) - 2a. 6d,

19. Section eighty-four of the Supreme Court of Judicature Ad (Ireland), 1877, and any , enactments for the time being in force amending or substituted for that section, shall apply,$> fees under this Act, and an order under that section may, v if need h^be made-in relation to such fees accordingly.

20. Chattels comprised in a hill of sale which hqs been and < prmt,innes to he duly registered under this Act shall not be deemed

to, he in the possession, order, pr disposition of the grantorofjk hill of sale within the meaning of the Irish Bankrupted Insolvent Act, 1857j;0^ipf any Act-altering or amending tlpe said Act/ j

21. Rules for the purposes of this Act may be made and afefl from time, to time by the- like persons and in the like maimer in which, rules and regulations may he made under and for the purposes of the Supreme Court ,of Judicature Act (Irelau4)>: lflft,.

22. ' When the time for :registering a. hill of sale expirepom Sunday, or other day on which the registrar's .office ;is closed, the registration shall be valid made pn the next following day op. which the office is open.

23. From and after the- commencement of this Act,the Registration of Bills of Sale in Ireland Act, 1854, shall be repealed: Brpvided that (except as is herein-.expressly mentioned

to construction and with respect to renewal of . registration) notBug in this Act shall, affect any bill.of sale executed before the commencement of thirf Act, and as regards bills of sale so executed,^8 Act hereby repealed shall continue in force.

Any renewal after the commencement of this Act ^of the reg^-tratjonpf a^billipf sale.;executedfbeforeJthe commencemsijt^p Act, and registered- under the Act hereby repealed, shall .be o^6 qndervtbis. Act in.itbe same, manner as-the renewal $£ a regisbr^1011 made under this Act.

1: 24. This Act shall not extend, to England or to Scotland.

jg7& < « Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879. Ch. 50, 61. 271

SCHEDULES.

. SCHEDULE A. Section ffi

#1 '[A&J of do swear that

ft bill of sale, bearing date the day of 18 [insert

(he date of the bill], and made between [insert the names and descriptions of the parties m the original bill of sale], and which said bill of sale [or, and a copy of which said bill of sale, as the ease may be] was registered on the <ja,y of 18 [insert date of registration]) is still a subsisting

security Sworn, <Slc.

SCHEDULE B. Section 12.

Satisfaction .entered. No. By whom given (or against whom process issued). To whom Nature Date. Date of registra-C tion. Date of registration of affidavit of renewal.

Name. Residence. Occupation. given. of instrument.

- 1

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of '"‘farliament. [15th August 1879.]

Most, ^acious Sovereign,

WE, Tour Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons I of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards, making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament,have resolvpcl, to grant untp Your Majesty the sum herein-after njeatipned; and $0, therefore most hjiin^ly beseech. Your'Majesty that it may b^. ,enacted; and be it. enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by, me authority of the same, as fellows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund;

1, The Comppissiopers o| Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of being may issue out . of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making goiidated Fund, good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first jfay of March gpp thpp^nd eight hundred and eighty, the sum of thirty-four million nine hundred and eighjty-six thousand.sis; hundred and.twenty-cjge pounds.

272 Ch. 61. ' Appropriation Act, 1879. ' 42 & 43 Vio

Power for the 2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may borrow Treasury to from time to time on the credit of the said sum of thirty-fo^ million nine hundred and eighty-six thousand six hundred and twenty-one pounds, any sum or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated.Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

Appropriation 3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in I of sums voted Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund I eerrices. y towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amounting I as appears by the said Schedule, in the aggregate to the sum of I sixty-one million three hundred and sixty-five thousand and ninety I three pounds one shilling and twopence, are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for I the purposes and services expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) fo such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

Treasury may, 4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for in certain cases sums appropriated to naval and military services by thisM

authonsewc- and which it may be detrimental to the public service to,postpone penditure nn- until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course, provided for; of the departments entrusted with the control over the said

the aggregate services shall forthwith make application in writing to the Commie-grants for the sioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their authority to defray ? and for tibe68 temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have army°services been or which may be effected by the saving of expenditure upon respectively be votes within the same department, and in such / application the not exceeded, department shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may bte effected as aforesaid upon votes- within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military department* have obtained the sanction of the said Commissioners' fo any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made* to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House Of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies

273

r 0g:-y &i Appropriation Act, 1879. Ch. 51.

[ upon £t>n several votes for the said services in such manner as I purliamenl; may determine.

'Plie Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and. for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the powers Sanction for

! vested in them by the Act of the session held in the fortieth and "^tarefor | forty-first years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty- 1877-78 unpro-I one, hatp?< authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums rided for-I appropriated by the said Act to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one ' thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight, to be in part temporarily defrayed out of the balances unexpended in respect of the sums I appropriated to certain other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st Expenditure for certain navy services unprovided for, tempo-I MS rar% defrayed to the extent of one hundred and fourteen toothoueand seven hundred and eighty-three pounds four shillings ' and elevenpence, out of the unexpended balances of certain Lifer votes for navy services:

2di Expenditure for certain army services unprovided for, tempo-' larily defrayed to the extent of two hundred and fifty-eight g^ffibusand seven hundred and seventy-four pounds eight Epplings and fourpence^ out of the unexpended balances of

certain other votes for army services); and out .of the sum Idealised in excess',of the estimated appropriations in aid:

It is enacted, that the application of the said sums is hereby ' sanctioned.

6. -LA person shall not, receive any part of a grant which may be Declaration

made in'pursuance of this Act for half pay or army, navy, or civil fe3nlred in ocr-, . ... . . B , a* , tain cases

aon-eftective services until he has subscribed such declaration as before receipt

may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Cominis- of sums.

sioners of Her Majesty's Treasury before one of the persons prescribed ftPProPriated-

by such warrant.

.^foovided that, whenever any such payment is .made at more I frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may dispense with the production, of more than | one declaratibn in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this I section knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular I shall fe guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be? cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Short title;

Act, 1879.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE HI |

I £ s. d.

as 366.09S 1 2 g

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund -

274 Ch. 51. Appropriation Act, 1879.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

Part 1. Deficiencies, 1877-78 -

, 2. Supplementary, 1878-79 , 3. Exchequer Bonds, 1878-79 -, 4. War in South Africa, Vote of Credit, 1878-79

1879-80!

5. Navy -

6. Army -

7. Army (Indian Home Charges)

42 & 43 YICl

A i, j

17,899 1 j 354,539 .

2.750.000 .

1.500.000 -

, 8. Civil Services, Class I. E2 . 1,348,620

, 9. Ditto, Class II. - ' . - 2,179,009

, 10. Ditto, Class III. - 5,678,949

, H. Ditto, Class IV. ‘ - . - 4,158*921

, 12. Ditto, Class V. - . 549,122

, 13. Ditto, Class VI. - 1,199,014

, 14. Ditto, Class VII. - 34,462

Total Civil Services

4,622,438

10,586,894

15,645,700

1,100,000

15. Revenue departments, &c.

16. Advances for Greenwich Hospital and School

17. Exchequer Bonds -

18. War in South Africa, Vote of Credit, 1879-80

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

15,148,09/

8,116,128

145,836

3.000. 000

3.000. 000

61,365,093 1 2

For the service of the years ending 31st March 1878 and 1879; £ s. d. Under Act 42 Vict. cap. 2.

Under Act 42 Vict. cap. 7. ---- -

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1880; viz.

Under Act 42 Vict. cap. 7. - 8,494,195 -

Under Act 42 Vict. cap. 14. - 6,694,816 -

Under Act 42 & 43 Vict. cap. 20. - 6,567,023 -

Under this Act -. - 34,986,621 -

£ t. i 4,250,000 -372,438 1

Total

— 56-742,655

I ^61,365,093 1 ;

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Deficiencies.

Schedule of Sums granted to make good deficiencies on the several grants here® particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1878; vk.:-

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class II.

House of Commons Offices -

Class III.

Criminal Prosecutions, Sheriffs' Expenses, &c.

County Courts -

Land Registry Office -

Convict Establishments, England and the Colonies Registry of Judgments, Ireland -

Class V.

Treasury Chest -

Class VII.

Temporary Commissions -

Total

119 3

450 H 1 16,733 13; 22 1

77 1

51 2 11

Appropriation Act, 1879. Ch. 51. 275

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Supplementary.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1879; viz.: —

Class I.

Houses of Parliament -

Public Buildings -

Furniture of Public Offices -

New Home and Colonial Offices, &c.

British Museum Buildings -

Natural History Museum -

Harbours, &c. under the Board of Trade

3,771

8,417

400

724

650

12,800

1,900

Class II.

Treasury -

Homo Office -

Foreign Office -Colonial Office- -

Lunacy Commission, England -Stationery Office and Printing -

Household of- Lord Lieutenant of Ireland Chief Secretary for Ireland Offices -

Public Works Offices, Ireland -

Class III.

Low Charges, England Wreck Commission -

County Courts - -

Metropolitan Police ---- County Prisons, &c. Great Britain -

Reformatory and Industrial Schools, Great Britain Magistrates and Miscellaneous Legal Charges, Ireland

Class IV.

Public Education, England and Wales London University - ,

Paris International Exhibition -

Public Education, Ireland .

3,500

2,300

3,350

925

327

33,000

206

390

560

6,200 350 19,723 426 3,500 8,004 10,000

106,000

210

16,984

8,746

I

Class V.

Diplomatic Services - / -

Consular Services - -

I Treasury Chest - | C .

Class VI.

I Relief of Distressed British Seamen Abroad -I Pauper Lunatics, Scotland - r

Class VII.

I Temporary Commissions -

I Mediterranean Extension Telegraph Company I Upping Forest Commission -

I Repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund -

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS. Inland Revenue -

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Exchequer Bonds.

T° pay off and discharge Exchequer Bonds which became due and payable during the Fear ending on the 31st day of March 1879 - '

HI ! m i 2__________IB

\\

276 Ch. 51. Appropriation Act, 1879. 42 & 43

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

War in South Africa, Vote of Credit.

Towards defraying the Expenses, beyond the ordinary grants of Parliament, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1879, in consequence of the. War in South Africa ...

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein partied mentioned which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the day of March 1880; viz.: —

oumjjjj

exceeding

No. I

1. For wages, &c. to 58,800 seamen and marines ... 2,708,69

2. For victuals and clothing for seamen and marines ...

3. For the expenses of the Admiralty-Office

4. For the expense of the coast guard service, the royal naval reserve, and seamen and marine pensioners reserve, and royal naval artillery volunteers -

5. For the expense of the several scientific departments of the navy

6. For the expense of the dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad

7. For the expense of the victualling yards at home and abroad -

8. For the expense of the medical establishments at home and abroad

9. For the expense of the Marine Divisions

10. Sect. 1. For naval stores for the building, repairing, and outfitting the fleet and coast guard - .

10. Sect. 11. For steam machinery, and ships built by contract, &c.

11. For new works, buildings, machinery, and repairs in the naval establishments -

12. For medicines, medical stores, &c.

13. For martial law, &c.

14. For the expense* of various miscellaneous services ...

15. For half pay, reserved half pay, and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines - ..

f 16. Sect. 1. For military pensions and allowances -

L16. Sect. 11. For civil pensions and allowances - * -

17. For freight of ships, for the victualling and conveyance of troops, on account of the army department

Total Navy Services - £

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particiM mentioned which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the day of March 1880; viz.: — |jj

1,355,1110

21,408

1,030,000

842,000

7,985

140,53)

No.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

For the general staff and regimental pay, allowances, and charges of Her Majesty's land forces at home and abroad, exclusive of charges on India-For divine service - ...

For administration of military law - ...

For medical establishments and services ----

For the pay and allowances of a force of militia, not exceeding 132,526 men, including 30,000 militia reserve -

For the yeomanry cavalry pay and allowances -

For the volunteer corps pay and allowances - - .

For the pay and allowances of a number of army reserve first class, not exceeding

22,000, and of the army reserve second class -

Snins?1

excee®

Hn

111

Appropriation Act, 1879.

Ch. 51.

277

9 For commissariat and ordnance store establishments, wages, &c.

10. For provisions, forage, fuel, transport and other services -

11, For clothing establishments, services, and supplies -

|2, For the supply, manufacture, and repair of warlike and other stores 13, For superintending establishment of, and expenditure for, works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad -

|i For establishments for military education - ...

15, For miscellaneous effective services - ...

|6. For the administration of the artny -

|J, For rewards for distinguished services, &c., exclusive of charges on India |8, For pay of general officers, exclusive of charges on India -

jf For retired full pay, half pay, pensions, and gratuities, for reduced and retired officers, including payments allowed by Army Purchase Commissioners, exclusive of charges on India ----

20, For widows pensions, &c., exclusive of charges on India -

21, For pensions for wounds - ...

22, For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners thereof

23, For the out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c., exclusive of charges on India -

24, For superannuation allowances ----

25, For the non-effective services of the militia, yeomanry cavalry, and volunteer corps

-£

Sums not exceeding

392.400

3.007.000 801,600

1.330.000

853,300

165,800

34.400 232,700

33,100

98,000

918,100

121,500

16,800

35,900

1,186,000

178,600

37,800

15,645,700

Total Army Services -

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

Army (Indian Home Charges).

For the sum to be transferred in aid of Army Grants to meet the charge incurred in recruiting and training officers and men, and in defraying the non-effective expenditure for the regular forces serving in India, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1880 - £

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1880; viz.: —

1,100,000

Sums not exceeding

I ho.

h For the maintenance and repair of the royal palaces -

2, For the maintenance and repair of Marlborough House -

3, For the royal parks and pleasure gardens -

' For the buildings of the Houses of Parliament -

5. For the maintenance and repair of public buildings in Great Britain; for providing the necessary supply of water; for rents of houses for the temporary accommodation of public departments, and charges attendant thereon, &c.

For the supply and repair of furniture in the public departments in Great Britain ' For the expenses of the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph Buildings in Great Britain, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services - . ..

* For new buildings for county courts, maintenance and repair of courts, supply of furniture, fuel, &c., and other charges attendant thereon -l!|' For charges connected with Metropolitan Police Court Buildings For one half of the expense of erecting or improving court houses or offices for the sheriff courts in Scotland, and the expense of maintaining the courts erected or improved -

35,540

2,975

113,561

32,930

117,255

15,885

184,334

46,750

22,018

8,203

Ch. 51.

Appropriation Act, 1879.

No.

11. For the purchase of a site, erection of building, and other expenses for new courts of justice and offices belonging thereto- -

12. For the survey of the United Kingdom, including the revision of the survey of Ireland, maps for use in proceedings before the Land Judges in Ireland, publication of maps, and engraving the geological survey

13. For erecting and maintaining new buildings, including rents, &c., for the Department of Science and Art-

14. For maintenance and repair of the British Museum buildings, for rents of premises, supply of water, fuel, &c., and charges attendant thereon

15. For the erection of a Natural History Museum -

16. For a grant in aid of the new buildings for the University of Edinburgh -

16a. For payment to Mr. Edward M. Barry, R.A., in full satisfaction of his claims upon Her Majesty's Government in connexion with the preparation of plans for the erection of a new National Gallery -

17. For maintaining certain harbours, &c. under the Board of Trade -

18. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates in respect of Government property,

and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department

19. For contribution to the funds for the establishment and maintenance of a fire brigade in the metropolis -

20. For erection, repairs, and maintenance of the several public buildings under the department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland -

20a. For expenses preparatory to the erection of the Museum of Science and Art in Dublin-

21. For erecting and maintaining certain lighthouses abroad -

22. For diplomatic and consular buildings, including rents and furniture, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad -

fX

2°j?S6

5.000

17.062

10,000

146,641

10,000

12,110

23,210

Total Civil Services, Class I.

1,348,62)

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services hew particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1880; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Lords ...

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury and in

the office of the Parliamentary Counsel -

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for !

the Home Department and subordinate offices - I

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State |

for Foreign Affairs -

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State

for the Colonies -

7. For salaries and expanses of the department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable

Privy Council and subordinate departments -

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Lord Privy Seal -

9. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for

Trade, and subordinate departments -

10. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales

11. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission | '

i#

50,311

59,815

89,0*1'

IS

in

ig

1

App/'oyt'iation Act, 1879.

Ch. 51.

279

0

For salaries and expenses of the office of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission - " " ~

.» per imprest expenses under the Inclosure and Drainage Acts -

j' por SIjaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General, including the Chancery Audit Branch -

t5 for salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -I

For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board, including various grants in aid of local taxation -

I? For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England I For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including expenses of the coinage -19, For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office

jo, For charges connected with the Patent Law Amendment Act, the Registration of Trade Marks Act, and the Registration of Designs Act

21. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General in London and Dublin -

22. For salaries and expenses of the establishments under the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and the West India Islands Relief Commissioners

23. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England -I 21, For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births,

&c. in England ----

25, For stationery, printing, and paper, binding, and printed books for the several departments of Government in England, Scotland, and Ireland, and some

dependencies, and for the two Houses of Parliament; for the salaries and expenses of the Establishment of the Stationery Office, and the cost of Stationery Office publications, and of the Gazette Offices; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including a grant in aid of the publication of Parliamentary Debates

26. For salaries and expenses of the office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues,

and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments ...

| For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings - .

28. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services -

29. For salaries and expenses of the department, of the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's

Remembrancer in Exchequer, Scotland, of certain officers in Scotland, and other charges formerly on the hereditary revenue - For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays -|l For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland -i For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births,

&c. in Scotland -

H For salaries and expenses of the Board of Supervision for Relief of the Poor, and for expenses under the Public Health and Vaccination Acts, including certain grants in aid of local taxation in Scotland | -

§ For salaries of the officers and attendants of the household of the Lord Lieutenant | of Ireland and other expenses - . f - . .1

* For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant |

I of Ireland in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments J For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable | Donations and Bequests for Ireland - ...

I For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland, including |j various grants in aid of local taxation ...

fa For salaries and expenses of the office of Public Works in Ireland | For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office, and of the Keeper of the I State Papers in Ireland | -

| For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, and for expenses of the collection of agricultural and emigration statistics | in Ireland - 1 - "

' For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland

Total. Civil Services, Class II. - £

Sums not exceeding

16,907

8,290

54,850

6,135

381,123

15,064

93,665

16,692

28.043

25.044

10,132

20,920

46,801

453,088

23,386

40,684

23,000

6,446

12,983

5,621

6,609

18,723

7,162

42,006

2,072

127,626

30,607

5,925

15,709

22,396

2,179,009

280

Ch. 51.

Appropriation Act, 1879.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10. *%,

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Servt particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the on the 31st day of March 1880; viz.: — ar

1 ' - h

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers, the salaries and expenses of the department of

the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury and of the department of the Queen's Proctor for divorce interventions, the costs of prosecutions, including those relating to the coin and to bankruptcy, and of other legal proceedings conducted by those departments, and various other legal expenses, including Statute Law Revision and Parliamentary Agency

2. For criminal prosecutions at assizes and quarter sessions in England, including

adjudications under the Criminal Justice and the Juvenile Offenders Acts, sheriffs expenses, salaries to clerks of assize and other officers, and for compensation to clerks of the peace and others, and for expenses incurred under Extradition Treaties -

3. For salaries and expenses of the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice,

of the Court of Appeal, and of the Supreme Court of Judicature

4. For salaries and expenses of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer

Divisions of the High Court of Justice, and for salaries and expenses of the District Registrars of the High Court, and certain circuit expenses

5. For salaries and expenses of the Registries of Probate and Divorce and Matrimonial

Causes, &c., in the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division of the High Court of Justice - . ..

6. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Admiralty Registrar and Marshal

of the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division of the High Court of Justice

7. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Wreck Commissioner

8. For salaries and expenses of the London Bankruptcy Court

9. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts

10. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Land Registry - ...

11. For the expense of revising barristers in England - ...

12. For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London and Sheerness -

13. For contribution toward the expenses of the metropolitan police, and of the horse

patrol, and Thames police, and for the salaries of the Commissioner, Assistant

Commissioners, and Receiver - ...

14. For certain expenses connected with the police in counties and boroughs in

England and Wales, and with the police in Scotland -

15. For the superintendence of convict establishments and for the maintenance of

convicts in convict establishments in England and the Colonies

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Commissioners and other officers appointed

under the 6th and 7th sections of the Prison Act, 1877, and the expenses of the several prisons in England and Wales to which that Act applies -

17. For the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day

industrial schools in Great Britain, and for the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Reformatories - ...

18. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum,

England - ...

19. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate's department and others connected

with criminal proceedings in Scotland, including certain allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83.

'20. For salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland and other legal charges - — - .

21. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's General Register House,

Edinburgh -

22. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons

under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial statistics - .

23. For the expense of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland,

including certain allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83.

195,741

177,788

63,409

93,328

11$ 12,110 | 37,812 440,079 5,418 18,890 i 14,1(3

452,800

890,948

431,128'

472,68°

259,38'

27,128

1|

II || H1

Appropriation Act, 1879

Ch. 51.

281

for salaries and expenses of the Chancery Division (excluding the Land Judges5 offices) of the High Court of Justice and of the Court of Appeal in Ireland for salaries and expenses of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in Ireland, including provision for certain officers of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland, and for the trial of election petitions - ' ~

For the salaries and expenses of the Land Judges' offices in the Chancery Division of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in Ireland -

For the salaries and expenses of the Principal and District Registries of the Probate and Matrimonial Division of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in Ireland, including certain officers of the court - For salaries and incidental expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland For salaries and expenses of the Admiralty Court Registry in Ireland For salaries and expenses of the Office for the Registration of Deeds in Ireland - For salaries and expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments in Ireland For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers, and of magistrates in Ireland, and of the revising barristers of the city of Dublin For salaries and expenses of the Commissioners of Police, of the police courts, and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin ... For the expenses of the constabulary force in Ireland - For the expense of the superintendence of prisons, and of the maintenance of prisoners in prisons in Ireland, and of the registration of habitual criminals For the expenses of reformatories and industrial schools in Ireland For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland ...

Total Civil Services, Class III.

- £

Sums not exceeding

38,888

27,677

11,441

11,387

10,274

1,695

19,444

2,870

75,245

138,017

1,097,192

147,661

82,906

6,524

5,678,949

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Ixmddle of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1880; viz.: —

For public education in England and Wales, including the expenses of the Education Office in London

> For salaries and expenses of the Department of Science and Art, and of the establishments connected therewith -

For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including the amount required for furniture, fittings, &c. ----

For Salaries and expenses of the National Gallery - For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery

For grants in aid of the expenditure of certain learned societies in Great Britain and Ireland -

For salaries and expenses of the University of London - For preparing an account of the scientific results of the expedition of Her Majesty's ship " Challenger" in 1873, 1874, 1875, and 1876, to investigate the physical and biological conditions of the great ocean basins, and of arranging the collections made during the expedition -

For the salaries and expenses of the Royal Commission appointed in connexion i with the International Exhibitions at Sydney and Melbourne - For public education in Scotland - *

For grants to Scottish universities - * '

Sums not exceeding

2,481,168

322,409

110,949 17,271 2,410

17,050 10,776

4,000

6,280 469,766 18,706

Ch. 51.

Appropriation Act, 1879,

42 & 43 y.

No.

11. For the annuity to the Board of Trustees of manufactures in Scotland, in dis-

charge of equivalents under the Treaty of Union, to be applied in maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Antiquarian Museum, Scotland, and for the exhibition of the Torrie Collection of Works of Art, and for other purposes - . ...

12. For public education under the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland -

13. For the salary and expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Education

in Ireland appointed for the regulation of endowed schools -

14. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, and for the purchase

of pictures - - . - .

15. For expenses of the Queen's University in Ireland ...

16. In aid of the expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland 17- In aid of the expenses of the Royal Irish Academy, &c.

673^029

2,®

Total Civil Services, Class IV. - £ 1 4,158,521

SCHEDULE (B;) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1880; viz. : —

No.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

Sami not exceeding

i

For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad ... For consular establishments abroad, and for expenditure under the Act 6 Geo. 4.

c. 87 ... | -

In aid of colonial local revenue, and for the salaries and allowances of governors, &c., and for other expenses in certain colonies -

For certain non-effective charges connected with the Orange River Territory and the island of St. Helena -

For salaries and expenses of the three representatives of Her Majesty's Government on the Council of Administration of the Suez Cnaal Company - For expenses of the mixed commissions established under the treaties with foreign powers for suppressing the traffic in slaves, and of other establishments in connexion with that object, including the Muscat subsidy - For tonnage bounties, bounties on slaves, costs of captors, &c., and expenses of the Liberated African Department -

For defraying the additional expenditure entailed upon the Government of Cyprus by the augmentation of the police force, rendered necessary by the reduction* of the military garrison of the island -

Total Civil Services, Class V. £

206,955

246,59/

44,401

2,470

1,620

13,747

SCHEDULE (B.) — Pa&t 13. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1880; viz. : —

No.

1. For superannuation and retired allowances to persons formerly employed in the public service, and for compassionate or other special allowances and gratuities awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury -

Sumsn®1

exceeding

439,772

.0, Appropriation Act, 1879. Ch. 51. 283

j gig Sums not

1 lia i For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to their widows exceeding £

and children - ... .. 29,650

3, For the relief of distressed British seamen abroad - 31,000

4. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in England and Wales 395,000

i, In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Scotland 71,760

1; In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Ireland 82,095

j, For the support of certain hospitals and infirmaries in Ireland ... 17,647

I j, For making good the deficiency arising from payments for interest to savings banks and friendly societies ---- 123,944

8, For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain 4,144

10. For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland 4,002

Total Civil Services, Class VI. - £ 1,199,014

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1880; viz.: —

No. '

1. For salaries and incidental expenses of temporary commissions and committees

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses ...

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

Sums not exceeding

27,576

6,886

34,462

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1880; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

J' For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department -

For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection . of the Post Office revenue -

j' For the Post Office packet service * -

' For salaries and expenses of the Post Office telegraph service -

Total Revenue Departments - £

967,258

1,898,125

3,368,825

766,725

1,115,195

8,116,128

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 16.

Greenwich Hospital and School.

dances during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1880 for defraying the I £ expenses of Greenwich Hospital and School ---- |__J4£s836_

Ch. 61,52.

Appropriation Act, 1879.

284-

42 & 43VHJ,

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 17.

Exchequer Bonds.

To pay off and discharge Exchequer Bonds which will become due and payable during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1880 ,

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 18.

War in South Africa. — Vote of Credit.

Towards defraying the expenses beyond the ordinary grants of Parliament, which I £ will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March ' '1180, in consequence of the war in South Africa - | 3,000,000

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other-rates and taxes. [15th August 1879.)

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the seventh and eiph S&8W4C.1W. ' ' years of the.reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, ei*w;f&8o; intituled "An Act to appoint Commissioners for carrying ii|p.exe-7*8 Vict o'ia " cution several Acts granting an aid to His Majesty by® land niiavtotjo^. « tax to be raised in Great Britain, and continuing to His Majesty 204.2iyict.Co.4e‘ | certain duties on personal estates, offices, and pensions in England": 29 4Ewvict.<c?S; And whereas several Acts have since been.passed appointing 8als3vi<&c.Ifc additional Commissioners for carrying those Acts into execution# 87 488 Vict. c.itf And. whereas ifr is expedient ' to appoint additional persons |o

put into Execution "the several Acts for granting an add to Her Majesty by a. land tax in; Great Britain, and several other Acts for continuing or granting-to Her Majesty rates and taxes:$

Be it therefore enacted fey lib Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of "the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, And by the authority of the same, as follows:

Persons named 1. The several and respective persons named in a schedule signed "a<*hedde by an(j deposited with, the Clerk of the House of Commons .shall C$wk o/the6 ^d may fee and are hereby empowered and authorised (seeing duly. House-ofCom- qualified) to put in execution said Acts, and. all the clauses; aMtiond6 .BP®®*. ^natters, and things whatsoever therein contained as Com-Commis- ncusisioners in and for the "several and respective counties, shires, sioners. and places' in England And Wales in the said schedule severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as fully and effectually as if they had been named frith the other Commissioners ih.the said 7 &: 8 Gr. 4. recited Act passed ini' the seventh and eighth years of the reign of

c'^6, ' -His Majesty King George fehir Pfeurth; and on the passing of this

Act the said, schedule shall be printed in the London Gazette, which shall fee snffieientije^dence of , such schedule for all purposes I .whatsoever,'

Hi

Municipal Elections (Ireland) Act, 1879.

Ch. 53.

285

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to amend the Law regulating Municipal Elections in Ireland. [15th August 1879.]

Be it enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the I authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Municipal Elections (Ireland) Act, 1879.

2; From and after the passing of this Act, the Municipal Elec- ggX&ngg0of | tions Act, 1875, shall extend and apply to all municipal boroughs e 40 1 *

I in Ireland in which the Act passed in the session of Parliament

I held in the third and fourth years of the reign of Her present

Majesty, chapter one hundred and eight, intituled "An Act for the " Etgulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland " is in force, j subject to the following provisions:

nB] TKOthirteenth, section of the said Municipal Elections Act 3s & 39 vict. P shall be read as if the Act passed in the session of Parlia- c-40-

" merit held in the third and fourth years Of the reign of

'Her'present Majesty, chapter one hundred and eight, and p!'the‘ Acts amending the same, were mentioned in the said P* thirteenth section instead of the Act of the fifth and P'-'sixth years of King William the Fourth, chapter seventy the Acts amending the same:

(^Thh te'rmf<^#dhcillor " in the said Municipal Elections Act «R'Shull e^tend'to and include an alderman:

Ijl lf any extraordinary vacancy happens in the office of any ^alderman, councillor, auditor, or assessor, the'election^ to Blstipply Such vacancy' shall take place not later than ffiur-';teeh days After notice shall have been given to the mayor S|^r town clerk by any two burgesses, anything to the cOn-^ti&ry notwithstanding; and the day for holding any such Bfeection in any borough (whether the borough shall be divided into Wards or not) shall be fixed by the mayor:

(A) The duty imposed upon the overseers by the tenth section | . of the said Act with respect to the making of lists shall be ' BHy^ilbharged by the town clerk: yy The forms in the 'schedule to the Said Act shall be amended ' by adding the word " alderman " wherever it may be -itecfessary.

I So much of the eighty-first and eighty-second sections of the Repealing H| of the session of Parliament of the third and fourth years P*°-l present Majesty, chapter one hundred and eight, as relates 3 & 4 vict fixing of the day of election by the alderman shall be and is c. m. repealed.

Ch. 54.

Poor Lem Act, 1879,

42

286

QHAPTER 54.

AnActr to make , better provision for the adjustment of I Parish Boundaries and to make further amendments in I L- fe Acts. relating to the relief of the Poor in England.

[15th August 1879,] I

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem- I ... poral, and Commons, in this.present Parliament assembled, and by I the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. L, This Act, may be cited, as the Poor Law Act, 1879.

Extent of Act 2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

Commence- 3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Septan- I

ment of Act. - one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, which day is, in I this Act referral to as the commencement of this Act;

Parish BoundUiries.

Applying 4. Where part of a parish is on one side while the residue of the I certain pro- parish is on the. other side of the boundary of a municipal borough I -HoVct. comity, or. of a river, estuary, or branch of the sea,> or where part I c. 61. to of a parish is so situate as to be.nearly detached ftpm^the residue I inconvenient of the parish* or is. otherwise .so situate as to render the admumsba- I zM?? 0 tion of^e. relief of the poor in or the local government of such part in conjunction with the residue of; the parish inconvenient, the said parish shall be deemed to be a divided parish within the meaning 39 & 40 Vict. of section one of the 3)ivided Parishes and Poor La^ Amendment J Act, 1876, and the^jjroyisions of that Act shall apply accordingly . in like manner as if the said part were isolated a§ m(mtjpne||| ] that section.

Removing 5. Whereas by . section one-of the Divided Parishes and Poor doubts as to Law Amendment Act, 1876, an order may be made " for constituting 39D&Tov?ct.f I Separate, parishes oat of the divided parish, or for amalgamating c. 61. s. l. ‘ " some of the parts thereof with, the parish spj,parishes in which to 'a same may be,locally included, or to which they, may be annexed*; and^douhts have ai^n with respect, fo the construct}oAdf the said provision, apd it is expedient to remove such doulijis^ Bp it therefore enaqted.as follows:;^ v .

An order under the said Act..may deal with several divided parishes at the same time, ..and; may, constitute separate parishes out of any of .such, divided parishes or out,of parts of several divided parishes, and may unite any parts of a divided joarish pr.of several divided .parishes with.pjich^other, and.,amalgamate the partoso united with, any adjedning parish, and may amalgamate any part of a dirided parish or !partsJr,Qf .several divided^parishes,with an adjoining parish or adjoining parishes."

Extension of 6. Where a parish was at the time of the passing of the Ac^f 89 * 40 the twentieth year of Her present Majesty, chapter nineteen', infi-tamplaces1" tuled "An Act to? provide for the relief of the Poor in extra-formerly extra- parochial places," an extra-parochial place, and a representation parochial. jg made to the Local Government Board that, by reason of the relative size and shape? of such parish, and its position in respect to other parishes, the relief of the poor could be better administered

Ch, 54.

287

f wr a ' Poor Law Act, 1879;

I 18/9.

I fi1tie same, or any part or parts thereof, were amalgamated with the I j'Xjjjioff parish of parishes, an order may be made in pursuance I As Divide Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, in 39 &4o Vict. I Jation to such parish, in like manner as if the said parish were a c* 61‘

I prided parish.

I ^.iffihereas bisection five of the Divided Parishes and Poor Removing I ^Amendment Act, 1876, provision is made for dealing with a I pjtish included in a highway district, and doubts have arisen as order under I | the] effect of an order under the said Act so far as regards 89 & 40 Vict. I highways, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it there- e* 61‘s' 5,

1 fee enacted as follows:

Where a parish is a place separately maintaining its own high-I hays, an order made either before or after the commencement-of I this Act under the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 39 & 40 vfet. I ||6j shall be deemed to have dealt with that parish for highway C-6L j well as for poor law purposes.

jWherea parish is not a place separately maintaining its own highways, ah order under the Divided Parishes and Poor Law 39 & 40 Vict. Amendment Act, 1876,; dealing with such poor law parish or any 61-part thereof,q may deal with any area affected fey the order for I highway purposes in like manner as it deals with the same for poor ^purposes.

'Where any such order has been made before the passing of this J Actj a supplemental , order may be made under the said Act for the purposes ^dealing with the area so far as regards highways.

<for the i purposes of this section^ any parish, township, or place I separately* maintaining its own highways or entitled to return a I separate yaywarden to a-highway board under the Highway Acts 1 .ii.ii . Uv deemed fo be a place separately maintaining its own

Miscellaneous Amendments of Law.

8. $here on any representation, it appears to the Local- Govern- Combination of I Went.Board that, the combination, of two or more unions not in the J ^opolisfor any purpose connected with the administration of the .

I of the poor would tend to , diminish expense, or would, pther-I the Board may, with the

j ®5ent c^the guardians of..the Unions to be combined, make an order for combining such unions for the purposes named, therein,

I for constituting for the execution of, such purposes a joint com-Xrttee of the guardians, of each of the. combined unions.

shall.define thg. powersj,rights, dutieg, habilitie^,an<f J lotions of the joint camim^tpe, and regulate ||| election meet-I the.. jjoijit. conpniittee, the mode of defraying,the

I Reuses of the joint, ,compjittee^ and any other matter or thing Wailing thp- adjustment o£ present and future hahilities^and j^bich it appears; necessary. or; proper to regulate, for the ! ^r^aiyying, into effept,the,prder.

Ciguardians of a unjpn included in siyih combination shafi, save 48 otherwise provided' by the order, cease to exercise any pptjers M -jgghts, and to (be subjectjto any duties,.liabilities, and obliga-Ypsted by t^e ox^ej^iTi the jojnt committee,..,

288

Ch. 54.

Amendment of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 106. B. 2. as to application for alteration of certain Local Acts. Extension of 14 & 15 Vict. 105. 8. 4. as

Poor Law Act, 1879. 4U«VI(J

All property acquired by the joint committee shall be vested1 I the boards of guardians of the unions included in the combiW I as tenants in common.

An order may be made for amending, adding to, or revoking any I order previously made under this section. °

9. An application under section two of the Poov Law Amendment Act, 1867, may be made by any churchwardens, overseers I managers, commissioners, or other persons having any powers or duties under any such Local Act as is in that section mentioned, as well as by the guardians.

10. Whereas by section four of the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1851, guardians are authorised, with such consent as is therein mentioned, to subscribe towards the support and maintenance of I

to institutionsS any public hospital or infirmary as therein mentioned, and it is expedient to extend the said section : Be it therefore enacted as follows:

The provisions of the said section shall extend to authorise the guardians, with such consent as is therein mentioned, to subscribe towards any asylum or institution for blind persons, or for deaf and dumb persons, or for persons suffering from any permanent or natural infirmity, or towards any association or society for aiding such persons, or for providing nurses, or for aiding girls or boys in service, or towards any other asylum or institution which appears to the guardians, with such consent as aforesaid, to be calculated to render useful aid in the administration of the relief of the poor.

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorise any subscription to any asylum or institution unless the Local Government Board be satisfied that the paupers under the guardians have or could have assistance therein in case of necessity Power for 11. The guardians of any union, for the purpose of fitting up and

guardians to furnishing any workhouse under their control, may borrow money furnishing1, &c. accordance with the provisions of the Poor Law Amendment workhouses. Act, 1834, and the Acts amending the same, including this Act.

4 & 5 Will. 4. 12. Whereas section five of the Union Loans Act, 1869, provides

that any sum or sums of money borrowed by guardians maybe rePaid either by thirty equal annual payments of the principal, or by such equal annual payments as will repay the sum borrowed within thirty years, and it is expedient to authorise the repayment of any sum or sums in manner herein-after mentioned : Be it therefore enacted as follows:

Section five of the Union Loans Act, 1869, shall be construed as if there were substituted for the thirty equal annual payments and the thirty years therein mentioned such number of equal annual payments not exceeding thirty, and such number of years not exceeding thirty, as the guardians, with the consent of the Local Application of Government Board, may in each case determine.

32 & 38 Vict. 13. The provisions of the Union Loans Act, 1869, shall he ^emed to have applied, and as amended by this Act shall apply, to of district the managers of district schools and to the managers of districts

3?°&0l3i^t co"s<iuted under th® Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, in like manner avia vict. as they were guardians.

Transfer of , df * aPP^r to thf grdmns of any union desirable that any

buildings, &c. hospital or building vested in them as guardians under tl, i t to rural sani- - Acts

32 & 33 Vict. c. 45. s. 5. as to loans to guardians.

32 & 33 Vict. C. 45.

Ch. 54.

289

Poor Law Act, 1879.

, relief of the poor should be vested in them as the tary authority

1 "‘fStoCTOTthoriVof 8Uch for "?*!" 0(

I n^. from any dangerous infectious disorder, the guardians I resolution, to be confirmed by an order of the Local

I Tvernfflent Board, transfer such hospital or building accordingly;

I H from and after the date named in the order such hospital or I Siding shall be deemed to be vested in the guardians as the rural I sanitary authority of the union, for the use of the inhabitants of I tie union or part thereof named in the resolution and order.

jf the same is to be for the use of the inhabitants of any part of I tie union comprised in an urban sanitary district the order may determine the contribution to be made by the urban sanitary authority of such district towards the maintenance of the hospital or building.

Where an urban sanitary district comprises part of the union, end the said hospital or building is not to be for the use of the inhabitants of that part, the order may determine the value of the interest of that part of the union in such hospital or building, and the manner in which such value is to be paid to that part by the residue of the union for whose use the hospital or building is to be n lept and the application of the sum so paid.

I u' u 6 -^e*'roP°btan Asylums Board may from time to time. Power for I nth the approval of the Local Government Board, contract with Metropolitan I any ocal authority in the metropolis acting in the execution of the toTontract°ar I oisancesRemoval Act, 1855, and the Acts amending the same, for with local au-I S tedeption and maintenance in any hospital belonging to or under thoribr for | e management of such board of any person suffering from any hThosp'ital of I angerous infectious disorder within the district of any such local persons suffer-authority, and any person received into an hospital by virtue of inS fr<M?

I con^rac^ under this section shall be deemed to be main- lousdisorfer.

I ed m such hospital by the local authority with whom the 18 & 19 Vict I contract is made. e. 121.

I Any expenses incurred by a local authority for the maintenance I ol any person under this section shall be deemed to be due from I 1 person to the local authority, and may be recovered by the I authority from him, or from his representatives, at any time I wthin six months after his discharge from such hospital.

16. The Metropolitan Asylums Board may from time to time Power for provide and maintain carriages suitable for the conveyance of per- Metropolitan sons suffering from any dangerous infectious disorder, and shall ^proridf03"1 I cause the same to be from time to time properly cleansed and ambulances.

disinfected, and may provide and maintain such buildings and I horses, and employ such persons, and do such other things as.are I accessary or proper for the purposes of such conveyance.

All expenses incurred by the Metropolitan Asylums Board in the I execution of this section to such extent as the Local Government hoard may sanction shall be paid out of the Metropolitan Common I Poor Fund.

17 Where a rate is levied by the overseers of a parish over part Power to re-I of the parish only, the officers ordinarily employed in the collection I of the noor rate shall, if required by the overseers, collect such first- for coiieeting t. P j -ote and shall receive out of the same such remuneration rates in parts I f i},0116 dditional duty as the overseers, with the consent of the of Par,shes-

I vestry, iaay

gflfw lif'

290

Definitions.

" Metropolis."

" Metropolitan

Asylums

Board."

" Parish."

" Municipal horough."

5 & 6 Will. 4.

apjjj

" Urban and rural sanitary district."

88 & 39 Vict. &55.

" Union."

" Guardians." 4 & 5 WUL 4. o. 76.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76.

Saying as to 39 & 40 Vict. C.61.S.43.

Ch. 54, 55. Poor, Lam. Act, 1879. 42 & 43 mg

18. ,fo this Act, unless inconsistent with the context,* —

The. expression, ‘‘.the' Metropolis " means all . parishes and, pj^ in which.ithe*;Metropolitan Board of Works ^havei ifor the; jbeipg power to. levy the consolidated rate : 1 Tlio ^expression i j§| Metropolitan . Asylums Board .'! jmeans A ' ijMaJiagers of the Meisropolitan Asylums District :.),

The,expression,"parish " means any parish, township, or placeifa which a-separate >poor rate is or .can be made The expression "rmunicipal horough '' mean s a borpughi. for: & i-tips being subject to,"the Municipal Corporation;Act, 1835,M , the Acts amending the same:

The expressions 1" urban sanitary district" and " rural sanitary district % mean respectively an urban sanitary district and rural sanitary district within the meaning of the Public Health-Act, .1875.:

The expressionuiiion" means a union, of parishes undeu general ori local Act, with a separate board of guardians, and 1}j. includesi a parish for which there is a separate board of guai-.-'t dians:

The, expression " guardians | means guardians appointed pdei the Poor Law Amendment Act, 4834, and the Acts amending ii the same, and includes guardians or other body of personsper-‘iv forming:,udder sany Bocal Act the like functions ..as guardians Under the Poor. Law Amendment Act, 1834. I

19. Nothing in this Act. contained shall repeal, alter, or .affect any of the provisions .,iorf the forty-third section of the Divided Parishes. and Poor Law. Amendment Act,* 1876.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to reduce^He Minimum Term of Penal Servitride H in the case, of 4 a preyious conviction, and to amend fe g Law with, irejspec^ to the. notifications and reports in&$ j under sections five and eight of tjhe Prevention of 0# 1 Act,48&,.-. [15tfi Angusljlfl] 1

BE it enacted by the Queen's-most Excellent Majesty^ by and 9 with'- ' *die- ostrich;'' and consent of'- -the! Lords Spiritual land 1 Temporal and' Godn&OnS!' in this present Parliament assembled, and 1 by the> UAithority;d#tlS saniei asifallows:

Repeal of ! Wherste b^‘Action two ofdhe Penal Bervitudej Act, 1864^t|

27 & 28 Vict. ens^d 'as'-ftj^lo^i — ^" Where any pdrsomshall fori indictmedt® I to miniiinum9 " 'GMftrieiJtd'tif jfc^brihid 'Or 'dffSnce punishablewith penal servitude, 9 tern for sen- " aft®?* having" been^eviOusly conyicted'tof felony,- in SeotW I

tence of penal « of any crime (whether such1 previous conviction1! shall have take® | servitude. « -tqpcm; seal' oiP under the-provisibnsi'of.tb^A1* |

I?passed in the: eighteenth andimiheteenthiofWictOria, chapt®*®6 g hundred and twenty-six), the least sentence of penal servit®*6 s R fiiiaf'can^' awarded mPSUch cage Shall be a period'''of set® 1 !.i yearsand it fe'e^'edieiit tbrepeal ^he *said .ehactnient!:-Be® | -1? therefore enacted'a^Hows:1' : 1 . '

27 & 28 vict. v So mnch of Seiftion twe^cte the Penal Sdr-vitudejAc^ l^i^; I c- 47. abOvCf r^eited'ls' hereby repealed so ¥ar> as, regards Ahy sent®0®6 j

awarded after the commencement of this Act.nrujut

Ch. 55.

291

i0. ( 'Prevention of Grime Act, 1879.1

2 Whereas by section five of the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871, Amsndment of jienacted as follows: MJ55 Vict'

"Every holder, of a license granted under the Penal Servitude ^to notifies- *

* Acte who is at large in Great Britain or Ireland, shall notify the tion ofreri-«pjace of his residence to the chief officer of police of the district dence "d

«iflwhieh his residence is situated, and shall, whenever he changes hold^°n" ii gQoh residence within the same police district, notify such change license and a to the chief officer of police of that district, and whenever he offender under

* changes his residence from one police district to another shall 0

* notify such change of residence to the chief officer of police of «the district which he is leaving and to the chief officer of police " of thejpoli.ee district into which he goes to reside, moreover, every «male holder of, such a license as aforesaid shall, once in each

* month, report himself at such time as may he prescribed by the «chief officer of police of the district in which such holder may he,

* either to such chief officer himself or to such other person as that

* officer may direct, and such report may, according as such chief 8 officer directs, he required to be made personally or by letter

And whereas by section eight of the same Act a like provision is made in the; case of persons who, on conviction, have been sentenced to be subject to the supervision of the police:

And whereas it is expedient to make further provision with respecttothe-Said notification and report: Be it therefore enacted | follows:

Any holder of a license required under section five, and any person Subject* Ho' "the supervision of the police required under section eight Of the Prevention of Grimes Act, 1871, to notify his 34 & 35 Vict. residence or atfy change of his residence to a chief officer of police c*112-M comply with such requirement by personally presmiting himself and declaring his place of residence to the constable or person who at the time when such notification, is made is in charge of the police stationer, office of which'notice has been .given to such holder or person as the .place for receiving his notification, or if no such notice has been given, in charge of the chief office of such chief officer of police.

IJr^power of the chief officer of a police district to .direct that ffiejpports .requiredi.by sections|five and eight of the,Prevention 34 & 35 Vict. of Crimes Act, 1871, to be made by holders of licenses and persons c‘112* subject to the supervision of the police shall he made to, some other poison shall extend to authorise him to direct such reportsto .be ®ade to the constable or person in charge of any particular police station or,-office without naming the individual person^ ,

Apytappointment. direction, or authority purporting to be signed 7/fhe.chief officer of police, and to have been made or given for purposes of this. Act, or iof sections five and eight of the Preven- 34 & 35 Vict. fjjftffil Grimes Act, tl871, or one of them, shall be evidence, until c*118,

contrary is proved, that the appointment,: direction, or. authority made or given was duly made or: given by the chief officer Police, andi,evidence that it .appears from ithe records kept by gorily of the chief officer of police .that a person required as ab°ve mentioned to notify his residence or change of residence or a'report bas failed to comply with such requirement, shall primfti facie .evidence that the person has not complied with $$ requirement, but if - the- person charged alleges that he made'

292 0h. 55-57. Prevention of Grime Act, 1879. 42 & 43 V105

such* notification or report to any particular person or at any parti-j cular time, the court shall require the attendance of such persons« may he necessary to prove the truth or falsehood of such allegiliS|' Commence- 3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Septea.

ment of Act. . . , . ,r , . . . , y , , P.TSL

her one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine (which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act).

Short title. 4, This Act may he cited as the Prevention of Crime Act, 1879,

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to continue for a further period the Regulation of Railways Acts, 1873 and 1874. [15th August 1879.]

so & 37 Vict. "TXT HERE AS the Regulation of Railways Acts, 1873 and 1874, 374& 38 Vict * ' will expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand

c. 40. W ©ight hundred and seventy-nine; and it is expedient to continue the said Acts for a further period:$

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual aid Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1« This Act may be cited as the Regulation of Railways Acts, v * 1873 and 1874, Continuance Act, 1879.

Continuing 2. The Regulation of Railways Acts, 1878 and 1874, and any 36 & 87 Vict. enactments amending or affecting the same, in so far as they are 874& 88 Vict temporary in their duration, shall continue in force until the thirty-c. 40. 1C first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-tfto.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to amend the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

[15th August 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with . the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, a,ad by the authority of the same, ai'follows:

1. This Act may he cited as the Publife Health (Ireland) Amend* 01 e‘ ment Act;. 1879, and shall extend to Ireland only;

* 2. Every urban sanitary authority not otherwise' incorporated)

of wtoisanU and every other person or body of persons acting as a sanitary taryauthori- authority under the provisions of the Public Health (Ireland) Act «fcfe".1878. and riot- otherwise incorporated, shall be a' body corporate fot « & 42 . Vict. purposes of the?Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878^:tiAdi&

- title- Of the sanitary authority of the Sanitary district- for whi® each sttch! utbau authority, dr person or persons, act under tW provisions of- the said Act, with perpetual succession -and a comm® seal and with power- to sue' arid M<sued in their'corporate capac# and to hold lands without any license in mortmain.for the purpose of the said Actova rim/., | .. 1 .

undra8 made 3* made upriorrto' the passing of; the Publie Hea^j

19 & 20 vict. (Inland) Act, 1878^ under the; provisions :of<;th# Burial Gr01in

10':

hf^iblic Eealth (^Ireland) Amendment Act, 1879. Ch. 57. 293

1 Act. 1856, or any Act amending the same, for the discon- c.98., and Aeta burials in any place, or otherwise in relation to any T,rChyard or burial ground, shall he as effectual for all purposes as rf they were orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland

under the provisions of the third part of the Public Health 41 & 42 vict /Ireland) Act, 1878; and all the provisions of the said Act appli- c-52-Jjblfl to orders ,made by the Local Government Board in accordance -itt the provisions of the third part of the said Act shall apply to such orders made prior to the passing of the Public Health (Ireland) 41 & 42 vict. let, 1878, as fully as if they were orders of the Local Government c. 52.

Board made under the third part of the said Act.

4, In addition to any powers vested at the time of the passing Burial of per-of this Act in the guardians of the poor of any union for providing sons whose for the burial of the bodies of persons unknown, and for supplying

coffins and sbrouds in certain cases, and otherwise in relation to to provide burials, it shall be lawful for the guardians of the poor of any fo* their union, or in case of urgency for the relieving officer, in cases where1 nt‘ the relatives of any person dying within the union are not known, or by reason of their absence, or poverty, or otherwise, are unable # provide for the burial of such deceased person, to defray all necessary and proper expenses incurred in the burial of such deceased person, subject to any rules which the Local Government Board for Ireland may make in that behalf; and the expenses incurred bp the guardians under this section shall be charged on the rates of the electoral division or of the union in like manner as the said deceased person would have been chargeable if he had been in receipt of relief at the time of his death, or on such other fund at the disposal of the guardians as the Local Government Board shall prescribe.

5. Where any, Act empowers any urban sanitary authority to Certain Act* cause the, streets or footways under their control to be paved or deenwd^Sani-flagged, such Act, su far as it relates to the paving or flagging of4817 et*' streets on footways, shall, for all the purposes of the sections of

fte (Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, which have reference to4i&42Vlet. tie borrowing: of 1 money for the purposes of the Sanitary Acts, c*52‘ fe deemed to be a Sanitary Act within the meaning of the term "Sanitary Acts" as defined by the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 41*42 Vict

8. In .urban sanitary districts the urban sanitary authority, Byelaws as end hrisuch parts of counties as are outside the limits of any to traffic' ®ban sanitary district- thri grand jury, may, respectively, from tone to jiame, make byelaws as to: the hours during which locomotives propelled by steam or by other than animal power are s°t to pass; oVer the roads or highways situate within the areas respectively, above mentioned, the hours being in all cases eon-^tive .hours, and nob more than feight 'out of the twenty-four, ,

d for .regulating the use of, such locomotives upon any highway,

°r Preventing such use upon every bridge where such authority: is ^tisfiedjihat such use would be attended with danger to the public; jmd any person iu charge of a locomotive.acting contrary to such velars shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds, to be ^vered in a summary manner.

294

Returns as to burials.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

Short title. Mode of collecting fees payable in public offices.

Regulations by Treasury.

Gfi.-Sy, 58; 'PkbUGHealth (I.) Amendment Act, 1879. 4»2 & 43Viei

7. The returns which the clerk, or secretary, or registrar to every burial board1 and cemetery > company or other authority-having charge of'ally burial ground is required to make iu1 accordant with the provisions of1 the ohe hundred and ninety-first section Of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall either be tram, naitted by each such clerk, or secretary, or registrar to the registrar of' births and deaths of the district prescribed by the said section oh shall be sent to the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in Ireland as Hie Local Government Board shall from time to time bfdew

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to provide for the Collection, either in money of by stamps, of Pees payable in Public Offices.

[15th August 1879.]

BE it enacted by the- Queen's most Excellent Majesty by and u i . with.: .the. advice wand ^qopsent of the Lords, Spiritual and temporal, and Gammons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1; This Act may be cited as the Public Offices Fees Act, 187%,(l 2. The fees payable in any public office, shall be collected either in,^noney or by means of stamps, or partly in pne way and partly in; the other way,;.according as may be from time to time directed byorder; of,;th$ Gpmhussioners of. Her,Majesty')?,Treasury.!?!1

Afit.referred to, the.Treasury)* ,

;v,Every, such /Order .shall; be, , published:. in> .the, London; Gazette, and shall come into operation on the date of such. pubhcationor any later date mentioned in the order.

3. The'rTreasurymay from timO to time make,.a!Mwheii Made 'rC^bke.-alter; and, addHS, regulations for all or any '-of the following purposes respecting fees in any public office; that is to shy,

' the manner in Which, fee fees/ taken in. money,

afe to be taken, Accounted for,1 and paid.'Over:. '''‘'!(2.)'Eetdrifiining ffle^ihdbf dm^e^d'nf adhCsiie htarips, add; the mbde-of cancellation of adhesive stamps i, "

£pP| Regulatinigthe iih& bf statnps 'and^pfescribing the appficat)® % % thereof to^ documents from time to time in use/'ind m-yregwring dacdmenteltosdfejpiedrforifthe purpose#^ <4stmipsi

The regulations.Jbr/fhe: tjmejpeimg'in fijfcejainder this seotiomshsll apply to. the. officer named ini such regulations!, and shall be thinding on: ah courts,vofficersy;and'persons' tpi-wham tboke' regujatipDK'iseferi in the same ;ihianner as. if theyi were enacted by; this.) AeWsi; a Anyydocuinent w$rieh ou^atitQj:bear a stampiin pdmuuhceOf ^y reguktionwvin; .force under! thisiisefetion ahah:incffihe.meeived/w used,- or admitted in evidence unless or. until it is properly stamped within the time prescribed tbynthe regukticumi -but df i any sndh document is, through| mistake nr inadvertence, received, filed,'0] used without' -bein^iproperly sfempedp the.«ame inayxbe stem]?®" under .the r;direetid^ofi such > court-of persbn; Sand umler' such2^ ditions as may be prescribed by the/regulations.:" U

Ch. 58.

295

, d FeMie Offices Fees Act, 1879.

regulations under this Act, so far as they relate to the office -any court of law, shall he made with the consent of the Lord

I (pcellor.

4, Nothing in1 this Act shall interfere with any* power of altering Saving for j}f*&ferwi8e regulating the amount of any fees for the time being ^Snt" jayable in any public office, or of any salary or charge for the of fee*.

(foie being payable out of such fees.

5, Thg, Commission ers of Inland Revenue shall prepare and issue Preparation I stamp3 required for the purposes of this Act, and all enactments

I relating to the fprgery and counterfeiting of stamps under the con- 0 8 p8‘

tiolof the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and of dies Or paper fortbe sanibj add to the fraudulent use thereof shall apply in the case of Stamps under this Act.

M&|munissioners of Inland Revenue shall keep such separate accounts of ahf moneys received in respect of stamps under this Ict as the Treasury from time to time direct, iii^bjeet jto the, deduction of, any expenses incurred by ,the IpniSsioners of Inland Revenue in respect of the preparation and 01 e8‘ ime,of,stamps, ,all moneys received by those Commissioners in r®pecit of Stamps under this Act shall, be applied as fees collected under this Act.

jAlifees^eoJlected .under this Act, when applicable by,lawL>fe?.the payment (salaries , or other expenses ^r. ojtiprwise, shall,.bo-.so applied, but, §ay,e.as. aforesaid*. shall be paid into the Exchequer, and, form part of the Consolidated Fund. i.

r7.'This-'A&t shall apply to all fees, percentages^and other sums Application of j payable .in or to any officer of-any pubiin office or-department the Act* expenses of which are paid wholly or partly out of the Consolidated Fundofirfoneys provided by Parliament; including the offices.connected with the Supreme Courts of Judicature, courts ?!of bank-| filpfe/s county ediiits, 1 and other courts of-law in the HJidted Kingdom, orlipaiyable :to any officerwho is paid wholly or partly out of the Consolidated Fund or moneys provided by Parliament; j and^the expression " fee '' shall mclude redl such percentages. -and | suns.

"Prbvided that-nothing in 4his Act shall apply — -

to1 duties granted to Her Majesty and under the control of the Commissioners of Customs or the Commissioners of '"Inland Revenue; or (2J) %o any-fees payable in either- House of Parliament; or ilip) to-any fees payable in, Or*te anyofficer of, any office of I*3 Her Majesty's Duchy or County Palatine o,f Lancaster, ifhe Cb&htcellor of "the said Duchy or County n^ T'Alatine- of Lancaster consents to the Act applying 1 to such'last-meiitionedfees.1' ' 1 > v '

8/The Public Offices 'F6es Act, 1886, and ev^ty other enactment Repealing plating to _ the taking, applying, nndVAccounting for toy ,fee& to ^976 ^ict ^t^tlM XiiVa^pIi^s^dre^tteiife^ re^fenlnd: - v y other enaeU

v'C-'" r- 'l_ ments.

, (1.) This repeal shall not affect anything already ..done or sutfered'ih pPrsuance df any enactment hpBy Repealed;

; and

Ch. 59.

297

290 Ch. 58, 59. Public Offices Fees Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict,

(2.) The fees to which this Act applies shall, until any order is made under this Act with respect to those fees, continue to be taken, applied, and accounted for in the existing manner in all respects as if the enactments hereby repealed which relate thereto were not repealed,

CHAPTER 59.

An Act for repealing certain Enactments relating to Civil Procedure which have ceased to he in force, or have become unnecessary, and for abolishing Outlawry in Civil Proceedings. [15th August 1879,] '

WERE AS, with a view to the revision of the Statute Law, it is expedient- that certain enactments (mentioned in the schedule to this Act) which relate to civil procedure or matters connected therewith, and which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express and specific repeal by Parliament, or have, by lapse of time and change of circumstances, become unnecessary, be expressly and specifically repealed:

And whereas the process of outlawry in civil proceedings has become obsolete, and it is expedient that it be formally abolished, and that the enactments relating thereto be repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act, 1879.

Repeal of 2. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are enactments in hereby repealed, subject to the exceptions and qualifications mentioned in this Act and in the schedule to this Act.

Abolition of 3. After the passing of this Act no person shall be outlawed outlawry in or waived in or in consequence of any civil proceeding, and no f prooee<i" proceedings to outlawry or waiver in or in consequence of any civil proceeding shall be taken at the instance of the Crown or otherwise.

4. — (1.) The repeal effected by this Act shall not affect:

(a.) Anything done or suffered before the passing of this Act under any enactment repealed by this Act; or (5.) Any jurisdiction or principle or rule of law or equity established or confirmed, or right or privilege acquired, or duty or liability imposed or incurred, or compensation . secured, by or under any enactment so repealed; or (c.) Any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or any charges thereon; or (d.) The repeal, confirmation, revival, or perpetuation by any enactment so repealed of any enactment not so repealed;

or I 1

(e.) The application or incorporation of any enactment so repealed by any enactment not so repealed.

Saving as to

repealed

enactments.

10 r Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act, 1879.

/a) The repeal effected by this Act shall not extend to any A of Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom, and yj not, as regards the enactments described in Part II. of the ^ohedule to this Act, operate in respect of any court other than d,e Supreme Court of Judicature in England.

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall be construed to imply that any eBactment described in Part II. of the schedule to this Act has not njased to be in force or become unnecessary as regards any court other than the Supreme Court of Judicature in England.

(t) This Act shall not revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, right,

] title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, or other matter or thing, not existing or in force at the passing of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

ENACTMENTS REPEALED.

This Schedule is to be read as referring to the Revised Edition of the Statutes prepared under the direction of the Statute Law Committee in all cases of statutes included in that edition.

The chapters of the statutes (before the division into separate Acts) are described by the marginal abstracts given in that edition.

The repeal by the present Act of a part of a statute set out or referred to in terms of the translation given in that edition is to operate on the original Latin or Norman-French, of which the translation is set out or referred to, as if the original itself were in like manner set out or referred to.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part, first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation. * I

PART I.

Enactments Repealed. Generally.

20 Hen. 3. c.10.

40 Hen. 3. (Stat.

Bme®.)

52 Hen. 3. c. 18.

52 Hen. 3. c. 19.

52 Hen. 3. c. 20.

52 Hen. 3. c. 28.

3 Edw. 1. c. 21.

3 Edw. 1, c. 24.

3 Edw! 1. c. 35.

®Edw. 1. c. 1. in part.

133 5. 6®dw. 1. c. 8.

The Provisions of Merton. Chapter Ten. Attornies in County Courts.

A Provision for the Day in Leap Year. The extra Day in Leap Year and the Day preceding shall be reckoned as one Day.

The Statute of Marlborough. Chapter Eighteen. Amercements for Defaults restrained.

The Statute of Marlborough. Chapter Nineteen. Pleas of False Judgment confined to the King's Courts.

The Statute of Marlborough. Chapter Twenty. In County Courts, &c.

Essoins need not be sworn.

The Statute of Marlborough. Chapter Twenty-eight. Prelates, &c. may prosecute for Wrongs done to their Predecessors, and in time of vacation. The Statutes of Westminster, the First. Chapter Twenty-one. Lands in Ward shall be duly kept.

The Statutes of Westminster, the First. Chapter Twenty-four. Unlawful Disseisin by Escheators, &c.

The Statutes of Westminster, the First. Chapter Thirty-five. Excess of I Jurisdiction in Franchises.

I The Statutes of Gloucester. Chapter One. Damages in Novel Disseisin.

In Mort d'Auncestor. Cosinage, &c. When Damages shall be recovered | then costs also. Damages generaUy; -:$

Except from " And whereas before Time" to "recover Damages."

The Statutes of Gloucester. Chapter Five. Action of Waste extended.

I The Statutes of Gloucester. Chapter Eight. In what Court Pleas of ! Trespass shall lie. Defendants may plead by Attornies. Essoins by 1 Plaintiffs. Defendants.

298

Ch. 59.

Civil Procedv/re Acts Repeal Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vici

12 Edw. 1-in pari

13 Edw. 1. o. 10.

13 Edw. 1. c. 14. 13 Edw. 1. c. 22. 13 Edw. 1. c. 29.

13 Edw. 1. c. 35. in part.

13 Edw. 1. c. 36. 13 Edw. 1. c. 50. 18 Edw. 1.

18 Edw. 1.

25 Edw. 1. c. 11. 25 Edw. 1; c. 12.

27Edw. l.(Ordi».

de Lib. Per.) 28 Edw. 1. c. 3. in part.

28 Edw. 1. o. 6.

Temp. incert. St at. de Ward' et Releviis.

1 Edw. 3. Stat. 1.

c. 4.

2 Edw. 3. c. 16. 5 Edw. 3. c. 12.

5 Edw. 3. c. 13.

9 Edw. 3. Stat. 1.

c. 3.

14 Edw. 3. Stat. 1.

c. 14.

Provisions made in the Exchequer, otherwise called the Statute of Rutland in part; namely, —

From "But for so much as certain Pleas " to " Ministers aforesaid" being the part described in the following marginal abstract: "No " suit shall be prosecuted in the Exchequer unless it concern the " King or his Officers there."

The Statutes of Westminster, the Second. Chapter Ten. Time of the delivering of Writs for Suits depending before Justices in Eyre. Anv Person may make a General Attorney in Eyre.

The Statutes of Westminster, the Second. Chapter Fourteen. The Process in an Action of Waste. A Writ of Inquiry of Waste.

The Statutes of Westminster, the Second. Chapter Twenty-two. Waste between Joint Tenants and Tenants in common.

The Statutes of Westminster, the Second. Chapter Twenty-nine. To whom and in what cases Commissions to hear and determine shall be granted. A Writ of Odio et Atia.

The Statutes of Westminster, the Second. Chapter Thirty-five. Punishment of him that taketh away a Ward. Writ of ravishment of Ward. In the proper County. Process against an Offender. Writ, if the Heir be carried into another County. Death of the Heir before the Suit ended. Death of the Plaintiff. Death of the Defendant. Resummons in Communi Custodia. The like in Ejectione Custodiae; in part; namely, —

From " and thereupon the Plaintiff shall have such a Writ," to the End of the Chapter.

The Statutes of Westminster, the Second. Chapter Thirty-six. Penalty for procurement of Suits in Courts Baron, County Courts, &c.

The Statutes of Westminster, the Second. Chapter Fifty. Commencement of the foregoing Statutes.

The Statute of Quo Warranto. How Writs of Quo Warranto ought to be determined and pleaded in future. Liberties by Prescription. Liberties by Charter. Pleas of Quo Warranto shall be determined on Circuit. Another new Statute of Quo Warranto. Liberties by Prescription or the King's Grant.

Magna Carta. Chapter Eleven. Common Pleas.

Magna Carta. Chapter Twelve. Assizes of Novel Disseisin and Mort d'Ancestor. Circuits. Adjournment of Causes for Difficulty.

An Ordinance of purchasing Liberties. Chapter Five. Attornies of Sick Persons,. &c.

Articles upon the Charters. ' Chapter Three. Of what things only the Steward and Marshal of the King's House shall hold Plea. What Coroners shall inquire of the Death of a Man slain within the Rape; in part; namely, —

From the beginning of the Chapter to "it shall be holden as void." Articles upon the Charters. Chapter Six. No Common Law Writ under the Petty Seal.

Statute concerning Wards and Reliefs. Relief and Wardship co-relative. Serjeant,. Sokemen. Writs of Ward; in case of Knight's Service. Socage to demand the Land and Heir; where there are two Lords,- to demand the Heir only.

Statute the First. Chapter Four. Averment against the Record in a Writ of False. Judgment.

Statute made at Northampton. Chapter Sixteen. Inquests in the Country shall be granted on Request of the Tenant.

Statute made at Westminster. Chapter Twelve, Of Pardon on Outlawries. Satisfaction of Plaintiff's Damages. On Outlawry before Appearance, Party outlawed shall yield himself. Plaintiff shall be named to appear and proceed. Statute made at Westminster. Chapter Thirteen. Averment of Plaint® (or for the King) shall be received against Imprisonment alleged to defeat Outlawry.

Roll of the Statute made at York, Statute the First. Chapter Three. Executors shall not fourch by Essoin. Process against Executors. Judgment against all where some only plead.

Statute the First. Chapter Fourteen. After four Writs of Search for the King returned, the King put to answer; on Petition for Lands in his hands. The Great or Privy Seal shall not hinder this Statute.

Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act, 1879.

Ch. 59.

299

34fidw-1

37 Edw.

c. 13. . c. H. 3. c. 2.

Ordinance for the Justices. Chapter One. Justices shall do right to all Persons without regard of Letters.

Ordinance for the Justices. Chapter Two. The Barons of the Exchequer shall do right without Delay.

A Statute against Annullers of Judgments of the King's Court; made in the Twenty-seventh Year. Chapter One. All subjects suing in a Foreign Court for matters made cognizable in the King's Court, or questioning elsewhere the judgments of the King's Court, shall have Two Months Warning to answer for such Contempt. On Non-appearance they shall be outlawed, forfeit their Lands and Goods, and be imprisoned. Offenders coming in before Outlawry shall be received.

A Statute made in the Parliament holden at Westminster. Chapter Thirteen. Escheators shall take Inquests by Good People; by Indenture and not privily.

A Statute made in the Parliament holden at Westminster. Chapter Fourteen. Offices found before Escheators may be traversed in Chancery, and tried in the King's Bench.

A Statute concerning Diet and Apparel. Chapter Two. A Writ of Idemptitate Nominis in Outlawry. The Party shall be admitted to find Surety there-

1 Ric. 2- c. 12.

6 Ric. 2. c. 2.

7 Ric. 2.0.14.

8 Ric. 2. c. 5.

13 Ric. 2. stat. 1. c. 2.

13 Bio. 2. stat. 1.

15 Ric. 2. c. 3.

in part.

I® 2. c. 6.

Hen. 4. Ci >j

l!|ji 4. e, 23.

?Hen- 4. c. 13

3 Hen 1 k ' k stat. 1.

c. 2.

Ml

ln Part.

upon.

Roll of the Statutes of the First Year of King Richard II. Chapter Twelve. Warden of the Fleet shall not let at large Prisoners in Execution. Punishment by Loss of Office. Action of Debt at the Suit of the Plaintiff. Penalty for confessing a Debt to the King, to the delay of another's Execution.

Statute made at Westminster in the Sixth Year. Chapter Two. Actions of Debt and Account shall be brought in their proper Counties.

Statute made at Westminster in the Seventh Year. Chapter Fourteen. For enabling Parties out of the Realm to appoint Attornies in Writs of Premunire.

Statute made at Westminster in the Eighth Year. Chapter Five. Pleas at Common Law shall not be discussed before the Constable and Marshal.

Statute of the Thirteenth Year. Statute the First. Chapter Two. Jurisdiction of the Constable and Marshal. Of whose Contracts the Constable hath cognizance. Declarations thereof. Prohibition of Constable and Marshal.

Statute of the Thirteenth Year. Statute the First. Chapter Five. Jurisdiction of the Admiral and his Deputy.

Of the Statute of the Fifteenth Year. Chapter Three. Jurisdiction of the Admiral; in part; namely, —

From the beginning of the Chapter to " his Lieutenant in anywise."

Statutes of the Seventeenth Year. Chapter Six. On untrue Suggestions before the Council or in Chancery damages may be awarded.

Statute of the Second Year. Chapter Seven. In Assizes of Mort d'Ancestor, &c. Plaintiffs shall not be Nonsuit after Verdict.

Statutes of the Fourth Year. Chapter Twenty-three. Judgments shall remain in Force until reversed by Attaint or Error.

Statute of the Seventh Year. Chapter Thirteen. Impotent Persons outlawed may make Attornies, except on Writs of Execution.

Statute the First. Chapter Two. The Injustice arising from Writs of Certiorari Corpus cum Causa out of Chancery for removal of Prisoners in Execution. Upon the Judgments returned against such Prisoners they shall be remanded.

Statutes of the Eighth Year of King Henry 6. Chapter Nine. Recital of the Statute 15 Ric. 2. c. 2. against Forcible Entries; Defects of that Statute; recited Statute and others confirmed, and extended to Forcible Detainers. The Party ousted shall be restored to Possession, whether it be vacant or full. Feoffments, &c. after such Entry for Maintenance declared void. Precept to the Sheriff to return a Jury to inquire of Forcible Entries. Jurors to have Forty Shillings per annum. Penalty for the Sheriff on neglect of Duty. Proceedings against the Sheriffs, _&c. for Defaults. Assize of Novel Disseisin or Action of Trespass may be laid against him who doth put out or keep out of Possession with Force. Chief Officers in Cities, &c. may execute this Act. Proviso in case of Possession for Three Years;

Except as to Criminal Proceedings.

0 Hen. 6- c. 4. Of the Ninth Year. Chapter Four. A Writ of Idemptitate Nominis maintainable by Executors in Cases of Outlawry of their Testator before or since the Statute 1 Hen. 5. c. 5.

3 Hen. 7- c. 10. 19 Hen. 7- c. 20. 6 Hen. 8. c. 4. in part. An Acte against Delays of Execucon upon Writs of Error and to give Costs. De brevibus erroris repremendis. Acte for pclamacions to be made before the Exigent be awarded into foreyn Shires; in part; namely, — So far as it relates to Outlawry in Civil Cases.

24 Hen. 8. c. 8. 1 Edw. 6. c. 7* in part. An Acte where Defendants shall not recover any Costs. An Acte for the contynuance of Actions after the death of any King of this Realme; in part; namely, — Sections One and Three.

3&4 Edw. 6. c. 3. 8 Eliz. c. 2. in part. An Acte concerning the improvement of Comons and waste Groundes. An Acte whereby the Defendant may recover his Costes, being wrongfully vexed; in part; namely, — Section One; and the words " in the sayd Court of the Marshalsey, &c." in Section Two.

18 Eliz. c. 5.. in part. An Acte to redresse Disorders in Comon Informers upon Penall Lawes; in part; namely, — Section Four, from " and that yf any suche Informer " to end of Section.

18 Eliz. c. 12. 29 Eliz. c. 5. 31 Eliz. c. 3. An Acte for the tryall of Nisi Prius in the Countye of Midd. An Acte for the contynuance and pfectinge of diverse Statutes. An Acte for the avoiding of Privy and Secret Outlawries of Her Majestie' Subjects.

31 Eliz. c. 5. in part. An Acte concerning Informers; in part; namely, — Sections Four and Six, and Sections Two and Three, except as to

31 Eliz. c. 10. 43 Eliz. c. 6. in part. Criminal Proceedings. An Acte for the contynuance and pfectinge of divse Statutes. An Acte to avoid trifling and frivolous Suites in Law in Her Majesties Courtes at Westm; in part; namely, — Section Two.

13 Chas.2. Stat.2. c. 2. 16 & 17 Chas. 2. c. 8. 18 & 19 Chas. 2. c. 10. 29 Chas. 2. c. 3. in part. An Act for prevention of Vexations and Oppressions by Arrests, and of Delaies in Suits of Law. An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgement and superseding Executions. An Act extending a former Act concerning Replevins and Avowries to the Principallity of Wales and the County Palatines. An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuryes; in part; namely, — Sections Thirteen and Fourteen.

29 Chas. 2. c. 5. 4 Will. & Mar. c. 18. in part. An Act for takeing of Affidavits in the Country to be made' use of in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer. An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easie reversal of Outlaries in the same Court; in part; namely, — Sections Two, Three, and Four, except as to Outlawry in Criminal

4 Will. & Mar. c. 22. in part. Cases. An Act for regulateing Proceedings in the Crowne Office of the Court j® King's Bench att Westminster; in part; namely, — Sections One, Two, and Three.

8&9W111.3. c. 11. in part. An Act for the better preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits; in part; namely, — Section Four.

10 Will. 3. c. 20. An Act ;for limiting certaine Times within which Writts of Error shall be brought for the reversing Fines, Common Recoveries, and Ancient Judg'

11 Will. 3. c. 9. ments. , An Act for preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Principalityot Wales and the Counties Palatine.

fiivil Procedure Acts Repeal Act, 1879.

Ch. 59.

301

i c. 2^'

(5.30.

o c. 26-4fieo.-

fiGeo.

2. c.

14.

WGeo. 2. c.17-

lGeo.3. c. 23.

10 Geo. 3- c- 50. in part*

22 Geo. 3. « 82. in part.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law and better advancement of Justice; in part; namely, —

Sections Twenty-two, Twenty-three, and Twenty-five.

An Act for supplying some Defects in the Statute of the Twenty-third of King Henry the Eighth, [intituled " An Act for Obligations to be taken " by two Chief Justices, the Mayor of the Staple, and the Recorder of " London,"] and for setting down the Time of signing Judgments in the Principality of Wales and Counties Palatine.

Act for the better regulating Tryals by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex.

An Act to put an end to certain Disputes touching Orders and Decrees made in the Court of Chancery.

An Act that all Proceedings in the Courts of Justice within that part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, — and ends with the words, — and for explaining and amending the said Act.

An Act to prevent inconveniences arising from Delays of Causes after issue joined.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for rendering more effectual, — and ends with the words, — Commissions and Salaries of Judges.

An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament; in part; namely, —

Sections Three and Four.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for enabling, — and ends with the words, — Revenues of the Civil List; in part; namely, —

Section Five.

38 Geo. 3. c. 52. in part.

38 Geo. 3. c. 87. in part.

43 Geo. 3. c. 46. in part.

49 Geo. 3. c. 91.

99 Geo. 3. e. 24. iGeo. 4. c. 21.

lGeo-4. c. 55.

6 Geo. 4i 0. 95<

llGeo'4.&lWiU. 4: c. 36. 1T1 part.

I c. 58.

An Act to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments, and other Proceedings which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns corporate within this Kingdom; in part; namely, —

Section One, as to Actions.

An Act for the Administration of Assets in cases where the Executor to whom Probate has been granted is out of the Realm; in part; namely, —

Section Four.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Siuts, and to authorise the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain cases; in part; namely, —

Sections Two and Six.

An Act to empower the Judges to try Civil Causes in their own Counties in England.

An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice.

An Act to enable the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, or in his absence, any Judge of the same Court, to try Middlesex Issues at Nisi Prius elsewhere than in Westminster Hall.

An Act for giving further Facilities to the Proceedings in the Court of King's Bench, and for giving certain Powers to Justices of Assize.

An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to call to the Degree of a Serjeant-at-Law to take upon themselves that Office in Vacation.

An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro confesso; in part; namely, —

Sections Three to Fourteen, the Sub-sections numbered One to Six and Nine to Fourteen of Section Fifteen, Section Sixteen, and Section Seventeen, from " except as to Costs " to " Money or Costs."

An Act for regulating the receipt and future Appropriation of Fees and Emoluments receivable by Officers of the Superior Courts of Common

1 Law.

Ch. 59.

Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict

HGeo.4.&lWill. 4. c. 70. in part.

1 WiU. 4. c. 3. in part.

1 Will. 4. c. 7. in part.

1 Will. 4. c. 22. in part.

l&2WiU.4. c. 58. in part.

An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in England and Wales; in part; namely, —

Sections One and Four, Section Six, from " provided " to end of Section, and Sections Seven and Eight, except as to Criminal Pro. ceedings, and Sections Eleven, Thirteen, Nineteen, Twenty, and Twenty-seven.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for the better Administration of I Justice, so far as relates to the Essoyn and General Return Days of each Term, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof} and to declare the Law with regard to the Duration of the Terms in certain Cases; in part; namely, —

Section Two.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act for the more speedy Judgment and Execution, — and ends with the words, — in Cases of Bankruptcy } in part} namely, —

Sections Two and Three.

An Act to enable Courts of Law to order the examination of Witnesses upon Interrogatories and otherwise} in part} namely, —

Sections Three, Nine, and Eleven.

An Act to enable Courts of Law to give Relief against adverse Claims made upon Persons having no Interest in the Subject of such Claims; in part} namely, —

Section One, from " or in the Court of Common Pleas " to " before " Plea "} and Sections Two and Four.

2&3 Will.4. c.39.

2&3 Will.4. c.58. in part.

3&4 Will.4. c.27.

in part.

An Act for Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso, and to explain certain Parts thereof} in part} namely, —

From " except as to the Costs " to " Nonpayment of Money or Costs." An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto} in part} namely, —

Section Thirty-six.

3&4 Will.4. c.42. in part.

3&4WM.4.C.67.

3&4 Will.4. c. 71. in part.

3&4 Will.4.0.94. in part.

4&5 Will.4. c. 42. in part.

4&5 Will.4. c.62-

5&6Win.4. c.83< in part.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice; in part} namely, —

Sections Thirteen, Fourteen, Twenty-two, Thirty, and Forty-three.

An Act to amend an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty for the Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster.

An Act for the Appointment of convenient Places for the Holding of Assizes in England and Wales} in part} namely, —

Section Four.

An Act for the Regulation of the Proceedings and Practice of certain Offices of the High Court of Chancery in England} in part; namely, —

Sections Twenty-two, Twenty-three, Twenty-four, and Thirty.

An Act to facilitate the taking of Affidavits and Affirmations in the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall} in part; namely, —

Section One, from " and that any Master" to "Vice-Warden."

An Act for improving the Practice and Proceedings in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act to amend the Law touching Letters Patent for Inventions; in part; namely, —

Sections Three, Five, and Six.

Ch. 59.

303

in part-

/ict. c. 45. in part-

An Act to abolish certain Offices in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and to make Provision for a more effective and uniform Establishment of Officers in those Courts; in part; namely, —

Sections One, Two, Five, and Seven; Section Twelve, from " and all " such Clerks " to end of Section; and Sections Eighteen, Twenty-four, Twenty-Six, and Twenty-seven, and Schedule A.

An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law; to amend Chapter Fifty-six of the First Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Admission of Attornies, and to provide for the taking of Special Bail in the absence of the Judges; in part; namely, —

Sections One and Two.

142 Vict. c. 110.

in part.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 11. in part.

An Act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process except in certain Cases; for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors, and for amending the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England; in part; namely, —

In Section Seventeen the words " or from the commencement of this " Act in Cases of Judgments then entered up and not carrying * InterestSection Twenty; Section Twenty-one, from " and all " Powers " to " same Courts respectively," and from " and provided " also " to end of Section; and in Section Twenty-two the words " of, or if such Superior Court be within the County Palatine of - Lancaster for the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas at " Lancaster," and the words " or into the Court of Common Pleas " at Lancaster, as the case may be," in each place where they occur.

An Act for the better Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Crown Debts, Lis pendens, and Fiats in Bankruptcy; in part; namely, —

Section Two.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 16.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 24.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 65. in part.

! 3 & 4 Vict. c. 66. in part.

5 Vict. c. 6. in part.

11 Vict. c. 86. in part.

546 Vict. c. 103. in part.

i? Vict. c. 20.

in part. ln part.

An Act for improving the Practice and Proceedings in the Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge.

An Act the title of which commences with the words, — An Act to repeal Part

of an Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth,____and

ends with the words, — Provisions in Lieu thereof.

An Act to improve the Practice and extend the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty in England; in part; namely, —

Sections Two, Eleven to Seventeen, and Nineteen.

An Act to make Provision for the Judge Registrar and Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty of England; in part; namely, —

Sections One, Three, Seven, Seventeen, and Eighteen.

An Act to make further Provisions for the Administration of Justice; in part; namely, —

Section One, Sections Nineteen to Thirty-seven, Section Forty-nine, and the Second and Third Schedules.

An Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer in England, and for regulating the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer in that Court; in part; namely, —

Sections Two, Four, Seven, and Ten.

An Act for abolishing certain Offices of the High Court of Chancery in England; in part; namely, —

Sections Fourteen, Eighteen, Thirty-one, Thirty-two, and Thirty-seven.

An Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Crown Side of the Court of Queen's Bench, and for regulating the Crown Office; in part; namely, —

Section Two, from the words "and such Clerks " to the end of the Section, and Sections Fourteen and Fifteen.'

An Act to make further Regulations for facilitating the hearing Appeals and other Matters by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council; in part; namely, —

Section Thirteen.

304

Ch. 59.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 67.

in part.

12&13 Vict. c.l09. in part.

13 & 14 Vict. c.35. in part.

13 & 14 Vict. c.75.

14&15 Vict. c. 83. in part.

15&16 Vict. c. 73. in part.

Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act, 1879. 42 & 43 y

An Act to enable Parties to sue out and prosecute Writs of Error in . . cases upon the Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus; f a,n

in part; namely, —

Section Four.

The Petty Bag Office and Enrolment in Chancery Amendment Act, 1849 in part; namely, —

Section Twenty-six, Section Thirty, from "and shall also"to"th« Act," and Sections Thirty-nine, Forty-one, Forty-six, Forty-seven and Forty-nine.

An Act to diminish the Delay and Expense of Proceedings in the High Court of Chancery in England; in part; namely, —

Sections Twenty-seven to Thirty-three.

An Act to regulate the Receipt and Amount of Fees receivable by certain Officers in the Court of Common Pleas.

An Act to improve the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery and in the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council; in part; namely, —

Sections Two, Three, Twelve, and Twenty.

An Act to make Provision for a Permanent Establishment of Officers to perform the Duties at Nisi Prius in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and for the Payment of such Officers and the Judges' Clerks by Salaries, and to abolish certain Offices in those Courts; in part; namely, —

Section Three; Section Four from "and all such".to "belong;" Sections Ten, Thirteen, and Nineteen; Section Twenty-one from " and such Salaries and Expenses " to " Great Britain and Ireland;" and Sections Twenty-two, Twenty-three, Twenty-four, Twenty-seven, Twenty-eight, and Thirty-one.

PART II.

Enactments repealed as to the Supreme Court of Judicature in England.

6 Edw. 1. c. 1. in part.

13 Edw. 1. c. 16.

14 Edw. 3. Stat.l.

c. 6. in part. 1 Hen. 5. c. 5. in part.

9 Hen. 5. Stat. 1.

c. 4. in part. 4 Hen. 6. c. 3. in part.

8 Hen. 6. c. 12. in part.

The Statutes of Gloucester. Chapter One. Damages in Novel Disseisin, In Mort d'Auncestor, Cosinage, &c. Where Damages shall be recovered, there Costs also. Damages generally;

in part; namely, —

From "and whereas before Time " to " recover Damages."

The Statutes of Westminster, the Second. Chapter Fifteen. Infants eloined may sue by prochein amy.

Statute the First. Records defective by misprision of Clerks amendable;

Except as to Criminal Proceedings.

Statutes of the First Year of King Henry V. Chapter Five. In original Writs, &c. Additions of Defendants' Degree, &c. shall be put;

Except as to Criminal Proceedings.

Statute the First. Chapter Four. Recital of the Statute 14 Edw. 3. stat. 1. c. 6. Justices may amend the Defaults in Records and Process after Judgment;

Except as to Criminal Proceedings.

Statutes of the Fourth Year of King Henry VI. Chapter Three. Recital of the Statute 9 Hen. 5. st. 1., reciting Statute 14 Edw. 3. st. 1. c. 6. for amendment of Errors in process by misprision of Clerks as well aft#Judg-ment as before. The said Statutes confirmed as well after Judgment on Verdictas on Demurrer. Exception as to Wales and Records of Outlawry;

Except as to Criminal Proceedings.

Statutes of the Eighth Year of King Henry VI. Chapter Twelve. No Judgment nor Record shall be reversed nor avoided for Erasures, Interlineations, or literal Errors. The Judges may reform all Defects in Records by misprision of the Clerk, in affirmance of Judgeraent, except in Appeals, Indictments, Outlawries, want of Additions, &c. Variance alleged between a Record and Certificate thereof shall be amended in affirmance of Judgement. Embezzleing of a Record whereby any Judgement is reversed declared to be Felony. Record, &c. exemplified under the Great Seal and inrolled in Chancery shall not be reversed for variance from the Exemplification and Inrollment;

Except as to Criminal Proceedings.

21 Hen- fa|-

23 Hen- 8. o. 1*-

32 Hen. 8. n*30* 18 Eli*, c. 14. 27 Eli*, c. 5. 4 Jas. i 1 3*

21 Jas. 1. c. 13. 21 Jas. 1. c. 16. in part.

Statutes of the Eighth Year of King Henry VI. Chapter Fifteen. The Judges may amend Records in cases of misprision of Sheriffs, &c. Exceptions as to Processes in Wales and Outlawries in Felonies and Treasons;

Except as to Criminal Proceedings.

An Acte conc'ninge Avowries.

An Acte that the Defendaunt shall recover Costs ageinste the Pleyntif if the Pleyntif be non-suited, or if the v'dicte passe ageinste him.

Mispleading Jeofailes, &c.

An Acte for RefourmaCon of Jeofayles.

An Acte for the expedicion of Justice in causes of Demurrers and Pleadings.

An Act to give Costs to the Defendant uppon a Nonsuite of the Plaintiffe or uppon a Verdicte against him.

An Acte for the further Reformacon of Jeofayles.

An Acte for Lymytacon of Accons, and for avoyding of Suits in Law; in part; namely, —

Section Six.

17 Chas. 2. c. 8. 8&9 Will.3. c. 11. in part.

14 5 Anne, c. 3. in part.

5 Geo. 1. c. 13.

2 Geo. 2. e. 22.

8 Geo. 2, c. 24.

11 Geo. 2. c. 19. in part.

19 Geo. 2. c. 37. in part.

43 Geo. 3. c. 46.

B 4. C. 14. in part.

ill. 4. c.42. in part.

!^!j-4. c.39.

4. c.82.

20.

An Acte for avoiding unnecessary Suites and Delayes.

An Act for the better preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits; in part; namely, —

Sections One, Two, Three, Five, Six, and Seven.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law and better Advancement of Justice; in part; namely, —

Sections One, Two, Four, Five, Seven, and Eleven.

An Act for the Amendment of Writs of Error, and for the further preventing the arresting or reversing of Judgments after Verdict.

An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for the Relief of Debtors " with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons."

An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rent, and preventing Frauds by Tenants; in part; namely, —

Section Twenty-two.

An Act to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain and on Merchandises or Effects laden thereon; in part; namely, —

Section Seven.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits; and to authorise the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain Cases.

An Act for rendering a Written Memorandum necessary to the Validity of certain Promises and Engagements; in part; namely, —

Section Two.

An Act to prevent a Failure of Justice by reason of variances between Records and Writings produced in Evidence in support thereof;

Except as to Criminal Proceedings.

An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate; in part; namely, —

Section Ten.

An Act for shortening the Time required in Claims of Modus decimandi or Exemption from or Discharge of Tithes; in part; namely, —

Section Seven.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice; in part; namely, —

Sections Eight, Nine, Eleven, and Thirty-one to Thirty-five.

An Act to give Costs in Actions in Quare impedit.

An Act to amend and extend an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, to effectuate the Service of Process issuing from the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in England and Ireland.

Price 2d.]

$Hj 59, 60. Gvtfil Procedme Acta R&pml Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vic?

6 & 7 Vict.P- 9]>-ip part- An Act to amend the Law respecting Defamatory Words and Libel;

in part j namely,-r-. Section Two, from " and that every such Defendant," to " Advance-$§3* mart of Justice."

8&9 Vict. & 7k v in part* An Act to amend an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the

, , Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled ," An Act to amend the Law respecting Defamatory Words and Libel;" itt part; namely, — The words "is provided by said Act," in Section Two,

An Act to amend the Law concerning Games and Wager; in part; namely, — Section Nineteen.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the ISeryice of the Government of India.

[15th August 1879.]

WHEREAS the exigencies of the public service in India require that the Secretary of State in Council of India should he en-, ahled to raise money in the United Kingdom On the "credit of the revenues of . India:

Be it H&orofore enacted by the Queen's -most- Excellent Majesty, by and with thd advice and consent of the Lords Sfafitua| Temporal, and\Commons, in tfiis present Parliament assemhl®||ft by .the* authority of the same, as follows:$

Power to the 1. It shall be lawful-for the Secretary of State in Council- of-: Secretary of India, at any time- of times after the passing of this Act, to'-raise in the United Kingdom, service of the Goverpupenf of India,

raise any sum any sum or sums of' mpnoy not exceeding in the whole five millions nanonno/111? of sterling, of which two millions five hundred thousand

" 'pounds sterling may he raised by thb creation and itsue of capital

. stock bearing interest; and the',wbple ' or any portion of the remaining two millions five hundred thousand pounds sterling may he raised by the creation and issue of bonds, debentures, Of bills, hut nbtfby the orCation and issue of capital stock hearing' interest, and go that the total .Sima, raised by bills current at rany tjme shall not exceed one million, pounds sterling.

As to issue of 2. All bonds issued under the authority of this Act maybe issued bonds. under the .hands of twp. xneuibprs of the Council of Ipdi%

countersigned by- the Secretary p£V State for India, ' ey j pne of his under secretaries, or his assistant under secretary, and shall be for such respective amounts, payable after! fifljsffi notice, apd afsph rat6 '‘ '‘of ra'tes bf interest, as the said Secretary of S^te ih think fit.

As to issue of 3. All debentures issued under the authority of this Act vff debentures, be, issued under the hands of two members ox the Ooimcil,

COnn|emgned as aforesaid, f6r SU^I^Spectiye amounts, and at 'such rate or rates of interest, as. the Secretary of State in Council

East Itidia Loom (i?5,000,000) Ad, 1879. Off. 60.

307

tliiiik fit,'an^ stall be issued at or for such prices and on such terms jsinay jp^b®^ned by the Secretary of State in Council.

4, Apiebentures issued under the authority of this Act shall a* to payment lu paid off at par at a time or times to be mentioned in such de- of principal and futures respectively $ and the interest on all such debentures shall debenture.

je paid half-yearly on such days as shall be mentioned therein; ffld the principal moneys and interest secured by such debentures shall be payable either at the treasury of the Secretary of State in Council in London or at the Bank of England.

5, All or any number of the debentures issued under the au- Debentures and thority of this Act, and all right to and in respect of the principal

and interest moneys secured thereby, shall be transferable by the delivery of such debentures; and the coupons for interest annexed delivery, toanj debenture issued under the authority of this Act shall also pass by delivery.

0, All bills issued under the authority of this Act may be issued As to isnae of mder the hands of two members of the council, and countersigned 1 8"

aa aforesaid, for such respective amounts as the Secretary of State in Council may think fit, and shall be issued at or for such prices and on sttch terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State injppuncil.

1, A bill issued under the authority of this Act shall be a Mil Description, for the payment of the principal sum named therein at the date a^CTest' on therein mentioned, so that the date be not more than twelve months bills.

from the date of the bill; and the principal sum secured by such bill skips' |ayableeither.at the treasury of the Secretary of State in iiufal Mponfibn or at- the Bank of England. Interest shall be payable §|r|gp§Gt of such bill at such rate and in such manner as the Secretary of-State in Council may determine.

8. Any capital stock created under the. authority of this Act shall Capital stock hear such a rate of interest as the Secretary of State in Council "Yj^eated may think fit; and such? capital stock may be issued on such terms " 1880 ' asmay ffi^temined by the Secretary of State in Conn#!; and any such capital stock may bear interest during such period, and be paid off at par At such time, as the Secretary of State in Council may prescribe previously to. the issue of such capital stock.

0. In case of the oreation- and Issue of any such capital stock there Transfer books shall be kept, either at the office of the Secretary of State in Council ofsaish capital ihiLondon or at the Bank of England, books wherein entries shall to 1)6 he made of the isaid capital stock, and wherein all assignments or transfers of the same, or any part thereof, shall be entered and registered, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or, if such parties be absent, by His, her, or their J^ney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under

her, or- their, hands and seals, to be - attested by two pr more Edible witnesses; and the person or persons to. whom such transfer ^transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite his, her, or ‘'sir acceptance thereof; and no other mode of assigning or trans-®®ng tlje said capital stock or any part thereof, or any interest

shall be good and available in law, and no stamp duties Afnmin).

tsoever shall be charged on- the said ^transfers or any of them. charged: on re-,10. The whole amount of the principal moneys to he charged on venues of India ^revenues of India under this Act shall not exceed five millions.

HI tT 2

not to exceed 5,000,000l.

308

Power to raise money for payment of principal money.

Securities, &c. to be charged on revenues of India.

Provisions as to composition for stamp duties on India bonds extended to bonds and debentures issued under this Act.

Forgery of debentures and bills to be punishable as forgery of East India bonds.

Half-yearly returns of moneys raised on loan, &c. to be presented to Parliament.

Ch. 60. East India Loan (^5,000,000) Act, 1879. 42&43 Vict.

11. Upon or for the repayment of any principal money secured under the authority of this Act, the Secretary of State in Council may at any time borrow or raise, by all or any of the modes aforesaid, all or any part of the amount of principal money repaid or to be repaid, and so from time to time as all or any part of any principal money under this Act may require to be repaid, but the amount to be charged upon the revenues of India shall not in any I case exceed the principal money required to be repaid; and the total I amount raised under this section by the creation and issue of capital I stock bearing interest shall not, at any one time, exceed two millions I five hundred thousand pounds sterling.

12. All bonds, debentures, and bills to be issued under this Act, I and the principal moneys and interest thereby secured, and all capital stock to be issued under this Act, and the interest thereon, I shall be charged on and payable out of the revenues of India, in like manner as other liabilities incurred on account of the government I of the said territories.

13. The provisions contained in section four of the Act of the session holden in the fifth and sixth years of King William the Fourth, chapter sixty-four, with respect to the composition and agreement for the payment by the East India Company of an annual sum in lieu of stamp duties on their bonds, and the exemption of their bonds from stamp duties, shall be applicable with respect to the bonds and debentures to be issued under the authority of this Act, as if such provisions were here repeated and re-enacted with reference thereto.

14. All provisions now in force in anywise relating to the offence of forging or altering, or offering, uttering, disposing of, or putting off, knowing the same to be forged or altered, any East India bond, with intent to defraud, shall extend and be applicable to and in respect of any debenture or bill issued under the authority of this Act, as well as to and in respect of any bond issued under the same authority.

15. Provided always, that, at the end of each of the half years ending on the thirty-first day of March and the thirtieth day of September in every year, the Secretary of State in Council shall prepare or cause to be prepared a return of all loans raised in England under the provisions of this Act or of any other Acts, chargeable on the revenues of India, outstanding at the commencement of each half year, with the rates of interest and total amount payable thereon, and the date of the termination of each loan, the debt incurred during the half year, the moneys raised thereby during the half year, the loans paid , off or discharged during the half year, and the loans outstanding at the close of the half year, stating, so ftf as the public convenience will allow, the purpose or service for which moneys have been raised during the half year; and that a similar return shall also be prepared of all loans raised in India; that such returns shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament within fifteen days after the expiration of the said half-yearly periods as regards the loans raised in England, and within three months * regards the loans raised in India, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not sitting, then within one week after Parliament shall be next assembled; and the various conditions in respect to terms, prices,

309

East India Loan (<£*5,000,000) Act, 1879. Ch. 60,61.

dates of payment, and rates of interest on which bills have been issued during the half year under the authority of sections six and ggven of this Act, shall be shown in the return in a form admitting of a comparison with previous years. *

16. The provisions of the Act of the fortieth and forty-first Victoria, chapter fifty-one, section sixteen, so far as regards the preparation and presentation to Parliament half-yearly of a return of all stocks, loans, debts, and liabilities chargeable on the revenues of India, are hereby repealed.

17. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any power of raising or borrowing money vested in the said Secretary of State in Council at the time of passing thereof.

18. Any capital stock created under this Act shall be deemed to be East India stock within the Act twenty-second and twenty-third Victoria, chapter thirty-five, section thirty-two, unless and until Parliament shall otherwise provide; and any capital stock created under this Act shall be deemed to be and shall mean India stock within the) Act of the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Victoria, chapter seventy-three, anything in the said last-mentioned Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

19. The provisions contained in the third section of the Act of the thirty-third and thirty-fourth Victoria, chapter ninety-three, and all other enactments in the said Act relating to or affecting such provisions, shall be extended and be applicable to any capital stock created under this Act.

Repealing certain provisions of 40 & 41 Vict. c. 51.

Saving borrowing powers of Secretary of State in Council.

Stock created under this Act to be deemed East India stock.

Sect. 3, &c. of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 93. extended to capital stock created under this Act.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to make provision for raising the Sum required for the purposes of the Advance authorised by the Indian Advance Act, 1879. [15th August 1879.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous to provide a sum of two million pounds to be paid out of the. Consolidated Fund as an advance to the Government of India in pursuance of the authority given by the Indian Advance Act, 1879, have resolved that the said sum of two million pounds shall be raised in manner herein-after mentioned; and We do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the' Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: T^sury to

1. The Treasury, at any time before the first day of April one raise before the thousand eight hundred and eighty, may raise for the purposes of 1st of April the Indian Advance Act, 1879, any sum or sums not exceeding in ooooTfor the whole two million pounds sterling, by the creation of three the purposes of pounds per cent, per annum permanent annuities. M|

Such annuities shall be charged upon the Consolidated Fund, but 187gauce ct> shall not be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the || H vict National Debt. c. 45.

3X0 Ch. 61,62. East India Loan (Annuities) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 yI(?r

The annuities shall be created by warrant of the Treasury to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, directing them to inscribe in their books the amount of such annuities in the names directed by the warrant.

The said annuities shall in manner directed by the warrant be consolidated in the said books with annuities at the same rate of interest and payable at the same date, and shall be transferable in the said books in like manner as the annuities with which they arejconsolidated, and shall be subject to the enactments relating to those annuities so iar as is consistent with the tenor of those enactments.

be°p2d into 2. All moneys raised in pursuance of this Act shall be paid into

Exchequer. the Exchequer.

Short title. 3. This Act may be cited as the East Indian Loan (Annuities) Act, 1879.

Treasury may raise 4,200,000l. by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury BiDs.

29 & SO Vict. c. 25.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.

Payment of interest and repayment of principal.

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to raise the sum of four million two hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty. [15th August 1879.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore must humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. Towards raising the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, at any time or times not later than the said thirty-first day of March, to raise -any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole four million two hundred thousand pounds, by the issue of Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills, in maimer provided by the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866, and the Treasury Bills Act, 1877, so, however, that no Exchequer Bond shall be made out for any sum less than one hundred pound^. ^.

Every Exchequer Bond issued in pursuance of this Act shall provide for the paying off of such bond at par at any period not exceeding three years nor less than twelve months from the date of such bond.:$

2. The interest on all Exchequer Bonds issued in pursuance this Act shall be charged upon and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or otft of the growing produce thereof

311

.0' Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1879. Ch. 62, 63.

The principal money secured by every Exchequer Bond issued in 0(irtaance of this Act shall be repaid out of moneys provided by parliament for the purpose, o AH money raised in pursuance of this Act shall be paid into Money raised * i J r to be paid into

(he Exchequer. Exchequer.

4 Section fifteen of the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866, Extensjon of (irhich flection relates to the forgery of Exchequer Bills,) shall apply sect, is of (o all Exchequer Bonds issued in pursuance of this Act in like manner 29 & so Vict. jg if it were herein enacted with the substitution of Exchequer Bond forge^&°c for Exchequer Bill. to bonds.

5, This Act may be cited as the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, short tide. 1879.

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to amend the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings ^Improvement Act, 1875. [15th August 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and vnth the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, tad'Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Short tide and Approvement Act, 1879. construction

This Act shall he construed as one with the Artizans and Labourers °* ‘A'ot' Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, (in this Act referred to as‘the ®88g 39 Vict‘ principal Act,) and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Atits, 1875 and 1879.

2. The schedule to the principal Act shall be construed as if the Amendment of schedule to this Act formed part thereof. schedule to

3. Oh the occasion of assessing the compensation payable under ^ru^lpal ct any improvement scheme in respect of any house or premises situate mLt oTcmn-within an unhealthy area, evidence Shall be receivable by the pensation. arbitrator to prove that at the date of the confirming Act authorising such scheme, or at some previous date not earlier than the (late of the official representation in which the scheme originated, such house or' premises was by reasdn of its unhealthy state, or by reason of overcrowding or otherwise, in such a condition as to have been a nuisance within the meaning of the Acts relating to nuisances; and if the arbitrator is satisfied that from either of such causes as aforesaid, such house or premises was, at such dates as aforesaid or cither of them, a nuisance as aforesaid, he shall then determine what would have been the value of such hoiise or premises supposing the^nuisance to have been abated, and what would have been the expense of abating the nuisance; and the amount of compensation payable in respect of such house or premises shall be an amount equal to the estimated value of the house or premises after the nuisance was abated, and after deducting the estimated expense of

abating the nuisance.

4. Whereas by the fifth section of the principal Act it is provided, Ammdmontof amongst other things, that an improvement scheme of a local autho- c> 36>8> 5>ag;o

312 C/H. 63. Artizans& Labourers Dwellings Improvement. 42 & 43 Vict I

the provision of rity shall provide for the accommodation of at least as many persons I T°n for* the" °* wor^ing classes as may be displaced in the area with respect I working to which the scheme is proposed in suitable dwellings which, unless I classes. there are special reasons to the contrary, shall be situate within the I limits of the same area or in the vicinity thereof:

And whereas it not unfrequently happens that having due regard I to the requirements of persons of the working classes displaced by I an improvement scheme, equally convenient accommodation at a much less cost can be furnished to such persons or some of them I at some place other than within the area or the immediate vicinity I of the area from which they have been displaced: Be it enacted I that —

Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the confirming authority I on an application to authorise or modify an improvement scheme I that equally convenient accommodation can be provided for any I persons of the working class displaced by an improvement scheme I at some place other than within the area or the immediate vicinity I of the area comprised in the improvement scheme, and it is also I proved to the satisfaction of such authority that the required accommodation has been or is about to be forthwith provided, it shall be lawful for the confirming authority accordingly ter authorise any such improvement scheme, or to permit a modification of any such scheme, and the requirements of the principal Act with respect to providing accommodation for persons of the working class shall, to the extent to which accommodation is provided in accordance with this section, be deemed to have been complied with.

A local authority may for purpose of providing accommodation for persons of the working classes displaced by any improvement scheme, appropriate any lands for the time being belonging to them which are suitable for the purpose, or may purchase by agreement any such further lands as may be convenient.

5. The Acts relating to nuisances mean — as respects any place in Ireland, the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and any local Act which contains any provisions with respect to nuisances in that place; and as respects the metropolis, as defined by the Public Health Act, 1875, the Nuisances Removal Acts as defined by the Sanitary Act, 1866, or any Act amending the same, and any local Act which contains any provisions with respect to nuisances in that place; and

as respects any other place in England, the Public Health Act, 1875, and any local Act which contains any provisions with respect to nuisances in that place.

Definition of " Acts relating to nuisances." 41 & 42 Vict. I 52.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 41.

38 & 39 Vict c. 55.

SCHEDULE.

Notice of ap- 1. The publication by the local authority of the appointment of the pointment of arbitrator, and the other particulars mentioned in article six of the Sche-arbitrator. dule to the principal Act, shall be made not only by advertisement, but also by placards and handbills affixed in conspicuous places on or near the lands to be taken, and also by leaving a notice thereof at each house pro* posed to be taken, and also by sending a notice thereof by post to the persons interested in such lands as owners or reputed owners, lessees or reputed lessees, so far as they can be reasonably ascertained.

313

| 09. Artizans & Labourers DivelUngs Improvement. Ch.68,64.

g The arbitrator shall have the same power of apportioning any rent- Power of arbi-arr'ice, rentcharge, chief or other rent, payment, or incumbrance, or any trator as to

I rent payable in respect of lands comprised in a lease, as two justices have aPPortlomnent-under the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

3, Notwithstanding anything in section ninety-two of the Lands Clauses Amendment I Consolidation Act, 1845, the arbitrator may determine that such part of respecting I tay house, building, or manufactory as is proposed to be taken by the 8evera"ce of I local authority can be taken without material damage to such house, build- jjr£Pg I log, or manufactory, and if he so determine may award compensation in c. is, respect of the severance of the part so proposed to be taken, in addition to ' . the value of that part, and thereupon the party interested shall be required I to sell and convey to the local authority such part, without the local authority j being obliged to purchase the greater part or the whole of such house, building, or manufactory.

The local authority, or any person interested, if dissatisfied with a determination under this enactment, may, in manner provided by article twenty-six of the Schedule to the principal Act, submit the question of whether the said part can be taken without material damage, as well as the question of the proper amount of compensation, to a jury; and the notice j of intention to appeal shall be given within the same time as notice of intention to appeal against the amount of compensation awarded is required I to be given.

4. The amount of purchase money or compensation to be paid in pur- Omitted snance of section one hundred and twenty-four of the Lands Clauses interests. Consolidation Act, 1845, in respect of any estate, right, or interest in or charge affecting any of the scheduled lauds which the local authority have through mistake or inadvertence failed or omitted duly to purchase or make compensation for, shall be awarded by the arbitrator and be paid, in like manner, as near as may be, as the same would have been awarded and paid if the claim of such estate, right, interest, or charge had been delivered to the arbitrator before the day fixed for the delivery of statements of claims j with this qualification, that the first award of the arbitrator shall be final and not provisional.

jf the arbitrator is satisfied that the failure or omission to purchase the said estate, right, interest, or charge arose from any default on the part either of the claimant or of the local authority, he may direct the costs to be paid by the party so in default.

CHAPTER 64.

Ad. Act to extend the powers of the Artizans Dwellings Act of 1868, by provisions for compensation and rebuilding. [15th August 1879.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend and amend the provisions

of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Act, 1868: 31 & 32 Vict.

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and «130-with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be cited as the Artizans and Labourers Dwell- Short title and ings Act (1868) Amendment Act, 1879, and shall, so far as is ^"8truetl<m 0 consistent with the tenor thereof, be construed together with the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Act, 1868 (herein-after referred 31 & 32 Vict.

to as "the Act of .1868"), as one Act. - c-13°-

2 The Act shall apply only to the places named in the nrst Application of column of Table (A.) in the First Schedule annexed hereto, and and

314

authority,"

" local rate*" and " clerk of local authority."

81 & 82 Vict. c. 180.

Officer of health.

81 & 32 Vict. o. 130.

38 & 39 Vict. o. 55.

41 & 42 Vict. C. 52.

8 & 9 Vict.

,0.18. and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 106. incorporated.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 130.

Owner may require local authority to purchase premises. 31 & 32 Vict. o. 130.

In default of agreement amount of com pensation to b settled by arbitration.

Provisions as to arbitration.

Ch. 64. Artizans and Labourers Dwellings 42 &43 yIGr I

"local authority/' | local rate," and "clerk of local authority" I shall mean the " bodies of persons/' P rate," and " officer " in that I table in that behalf mentioned; and the said table, and the expla- nation annexed thereto, shall be of the same force as if they were I enacted in the body of the Act of 1868 and this Act

3. The term " officer of health " as used in the Act of 1868, shall, I as respects any urban sanitary district in England, mean the medical I officer of health appointed by the urban sanitary authority of the I district under the Public Health Act, 1875, and as respects any I urban sanitary district in Ireland shall mean the medical officer of I health appointed by the urban sanitary authority of the district I under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and shall not include I any other officer.

4. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Lands I Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except the I provisions of those Acts with respect to the purchase and taking I of lands otherwise than by agreement, and with respect to the entry I on lands by the promoters of the underbaking, and save so far as any of the provisions of those Acts respectively are expressly varied by or are inconsistent with the provisions of this Act, are incorporated with the Act of 1868 as amended by this Act, and for the purpose of such incorporation the Act of 1868, as amended by this Act, shall be deemed to be the Special Act, and the local authority to be the promoters of the -undertaking.

5. notwithstanding anything in the Act of 1868, the owner.of any premises specified in an order of the local authority made under

that Act, and requiring him to execute any works or to demolish such premises, may, within three months after service on him of the order, require the local authority in writing to purchase such premises.

6. Where the owner of any premises has in manner aforesaid re-_ quired the local authority to purchase the same, and no agreement is e come to between such owner and the local authority as to the amount

of the compensation to be paid by the local authority, the amount of the compensation to he paid by the local authority for the premises shall he settled by arbitration in manner provided by this Act

7. In all cases in which the amount ,of any compensation is, in pursuance of this Act, to be settled by arbitration, the following provisions shall have effect; (namely,)

(1.) The amount of compensation shall be settled by an arbitrator to be appointed and removable by the Local Government Board;

(2.) In settling the amount of any compensation —

.(<&) The estimate of the value of the premises shall ! be' based on the fair market value as estimated at the time of the valuation being made of such premises, and of the several interests in such premises, due regard being had to the nature and then condition of the property and the probable duration of the buildings in their existing state, and to the state of repair thereof, and all circumstances affecting such value,- and without any additional allowance in respect of compulsory purchase; and

31

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

Act (1868) Amendment Act, 1879. Ch. 64.

(6.) The arbitrator shall have regard to and make an allowance in respect of any increased value which, in his - opinion, will be given to other premises of the same owner by the alteration or demolition by the local authority of the premises;

. x Qjj payment or tender to the person entitled to receive the '' same of the amount of compensation agreed or awarded to be paid in respect of the premises, or on payment thereof in manner prescribed by the Lands Clauses Con- 8 & 9 viet. aolidation Act, 1846, the owner shall, when required by 1§-the local authority, convey his interest in such premises to them, or as they may direct; and in default thereof; or if the owner fails to adduce a good title to such premises to the satisfaction of the local authority, it shall be lawful for the local authority, if they think fit, to execute a deedl poll in such manner, and with such consequences, as are LV mentioned in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845;

,(4) .Sections thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-five, thirty-six, and

thirty-seven of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1846, 8 & 9 Vict-. shall apply, with any necessary modifications, to an arbi- c' ' tration and to an arbitrator appointed under this Act;

(0.) The arbitrator may, by one award, settle the amount or amounts of compensation payable in respect of all or any of the premises included in one or more order or orders made by the local authority;

(&) In the event of the death, resignation, or incapacity, refusal, or neglect to act of any arbitrator before he shall have made his award, the Local Government Board may appoint || another arbitrator, to whom all documents relating to the matter of the arbitration which were in the possession of.

. the former arbitrator shall be delivered;

(7.) The arbitrator may, where he thinks fit, on the request of any

v.; party by whom any claim has been made before him, certify the amount of the costs properly incurred by such party in relation to the arbitration, and the amount of the costs so certified shall be paid by the local authority; and if within seven days after demand the amount so certified be not paid to the party entitled to receive the . same, such amount shall be recoverable as a debt from the local authority with interest at the rate of five per centum per annum for any time during which the same remains unpaid after such seven* days as aforesaid, but no such certificate shall be given where the arbitrator has awarded the same or a less sum than has been offered by the local authority in respect of such claim before the '' appointment of the arbitrator 5 (8.) The award of an arbitrator shall he final and binding on all Application of

fc parties. Mi |i fi

.8, Section twenty-three of the Act of 1868 shall apply to 'h© to site of site; of any premises purchased by a local authority which the owner purchased W elected to retain under the provisions of this Act premises,

». Where the local authority, <m default of tte owner of any premises, themselves execute the required works, they may sell cuiredbjrlocaI

316

authority in

executing

works.

Disposal of . land acquired by local authority under 30 & 31 Vict.

p. 130.

Local authority may dedicate land as highway, &c.

30 & 31 Vict

c. 180. Metropolitan Board empowered to enforce Act in case local authority fail to do so.

Repealing 31 & 32 Vict. c. 130. s. 2. and Sch. I.

Appropriation of property acquired by local authority.

Ch. 64. Ariizans and Labourers DwelWngs 42 & 43 Vict

the old materials and retain the proceeds towards the expenses incurred by them in executing such works, and may recover the balance of such expenses from such owner as a debt due from him by action in any court of competent jurisdiction.

The expression "court of competent jurisdiction" shall,for the purposes of this section, be read and have effect as if the debt herein referred to were a simple contract debt, and not a debt or demand created by statute.

10. Any land or premises acquired by any local authority under the Act of 1868 and this Act may from time to time be sold, let, and' disposed of in like manner as any other lands acquired for sanitary purposes by such authority, and not needed for the purposes for which they were acquired; but in cases where the approbation of any Government department is required for any such disposal, then only with that approbation.

11. A local authority may, where they so think fit, dedicate any land acquired by them under the authority of the Act of 1868 and this Act as a highway or other public place.

19!. In the event of any local authority within the'metropolis declining or neglecting for the space of three months after receiving a notice from the Metropolitan Board of Works (herein-after called the Board) requiring such local authority to put in force , the provisions of this Act, in respect of any premises described in such notice, then and in such case all the powers vested in the local authority under this Act, so far as relates to any such premises, shall become vested in the said Board, and the Board shall have power so far as relates to any such premises to act in all respects for the purposes of this Act as though they were the local authority, and all expenses incurred by the Board under this Act may he recovered by the Board from and shall upon demand be paid by the local authority out of the local rates which they are authorised to make or apply for the purpose of defraying expenses incurred by them under this Act, and the amounts so payable to the Board may and shall be included in the precepts from time to time issued by the Board under the Metropolis Management Acts to the local authority.

13. Section two of the Act of 1868 and the first Schedule to that Act are hereby repealed.

14.i In the metropolis the local authority or their lessees shall hold all property acquired by them under this Act upon trust to carry into effect some one or more of the purposes thereof:

The purposes of this Act shall in the. metropolis be. deemed to be —

First, the providing by the construction of new buildings, or the repairing or, improvement, of existing buildings, the labouring classes with suitable dwellings situate, within thq jurisdiction of the local authority:

Second, the opening out of closed or partially closed , alleys or courts inhabited by. the labouring classes, and the widening of the same, by pulling down any building, .or otherwise leaving such open spaces as may be necessary to make such alleys or courts healthful:

But subject to .the aforesaid trust, the. local authority or lessees may from time to time sell, exchange, lease, or otherwise dispose of .any premises acquired by them under this Act: Provided that if any

317

1879-

Act (1868) Amendment Act, 1879.

Ch. 64.

-fooerty acquired by the local authority under this Act shall not i^thin seven years after the acquisition thereof be disposed of by of absolute sale or of exchange, or by lease for a period of not je88 than ninety-nine years, or be effectually dealt with by way of public improvement, then and in such case the property so acquired piay be sold by the order of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by public auction or public tender, with full power to fix a reserve price and subject to such terms and conditions as the said Secretary of .State shall deem proper, and the proceeds of guch sale, after deducting the whole of the expenses attending the same, shall be paid to the local authority to be by them applied to the purposes of this Act, and a receipt signed by the said Secretary of State for the amount of the purchase money shall absolutely vest guch property in the purchaser for the whole estate and interest of the local authority therein subject to the before-mentioned terms andreonditions.

15. Every lessee who in the metropolis shall acquire any property Lessee sounder this Act shall fforth with, at his own costs, charges, and ^gPro-expenses, proceed to execute thereon, to the satisfaction of the Act toexeeute8 surveyor of the local authority, the works shown on the plans works to satis-referred to in the specifications prepared by the local authority, faction of

and such other worts (being for some one or more of the purposes 8DITeyor* of this Act) as may have been agreed upon between the local authority and thelessee; and if the leasee shall at any time, in the opinion of the surveyor of the local authority, fail to exercise due diligence in the©d*ecution of the works, the local authority may, by themselves,- their contractors, servants, workmen, and agents, enter upon the premises and execute the works so far as the same shall be ^complete, and reimburse themselves all costs, charges, and expenses incident t©' the (execution of such works by sale of the old materials, so far as - the same may extend, or may recover from the parties- making default the amount of such costs, charges, and expenses as a., debt in Her Majesty's High Court of Justice, and shall also have an express charge upon the premises in respect of such amount, which charge may be realised by a sale of the premises, or any part thereof.

16. In;- the metropolis the local-authority may also, by - the Lessee to give resolution empowering any lessee to acquire property under this security for Act, require such lessee to give such security as the local authority ^orfab°n ° shall think fit for . the due execution by. the lessee of the works to

done by them;

17. If any lessee shall not, within three calendar months after Premises, &c. he shall have: obtained possession of any part of the premises in Jh&metropolis, Commence the execution of the works to be done completing0 by him, or if he shall not complete the same to the satisfaction of works within the, local authority within one year after obtaining such possession, specified time-tir %ithin such extended time as the local authority shall by resolution determine, then the premises, together with all building Aerials, plant, tools*, and other articles and effects thereon, shall

he absolutely forfeited to and vest in the local authority, and they thenceforth hold the same for the purposes of this Act.

18. JEvery local authority shall, in the metropolis, every year Annualaccount Present to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries-of State, to be presented

by the local authority.;

Contracts for building, repairing, lighting, watering, &c. workmen's dwellings.

Power of local authority to make byelaws for regulation of dwelling-houses.

Expenses of local authority.

As to loans from Public Works Loan Commissioners,

Ch. 64. Artizans and Labourers Dwellvtigs 42 & 43 yIOr

and in all other places shall present to the Local Government Board, in such form as he directs, an account of what has been done, and of all moneys received and paid by them during the previous year, with a view to carrying into effect the purposes of this Act.

19. The local authority in the metropolis may from time to time with the sanction and approval of one of Her Majesty's Secretaries of State, enter into any contract with any persons or companies for building and for altering and enlarging, repairing, and otherwise improving such workmen's dwellings, forming part of any premises held by the said authority for the purposes of this Act, and for lighting and for supplying the same with water, and for fitting up the same respectively, and for furnishing any materials and things, and for executing and doing any other works and things necessary for the purposes of this Act; which contracts respectively shall specify the several works and things to be executed, furnished, and done, and the prices to he paid for the same, and the times when the works and things are to he executed, furnished, and done, and the penalties to he suffered in cases of non-performance; and true copies of all such contracts shall he entered in books to be kept for the purpose : Provided always, that no contract above the value or sum of one hundred pounds shall he entered into by the local authority for the purposes of this Act, unless previous to the making thereof fourteen days' notice shall have been given in one or more of the public newspapers published in or circulating within the jurisdiction of the local authority, expressing the intention of entering into such contract, in order that any person willing to undertake the same may make proposals for that purpose, to be offered to. the local authority at a certain time and place in such notice to be mentioned; but it shall not he incumbent on the local authority to contract with the person offering the lowest price;

20. The local authority may from time to time make, alter, and repeal byelaws for the regulation of the dwellings belonging to them under this Act, and there may be imposed by such byelaws a penalty, recoverable in a summary manner, not exceeding two pounds for any breach of the byelaws by the tenants or occupier8 of the said houses. A copy of such byelaws shall be given to every tenant or occupier upon his taking possession of every such dwelling, or of any portion thereof. A byelaw, under this Act and any alteration made therein, and any repeal of a byelaw, shall not be of any validity until it has been submitted to and confirmed by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in the case of the metropolis or by the Local Government Board in the case of all other places.

21. All expenses incurred by the local authority in pursuance of this Act shall be defrayed by them out of the local rate; an® it shall be lawful for the local authority, notwithstanding any h®^ contained in any Act of Parliament respecting any local rate, to levy such local rate, or any increase of the same, not exceeding twopence in the pound in any year, for the purposes of this Act

22. The Public Works Loan Commissioners, as defined Public Works Loan Act, 1853, or in the metropolis the Metropolitan Board of. Works, may, if they think fit, lend to any local authority'

rr

Act (1868) Amendment Act, 1879. Ch. 64. 819

I Igp:

I anV local authority may borrow from the said Commissioners, 16 & 17 Vict. I $ thff metropolis from the Metropolitan Board of Works, such c*40,

I °rl° as the said authority may require for the purposes of this Act,

''"Set to the following regulations:$

*1 The amount of every loan shall be sanctioned by the Commissioners of the Treasury:$

0 No loan shall be made except for the purpose of defraying

the cost of building suitable dwellings for the labouring . classes, or of defraying the cost of purchasing sites, and of . building thereon such dwellings:

3. Every loan, with interest thereon at such rate as shall be agreed upon, but not a less rate of interest than four per ¥ centum per annum, shall be secured by a mortgage, in the i form set forth in the Third Schedule hereto, of certain ft dwellings for the labouring classes erected or improved, or about to be erected or improved, by a local authority, in $ pursuance of this Act, and of the sites of such dwellings, f and the appurtenances, if any, and also by a mortgage of . the local rate:

4 Any sum borrowed on mortgage under this section may be paid off by sale of the premises comprised in such mortgage, or by instalments, or otherwise, as may be agreed upon P. between the parties, so that the period of the borrowing do not exceed seven years:

5. The amount borrowed by any local authority on the mort-

gage of any buildings and sites, and of the local rate, shall IP not' exceed the estimated value of the proposed buildings,

1 including the sites thereof, comprised in such mortgage,

- "such value to be ascertained in manner approved by the

said Public Works Loan Commissioners:$

6, The powers conferred by Act of Parliament on the said ^fcPublic Works Loan' Commissioners in relation to loans shall

apply to any loans made under this section.

28. Any act, power, or jurisdiction hereby authorised to be done jurisdiction of or exercised by two justices may be done or exercised by the follow- certain massing magistrates within their respective jurisdictions; that is to say, trates-as to England, by any metropolitan police magistrate or other stipendiary or police magistrate sitting alone at a police court or other appointed place, or by the Lord Mayor of the eity of London, or any alderman of the said city, sitting alone or with others, at the Mansion House or Guildhall as to Scotland, by the sheriff or sheriff substitute, or by any two magistrates of a burgh; and as to Ireland, by any one or more divisional magistrates of police in the police district of Dublin, and elsewhere by two or more justices of the peace in petty sessions.

24. In the application of this Act to Scotland the following Application of provisions shall have effect; . land*0 ^C°*"

(1.) This Act shall be read and construed as if for the expres-gi0T1 "the Local Government Board," wherever it occurs therein, the expression " the Secretary of State " were substituted, and the expression 1 the Secretary of State | shall mean one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of

HI State:

Ch. 64. Artizans and Labourers Dwellings 42 & 43 yICl

8 & 9 Vict. o. 18.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19.

Application of Act to Ireland. 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 106.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 70.

23 86 24 Vict. c. 97.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 71.

31 86 32 Vict c. 70.

(2.) The term " the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," means the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845; and sections thirty-two, thirty-three, thirty-five, thirty-six, and

thirty-seven of the former Act shall mean sections thirty-one, thirty-three, and thirty-four of the latter Act.

25. In the application of this Act to Ireland the following provisions shall take effect:

(1.) The term "the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845,'' means and includes the said Act as the same is amended by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1860, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1864, and the Railway Traverse Act:

(2.) The term " the Local Government Board " means the Local Government Board for Ireland:

(3.) The term " Public Works Loan Commissioners " means the Commissioners for Public Works in Ireland.

SCHEDULES. FIRST SCHEDULE. TABLE A. ENGLAND AND WALES.

Description of Local Description of Local

Authority. Rate.

Places to which Act applies.

Description of Clerk of Local Authority.

The city of London and the liberties thereof.

fll 8t 12 Vict. c. 163.

14 & 15 Vict. . c. 91

Local Acts-J-

r

The metropolis, exclusive of the city of London* and the liberties thereof.

Boroughs or urban sanitary district as aforesaid.

Commissioners of Sewers of the city of London.

Local Act 11 & 12 Vict. c. 163.

The vestry of each parish, or the Board of Works of each district elected under the Metropolis Local Management Act, 1855, and the Acts' amending the same within their respective parishes and districts.

The Metropolitan Board of Works.

The urban sanitary authority.

The consolidated rate.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 163. s. 158.

Rate to be levied in the metropolis in the same manner as the rate leviable by law by the vestry or district Board of Works respectively.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 120. s. 5.

The fund or rate out of which the general expenses of the execution of the Public Health Act, 1875, are defrayed by the urban sanitary authority.

The clerk to the commissioners.

11 8c 12 Vict c. 163. s. 25.

Clerk of the vestry or district board.

The clerk of the urban sanitary authority.

Act (1868) Amendment Act, 1879.

Ch. 64.

321

to which Act applies.

Description of Local Description of Local Description of Clerk of

Authority. Rate. Local Authority.

SCOTLAND.

Bmghs

Places where police commissioners or trustees exercise the functions of police commissioners acting under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, or trustees or commissioners acting under any General or Local Act.

The magistrates and town council.

The police or other commissioners or trustees.

The revenue of the burgh or any local rate leviable by the town council.

Property or rate belonging to or leviable by the commissioners or trustees.

Town clerk.

Clerk of the commissioners or trustees, or any other officer performing the duties of clerk.

IRELAND.

The city of Dublin

Towns corporate or boroughs (with the exception of the city of Dublin).

Towns having town commissioners under 9 G. 4. c.82. or 17 & 18 Vict. c. 103.-, or any Acts amending the same, or having commissioners or other governing body under any Local Act.

The Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, aldermen, and burgesses, in council.

The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses, acting in council.

The town commissioners or other governing body.

The borough fund or borough or improvement rate.

The borough fund or town fund, or borough rate.

Any rate leviable by these bodies, or any fund belonging to them applicable in the whole or in part to the making or repairing of sewers within their jurisdiction.

The town clerk.

The town clerk.

The clerk of the commissioners or other governing body.

Explanation.

For the purposes of this Act the following words shall have the meanings herein-after assigned to them j (that is to say,)

(1.) " The metropolis " has the same meaning as it has in the Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

(2.) * Burgh in Scotland shall mean any place returning or contributing to return members w Parliament, or any place subject to the jurisdiction of a town council.

, (3.) "Borough" in Ireland shall mean any place for the time being subject to the Act passed *n the session of the third and fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hunzted and eight, and intituled " An Act for the regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland.' '

SECOND SCHEDULE.

I. Form of Order by Court of Quarter Sessions or Petty Sessions, or Court of Burgh Magistrates in Scotland.

Be it remembered, that on the day of 18 , upon the report herein-

after mentioned, we the undersigned justices assembled at the court of quarter sessions

322 Oh»64>65. Artimns, <&c. Dwdlmge.(i&Q8) Amendment. 42&43 Vicn?

holden in and for the County of , or assembled in petty sessions for

the division or district of the. borough or county of. , or members of the cpujt

of burgh magistrates for [as the case may be], do hereby order and determine

that one or more house or houses ok buildings situate in or abutting upon or contiguous to or at the entrance of a certain court or alley within the borough or burgh, known or designated as' court or alley [or otherwise distinguishing the premites\and

specified in the report of the officer of health for the dated the

day of 18 ,is or are unfit for human habitation, and ought to be improvedor

demolished [as the ' case may fojj'iti .pursuance of the Artizans and Labourers DweSnif Act, 1868. 8

IL Form, of Notice by Clerk of the Peace, Clerk , of the Justices, or Clerk of th Court of Burgh Magistrates in Scotland to Clerk of Bocal Authority,

Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Act, 1868.

L A.B., clerk of the peace, or clerk of the justices [or clerk, of the court of, burgh magistrates] for the , do hereby certify, that on the

day of 18 > the justices assembled at the court of quarter sessions, or assembled

at the petty sessions for the [or court of the burgh magistrates] [at

the case may be], made an order, of which the following is a true copy:

\Here give a copy of the presentment, Form I.]

As witness my hand, this , r , day of in the year of

our Lord 18

(Signed) (A.B.) clerk of the peace or clerk of the justices for [or- clerk- of th© court of burgh magistrates],

< - To the clerk of thei;'

of ,

CHAPTER 65.

Short title.

Foundation of University.

Constitution of University.

An Act- to promote the advancement of Learning,' and to extend the benefits connected with University Education in Ireland. [15th August, 1879.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provision for the advancement of learning by the extension of the benefits connected with University Education in Ireland:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice aha consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assemble!, and by the authority of the same, aS fallows:

1. This Act may be cited ah the University Education (Ireland) Act, 1879.

Foundation of University.,

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in case Her Majesty shall be pleased so to do, by charter, to found a University in Ireland, which shall be one body politic and corporate, by such name as Her Majesty shall appoint.-

3. The corporation shall consist of a chancellor, a senate, and graduates.' The chancellor shall be nominated from time to time by Her Majesty, and shall hold office during' Her pleasure. Th® first senators of the University shall be the Chancellor of the Uni-veraity and such other persons, not exceeding thirty-six in numher> as Her'Majesty shall Appoint. - The first and every alternate vacancy

323

I 10. ‘tifltvoersity Edwation (Ireland) Act, *1879. Ch. 65.

I in th6 senate Which shall occur among the first senators, other I than1 & vacancy in the office of chancellor, (which shall in all cases I ^filled Up by Her Majesty,) shall be supplied by the election of 1 »senator by the convocation of the University, until the number of I senators elected by the convocation shall amount to six. The ] senators elected by Convocation shall hold office for three years from I the date of their respective elections, and on going out of office I shall be eligible for re-election, and every vacancy which shall occur I among the members of the senate elected by convocation shall be I supplied by a fresh election by convocation, so that the total number I of senators elected by convocation shall continue to be six. Subject I to the aforesaid provisions, vacancies in the senate shall be filled I by persons nominated from time to time by Her Majesty. All sena-I tors shall be removeable by Her Majesty. The graduates shall be I the persons on whom the University shall confer any degree, and I the persons who become graduates of the University under the I provisions of this Act.

The corporation shall have perpetual succession and a common 1 seal, with a capacity to sue and be sued in its corporate name, and ] shall1 be able and capable in law to take, purchase, and hold any ] personal property or Chattels whatsoever, and also, notwithstanding I the statutes1'Of-mortmain, any lands or hereditaments, subject to I fepro visions of the charter.

4. The convocation of the University shall consist of the senate Convocation. I ofth^IMVeVsity, and ofmale graduates having such qualifications

I and implying with such conditions as the charter shall prescribe:

I Provided that any other persons who shall be at the date of the I said 'charter members of the convocation Of the Queen's University | 3hall,%n 'Complying with such conditions, become and continue I members of the convocation of the University to be established under I the said charter.

5. The- senate shall at their first meeting, And afterwards from Election of

I ^e|Mime when a vacancy exists, elect one of their number to 7ice-chancel*

I ffiP^bkncellor of the! University, who shall continue in office lor"

I for three VCars from the date of his election, and on going out of I office shall be eligible for re-election.

6. In Case any such charter is granted by Her Majesty, the Power to

I power of conferring all such degrees or other distinctions as can be confer de^rees-conferred in Or1 by any dther University in the United Kingdom, except degrees in theology, shall be vested by the charter in the University, and the general government of the University5 shall be vested by thfe charter in the senate.

7. The chatter Shall provide that the University shall confer j^onB of a degree upon every person who, having matriculated in the Uni- c er' veisity and complied with such conditions as to his Subsequent

education and the passing of such examinations as the senate may prescribe, satisfies: the senate that be is qualified in point of learning to obtain the safhe. Tsfo residence in any college nor Attendance at lectures or any other course of instruction in the University shall be obligatory upon any candidate for a degree, other than a degree in Medicine of ithrgery;, V ' 1

8. The senate shall institute and make provision for carrying on Examinations, such public examinations1 df candidates for matriculation and de-

iff

fill

Senate to prepare scheme.

Hr

i

Ch. 6o. University Education (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vict.

grees, and such other University examinations in secular subjects, including examinations of women for degrees and for such suitable certificates of proficiency, as may be necessary; and for the purpose of conducting such examinations the senate shall from time to time appoint examiners in the several subjects of secular learning usually studied in a University, and shall make regulations for the conduct of such examinations, and the appointment, removal, and remuneration of the examiners.

9. And whereas it is desirable to promote the advancement of learning in Ireland by means of the creation, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, of exhibitions, scholarships, fellowships, and other prizes, and also by the erection of suitable buildings in connexion with the University to be established under the said charter: Be it enacted that it shall be the duty of the senate, within twelve months after their first appointment, to prepare and forward to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief .Governor or Governors of Ireland a scheme for the better advancement of University Education in . Ireland by the provision of buildings, including examination rooms and a library, in connexion with the University to be founded under any such charter, and by the establishment of exhibitions, scholarships, fellowships, and other prizes, or any of such matters, in which scheme the following conditions shall be observed:

(1.) The said several exhibitions, scholarships, fellowships, and other prizes shall be awarded for proficiency in subjects of secular education, and not in respect of any subject of religious instruction;

(2.) They shall be open to all students matriculating or who have matriculated in the University, and the scheme may propose that they shall be awarded in respect of either relative or absolute proficiency, and that they shall be subject to any conditions as to the age of the candidates, their standing in the University, their liability to perform duty, and otherwise, as the senate shall think expedient;

(8.) In fixing the value and number of the said several exhibitions, scholarships, fellowships, and other prizes, the senate shall have regard, to the advantages of a similar kind offered by the University of Dublin and Trinity College to students matriculated in that University, so as to avoid as far as possible any injury to the advancement of learning in that University and college;

(4.) Provision shall be made that no student holding any exhibition, scholarship, fellowship, or other similar prize in any other University, pr in any college attached to a University, or in any college endowed with public money, shall hold any of the said exhibitions, scholarships, fellowships, or other prizes in the University to be created by the said charter without taking the value, of such previous exhibition, scholarship, .fellowship, or other similar prize into account.

Such scheme shall, within three weeks after the same shall have Been forwarded by the senate to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament is sitting, or if not, then within three

325

1879. University Ed/neation (Ireland) Act, 1879. Ch. 65.

weeks after the beginning of the next ensuing session of Parliament, together with the name of each member of the senate.

10. The charter shall further make provision,subject to this Act,

for dining the powers and duties of the chancellor, the vice-chan- convocation, cellor, and the senate in the government of the University, and also for defining the functions of the convocation of the University, and for making statutes, rules, and ordinances of the University, to be approved of by Her Majesty, and to be laid before Parliament, and for requiring that the Chancellor, or in his absence the Vice-Chancellor, of the University shall annually furnish a report to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland on the , condition and progress of the University, and a copy of every such report shall be laid before Parliament within six weeks of the same being made, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not, then within three weeks of the next meeting of Parliament.

Queen's University.

11. On a day within a period of two years from the granting of Dissolution of any such charter, to be fixed by the Lord Lieutenant by order made Que®n'8 Um* by and with the advice and consent of the Privy Council in Ireland, versl y'

the Queen's University in Ireland shall be dissolved: Provided' that the Queen's University shall not be dissolved until the new University is in a position to confer degrees.

All persons who at the time of the dissolution of the Queen's pjniversity are graduates of the Queen's University shall forthwith become graduates of the University constituted under the provisions of the. charter mentioned in this Act, with corresponding degrees; and all persons who at such time are matriculated students of the .Queen's University or Queen's Colleges shall forthwith become .matriculated students of such University.

All terms kept and examinations passed by any such graduates or students in the Queen's University or Queen's Colleges shall be deemed to be terms kept and examinations passed by them in such

. University.

12. All the real and personal estate and effects of every description Transfer of belonging to the Queen's University shall, on the dissolution of the properfy‘ "Queen's University, become the property of the University constituted

under the provisions of the charter mentioned in this Act, to be administered by the senate for the purposes of the University: Provided that where any such estate or effects consisted of property or moneys given by private persons out of their own resources, and any express trust as to the mode of application thereof affected such estate Or effects in the hands of the Queen's University, the senate of the University constituted under such charter shall be bound, as .fully as the Queen's University would have been bound, to. carry out such express trust in administering such estate or effects.

The University constituted under the provisions of such charter shall pay and discharge the debts of the Queen's University.

13. This Act shall not in anywise affect the Queen's Colleges in Saving for Ireland, nor any president, vice-president, professor, or student in

any of them, save so far as they are affected by the dissolution of the Queen's University, and the professors of the Queen's Colleges

326

Ch. 65,66. University Education (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vici

who are in office at the date of the said charter shall, so long as they hold office as such professors, continue to be styled University professors.

Saving of 14. In case any person who immediately before the passing of this cersof'oueon's any permanent office of profit in the Queen's University,

University. and who shall be in office at the time of the dissolution of the Queen's University, is deprived of his office by the operation of this Act, and is not appointed in the University constituted under this Act to an office involving duties the same as or analogous to those previously discharged by such person at a rate of remuneration not less than that enjoyed by such person in the Queen's University, he shall continue entitled to receive during his life, by way of retiring pension, the full amount of his salary as such officer of the Queen's University, which pension shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament. Any such person who shall decline to accept any such office as aforesaid, if tendered to him, shall he deemed to have resigned his office in the Queen's University, and shall not be entitled to any pension or compensation.

Application of 15. The provisions of the seventh, eighth, and ninth sections of eight*,Canine ifeft Act of the session of Parliament held in the twenty-ninth and of Attorneys thirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-and Solicitors four, intituled " The Attorneys and Solicitors Act (Ireland), 1866," A^(Ireland), extend to and be applicable to the University created by this Act.

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to continue for a further period the power of making Schemes under the Endowed Schools Acts, 1869, 1874, and 1876. [15th August 1879.]

37 & 38 Vict. "YT WHEREAS by the Endowed Schools Act, 1874, it is enacted 82 & 38 Vict 77 that the powers of making schemes tinder the Endowed c. 56. Schools Acts, 1869 and 1873, as amended by that Act, shall continue

36 & 87 Vict. in force for a period of five years from the thirty-first day of c-87, December One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four:

And whereas it is expedient to continue the said powers for a further period:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may he cited as the Endowed Schools Acts Con-

tinuance Act, 1879.

Continuance 2. The powers of making schemes under the Endowed Schools 1882 of theT' Acts, 1869' and 1873, as amended by the Endowed Schools Act, powers of 1874, shall continue & force until the thirty-first day of December

making 0rte thousand* eight, hundred and eighty-two, and sections two and

32h&83 Victr of the Endowed Schools Act, 1874, shall be read as if for the c. 56, words " one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four " the words

86 & 87 Vict « o£e thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven '' were substituted.

c. 87, and ° ggjjjj " - : J

87 & 88 Vict

Ewpirkig Laws Continuance Act, 1879.

Ch. 67.

327

CHAPTER 67.

I An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

I [15th August 1879.]

I -rffSEBEAS the several Acts mentioned in column one of part W one of the schedule to this Act are, to the extent specified I column two of that part of the schedule, limited to expire on I the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and V seventy-nine; and the Acts mentioned in column one of part two I of the schedule are, to the extent specified in column two of the said I part, limited to expire on the day mentioned in the fourth column I of the schedule:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in I this Act mentioned of such Acts, and of the enactments amending I H same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,

I by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and I ^e?nPoral and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and I by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, Short title. 1879.

2. The. Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act, Continuance ia so far as they are temporary in their duration, shall, to the extent

m column two of the said schedule mentioned, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and ®ighty, and any enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. - 8. Amending Acts.

® & 6 Will. 4. o. 27. Linen, Hemp-®n» Cotton, and other Manu-‘ictures (Ireland). §i 4 Vict. c. 89. Poor Rates, ‘ock in Trade Exemption. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. The whole Act. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. (except ss. 18 and 23). 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict e. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

4& 1 (3) ® ® Vict. c. 35. Copyhold, Injure, and Tithe Commissioners. So much as relates to the appointment of and the period for holding office by Commissioners and other officers. . 14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 73.

11 m Vict. c. 59. Application of », Rhway Rates to Turnpike The whole Act. - .m M

i

328

Ch. 67. Ewpvrimg Laws Continuance Act, 1879. 42 & 43

1.

Original Acts.

How far continued.

Amending Act,.

(5)

10 & 11 Vict. 0. 32. Landed Properly Improvement (Ireland).

£* . W

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

(71

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ireland).

I (8)

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management.

As to powers of Commissioners -

As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

The whole Act

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

(9)

23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. Dwellings for |

I Labouring Classes (Ireland).

(10) I

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. Salmon! Fishery (England) Act.

. (ii) I I

25 & 26 Vict. c. 97. Salmon Fisheries (Scotland).

(12)

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. Promissory I Notes.

(13)

27 & 28 Vict. c. 9. Malt for Animals.

H (14) .

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland).

(16)

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. Militia Ballots Suspension.

ni

28 & 29 Vict. c. 66. Charging of Malt Duty by Weight.

; (i7)

28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. Locomotives on Roads.

: (18)

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52. Prosecution Expenses.

I 1 I (19)

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

The whole Act.

As to appointment of inspectors, s. 31.

As to the powers of Commissioners, &c.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.'

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not. repealed.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

The whole Act. The whole Act.

13 & 14 Vict. c.

25 & 26 Vict. c> 2g‘ 29 & 30 Vict. c. 4o'

20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 116

21 & 22 Vict. c. 94.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 46.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 1U.

s. 10.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 60.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 118.

29 & 30 Vict-c.64'

41&42 Vict-

Impart HO

.0' Expiring Lems C<mtimumce Act, 1879. Ch. 67, 68. 329

Part II.

1. Original Act 2. How far continued. S. Amending Acts. 4. Date to which continued.

1 (20) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 42. So much as relates to 25th July 1879, and

Irish Church. the period for hold- the end of the then

1: (21) ing office by Commissioners and officers (8. 9). next session. (32 & 33 Vict. c. 42. 8. 9.)

38 & 39 Vict. c. 48. Police Expenses. The whole Act. 1st September 1879.

1 (22) 39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. Juries (Ireland). The whole Act. (41 & 42 Vict. c. 36.) 11th January 1880.

CHAPTER 68.

An Act to authorise the Metropolitan Board of Work's to defray expenses incurred in .relation to the promotion of certain Bills in Parliament relating to the supply of water to the Metropolis. [15th August 1879.]

WHEREAS the Metropolitan Board of Works did, during the '' last session of Parliament, in good faith, but beyond the powers conferred upon them by-Parliament, promote two Bills, which were respectively intituled A Bill for the supply of water 41 for certain purposes to the Metropolis by the Metropolitan Board " of Works; for the construction of waterworks by the said Board; " and for other purposes "; and " A Bill to make provision for the * purchase by the Metropolitan Board of Works of the undertakings " of the several Water companies supplying water to the Metropolis,

" and to certain places in the neighbourhood thereof; and for the supply of water by the said Board to the Metropolis and to such | places, and for other purposes relating thereto ":$

And whereas the said Bills were respectively read a first time in the House of Commons, but were subsequently withdrawn:

And whereas the Metropolitan Board of Works in the preparation and promotion of the said Bills, and preliminary and incidental thereto, incurred certain expenses, which have been disallowed by the auditor:

And whereas the said Bills were promoted and the said expenses were incurred by the Metropolitan Board of Works in good faith and in the belief that in promoting the said Bills they were acting within their legal powers, and it is therefore expedient that, notwithstanding such disallowment as aforesaid, provision should be made as in this Act contained for enabling the Metropolitan Board of Works to defray such expenses:

Short title.

Provision for defraying expenses of Board in relation to water Bills.

18 & 19 Vict. o. 120.

Ch.68. Metropolitan Bd. of Works Indemnity Act, 1879.42&43 Vict.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Metropolitan Board of Works Indemnity Act, 1879.

2. The Metropolitan Board of Works may defray the expenses incurred by their order in the preparation and promotion of the said Bills, and preliminary and incidental thereto, referred to in the schedule to this Act, when the same have been duly audited and taxed, as if they were expenses legally incurred by the said Board in the execution of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts amending the same.

SCHEDULE.

Details of Amounts paid or payable by the Board in the years 1878 and 1879 for expenses in relation to the Water Supply of the Metropolis.

Amount paid in the year 1878.

(Disallowed by the Auditor.)

Counsel - .

Engineers (re house fittings and as witnesses)

Chemists (analysis of water and as witnesses)

District surveyors (information as to levels of basements, &c.)

Parliamentary agents -

Lithography, maps, plans, &c.

Shorthand notes ----

Wages and travelling expenses of assistants Advertisements -Incidental expenses -

£ 8. 1,045 16 105 6 1,438 6 257 5 1,378 3 416 6

29 15 10 827 14 10 1,105 11 10 7 5,9

6,611

H

Amount paid or payable in the year 1879. Paid to 30th June 1879.

Engineers (re new works and purchase of existing works and as witnesses) -

Geologists (re geological formation of places from 'which samples of water were taken) -Chemists (analysis of water and as witnesses)

Surveyors (information's to levels of basements, &c.) Travelling expenses of assistants -Advertisements -

- 6,320 7 8

348 4 276 10 20 16 16 0 .53 1.5

" j67,b25 6

Estimated amount to meet outstanding accounts and liabilities -' ‘ - . « 1,500 0 6

331

I \0. ffletropoUtcm Board of Works (Money) Act, 1879. Off. 69.

CHAPTER 69.

I ijj Act for further amending the Acte relating to the I raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto.

[15th August 1879.]

fHEEEAS by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, as & 89 Vict. '1876 (in this Act referred to as "the Act of 1875the o. 65.

I jaising of money by the Metropolitan Board of Works (in this Act I referred to as " the Board ") for the purposes therein specified was I regulated, and provision was made requiring that the borrowing I powers granted to the Board by Parliament for the purposes therein I named should for the future be limited both in time and amount:

And whereas by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 41 & 42 Vict I 1878 (in this Act referred to as the "Act of 1878j"), the Board c,3?-I were empowered to raise certain sums of money for the purposes in ik said Act mentioned, and limits of time and amount within which the powers by the said Act granted might be exercised were fixed:

And whereas the powers for the raising of money, by the Act of 41 & 42 Vict. I 187|, conferred upon the Board, have been partially exercised, but c‘37,

| it is expedient that the Board should have power. to raise certain I further sums of money for ^the purposes, upon the terms, and I subject to the limitations herein-after mentioned, and that the Act I of 1878, should be amended:

And whereas It is expedient that the Board should be empowered 41 & 42 Vict I to raise any of the moneys which they are by this Act authorised °*37,

I to raise, and which it may be convenient to raise for a temporary I period, by the issue of bills, with the consent of the Treasury, for I not less than three and not more than twelve rppnths, to be repaid I out of moneys raised by the creation of consolidated stock under I this Act:

I Be jt- therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Koral, and .Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may. be cited as the Metropolitan Board of Works Short title. (Money) Act, 1879; and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) g*39^iot.o.65. Acts, [$75. to 1878, and this Act may be -cited together as the construction of Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts,A$7i to 1879#

2. This Aofc shall be read and have,effect as one with the Metro- 33 & soviet, c. w.' politan Board df Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to .1871, and the

Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to, 1,878; via! <v«

.3, Section five of the Act ox 1878 shall be read and construed as «44aJlofc *st if the aggregate amount which the Board was thereby authorised to of expend for the purposes of the Fire Brigade Act, 1865, had been 41 & 42 Vict. limited tq a suin not exceeding ihirty-hye thousand pqpnds instead g8j|j Vict of twenty thousand pounds, c. 90.

4 Section nine of the El 1878 shall be read and construed as 1 the avnreffate amount which the Board was thereby authorised of s. 9. of toexpen?fo?the purposes of the Plumstead Common Act, 1878, < Y*

41 & 42 Vict. c. cxlv.

Power for Board to expend money foi purposes of 40 & 41 Vict. c, cci.

Power for Board to expend money in improving, &c. obelisk on Victoria Embankment.

Power for Board to expend money under

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120. s. 144. and 25 & 26 Vict. c. 102. s. 72.

Power for Board to expend money for purposes of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 90.

Power for Board to expend money for purposes of 35 & 36 Vict. c. clxiii.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 52.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 87.

I

Ch. 69. Metropolitan Board of WorJcs(Money) Act, 1879. 42&43 Vict,

had been limited to a sum not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds 1 instead of ten thousand pounds.

5. The Board may from time to time up to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, expend

' for the purposes of so much of the Metropolitan Commons Supple, mental Act, 1877, as relates to Clapham Common and Bostall Heath such money as they think fit not exceeding three thousand five j hundred pounds.

The Board, in order to raise money for the purposes of this ] section, may from time to time create consolidated stock.

6. The Board may from time to time up to the thirty-first day j of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty, expend, for j the cost of tablets of inscription on the four sides of the base of the 1 obelisk on the Victoria Embankment, for alteration of the adjoining j granite pedestals and placing sphinxes thereon, and for other per- I manent work incurred and to be incurred in carrying out the J general design, such money as they think fit not exceeding seven J thousand pounds.

The Board, in order to raise money for the purposes of this section, may from time to time create consolidated stock.

7. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty, I expend, under section one hundred and forty-four of the Metropolis I Management Act, 1855, and section seventy-two of the Metropolis ] Management Amendment Act, 1862, such money as they think fit for the purposes mentioned in the said sections respectively.

The aggregate amount expended by the Board under this section j shall not exceed one hundred thousand pounds.

The Board, in order to raise money for purposes of this section, may from time to time create consolidated stock.

8. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty expend for the purposes of providing station houses, fire engines, fire escapes, and permanent plant, for the purposes of the Fire j Brigade Act, 1865, such money as they think fit not exceeding j twenty thousand pounds.

The Board, in order to raise money for the purposes of this 1 section, may from time to time create consolidated stock.

The Board shall from time to time carry to the consolidated loans fund such sums as the Treasury approve, as being, in their opinion, I sufficient to redeem, within thirty years from the date of the creation j of stock for purposes of this section, an amount of consolidated stock equal to that so created.

9. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty expend, for the purpose of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1872, such sums of money as they think fit, not exceeding sixty thousand pounds; provided that the moneys expended under the authority of this section, together with any moneys expended for the said purposes under the authority of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1877, and the Act of 1878, shall not exceed sixty thousand pounds.

333

1879. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1879. Ch. 69.

The Board, in order to raise money for purposes of this section, jjay from time to time create consolidated stock.

10. The Board may from time to time up to the thirty-first day Power for

of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty, expend, for Board to ex-the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1877, purpoT^of °r such money as they think fit not exceeding one million five hundred 40 & 4i Vict. thousand pounds, or such further sum as the Treasury may approve; c- ccxxxv-provided that the moneys expended under the authority of this section, together with any moneys expended for the said purposes under the authority of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) 4o & 41 Vict. Act, 1877, and of the Act of 1878, shall not exceed three million 415£ 49 vict seven hundred and twelve thousand five hundred and seven pounds. c 37

The Board, in order to raise money for purposes of this section, may from time to time create consolidated stock: Provided always, that the money to be raised and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board under this section shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require, and as the Treasury shall approve, for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of the said Act in a proper and efficient manner.

11. The Board may from time to time during the year ending Power for

the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and Board to ex-eighty, expend, for the purposes of the Metropolitan Commons or

Supplemental Act, 1873 (which relates to Tooting Beck Common), 36 & 37 Vict. and of so much of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various c- lxxxv‘-Powers) A.ct, 1875, as relates to‘Tooting Graveney Common, and of 38 65 39 ict* so much of the Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1877, as 40 & 41 Vict. relates to Clapbam Common and Bostall Heath Common, and of the c- ai"L Plumstead Common, &c. Act, 1878, such money as they think fit c!cxlvf 1Ct not exceeding seven thousand pounds.

The Board, in order to raise money for purposes of this section, may from time to time create consolidated stock.

12. Where a vestry or district board constituted under the Power for Metropolis Management Act, 1855, desire in pursuance of authority Board to lend vested in them by Act of Parliament to borrow money for the ^s^c^board purpose of any work or for the purpose of paying off any loan or is & 19 vict. debt, or for any other purpose, and it appears to the Board and to e-120

Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then, from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty, the Board may lend to the vestry or district board, and the vestry or district board may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board think fit and as the vestry °r district board are authorised and desire to borrow.

The aggregate amount lent by the Board under this section shall not exceed two hundred thousand pounds.

The Board, in order to raise money for purposes of this section, may from time to time create consolidated stock.

Money lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding scything in any other Act, be repaid to them, with interest, within such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers, with the approval of the Treasury, agree, not exceeding in case of a loan for purposes of improvements effected by the widening of streets or

334 C&69. MetropolitanBoardof Works (Money) Act, 1879.42&43V1CT |

bridges, or forth© purpose of purchase of land in fee simple, sixty 1 years, and for any other purpose thirty years. ' <! '!Ui>

In case of a loan required to be for not exceeding thirty years I the Board shall from time to time carry to the consolidated loans 1 fund such Sums as the Treasury approve as being in their pinion 1 sufficient to redeem, within the period for which the loan is made I not exceeding thirty years from the date of the creation of stock I for purposes of this section, an amount of consolidated Stock equal 1 to that so created.

Power to lena 13, In case the vestry of the parish of St. Pancras desire in par- I s f sliaTlCe ^e Pancras Loans Act, 1879, to borrow money for the I purposes^of °r purposes therein mentioned, and it appears to the Board and to the I 42 & 43 Vict. Treasury expedient to lend such money, then from time to time up 1

o. xxxix. to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and I eighty the Board may lend to the said vestry, in addition to any money lent to them Iff the Board under the authority of the next I preceding section, such money as the Board think fit and as the said vestry are authorised and desire to borrow.

The aggregate amount lent by the Board under this section shall not exceed one hundred and twenty thousand seven hundred and eighty-five pounds seventeen shillings and fourpence.

The Board, in order to raise money for purposes of this section, may from time to time create consolidated stock.

Money lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding ] any thing, in any other Act, be repaid to them with interest within j such time after the borrowing as the Board and the said vestry, I with the approval of the Treasury, agree, not exceeding fifty years.

14. Where a hoard of guardians of a union or parish wholly or | for the greater part in the metropolis as defined in the Metropolis 1 Management Act, 1855, desire in pursuance of authority vestedjn ] them to borrow money for the purpose of any work, or for the I purpose of paying off any loan or debt* or for any other purpose, | and it appears to the Board and the Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be borrowed shall he spread over & ] series, of years, then> from time to time, during the year ending the 1 thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty* 1 the Board may lend to the board , of guardians, and the boara of 1 guardians may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board I think fit and as the board of guardians are authorised and desire to borrow.

The aggregate amount, lent.by the Board under this section shall j not exceed two hundred thousand pounds.

The Board, in order to raise money for- purposes of this section, may from time tp time create consolidated stock.

Money lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding j anything in any other Act, he repaid to them, with interest, within ! such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers, with the approval of the Treasury, agree, not exceeding thirty years.

The Board shall from time to time carry to the consolidated loans fund such sums as the Treasury approve as being1 in their opinion sufficient to redeeto^within the period for which the loan is made, not exceeding thirty years from the 'date of the creation of stock

Power fot Board to lend to board of guardians.

18 & 19 Vict. c*120.

ig70. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Ad, 1879. Ch. 69. 335

fcr purposes of this section, an amount of consolidated stock equal to that bo created.

15. Where any corporation, body of commissioners, burial board, Power for OP other public body haying power to levy, directly or indirectly, rates in respect of lands in the metropolis as defined in the Metro- burial boards, * polis Management Act, 1855, or to make charges on rates leviable &c-Si the metropolis as so defined, or to take within the metropolis as *8 j*019 vict* so. defined dues or impositions in the nature of rates, desire in pursuance of authority vested in them to borrow money for the purpose of any work, or for the purpose of paying off any loan or debt, or for any other purpose, and it appears to the Board and to the Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then, from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty, the Board may lend to the corporation, commissioners, burial board, or other public body, and they may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board think fit and as the corporation, commissioners, burial board, or other public body are authorised and desire to borrow.

The aggregate amount lent by the Board under this section shall Hot exceed one hundred thousand pounds.

The Board, in order to raise money for purposes of this section, may from time to time create consolidated stock.

- Money lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be repaid to them, with interest, within such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers, with tffi approval of the Treasury, agree, not exceeding in case of a loan fi}rpurposes of improvements effected by the widening of streets or:bridges, or for the purpose of purchase of land in fee simple, sixty years, and fob any other purpose thirty years.

In case of a loan required to be'for not exceeding thirty years the Board shall from time to time carry to the consolidated loans fund such sums as the Treasury approve as being in their opinion Sufficient toJredeem, within the period for which the loan is made, nSh exceeding thirty years from the date of the creation of stock for purposes of this section, an amount of consolidated stock equal to that sb created.

! 'Nothing in this section shall apply tO; the case of the managers of the Metropolitan Asyluta District, or:of the School Board for London.

16. The Board may from time to time during the year ending Extension of the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and am^tjrftoins eighty; lend to the managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District, managers of in addition to the sums authorised by the Metropolitan Board of Metropolitan Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to 1871, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acta, 1875'to 1878, such sums as the managers are s2tssnpt0.ua. from time to time authorised by the Local Government Board to borrow in pursuance of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, and the ^*39Vioto.'ee.'

Acts amending the same, not exceeding in the whole sixty thousand 40 &4ivict. c.62i Rounds* and section thirty-seven of the Metropolitan Board Qf£( Works (Loads) Act, 1869, shall be construed as if the sum of nine sa&ssviot.0.102. hundred and sixty thousand pounds were therein substituted for five hundred thousand pounds.

Ch.6D. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1879. 42&43Vier

Power for Board to expend money for purposes of 42 & 43 Vict. c. cxcviii. and 42 & 43 Vict c. ccxix.

Board may raise money by bills.

Form and length of currency and interest on metropolitan bills.

17. The Board may from time to time up to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty, expend for the purposes of the Thames River (Prevention of Floods) Act, 1879, if it becomes law, such money as they think fit, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds, or such further sum as the Treasury may approve, and for the purposes of the Knights-bridge and other Crown Lands Act, 1879, if it becomes law, such money as they think fit, not exceeding the sum of five thousand pounds.

The Board, in order to raise money for purposes of this section, may from time to time create consolidated stock: Provided always, that the money to be raised and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board under this section shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require, and as the Treasury shall approve, for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of the said Acts in a proper and efficient manner.

18. Notwithstanding anything in this Act or in any other Act relating to the Board contained, the Board, with the consent of the Treasury, may from time to time as they think fit raise any part of the moneys which they are by this Act authorised to raise, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, by the issue of bills under this Act.

19. A bill under this Act (in this Act referred to as a " metropolitan bill ") shall be a bill in form prescribed by a regulation made in pursuance of this Act for the payment of the principal sum named therein in the manner and at the date therein mentioned, so that the date be not less than three nor more than twelve months from the date of the bill.

Interest shall be payable in respect of a metropolitan bill at such rate and in such manner as the Board, with the consent of the Treasury, may direct.

Payment and 20. All moneys raised by the issue of any metropolitan bills application^ s]iap foe paid, to the Board, and shall be expended by them for the metropolitan purposes for which the same are by this Act authorised to be raised Mils, and respectively. The principal money and interest expressed in any onTonsofidated mef'r0P0^an hill to be payable shall be charged on the consolidated rate> rate, and shall be payable out of the said rate, or as regards principal

out of moneys raised by the creation of consolidated stock under this Act for the purpose for which such principal money has been expended, and as regards interest out of the consolidated loans fund.

Mode of issue 21. With respect to the issue of metropolitan bills the following ofmetropolitiin provisions shall have effect:

(1.) Metropolitan bills shall be issued under the authority of a warrant sealed by the Board, and countersigned on behalf of the Treasury;

(2.) Each metropolitan bill shall be for the amount directed by the Board;

(3.) Each metropolitan bill shall be sealed by the Board, the sealing being attested by the clerk in his own name, be made°bB to 22. The Board may from time to time, with the consent of the Board as to Treasury, make, and when made rescind, alter, and add to, regula-

.0' Metropolitan Board of Worlcs (Money) Act, 1879. Ch. 69. 337

I Act with respect issue, cancellation, &c. of me- ... tropolitan bills.

of this Act) the | of payment, and cancellation of metropolitan bills;

(2.) For regulating the issue of a new metropolitan bill in lieu of one defaced, lost, or destroyed;

(3.) For preventing, by the use of counterfoils or of a special description of paper or otherwise, fraud in relation to the metropolitan bills;

(4.) For the proper discharge to be given upon the payment of a metropolitan bill.

Every regulation purporting to be made in pursuance of this section shall be deemed to be within the powers of this Act, and | shall have effect as if it were enacted in this Act.

23. For the purpose of paying off the principal money of any Power to create metropolitan bills the Board may raise any sum which they are by Xck partially this Act empowered to raise by the creation of consolidated stock suspended

for the purposes for which such principal money has been expended, metro-! not exceeding the amount of such principal money; but, save as authorised1*© aforesaid, the powers given to the Board by this Act to raise be raised, moneys for any purposes by the creation of consolidated stock shall be suspended to the amounts and for the periods to and for which moneys are for the time being authorised by the Treasury to be raised for such purposes respectively by the issue of metropolitan

24. Sections eight, nine, ten, and eleven of the Act of the twenty- Application fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, provhrioM of chapter ninety-eight, intituled " An Act to consolidate and amend 24 & 25 Vict.

" the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to indictable c- 88- to metro- offences by forgery " (which sections relate to the forgery of and politau other frauds relating to Exchequer bills), shall apply to the metropolitan hills, and shall have effect as if " Exchequer bill ,*f in those sections included " metropolitan bill."

25. The Board may enter into such arrangements with any bank Arrangement approved by the Treasury for carrying into effect the provisions of fesLe^c^fme0 this Act with respect to the issue of the metropolitan bills, and to tropolitan bills, the payment of the principal sum named therein, and to all matters

relating thereto, and for the proper remuneration of such bank with reference thereto, as they may think proper, and as may be approved by the Treasury.

26. The limitation on the borrowing power of the Board contained 32 & 33 Vict

in section thirty-eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) c-102-8- 38-Act, 1869, shall not extend to money raised by the Board for purposes monejn^ed*0 mentioned in this Act. under this Act.

27. All sums received by the Board in respect of interest on or Repayments to principal of any loan made by them under this Act shall be carried H earned to

f t , . , , , r. j consolidated

to the consolidated loans tuna. loans funfi.

28. The provisions of section three of the Metropolitan Board of 32 & 33 vict> Works (Loans) Act, 1869, shall extend and apply to, and shall c. 102. s. 3. authorise the raising, in manner therein mentioned, of any money extended.

by the Board, with the sanction of the Treasury, under any powers of borrowing.

tions for carrying into effect the provisions of this *o metropolitan bills, and in particular, —

(1.) For regulating (subject to the provisions preparation, form, mode of issue, mode

SCHEDULE.

New Monet Powers conferred in this Act.

Section of Act. Purpose.

Supplemental up to 31 Dec. 187.9

3 Fire Brigade ---- .

4 Plumstead Common ---- _ -

5 Clapham Common and Bostall Heath -

Up to 31 Dec. 1880.

6 Obelisk on Victoria Embankment -

13 Loans to vestry of St. Pancras for paving debts -

17 Thames River Prevention of Floods -

>» Knigbtsbridge Improvement ...

1 Jan. to 31 Dec. 1880.

7 Minor Improvements -

-8 Fire Brigade ---- - .

9 Street Improvements, Act of 1872 -

10 Street Improvements, Act of 1877 -

11 Tooting, Plumstead, and Clapham Commons, and Bostall Heath "

12 Loans to vestries and district boards * -

14 Loans to guardians ---- -

15 Loans to public bodies ...

16 Loans to managers of Metropolitan Asylum District " "

Amounts included above which are re-grants of

Borrowing Power previously granted £ $. d.

Minor improvements - 61,182 14 2

Fire Brigade ---- 2 8 0

Street Improvements Act, 1872 60,000 0 0

Street Improvements Act, 1877 - 1,600,000 0 0

Commons ---- 5,797 18 7

Loans to vestries, &c. - 50 0 0

Loans to guardians - 39,662 0 0

Loans to public bodies . - 22,534 0 0

New Borrowing Power for Board 195,516 19 3

For loans to other bodies - 618,539 17 4

£ s. d,

15.000 o o

5.000 0 0 3,500 0 0

7.000 0 0 120,785 1? 4 100,000 0 0

5.000 0 0

100,000 0 0

20,000 0 0

60,000 0 0

1,500,000 0 0

7,000 0 0

200,000 0 0

200,000 0 0

100,000 0 0

60,000 o 0

2,503,285 17 4

CHAPTER 70.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Vaccinafo°*j Ireland. [15th August 1

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and 1® poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and J the authority of the same, as follows: ,

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Vaccination Amendment (Irehn I Act, 1879.

Extent of Act. 2. This Act shall apply to Ireland only.

339

1879. Vaccination Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1879. Cfl. 70.

3. The father or mother of every child bora in Ireland after the Parents and passing of this Act, or in the event of the death, illness, absence, or

inability of the father and mother, then the person who shall have have such chii-the care, nurture, or custody of the said child shall, within three drenvaccinated months after the birth of such child, or as soon afterwards as may months^after be practicable, take or cause to be taken the said child to the birth, medical officer of the dispensary district in which the said child is resident for the purpose of being vaccinated, unless he shall have been previously vaccinated by some duly qualified medical practitioner, and the vaccination duly certified; and the said medical officer shall and he is hereby required thereupon, or as soon after as it may conveniently and properly be done, to vaccinate the said child : Provided that in the vaccination of children who are inmates of the workhouse or other public or charitable institution the master, matron, or chief officer of the workhouse or other such institution shall take the steps required to be taken under the provisions of this Act by the father or mother of the child, or other person having the care, nurture, or custody thereof. The father or mother or other person having the care, nurture, or custody of any child bom elsewhere than in Ireland, but brought into Ireland after the passing of this Act without having been vaccinated, shall be under the same obligation to have such child vaccinated as if the child had been born in Ireland on the day on which he was brought into Ireland.

4. Upon the same day of the week following the day on which Provision for any child has been vaccinated as aforesaid, the father or mother, or

other person having the care, nurture, or custody of the said child, shall again take or cause to be taken the said child to the medical officer by whom the operation was performed, in order that such medical officer may ascertain by inspection the result of such operation, and, if he see fit, take from such child lymph for the performance of other vaccinations; and in the event of the vaccination being unsuccessful, such parent or other person shall, if the medical officer so direct, cause the child to be forthwith again vaccinated and inspected as on the previous occasion.

5. Upon and immediately after the successful vaccination of any Certificate of child the medical officer or practitioner who shall have performed yaccination to the operation shall deliver to the father or mother of the said child, be given to

or to the person who shall have the care, nurture, or custody of the parent or guar-

said child, a certificate under his hand, according to the form in the cate'toDbedUpl1

First Schedule to this Act marked (A.), that the said child has been transmitted to

successfully vaccinated, and shall also transmit a duplicate of the registrar.

said certificate to the registrar of births and deaths of the district

within which the birth was registered; but if after due inquiry

such district is not known to the medical officer or practitioner, or

if the birth of the child has not been registered, to the registrar

within whose district the operation has been performed; and such

certificate shall, without further proof, be admissible as evidence

of the successful vaccination of such child in any information or

complaint which shall be brought against the father or mother of

the said child, or against the person who shall have had the care,

nurture, or custody of such child as aforesaid, for non-compliance

with the provisions of this Act s Provided that if the medical officer

21 & 22 Vict. c. 64.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 52.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 87.

Rate of payment for successful cases

Legal proceedings.

of any dispensary district is also the registrar of births and deaths I of that district, it shall be sufficient for him to sign one certificate I to be delivered to the father or mother or other person as aforesaid, and to register the fact of such vaccination in the manner I provided by the Vaccination (Ireland) Acts.

6. And whereas by the fifth section of the Act of the twenty- sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, I chapter fifty-two, it is provided that the board of guardians shall I

of vaccination, pay to the medical officer of each dispensary district, in addition to I any salary or allowance payable to him, the sum of one shilling for I every person successfully vaccinated by him: Be it enacted, that the said section shall be and is hereby repealed; and the board of guardians shall pay to every such medical officer for every person successfully vaccinated or every person revaccinated by him within his dispensary district, after the passing of this Act, the sum of two shillings, provided that the said medical officer shall have made the report to the committee of management, regarding the persons so successfully vaccinated, which is required by the Act of the session of Parliament held in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-four.

7. Every person who prevents any dispensary medical officer from taking from any child lymph, as provided by section four of this Act, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to pay a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

The defendant in any proceedings under the Vaccination (Ireland) Acts may appear by any member of his family, or any other person authorised by him in this behalf.

Where any parent or other person having the custody of a child fails to produce such child when required so to do by any summons under the said Acts, such parent or other person shall he liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

Every parent or person having the custody of a child who neglects to take such child or to cause it to be taken to be vaccinated, or after vaccination to be inspected, according to the provisions of the Vaccination (Ireland) Acts, and does not render a reasonable excuse for his neglect, shall be guilty of an offence, and he liable to he proceeded against in'a summary manner, and upon conviction 31 & 32 Vict. 8iiau he liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

8. Every medical officer, parent, or person, as the case shall re-vaednator and quh'e> who shall neglect to transmit any certificate required of him parent neglect- by the provisions of the Vaccination (Ireland) Acts, completely filled ing to transmit Up and legibly written, to the registrar within the time specified by pmishmentof the sa^ Acts, and every medical officer who shall refuse to deliver persons signing the duplicate to the parent or other person, on request, or who shall false certifi- refuse to fill up and sign the certificate of successful vaccination, shall be liable to pay upon a summary conviction a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings," and every person who shall wilfully sign a false certificate or duplicate under this Act shall be guilty of . a misdemeanor, and punishable accordingly,

be proved1 by mY prosecution for neglect to procure the vaccination of a

prosecutors, child it shall not be necessary in support thereof to prove that the Certificate to defendant had received notice from the registrar or any other defence?6111 °®cer of the requirements of the law in this respect; hut if the

21 & 22 Vict. c. 64.

26 & 27 Vict c. 52.

341

1879. Vaccination Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1879. Ch. 70.

defendant produce any such certificate as herein-before described, or the register of vaccinations kept by the registrar, in which the certificate of successful vaccination of such child shall be duly entered, the same shall be a sufficient defence for him, except in regard to the certificate marked B. in the First Schedule to this Act, when the time specified therein for the postponement of the vaccination shall have expired before the time when the information shall have been laid.

10. The guardians of any union in Ireland may direct proceedings Power to guar-tobe instituted for the purpose of enforcing obedience to the pro- dians of poor visions of the Vaccination (Ireland) Acts. The medical officer of ceedta^'and any dispensary district who may be required by the guardians of the remuneration union to attend and who shall attend at any such proceedings shall, in addition to his actual expenses, be entitled to receive for dispensary his remuneration for such attendance such sum, not exceeding one districts, guinea for each day upon which his attendance shall have been 21 & 22 Vict.

I required and given, as the court before whom the proceedings are 6*'27 Vict bad shall certify; and as to such remuneration and expenses, and c. 52. all other expenses incurred in the prosecution, if the court is of 31 & 32 Vict.

I opinion that they should be allowed, the justice or one of the c' 87‘ justices shall ascertain and certify the amount thereof to the guardians of the said union, as set forth in Form C. in the First Schedule of this Act, and such amount shall be payable out of the

[ poor rates of the union in which the neglect or default shall have arisen; and such proceedings on account of neglect to have a child vaccinated may be taken at any time during the continuance of the neglect.

11. Every registrar of births and deaths for any place, not being Transmission the dispensary medical officer of the district, shall, once at least in fe^sctal every month, transmit, by post or otherwise, to each dispensary of births and medical officer whose district is wholly or partly comprised in such deaths, place, a return, certified under the hand of the registrar to be a

true return, of all births and of all deaths of infants' under twelve months of age, which have, since the date of the last return (or in the case of the first return, since the passing of this Act), been registered by such registrar as having occurred in the district of the dispensary medical officer to whom the return is sent.

The registrar shall be entitled to a fee of twopence for every birth or death entered in such return; and such fee shall be paid to him out of the same funds, and by the same persons, and in the like manner, as the fees for carrying out the provisions of the Registration of Births and Deaths (Ireland) Act. 26 & 27 Vict

The returns under this section shall be made in such form and c. 11. contain such particulars as may be from time to time prescribed by the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in Ireland, with the approval of the Local Government Board for Ireland'; and forms necessary for such purpose shall be supplied by the said Registrar General to every registrar of births and'deaths.

12. The term " the Vaccination (Ireland) Acts " shall mean the Definition of Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-first ^ation and twenty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, Acts!"'} chapter sixty-four, and the Act passed in the session of Parliament

held in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of

342 Ch. 70. VdCei/mdon Amendment (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 43 ?iot.

Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-two, and the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the thirty-first and thirty-second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-seven, and this Act.

Repealing 13. The Act specified in the Second Schedule to this Act is yfcfons of°" hereby repealed, to the extent specified in the third column* of that 26 & 27 Vict. Schedule: Provided that this repeal shall not affect the past opera-c. 52. tion of any enactment hereby repealed, nor anything done or suffered under any enactment hereby repealed; nor any right, interest, obligation, or liability accrued or incurred under any enactment hereby repealed; nor any penalty, forfeiture, or punishment incurred in respect of any' offence committed against any enactment hereby repealed; nor any investigation, legal proceeding,

. or remedy in respect of any such right, interest, obligation, or liability as aforesaid.

SCHEDULES referred to by this Act* \

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Form (A.)

I, the undersigned, hereby Certify that the child OF of

aged ij in the county of has been successfully

vaccinated by me.

Dated this day of 18 .

(Signed) AiB., ifyggjjHn

Medical officer of the dispensary, strict

(or other medical practitioner^ as the case may h)y

Form (B.)

I, the undersigned, hereby certify that I am of opinion that thb child of

of in the county of aged is not now in a

fit and proper state to be successfully vaccinated, and I do hereby postpone the vaccination until the day of

(Signed) AMtftVyi

Medical officer of the dispensary district

(or other medical practitionert as the case may 6 e).

Form (0.)

To the guardians of the Union,

I one of - the justices of the peace presiding at petty sessions at '*

, hereby certify, under the provisions of the Vaccination^Ireland) Acts, that the expenses herein set forth have been this day incurred at. the prosecution of certain persons for an offence against said Acts.

Fee to dispensary medical officer for attending as a witness - £

Expenses of medical officer - r , £, ,

Other expenses -

(Signed)

Justice of the peace.

SECOND .SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title,./' Extent of Repeal.

26 & 27 Vict. c. £2. An Act to;further extend and make opmpulqory . the practice of ypeinati^p IR Ireland. Sections one, two, three, . five*. pid thirteen.

343

1879. Registry Courts (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1879. Ch. 71, 72.

CHAPTER 71.

Act to regulate the Practice in Registry Courts in ? Inland. [15th August 1879.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to amend the law regulating the practice in Registry Courts in Ireland:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, add Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Registry Courts Short title. (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1879.

. 2. This Act shall apply to Ireland only. Limitation of

3. This Act shall commence and take effect on and from the first Act day of September one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine. mern^fAct

4. So much of the Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth E lanation o£ years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine, certain par?of Intituled " An Act to amend the laws which regulate the qualifies- the 56th sec-' " tion and registration of parliamentary voters in Ireland, and to fg &°[4 vict.

"alter the law for rating immediate lessors of premises to the poor c. 69.

" rate in certain boroughs," as declares that at the holding of any court under the said Act no party or other person should appear or be attended or heard by counsel, shall not be read and construed to apply to any counsel who for the time being may be a member of Parliament, in respect to his appearance or attending in any court registration purposes in the county or borough which he may for the time being represent: Provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall confer on him any right of exclusive audience or .pre-audience.

CHAPTER 72.

An Act to provide for the re-hearing of Investigations into s Shipping Casualties, and to amend the rules as to the mode of holding, and procedure at, such Investigations.

[15th August 1879.]

BE-it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, arid Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

f?11. This Act may be cited as the Shipping Casualties Tnvestiga- Short title, tiops Act, 1879.

2. (1.) Where an investigation into the conduct of a master, Ee-hearing of mate, or engineer, or into a shipping casualty, has been held under ||

the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, or any Act amending the same, gf5on into * or under any provision for holding such investigations in a British shipping cm-possession, the Board of Trade may, in any case, and shall, if new and important evidence which could not be produced at the in- officer. Vestigation has been, di&overed, or- if for any other reason there 17 & is Vict. has in their opinion been ground for suspecting a miscarriage of c 04 justice order that the case be re-heard, either generally or as to any

344

39 & 40 Vict. c. 80.

Bales as to investigations into shipping casualties and misconduct of officers.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 80.

17'& 18 Vict c. 104.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 63.

Ch. 72. iShipping Casualties Investigations Act, 1879. 42 & 43 VIOr, I

part thereof, and either by the court or authority by whom it was I heard in the first instance, or by the wreck commissioner, or in I England or Ireland by. a judge of Her Majesty's High Court of I Justice exercising jurisdiction in Admiralty cases, or in Scotland by I the Senior Lord Ordinary, or any other judge in the Court of Session I whom the Lord President of that court may appoint for the purpose I and the case shall be so re-heard accordingly.

(2.) Where, in any such investigation, a decision has been given I with respect to the cancelling or suspension of the certificate of a I master, mate, or engineer, and an application for a re-hearing under I this section has not been made or has been refused, an appeal shall I lie from the decision to the following courts; namely,

(a.) If the decision is given in England or by a naval court the I Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division of Her Majesty's I High Court of Justice:

(b.) If the decision is given in Scotland, either division of the I Court of Session:

, .(e.) If the decision is given in Ireland, the High Court of Ad- I miralty, or the Judge or Division of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice exercising jurisdiction in Admiralty eases. (3.) Any re-hearing or appeal under this section shall be subject to and conducted in accordance with such conditions and regulations as may from time to time be prescribed by general rules made under section thirty of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1876.

3. (1.) The list of persons approved as assessors for the purpose of formal investigations into shipping casualties shall be in force for three years only, but persons entered in any such list may be approved for any subsequent list. The list of those persons in force at the passing of this Act shall continue in force until the end of the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty, but nothing in this section shall affect the power of the Secretary of State to withdraw his approval of any name on any such list or to approve of any additional name.

(2.) The assessor or assessors for each such investigation shall, instead Of being appointed by the commissioner, justices, oi other authority holding the' investigation, be appointed in such manner and according to such regulations as may be from time to time prescribed by general rules made under section thirty of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1876-.

(3.) Where any such investigation involves or appears likely to involve any question as to the cancelling or suspension of, the certificate of a master, mate, or engineer it shall be held with the assistance of not less than two assessors .having-experience in the merchant service.

(4.) A master, mate, or engineer shall not be required to deliver his certificate under section four, hundred and thirty-eight of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, or section twenty-four of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1862, unless the certificate is suspeuded or cancelled, and the words 11 or. is tq lie " in the latter of those sections are hereby repealed.

(5.) Investigations into shipping casualties shall he held,in. eo®6 town hall, assize or county court, public building, or in some other suitable place to be determined according to general rules made for

345

j879. Shipping Casualties Investigations Act, 1879. Ch. 72,73.

I (he purpose by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and I unless no. other suitable place is in the opinion of the Board of I Trade available, shall not be held in a court ordinarily used as a f police court.

f f 4, Any general rule made in pursuance of this Act shall be laid Bales to be before both Houses of Parliament within thirty days after it is made,

| if'Parliament be then sitting, or if not, within thirty days after the i commencement of the then next ensuing session.

5. This Act shall commence and come into operation on the first Commence-dayof November one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine; ment of Act Provided that any rules which may be required for the purposes of (his Act may be made at any time before the commencement of ' (his Act, but, if so made, shall not come into operation until the commencement of this Act.

CHAPTER 73.

An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Forests and Land Revenues to agree with the Conservators of the River Thames on the Payments for Piers or Landing-places in or upon the Bed or Shore of the River Thames. [15th August 1879.]

IV HERE AS under the Thames Conservancy Act, 1857, the Con- 20 & 21 Vict.

servators of the River Thames (in this Act referred to as c,cxlT"* thewBonservators) are required annually to render to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues (in this Act referred to as the Commissioners), on behalf of Her Majesty, a correct schedule and account (among other matters) of sales, leases, or grants of piers and landing-places in or upon any portions of the bed or shores of the River Thames, and of all

rents, revenues, and proceeds of what nature or kind .soever accruing or arising from the bed or shores of the River Thames, and further to pay over to the Commissioners one equal third part of all such rents and proceeds:

And whereas under the said Act the Conservators have erected or acquired, by means of moneys derived from the Conservancy Fund, certain piers and landing-places in or upon a portion of the bed or store of the River Thames, which piers and landing-places are under their management:

And whereas it is expedient to authorise the Commissioners and the. Conservators to agree upon the annual payments to be made * by the Conservators to the Commissioners for such piers and landing-places:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and. consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and bb the authority of the same, as follows |g| ...

1, This Act may be cited as the Commissioners of Woods (Thames Short title.

Piers) Act, 1879; r mM fljBB

2 The Commissioners, or one of them, acting with the consent Power to Com-

of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and the Conser- vators may from - time to time make, and when made revoke and to agree as to

346

Ch. 73,74. Commissioners of Woods (Thames Piers). 42 & 43 Vict. I

rents for piers, vary agreements respecting the annual payments to be made from! &c- time to time hereafter by the Conservators to the Commissioners I

or which heretofore should have been so made in respect of all or I any of the piers or landing-places in or upon any portions of the I bed or shores of the River Thames erected or acquired by the Con- servators either before or after the passing of this Act, and under I the management of the Conservators.

All sums paid to the Commissioners in pursuance Of any such I agreement shall be applied (in like manner as sums received by the I 20 xivii Vict' vommissi°ners from the Conservators under the Thames Conser- vancy Act, 1857,) as part of the hereditary possessions and land I revenues of the Crown.

Exception of 3. Sections one hundred and three and one hundred and four I 20 &'2^°victm the Thames Conservancy Act, 1857, (which relate to the account I c. cxivii. of rents, revenues, and proceeds as above mentioned, and to the I ss. 103,104. payment of one third of those rents and proceeds to the Commissioners,) shall not apply to any rents, revenues, or proceeds I received by the Conservators in respect of any piers or landing- places the annual payments in respect of which are the subject of an agreement under this Act.

Limitation of 4. Nothing in this Act contained shall be held to authorise the .Act. Conservators to erect, acquire, or retain any piers or landing-

places which they were not authorised to erect, acquire, or retain before the passing of this Act.

CHAPTER 74.

An Act for improving the position of the Teachers of National Schools in Ireland. [16th August 1879.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provision for the superannuation, of the teachers of national schools in Ireland, and to afford greater facilities for providing residences for such teachers as expressed by this Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

PreUmi/nary.

Short title andi 1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the National School commencement Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879, and shall, except as otherwise expressed, commence and come into operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty.

Interpretation 2. In this Act the term " the Lord Lieutenant '' means the Lord of terms. Lieutenant or other Chief Goverilor or Governors of Ireland for the time being:

The term " the Commissioners of Education" means the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland:

The term "the Treasury" means the Commissioners of Ser - Majesty's Treasury:

The term " prescribed '' means prescribed by rules to be made by the Treasury with the' consent of the Lord Lieutenant:$

347

l$79. National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1 879. Ch. 74.

Th© term " classed teachers " means such principal and assistant jjjri teachers of model or ordinary national schools as receive salaries from and are classed according to the regulations of the Commissioners of Education.

Pensions.

3. The Commissioners of Church Temporalities in Ireland shall, Funds to be out of the property accruing to them under the Irish Church church^of

Act, 1869, when and as required by the Commissioners for the surplus. Reduction of the National Debt, with the consent of the Lord 32 & 33 Vict. lieutenant and the Treasury, provide for the purposes of this Act, c- 42, either in cash or in securities or rentcharges of an equivalent value, such sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million three hundred thousand pounds sterling, as the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall from time to time certify to be required for the purposes of this Act. So long 33 the said oapital sum of one million three hundred thousand pounds, or any part of it, remains outstanding in the hands of the Commissioners of Church Temporalities, they shall on the first day of July and the first day of January in each year pay to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt interest on the said sum or on the balance thereof remaining unpaid from time to time at the rate of three pounds per cent, per annum. The said sum, with the interest thereof, is in this Act styled " The Pension Fund."

4. The Commissioners of Education shall deduct in the pre- Deductions , scribed manner from the salary paid by them to every- classed from salaries

teacher entitled to the benefit of this Act the amount which they o( teachers* are required to deduct in each case in accordance with the provisions of the schedule to this Act. All such deductions shall be paid to tp Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the -prescribed manner, and, together with the interest thereon, shall form part of the pension fund.

5. The pension fund shall be invested by the Commissioners for investment of tbO.Reduction of the National Debt in such and the like securities pension fund, as the said Commissioners are authorised by law to purchase on 'account .of savings banks, and the said Commissioners shall, in respect of all such moneys, have such and the like powers as are now vested by law in the said Commissioners in respect of moneys received by them on account of savings banks; 'and a separate and distinct account shall be kept by the said Commissioners of all receipts, investments, sales, and repayments; and a balance sheet of such account from the first of January to the thirty-first of December, in every year shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament not later than the thirty-first of March in the following year.

6. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, with the consent Award of of the Treasury, to grant to any classed teacher of a national school retirins allow-in Ireland, on his retirement from the service, a pension or gratuity ces‘ according to the scale, and subject) to the provisions contained in the schedule to this Act, chargeable upon the pension fund, and to . be paid in the prescribed manner.

348 Ch. 74. National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 &43 Vict,

If any question arises as to the claim of any person or class of persons for a pension or gratuity under this Act, it shall be referred to the Treasury, whose decision shall be final.

Commissioners 7. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt D may> they think fit, from time to time, until the payment to

vanco funds.

them of the whole of the said capital sum of one million three hundred thousand pounds, make advances for the purposes of this Act, and may apply for that purpose any funds for the time being in their hands under the authority of the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fourteen, and the Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the same reign, chapter eighty-seven, or either of such Acts. All such advances shall be repaid to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt out of the pension fund, with interest at the rate of three and a half per centum per annum, in the prescribed manner. If at any time the pension fund shall be insufficient for the repayment of such advances, the Treasury, upon being duly informed thereof by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, shall issue the amount of such deficiency out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing produce thereof, and the Treasury shall certify such deficiency to Parliament.

Extension of g. The several provisions of the Irish Church Act, 1869, with powereofcom- respech the raising of money by the Commissioners of Church missioned of Temporalities in Ireland, and the giving of security for the repay-Church Tem- ment thereof, and of interest thereon, and with respect to advances to be made by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National c. 42. Debt to the said Commissioners of Church Temporalities, and with

respect to the powers of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in relation to the money so to be raised, shall be extended 32 & 33 Vict. and shall apply to the purposes of this Act as fully as such pro-c. 42. visions apply to the purposes of the Irish Church Act, 1869.

Retirement of 9. From and after the commencement of this Act, every classed teachers. teacher of a national school shall, unless permitted by the Commissioners of Education to continue in the service, retire at the age of sixty-five years in the case of males and at the age of sixty years in the case of females.

Power to 10. At any time after the passing of this Act, the Treasury,

make rtd s° with the consent of the Lord Lieutenant, may from time to time make rules for the administration of this Act. Copies of all such rules shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within fourteen days from the date thereof, if Parliament is then sitting, and if not, then within fourteen days from the next re-assembling of . Parliament.

Schedule to be 11. The schedule to this Act shall be construed and have effect Part as part of this Act. The rules in the schedule to this Act may from time to time be revoked, varied, and added to by the Lord Lieutenant with the consent of the Treasury.

Residences.

Extension of 12. So much of the National School Teachers Residences (Ireland) er o ma e limits the operation of the said Act to residences for

g^9 National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879. Ch. 74. 349

telS of non-vested national schools shall be and is hereby loans for resi-repealed; and all the provisions of the said Act, as amended by g|n^.eg9 Vict (be Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, shall be extended and c. 82.

shall respectively apply to national schools vested in the Commis- *0 &4i Vict. aioners of Education or in trustees for national school purposes c'27> which were so vested and in operation as national schools on the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, as I fully as if vested schools were expressly mentioned throughout the I said Act in addition to non-vested schools.

SCHEDULE.

Regulations as to Payment of Premiums, &c.

I. — Payment of Premiums.

1. For the purposes of this schedule, the first division of the first class and the second division of the first class shall be regarded as separate classes.

2. There shall be deducted from the quarterly salary payable to every classed teacher appointed after the passing of this Act, one-fourth part of the premium shown in table A., column 1, against the age of the teacher at the time of appointment. The premium shall not be due until the quarter is completed.

3. A teacher in the third class at the time of the passing of this Act may secure the same advantages by submitting to a deduction from his or her quarterly salary of the fourth part of the premium shown in table A., column 1, against the age at which he or she entered the class.

4. A teacher in a class above the third class at the time of the passing of this Act will have the option of submitting to a deduction from his or her salary of the premium for his or her existing class, as shown against the age of entering that class in column 2,

3, or 4, together with the premium or premiums for the lower class or classes shown against the age of entry into such class, and will be entitled to pension accordingly.

5. A teacher in the service at the time of the passing of this Act and declining to submit to such deductions will have only such rights in respect to a retiring gratuity as he would have had on the system in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

& Teachers entering the service after the passing of this Act, and teachers in the service at the time of the passing of this Act who elect to come in under this scheme, will on promotion be required to submit thereafter to a deduction, in addition to the premium already deducted, of the amount, of premium shown in table A. for the class to which promoted, according to the age on promotion.

7. If a teacher is or has been appointed in the first instance to a class above the third, or if on promotion a teacher passes or has passed over a class, he or she shall nevertheless pay in addition to the premium of his or her actual class the premium for each lower class.

8. Teachers in the service at the time of the passing of this Act will not be allowed to take advantage of this Act unless they declare their election to do so within five years after the passing of this Act; any teacher who does not, on or before the thirty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty, declare his election to take advantage of this Act will, if he afterwards elects to do so, be required to pay all premiums which Would have been payable by him if he had elected before the said thirty-first of March to take advantage of the Act, together with compound interest on such premiums at the rate of three per cent, per annum.

9. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary, every teacher who is at the time of the passing of this Act in a class above the third class, or who, after the passing of this Act is promoted to or enters a class above the third class, may elect to be treated as a teacher in the third class, or in any class intermediate between the third class and the class in which he is actually serving, and shall thereupon be entitled to the pension, and liable to the premiums fixed by this Schedule for the class the benefits of which he elects to receive.

Ch. 74. National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 & 4,3 VICT

10. For the purposes of this Act the several classes of teachers above the third das shall be deemed to consist of the following numbers (herein-after called " the standard numbers"); that is to say,

Males. Females.

First Class — First Division - 150 First Class — First Division - 130

First Class — Second Division - 410 First Class — Second Division * 350

Second Class - 1,850 Second Class « * 1,650

Should the teachers actually paying premiums in any class above the third class reach at any time the standard number, a teacher thereafter promoted to such higher class shall continue to pay the premiums and be entitled to the pension of the class below until a vacancy occurs in the standard number of the teachers paying the premium of such higher class, when he shall be entitled to claim to pay the increased premium assigned to his then age, and to secure the pension of the higher class. If the total number of male classed teachers paying premiums exceeds five thousand three hundred, or the total number of female classed teachers exceeds five thousand four hundred, the junior teachers in excess of those numbers shall not be entitled to the benefits of this Act until by seniority they come within such numbers, and their so coming within such numbers shall be held for the purposes of this Act to be their appointment to the service.

11. Each teacher shall be required to produce proof of age.

Table A.

Annual Premiums payable by Teachers (until 65 years of age for Males ot 60 years of age for Females) to secure a deferred Pension.

8 1 i! Males. Females.

Col. 1. Col. 2. Col. 3. Col. 4. Col. 1. Col. 2. Col. 3. Col. 4.

Is Pension Pension Pension Pension Pension Pension Pension Pension

2<o §1 £33 £46 £66 £88 £25 £34 £47 £63

from 66. from 65. from 65. from 65. | ffom 60. from 60. from 60. from 60.

O h JJ° I 8rd Class. 2nd Class. 1st Class, 2nd Div. 1st Class, 1st Div. 3rd Class. 2nd Class. 1st Class, 2nd Div. 1st Class, 1st Div.

43,

os

AS

Oh

A

I5

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

81

32

33

34

35

£ s. d. £

0 9 8 0

0 10 0 0

0 10 8 0

0 11 0 0

0 11 4 0

0 12 0 0

0 12 4 0

0 18 0 0

0 14 0 0

0 14 4 0

0 15 4 0

0 16 O 0

0 16 4 0

0 17 8 0

0 18 8 0

0 19 4 0

1 0 8 0

1 1 8 0

18 0 0

1 4 4 0

s.

3

3

8

3

3

3

4 4 4

4

5 5 5

5

6

6

6

7

7

d.

0

4

4

4

8

8

0

4

4

8

0

0

4

8

0

4

8

0

4

8

£ s.

0 4

0 4

0 4

0 4

0 4

0 5

0 5

0 5

0 5

0 5

0 6

0 6

0 6

0 7

0 7

0 8

0 8

0 8

0 9

0 9

d. £ s. d.

0 0 7 8

O 0 8 0

4 0 8 4

4 0 8 8

8 0 9 4

0 0 9 8

O 0 10 O

4 0 10 8

8 0 11 0

8 0 11 8

O 0 12 4

4 0 13 0

8 0 13 8

0 0 14 4

4 0 15 O

0 0 15 8

4 0 16 8

8 0 17 4

4 0 18 8

8 0 19 8

£ s. d.

O 11 8

O 12 4

O 12 8

O 13 4

O 14 0

O 14 8

O 15 4

0 16 4

O 17 O

O 18 O

O 19 0

1 0 0

1 1 0

1 2 0

1 3 4

1 4 8

1 6 4

1 7 8

1 9 4

1 11 4

£ 8. d.

O 4 4

O 4 4

O 4 8

O 5 O

0 5 0

£ 8. d.

0 6 0

O 6 4

0 6 8

0 7 0

0 7 4

£ s. i.

0 7 8 16

0 8 0 17

0 8 4 18

0 8 8 19

0 9 0 20

O 5 4 O 7 8

O 5 8 O 8 O

0 6 0 0 8 4

0 6 4 O 9 0

0 6 8 0 9 4

0 9 4 0 10 0 0 10 4 0 11 0 0 11 4

3l

a

23

H

25

0 7 0 0 10 0

074 0 10 4

0 7 8 0 11 0

0 8 0 0 11 8

0 8 4 0 12 0

O 9 O

O 9 8

O 10 O

O 10 8

O 11 4

0 12 8 0 13 8

0 14 4

0 15 4

0 16 4

0 12 0 0 12 8 0 18 4 0 14 0 0 15 0

2? 23 19 SO

0 15 0 1«

0 17

0 18

1 0

Si

S3

S3

34

35

National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879. Ch. 74.

351

1879-

1 i 1 s 1 s 1 Jsc 1 00 1 1 4 1 Op 1 I I < Maxes. Females. Age on Appointment | or Promotion.

Col. 1. Pension £35 from 66. Col. 2. Pension £46 from 65. Col. 3. Pension £60 from 65. Col. 4. Pension £88 from 65. Col. l. Pension £25 from 60. Col. 2. Pension £34 from 60. Col. 8. Pension £47 from 60. Col. 4. Pension £63 from 60.

3rd Class. 2nd Class. 1st Class. 2nd Div. 1st Class. 1st Div. . 3rd Class. 2nd Class. 1st Class, 2nd Div. 1st Class, 1st Div.

£ 8, d. £ 8. d. & s. d. £ 8. d. | £ 8. d. £ 8. d. 1 £ 8. d. £ *. d.

I 36 I 5 8 0 8 0 0 10 4 1 0 8 1 13 4 0 12 0 0 17 4 1 1 4 36

1 37 1 7 0 0 8 8 0 n 0 1 2 0 ! i 15 4 0 12 8 0 18 4 1 2 8 37

I 38 1 8 8 0 9 0 0 ii 8 1 3 4 i i 18 0 0 13 8 o 19 8 1 1 4 4 38

1 99 1 10 8 0 9 8 0 12 4 1 4 8 | 2 0 8 0 14 8 1 1 0 1 6 0 39

1 to 1 12 4 0 10 4 0 13 0 1 6 0 1 2 3 4 0 15 8 1 2 8 1 7 8 40

1 41 1 14 8 0 11 0 0 13 8 1 7 8 2 7 0 0 17 0 1 4 8 1 10 0 41

1 49 1 43 1 17 0 0 11 8 0 14 8 1 9 4 ' 2 10 8 0 18 4 1 6 4 1 12 4 42

1 19 4 0 12 4 0 15 8 1 11 4 i 2 14 8 0 19 8 1 8 4 1 15 0 43

1 2 2 4 0 13 4 0 17 0 1 13 8 1 2 19 4 1 1 4 1 11 0 1 18 0 44

1 2 5 8 0 14 4 0 18 4 1 16 4 ! 3 4 8 1 3 4 1 13 8 2 1 8 45

| 2 9 0 0 15 4 0 19 8 1 19 8 j 3 11 0 1 5 8 1 17 0 2 5 4 46

1 2 13 0 0 16 8 1 1 4 2 2 4 3 18 4 1 8 4 2 0 8 2 10 4 47

2 17 4 0 18 0 1 3 0 2 6 0 4 7 0 1 11 4 2 5 4 2 15 8 48

1 2 4 0 19 8 1 5 0 2 10 0 4 17 0 1 15 0 2 10 8 3 2 0 49

8 0 1 1 4 1 7 4 2 14 8 5 9 4 1 19 4 2 17 0 3 10 0 50

1 51 1 52 8 14 8 1 3 8 1 10 0 3 0 0 6 4 8 2 5 0 3 5 0 4 0 0 51

1 53 4 1 6 0 1 13 0 3 6 0 7 8 8 2 11 8 3 14 8 4 12 0 52

1 54 4 I 1 8 8 1 16 8 3 13 4 8 8 4 3 0 8 4 7 8 5 7 8 53

1 55 2 4 1 12 4 2 1 0 4 2 0 10 1 0 3 13 8 5 5 0 6 9 4 54

xo 4 1 16 4 2 6 0 4 12 4 12 8 8 4 10 0 6 9 4 7 19 0 55

56 $7 6 7 n 4 2 1 4 2 12 8 5 5 0 15 18 4 5 14 8 8 5 8 10 3 8 56

1 53 8 2 7 8 8 0 8 6 1 4 21 16 8 7 17 4 11 2 0 13 19 4 57

39 60 10 13 13 2 8 8 8 2 3 4 16 7 2 0 0 8 3 4 5 11 5 5 0 4 0 7 8 10 2 11 10 4 0 4 33 68 11 2 8 8 12 24 2 10 0 8 17 35 9 8 4 8 21 43 10 12 0 0 58 59

61 69 16 23 19 5 8 4 5 7 3 6 8 4 6 9 16 6 0 0 13 18 11 12 8 4

36 2 8 11 7 O 14 9 0 28 18 0

64 74 19 8 23 11 4 30 0 0 60 0 0

II. Pensions.

IH ,4- male teacher retiring at 65 years of age or upwards, or a female teacher retiring l years of age or upwards, shall be entitled to pension at the following rates; provided ne or she shall have paid the premium of the class. If not, the pension shall be that of the highest class for which the premium shall have been paid.

Class from which Retiring. Males. Females. I

£ £

1st class, 1st division - - 88 63

1st , 2nd , ... 60 47

2nd , ... 46 34

3rd , - 35 25

13. Service after the age of 65 for males or 60 for females, even if specially permitted, shall not confer any right to an increase of pension.

Pensions on Voluntary Retirement.

14. A male teacher aged 55 or upwards, or a female teacher aged 50 or upwards, may retire on the following rates of pension, viz.:

352 Ch. 74. National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879. 42 &

Age on Retirement. 1st Class, 1st Division. 1st Class, 2nd Division. 2nd Class. 3rd Class.

£ £ £ £ -

64 79 54 42 32

63 71 49 38 29

62 64 44 34 26

61 59 41 32 24

60 53 37 29 22

59 48 34 27 21

58 44 31 24 19

67 40 29 23 18

56 37 26 21 17

55 34 24 19 15

Females.

Age on 1st Class, 1st Class, 2nd Class. 3rd Class.

Retirement. 1st Division. 2nd Division.

£ £ £ £

59 58 43 31 23

58 53 40 29 22

57 49 37 27 20

56 45 34 25 19

55 42 32 23 17

54 39 30 22 16

53 36 28 20 15

52 33 26 19 14

51 30 24 17 13

50 28 22 16 12

Payment of Pensions.

15. Pensions will be paid quarterly in arrear, on proof being furnished of existence and identity.

Gratuities in Case of Disability.

16. If the Commissioners of Education certify to the Lord Lieutenant that they are satisfied that a male teacher under the age of fifty-five or a female teacher under the age of fifty, who, in case he or she continued in the service until the age for compulsory retirement would be entitled to a retiring allowance under this Act, has become incapable from permanent infirmity of mind or body to discharge the duties of his or her situation, the Lord Lieutenant, with the consent of the Treasury, may grant to such teacher a gratuity, or, if the teachdr prefers it, a pension on retirement according to the following scale, and having regard to the highest class for which such teacher shall have paid the premium.

Age on Retirement. First Class, First Div. First Class, I Second Second Div. 1 Class. Third Class. Age on Retirement. First Glass, First Div. First Class, Second Div. Second Class. Third Class.

Gra- tuity. Pen- sion. Gra- 1 tuity. Pen- sion. Gra- tuity. Pen- sion. Gra- tuity. Pen- sion. Gra- tuity. Pen- sion. Gra- tuity.. Pen- sion. Gra- tuity. Pen- sion. Gra- tuity. *en* ion.

54 53 62 51 50 49 48 47 4t 4! 4‘ 4 4 A 282 270 257 245 233 220 1 207 195 182 169 156 1 142 i 129 & 31 25 26 23 21 19 i 18 16 15 13 ' 12 11 9 A 1 206 199 191 186 179 172 165 158 151 144 1 136 1 127 119 A 23 21 19 18 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 9 A 165 160 156 151 146 142 137 133 128 124 118 113 107 11 18 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 8 8 7 A 132 129 127 124 121 118 116 113 111 108 105 101 98 A 14 13 13 12 11 10 10 9 9 8 8 7 7 41 40 39 38 37 36 35 34 33 32 31 30 A 115 102. 100 98 95 93 91 83 75 68 60 52 A 8 7 7 6 6 5 5 5 4 4 3 3 £ no 102 100 98 95 93 91 83 75 68. 60 52 A 8 7 7 6 6 5 5 5 4 4 3 3 A 102 96 95 94 93 92 91 83 75 68 60 52 A 7 6 6 6 5 5 5 5 4 4 3 3 A 94 91 91 91 91 91 91 83 75 68 60 52 i « 0 6 6 5 5 i 5 4 4 3 3

1879.

National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879. Ch. 74, 75.

353

III. Repayment of Premiums.

17. If a teacher is dismissed or quits the service otherwise than by death or retirement on a pension, or retirement on receipt of a gratuity in lieu of pension, he shall forfeit nil claim to pension or gratuity, but the amount deducted from salary from time to time for premiums shall be returned to him, either at the time of withdrawal from the service, or at any time thereafter, on proof of identity.

18. In the event of a teacher, who is dismissed or quits the service, re-entering for farther service, he or she shall again pay any sum which may have been repaid, and also any premiums for the quarter years during which he or she may have been out of the service. These sums while unpaid shall bear compound interest at the rate of three per cent, per annum. They may be paid at once on re-entering the service, or the payments maybe spread by deductions from salary over one or two years,as the Commissioners shall determine.

19. A teacher degraded from a higher class shall receive back any premiums paid as a consequence of service in such higher class, and shall only have a claim to the pension of the class for which he shall afterwards pay the premiums.

CHAPTER 75.

An Act to amend and continue the Acts relating to Election Petitions, and to the prevention of Corrupt Practices at Parliamentary Elections.

[15th August 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Parliamentary Elections and Short title. Corrupt Practices Act, 1879.

2. The trial of every election petition and the hearing of an ap- Trial of elec-plication for the withdrawal of an election petition shall be conducted ?on petition to before two judges instead of one, and the Parliamentary Elections befonTtwo*

A.ct, 1868, shall be construed as if for the purpose of hearing and judges, determining the petition at the trial and of hearing and determining any application for the withdrawal of an election petition two judges were mentioned, and additional judges shall, if necessary, be placed on the rota accordingly.

Every certificate and every report sent to the Speaker in pursuance of the said Act shall be under the hands of both judges, and if the judges differ as to whether the member whose return or election is complained of was duly returned or elected they shall certify that difference, and the member shall be deemed to be duly elected or returned; and if the judges determine that such member was not duly elected or returned, but differ as to the rest of the determination, they shall certify that difference, and the election shall be deemed to be void; and if the judges differ as to the subject of a report to the Speaker, they shall certify that difference and make no report on the subject on which they so differ.

Save as aforesaid, any order, act, application, or thing for the purposes of the said Act may continue to be made or done by, to, or before one judge. The expenses incident to the sitting of two judges shall be defrayed as the expenses of one judge are payable under the provisions of the said Act.

354 Ch.75,76. Parliamentary Elections<&Corrupt Practices. 42&43 Vict

Continuance of 3. This Act and the Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act Acts- so far as they are unrepealed, shall continue in force until the

thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty, and any enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration be continued in like manner.

SCHEDULE.

Acts referred to.

Session and Chapter. Title.

Part I.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102 -21 & 22 Vict. c. 87 - 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29 - The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854. An Act to continue and amend the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854. An Act to amend and continue the Law relating to Corrupt Practices at Elections of Members of Parliament.

Part 11.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 126 - 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21 -34 & 35 Vict. c. 61 - The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868. The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. The Election Commissioners Expenses Act, 187-1.

Short title.

Act not to apply to Bank of England.

Act to be construed with 26 * 26 Vict. c. 89., 30 & 81 Vict. c. 181., and 40 & 41 Vict. c. 26. Registration anew of company.

26 & 26 Vict. C. 89. 80 &3l Vict. 0.181. 40 & 41 Vict. o. 26. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 76.

CHAPTER 76.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Liability of Members of Banking and other Joint Stock Companies; and for other purposes. [15th August 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may he cited'as the Companies Act, 1879.

2. This Act shall not apply to the Bank of England.

3. This Act shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, be construed as one with the Companies Acts, 1862, 1867, and 1877, and those Acts together with this Act may be referred to as the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1879. SflBR

4. Subject as in this Act mentioned, any company registered before or after the passing of this Act as an unlimited company may register under the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1879, as a limited company, or any company already registered as a limited company may re-register under the provisions of this Act.

The registration of an unlimited company as a limited company in pursuance* of this Act shall not affect or prejudice any debts, liabilities, obligations, or contracts incurred or entered into by, to, with, or on behalf of such company prior to registration, and sue debts, liabilities, contracts, and obligations may be enforced

. . Companies Act, 1879. Ch. 76. 35

mneT provided by Part VII. of the Companies Act, 1862, in the 25 & 26 Vict. I . jjjg of a company registering in pursuance of that Part. c-89*

I 5 An unlimited company may, by the resolution passed by the ®^erve capital I members when assenting to registration as a limited company under how provided.

I Companies Acts, 1862 to 1879, and for the purpose of such 1 lustration or otherwise, increase the nominal amount of its capital 4o<Mivict. c.26.'

I 11 1 ± £ i p i | A 42 & 43 Vict. c. 76.

I by increasing the nominal amount or each or its shares.

Provided always, that no part of such increased capital shall I be capable of being called up, except in the event of and for the I purposes of the company being wound up.

And, in cases where no such increase of nominal capital may j be resolved upon, an unlimited company may, by such resolution I as aforesaid, provide that a portion of its uncalled capital shall not be capable of being called up, except in the event of and for the purposes of the company being wound up.

A limited company may by a special resolution declare that any portion of its capital which has not' been already called up shall not be capable of being called up, except in the event of and for I the purpose of the company being wound up; and thereupon such j portion of capital shall not be capable of being called up, ex-I cept in the event of and for the purposes of the company being I wound up.

6. Section one hundred and eighty-two of the Companies Act, 25 & 26 Vict. 1862, is hereby repealed, and in place thereof it is enacted as ^epeLed ^nd I follows: — A bank of issue registered as a limited company, either liability of bank j before or after the passing of this Act, shall not be entitled to of issue unlisted liability in respect of its notes; and the members thereof respect

I shall continue liable in respect of its notes in the same manner as if it had been registered as an unlimited company; but in case the j general assets of the company are, in the event of the company I being wound up, insufficient to satisfy the claims of both the noteholders and the general creditors, then the members, after satisfying I the remaining demands of the note-holders, shall be liable to contribute towards payment of the debts of the general creditors a sum I equal to the amount received by the note-holders out of the general [ assets of the company.

For the purposes of this section the expression | the general assets of the company " means the funds available for payment of the general creditor as well as the note-holder.

It shall be lawful for any bank of issue registered as a limited company to make a statement on its notes to the effect that the limited liability does not extend to its notes, and that the members of the company continue liable in respect of its notes in the same manner as if it had been registered as an unlimited company.

7. (1.) Once at the least in every year the accounts of every Audit of ac-banking company registered after the passing of this Act as a limited counts of ba.nk-company shall be examined by an auditor or auditors, who shall ing companies-be elected annually by .the company in general meeting.

(2.) A director or officer of the company shall not be capable of being elected auditor of such company.

(3.) An auditor on quitting office shall be re-eligible.

(4.) If any casual vacancy occurs in the office of any auditor the Surviving auditor or auditors (if any) may act, but if there is no

356

I Ch. 76: Companiea Act, 1879. 4-2 & 43 Vict: I

surviving auditor, the directors shall forthwith call an extraordinary,; I I general' meeting for the purpose of supplying the vacancy or vacancies in the. auditorship.

, (5.). Every auditor shall have a list delivered to him of all boob kept by the company,; and shall at all reasonable times have access to the books and accounts of the company; and any auditor may, in relation to such books and accounts, examine the directors or any other officer of the company : Provided that if a banking company has branch banks beyond the limits of Europe, it shall be. sufficient if the auditor is allowed access to such copies Of and extracts from the books and accounts of any such branch as may have been transmitted to the head office of the banking company in the/' United Kingdom.

(6.) The auditor or auditors shall make a report , to the members on the accounts examined by him or them, and on every balance sheet laid before the company in general meeting during' his or their tenure of office; and in every such report shall state whether, in his or their opinion, the balance sheet referred to in the report is a full and fair balance sheet properly drawn up, so as to exhibit a true and correct view of the state of the company's affairs, as shown by the books of the company; and such report shall be read before the company in general meeting.

(7.) The remuneration of the auditor Or auditors,<shall; be: fixed by the general meeting appointing such auditor or auditors, and. shall be paid by the company.

Signature of g. Every balance sheet submitted to the annual or other meeting balance sheet. 0y ^he members of every.; banking company registered after the passing of this Act as a limited company shall be signed by the auditor or auditors, and by the secretary or manager (if any), ind by the directors of the company, or three; of such*' directors !at the least.

On the registration, in pursuance of- this Act, of a company c 89 ‘ which has been already registered, the registrar shall make provision

so & 31 Vict. for closing the former registration of jthe company, and may dis-to^liTict Pense ^th the- delivery to jhim of copies of; any. documents with c, 26. copies of which he was furnished on the occasion of the original

registration of the company; but, save as aforesaid, the registration of such a company shall take place in the same manner and have the same effect as if it were the first registration of that company so&si^-Aoali.! 'Hffier the Companies Acts, 186iUto; J879, and as if the provisions ' of .the». Acts Under which the company was previously registered; 42&43 vict. c. 76. and regulated had been contained in different Acts of Parliament from those | under which the company is registered as a limited company.

ArflwfSwe 1®* A company authorised to register under this Act may register notwithstand- thereunder and avail itself of the. privileges conferred by this Act, ing constitution notwithstanding any provisions contained in any Act of Parliament, of company, royal charter, deed of settlement, contract of copartner,, cost book, Regulations, letters patent-, or, other instrument constituting ;or regulating the company.

1879.

Public Works Looms Act, 1879.

Ch. 77.

357

CHAPTER 77.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Public Works Iioan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to grant money for the purpose ,of Loans by the said Commissioners; and for other ' purposes in relation thereto. [15th August 1879.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Acts relating to the I Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to grant money for the purpose of loans by those Commissioners:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1879. Short title.

Past I.

Amendment of Acts.

2. Where a loan is granted by the Public Works Loan Commis- Minimum rate sioners, or by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and of interest for the rate of- interest for such loan, fixed by the special Act which oaiM' authorises the Commissioners to grant the loan, is a special rate less than five per cent., such loan shall, notwithstanding anything in the special Act, bear interest at a rate not less than the rate in the special Act, and such other rate as may be necessary, in the judgment of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in order to enable the loans to be made without loss to the Exchequer.

3. The advances made by the Public Works Loan Commis- Restriction on sioners, or by. the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, under amoun*of |gg any one Act, in any one financial year to one borrower (notwith- rover. 1 standing anything in the Act authorising such loan) shall not Exceed in the aggregate one hundred thousand pounds.

4. Nothing in. this Act shall apply to any loan granted before Act not to ' the passing of this Act, nor to any instalments subsequently ad- to old vanced in respect of such loan, nor to any advance which the Ioms'specially Public Works Loan Commissioners are authorised to make, by saved by sections four and five of the Public Works Loans Money Act, 1876, 39 & 40 Vict and the Acts in those sections mentioned, to the Port Patrick and nor to loans5' Belfast and County Down Railway Companies, and for improving under 88 & 34 the harbour of Colombo, nor to any advance under the Irish Land Vict- c> 46,

Act, 1870, or any Act l. authorising loans for the improvement, drainage, or purchase of lands in Ireland.

: Provided, that where though a loan has not been actually granted before the passing of this Act, negotiations for the same have proceeded so far as to make it in the opinion of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury inequitable for such loan to be subject to the provisions of this Act or any of them, such loan shall, for the purposes of those provisions, be deemed to be a loan granted before the passing of this Act.

388 Ch. 77. . .Public Works Loans Act, 1879. 42 & 43 Vioi

Power of Pub- 5. Whereas certain persons (in this Act referred to as the

Commissioners P^ody trustees) received certain sums from the late George to lend, and of Peabody upon trust to expend the same for constructing or im-Peabody trus- proving dwellings for the labouring classes in London, and the tees to borrow. pub]ic Works Loan Commissioners, although empowered to }end money to associations established for the like purposes, have no power to lend to such trustees, and it is expedient to confer such power: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

The Public Works Loan Commissioners may lend to the Peabody trustees, and the Peabody trustees may borrow any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole three hundred thousand pounds, to be applied by the said trustees towards the construction of dwellings suitable for the labouring classes in accordance with their trust and towards the purchase of land for that purpose.

Every sum so advanced shall be repaid within a period not exceeding fifteen years from the time of the advance, with interest thereon at such rate, not less than three and a half per centum per annum, as may be agreed upon between the said Commissidfiers and trustees.

Every sum so advanced shall be advanced in accordance with 38 & 39 Vict. the Public Works Loan Commissioners Apt, 1875, and the Peabody trustees shall have full power to give such security as the Commissioners may require in. pursuance of that Actj and to mortgage the estates vested in them to the Commissioners.

Power'of Pub- . 6. The Public Works Loan Commissioners may lend to any com-

Uc Works Loan pauy sooiety, or association established for the purpose of con-

commissioners , ' , i /..111 1 ____

to lend to la- structing or improving dwellings for the labouring classes, any sum

bonrere dwell- or sums to be applied towards the construction of dwellings suitable

mgs companies. for M|g labouring classes, and towards the purchase of land far that

purpose.

Every sum so lent shall be repaid within a period not exceeding fifteen years from the time of the advance, with interest thereon at such rate not less than three-and-a-half per centum per annum, as may be agreed upon between i the Commissioners and the borrower.

38 & 39 Vict. Every sum so advanced shall he advanced in accordance with the Public Works Loan Commissioners Act, 1876.

Regulations as 7. If the Act granting money for the purpose of loans by the w .temlfeaul Pukhc Works Loan Commissioners authorises the Commissioners for Commissioners the Reduction of the National Debt to advance money for such to the Publio purpose, those Commissioners may, out of moneys in their hands Works Loan on account of savings banks or .Post Office savings banks, advance omxmssioners. . Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums of

money not exceeding in the whole the amount named in the said Act, during the period named in the said Act, or, if no period is named, during the financial year for which such Act was passed.

Every sum so advanced shall be placed to the account to which money issued by the Treasury to the National Debt Commissioners 38 & 89 Vict. for the purpose of loans under the Public Works Loans Act,' 1875, is, for the time being, required to be placed, and shall be held and disposed of accordingly,

Every sum so advanced shall be repaid with interest at such rate, not exceeding five per cent, per annum, within such number

. fearS) not, exceeding thirty, as may be agreed on, with the DroV(4 of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, between the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Every sum so advanced shall be repaid, and the interest from time to time accruing thereon shall be paid, out of the sums paid 0j. applicable in or towards the discharge of the principal or interest of any loan granted by the Public Works Loan Commissioners whether before or after the passing of this Act, and whether before or after the advance of the said sum, and, if such sums are insufficient, shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund ,of the United Kingdom.

. .For the purpose of such repayment a sufficient portion of the sums so paid or applicable as aforesaid shall, under the direction of the Public Works Loan Commissioners, be paid to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and not into the receipt of the Exchequer.

The security for every sum advanced in pursuance of this section shall be given in such form and manner as may be from time to time directed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and may be given and executed by the secretary to the Public Works Loan Commissioners in the name of himself and his successors on behalf of the Commissioners.

This section shall apply in the case of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland in like manner as if it were re-enacted, with the substitution of V the Commissioners of Publio Works in Ireland "[ for " the Public Works Loan Commissioners," and of 40 & 41 Vict. Part II. of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, for the n»2Z'«,q Vw Public Works Loans Act, 1875. . *£.

8. For the purpose of the provisions of the Public Works Loans Application of Act, 1875, relating to the grant of money for the purpose of loans 38 & 39 Vict. by the Publie Works Loan Commissioners, all money advanced by the Commissioners ^for the Reduction of the National Debt in National Debt pursuance of this Act shall be deemed to be money granted by Commissioners. Parliament for the purpose of the said loans.

Composition of Debt.

9. Whereas in pursuance of the Harbours and Passing Tolls, Composition of &o. Act, 1861, and the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1863, and the Me of Man Harbours Amendment Act, 1864, the Public Works ofMan.

Loan Commissioners advanced to the Harbour Commissioners of 24 & 25 Vict. the Isle of Mon, for the purpose of works at Port Erin in the Isle °'6^271|||[ of Man, sums amounting in the aggregate to fifty-eight thousand c. 86. two hundred pounds on the security of the dues leviable at Port 27 & 38 Vict. Erin under the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1863, and on the collateral ^6&27 y;ct_ security of a sum not exceeding one thousand six hundred pounds e. 86. in any one year payable out of any surplus of the customs revenues of the Isle of Man:$

And whereas by the Isle of Man Customs, Harbours, and Public 29 & so Vict Purposes Act, 1866, the said annual sum of one thousand six hundred p- 23. pounds was made payable out of the sum of ten thousand pounds payable as therein mentioned out of the customs of the Isle of Man into Her Majesty's Exchequer:

85 & 86 Tiot. And whereas by the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872, the above-

e. 23. mentioned Harbour Commissioners were dissolved, and the Isle of

Man Harbour Commissioners were constituted a body corporate in lieu of and with the property and liabilities of the first-mentioned Commissioners:

And whereas the dues leviable at Port Erin, and the said annual sum of one thousand six hundred pounds (being the security for the said loan) have proved insufficient to meet the payments in respect of principal and interest of the said loan from time to time due to the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and a sum of fifty-three thousand nine hundred and ninety-two pounds fifteen shillings and tenpence, besides arrears of interest, amounting on the thirty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine to the sum of six thousand and eighty pounds twelve shillings and tenpence, remains due to those Commissioners:

And whereas the government of the Isle of Man, on behalf of the Isle of Man Harbour Commissioners, have offered to compound the said loan by the immediate payment of twenty thousand pounds, and it is expedient to authorise the Commissioners to accept such composition:

Be it therefore enacted as follows:$

The Public Works Loan Commissioners may compound the debt due to them from the Isle of Man Harbour Commissioners in respect of the above-mentioned loan (including therein all arrears of interest), for the sum of twenty thousand pounds, and on the payment of that sum to the Public Works Loan Commissioners the residue of the said debt shall be extinguished, and shall be considered as a free grant from Parliament, and the Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule mentioned.

Part II.

Provision of Money for Public Works Loan Commissioner,*.,

Grant of 10. For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Com-

6,000,000l. for missioners, —

kans'dtufag8 (AO Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sura

the period end- . of six million pounds, m ay be issued out of the Coning 30th June , solidated Fund of the United Kingdom,- or I the growing

888& 39 Vict. produce thereof, in manner provided by the Public Works

<..'89: Loans Act, 1875; and

(2.) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may advance any part or parts of the total sum above in this section mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund; and such sums may be issued and advanced during the period ending on the thirtieth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eighty, or on any earlier day at which a further Act granting I money for the purpose of the said loans cOmes into' operation.

The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations 38 & 89 Vict. provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, borrow the sum c. 89. authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated

Fund, or any part of that sum.

1879.

Public Works Loans Act, 1879.

Ch. 77, 78.

361

Part III.

grant of Money for Public Works Commissioners, Irda/nd.

it the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public amtofsawoM.

t ,i, , J for loan by Com-

I uforks m lreiana, — *.i . : . missioned of

(1.) Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole eight hundred £4^® and fifty thousand pounds, may be issued out of the ^eupfriodS^ing; , Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing nne produce thereof, in manner provided, by Part Two of - the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877; and 40 & 41 Vict.

(2.) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Uebt c‘2 ‘ may advance any part or parts of the total sum above in this section mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund;

I andi such sums may be issued and advanced during the period I ending on the thirtieth day of June one thousand eight hundred I and .eighty,'or on any earlier day on which a further Act authorising I the issue of money for those loans comes into operation.

. The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations I provided by Part Two of the said Act, borrow the sum authorised By this election to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

! 27 & 28 Vict. c. 62. - i ! 29 & 30 Vict. c! ^3! ' - The Isle of Man Harbours Amendment Act, 1864. Isle of Man Customs, Harbours, and Public Purposes Act, 1866. Section two. Section seven, from " Provided always," to end of the section.

IK,

CHAPTER 78.

An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts.

[16th August 1879.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords , Spiritual and Temporal, aud Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

Preliminary.-'

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Supreme Court of Construction Judicature Acts, 1873, 1875, and J877, and may be cited together with those Acts as the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts, 1873 s«&s7V>ot.e.66. to 1879, and separately as the Supreme Court of Judicature M&ffrlct* a." (Officers) Act, 1879.

[Commencement of Act.]

Definition of " existing."

Establishment of central office.

Certain offices amalgamated with central office.

Transfer of certain officers to central office.

Central office to be under '

Gh., 78. Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act. 42 & 43 Tier,

2. This Act shall, except where it is otherwise expressed, come into operation on the twenty-eighth day of October one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

3. In this Act " existing " means existing at the commencement of this Act.

Central Office.

4. There shall be established a central office of the Supreme Court of Judicature.

5. There shall be concentrated in and amalgamated 'with the central office the following offices; namely,

The record and writ clerks office;

The enrolment office';

The report office ;

The offices of the masters of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions, including the bills of sale office;

The offices of the associates in the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions;

The Crown office of the Queen's Bench Division; w

The Queen's remembrancer's office;

The office of the registrar of certificates of acknowledgments of deeds by married women;

The. office of the registrar of judgments; and Such other offices of the Supreme Court as may from time to time be amalgamated with the central office by rules of court.

6. There shall be transferred to the central office;-^ 1 '

- (a.) The existing record and writ clerks ;

The existing aLerk-of enrolments;

The existing clerks in the report office;

The existing masters of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and .Exchequer Divisions;

The existing associates in the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions;

The existing Queen's remembrancer;

The existing Queen's coroner and attorney, and the existing master of the Crown office other than the Queen's coroner and attorney ? JEfQ

The existing ijegM^art of. certificate § of acknowledgpjent H

i :-: deeds by married women; and

The existing registrar of judgments; with their respective clerks' and mesdhhgefs'j Or the clerks and messengers employed in their respective'offices : J

(fe.) Such of the existing officers employed under the registrars of the Probate, Divorce, arid Adrhiralty Division" as the Judges Of that Division respectively select as necessary for the performance of the. duties to be performed in the central office; and * (<?.) Such other officers of and persons; employed in the Shpreme Court or the offices thereof as are. from time to time transferred to the central office by rules of court.

7. The central office shall) be under the control and superintendence of officers called masters of the Supreme Court of Judicature.

II0;'Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879. Ch. 78. 303

Provided that the existing clerk of enrolments shall as long as control of I )# continues to hold that office retain his control and superintendence e^eerac°,ftu' I Oyer the business heretofore performed in his office and over the pr e u I persons for the time being employed in the performance of that

8 (1.) The first masters of the Supreme Court of Judicature shall Emasters

v'' ' ' of Supreme

I be — Court

The existing masters of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and ^Exchequer Divisions;

The existing Queen's coroner and attorneyj The existing master of the Crown office other than the Queen's coroner and attorney ;

The existing record and writ clerks; and

The existing associates in the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and

. Exchequer Divisions.

(2i)i The salaries of the first masters of the Supreme Court shall . be:

ji (a.) In the case of each existing master of the Queen's Bench, j Common Pleas, or Exchequer Division, the salary to which ' 'he is entitled as such master at the commencement of «r‘this Act:

v (6.) In the case of the existing Queen's coroner and attorney, and - the existing master of the Crown office other than the Queen's coroner and attorney, the yearly sum of fifteen hundred pounds:

(c.) In the case of every other master of the Supreme Court,

the salary to which he would have been entitled if he had been appointed a master of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer Division immediately before the commencement of this Act.

H&l vacancy in the office of any master of the Supreme Court other than a master being Queen's coroner and attorney or master of the Crown office, shall not: be filled until the number of masters is reduced to eighteen.

9. (1.) The right of filling any vacancy in the office of master Appointment of the Supreme Court, or in any clerkship in the central office, shall, of

subject as in the next sub-section mentioned, be vested in the Lord central office.

Chief Justice of England, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer in rotation and in such order as they by agreement among themselves determine.

(2.) The right of filling any vacancy in the office of Queen's coroner and attorney and of master in the Crown Office shall be vested in the Lord Chief Justice of England, and the persons appointed to these offices respectively shall be : by virtue of their appointment masters^ of the Supreme Court.

(3.) Subject as aforesaid, the right of -filling any vacancy in, and of making any new appointment in or for the purposes of, the central office shall be vested in the Lord Chancellor with the

concurrence of the Treasury. < fi

(4) Any officer of the central office may be removed by a majority of the Judges mentioned in this section, with the approval of the Lord Chancellor, for reasons to be assigned in the order of removal.

364 Ch. 78. Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act. 42 & 43 Vict.

Qualification of masters of Supreme Court.

Tenure of masters of Supreme Court. Business of central office.

Classification of clerks of central office.

Abolition of certain offices and continuance of others.

10. A person shall not be qualified to be appointed a master of the Supreme Court unless he is or has been a practising barrister or solicitor of five years standing, or has practised for five years as a special pleader or as a special pleader and barrister; but nothing in this section shall affect the qualification of any existing.officer of I the Supreme Court to be appointed to any office dealt with by this I Act.

11. Every master of the Supreme Court shall hold office during I good behaviour.

12. (1.) The business to be performed in the central office shall, I subject to rules of court, comprise all the business performed in the ] offices by or in pursuance of this Act amalgamated with the central I office, and shall be distributed among the several officers of the I central office in such manner as may be directed by rules of court. I

(2.) The several officers of the central office shall be interchange* I able one with another and shall be capable of performing and liable I to perform the duties of each other in any department of the office, I and generally shall perform such duties and have such powers in I relation to the business of the Supreme Court as may be directed I by rules of court, subject to this qualification, that the duties I required to be performed by any officer transferred to the central I office by or in pursuance of this Act shall, except as far as they I are modified with his consent, be the same as or analogous to those I which he performed before being so transferred.

(3.) Subject as aforesaid, all officers of the central office shall continue to perform the duties heretofore performed by them in their respective offices, and to have and exercise the powers heretofore vested in them, in the same manner, as nearly as may be, as if this Act had not passed.

13. The clerks employed in. the central office shall be classified as principal clerks, first-class clerks, second-class clerks, and copying clerks, or in such other manner as the Lord Chancellor, With the concurrence of the Treasury, from time to time directs.

14. (1.) The offices specified in the first part of the First Schedule to this Act are hereby abolished as from the commencement of this Act.

(2.) Each of the offices specified in the second part of the First Schedule to this Act shall be abolished on the occurrence of the next vacancy therein.

(3.) On and after the occurrence of the next vacancy in any of the offices specified in the third part of the First Schedule to this Act, the senior master for the time being of the Supreme Court shall hold and perform the*duties of the office, with such additional salary in respect of the office of Queen's remembrancer as the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Treasury, may determine.

(4.) Provided as follows:$

(a.) For the purposes of this section the existing masters of the Queen's Bench, Common- Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions shall collectively rank as senior to the other first masters of the Supreme Court j '

(6.) Subject as aforesaid, each of the first masters of the Supreme Court shall, for the purposes of this section, rank in seniority according to the date of his first appointment to

36

I 0 '- Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879. Ch. 78.

ran office in the,Supreme Court, or in any court of which the jurisdiction has been transferred to the Supreme t*.. Court.

Salaries amd Pensions.

15, (lj- The salaries of the several officers of the Supreme Court to salaries, I shall he of such amounts as the Lord Chancellor, with the concur- of officers of I rence of the Treasury, from time to time determines, and every such Supreme Court. I officer shall bA deemed to be for the purposes of salary and pension a I permanent civil servant of the state. H

I ,(&). The salaries of all officers of the Supreme Court shall be paid I out;of money provided by Parliament.

Every pension and compensation shall be paid out of money | provided by Parliament.

16. The application for a pension under this Act shall be by a Mode of ap-I petition to the Lord Chancellor setting forth the service and emo- for

| laments of the applicant in such form and with such particulars P I as the Lord Chancellor directs.

If the Lord Chancellor approves of the application he shall trans-I mit 'it to the Treasury for their examination and award, and the I Tr®asur7 shall thereupon inquire into the application, and if the made thereby is established to their satisfaction, Shall award I and direct payment of the pension to which the applicant is en-

17. It shall be lawful for. the Lord Chancellor from time to time Power to de-t^feolare by writing signed by him that any office entitling to a f^f0^and°" pension under this Act is an office for the due and efficient discharge add years to ahties of which professional Or other peculiar qualifications, service of ^oHina^y ifca be acquired in the public; service, are required, flieM0 * aiia that1!! is in the interest of the public that persons be ap- pointed thereto at an age exceeding that at which public service ordinarily begins; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Treasury to order that when the holder of any such office retires from public service, a specified nujnbdf of years, not exceeding twenty, ahull, in computing the amount Of pefiindfi'payable 'io the officer, , be added ti> the number of years during which he has actually served.

Every such order shall havfe the sameCffecfc as an order or warrant made [.under section, four, of the Superannuation Act, 1859. .82 22 Vict. c. 26.

18. If any officer ^ofi 3 the .Supreme Court, being afflicted with Power for Lord any infirmity which disables him from the due execution of his office,.refuses to resign or becomes incapable of resigning his office, abledTofficer.

.it shall be lawful for the.Lord^Chancellor by Order to remove him from his office.

19.i Inhere a^person has at the commencement of this Act a Provision as to right to succeed to an office; f,0 which < a pension or superannuation' Pe"°n°^itled allowance is attached under atiy previous Act, nothing in this Act under previous shall prejudicially affect >his right Jt<& claim a pension or allowance Acts.

*.j> IfMj aMK t

?0(2.) Any officer of the Supreme Courbwho is or might become entitled to,a pension or superannuation ^allowance under any previous Act may, if he thinks fit, instead..of claiming a pensioner allowance under that Act, claim a pension under this Act, and thereupon the same proceedings shall be taken as if he had been entitled to a pension under this Act.

Conditions of obtaining pensions under this Act.

Application of salary and pension provisions to officers in lunacy.

Making rules of court.

88 & 39 Vict c. 77.

39 & 40 Vict. c, 59.

Saving rights of officers transferred.

Doubts as to status, &c. of officers to be determined by rules of court.

Compensation. for prejudice to right or privilege.

28 & 89 Vict. c. 41

Os. 78. Supreme 'Court of Judicature (Officers) 'Act. 42 & 43 Vict.

20. An officer of the Supreme Court appointed after the com. mencement of this Act shall not be entitled to a pension under this Act unless he has been admitted to his office with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners.

Provided that the Lord Chancellor may from time to time, with the concurrence of the Treasury, make, revoke, and alter ordere declaring that this section shall not apply to any office or class of j offices specified in the order, and the application of this section shall be limited in accordance with any such order.

21. For the. purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to salaries and pensions, an officer in lunacy shall be in the same position as if he Were an officer of the Supreme Court.

Rules of Court.

22. (1.) Section seventeen of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act' 1875, as amended by section seventeen of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876, shall extend to authorise the making, in pursuance of those sections, of rules of court under or for the purposes of this Act, and under or for the purposes of any Act passed after the passing of this Act which expressly or by implication authorises or directs the making of rules of court, and also under or«for the pttrphses of any Act passed before the passing of this Act, which, so far as unrepealed, expressly or by implication authorise*, or directs the making of any orders, rules, or regulations for any purpose for which rules of court can be made under the above-mentioned sections, or for any similar purpose; provided that where the concurrence of the Treasury is required in making rules of court or any such orders, rules, or regulations, rules of court unde|| this section shall not be made without that concurrence.

(2.) Such rules of court as are requisite for bringing this Act into Operation shall be made as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, but no rules of court made under this Act shall come into operation before the commencement of this Act.

Supplemental.

23. Subject to the express provisions of this Act, the officers transferred by or in pursuance of this Act shall have the same rank and hold their offices by the same tenure and upon the same terms and conditions, and receive the same salaries, and, if entitled to pensions, be entitled to the same pensions, as if this Act had not passed.

24. Where a doubt exists as to the position under this Act of any existingofficer affected by this Act, or whether any person is an officer of the . Supreme Court; within the meaning of this Act, the doubt may be* determined by rules of court, subject to this proviso, that a rule of court made under this section shall not alter the tenure of: office, rank, pension, if any, or salary of the officer, or require him without his Consent to perform any duties other than duties analogous to those which, he has already performed.

25. If any person deems himself aggrieved by reason of any right or privilege, customary or otherwise, being prejudicially affected by

5. this Act or the Courts of Justice Building Act, 1865, or any Adt

367

I 1879.'! Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Ad, 1879. Ck 78

I pending the same, or by anything done under any such Act, he I Pre®®n^ a iPetition to the Lord Chancellor stating the circumstances of the case and asking for the compensation to which the petitioner deems himself entitled; and if the Lord Chancellor thinks the petitioner entitled to compensation he shall transmit the petition I to the Treasury, stating the grounds on which he thinks the I petitioner so entitled, and the Treasury shall have discretion to I award such Compensation, if any, as in their, opinion is just and reasonable.

26. Nothing in or done under this Act shall affect any liability Saving asjto I to the payment of fees payable to any officer or in any office affected j^.men 0

by this Act, and all such fees shall, subject to any regulations with regard thereto which may from time to time be made by rules of court, continue to be payable in the same manner and to the same persons as heretofore.

27. Any enactment or document referring to an officer or office Construction of abolished by or under this Act, shall, as far as it continues applicable,

be construed as referring to the officer or .office substituted by or Cen or offices "* under this Act, and rules of court may be made for determining affected by this

what officer or office is so substituted. ^ct

28. The buildings erected under the Courts of Justice Building Name of new Act, 1865, and the Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865, Iaw courts. :to*th(sr with all additions thereto, shall be styled the Royal Courts SiSnSt^S' of Justice.

C. 66.

29. -Whereas by reason of the provisions of the Supremie Court BeP*al°f feature Act, 1873, and the Acts amending the same, including this Act, divers enactments relating to officers and offices of the Schedule. Supreme Court, and to the making of orders, rules, and regulations 86 * 8^ for purposes connected with the Supreme Court, have become un-necessary, and it is expedient that they be specifically repealed, therefore the Acts specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule*

I Provided that- —

(1.) This repeal shall not affect —

(a.) Anything done.or suffered before the commencement of this Act under any enactment repealed by this Act; or...

(6.) Any right, duty, or liability acquired, imposed, or incurred by or under any enactment hereby repealed; or (c.) Any penalty, forfeiture; ot pUnishment incurred in respect of any offence committed against any enactment hereby repealed,; or,

11(ft)'- The Instituftdfc or prqsecution to its termination of any ' legal proceeding, or other, remedy for ascertaining, enforcing/or recovering any such liability-, penalty, forfeiture,

- or punishment as aforesaid;

(e.) The validity of any rule, order,'or regulation made under any enactment hereby repealed; and (2.) In particulaf, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, the repeal: effected by this section shall not deprive any person who at the. commencement of this Act- enjoys any compensation, pension, retiring annuity, superannuation allowance, or Salary mentioned

68 Ch. 78. Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act. 42 & 43 Vict.

in any enactment repealed by this section of his right to receive the same compensation, pension, retiring annuity, superannuation allowance, or salary, or of any right he may have to receive any progressive or prospective increase of salary, or to obtain any promotion, or succession, or any pension, retiring annuity, or superannuation allowance, or affect or diminish any such right, or affect any right of appointment vested in any existing Judge, or alter the duties, conditions, or restrictions attached to any office held by any existing officer; and (3.) This repeal shall not revive any enactment, right, office, privilege, matter, or thing not in force or existing at the commencement of this Act.

SCHEDULES.

Section 14. FIRST SCHEDULE.

First Part.

Offices to be abolished as from commencement of Act.

The offices of —

Record and Writ Clerk:

Master in the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions of the High Court of Justice:

Associate in the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer Divisions of the High Court of Justice.

Second Part.

Offices to be abolished on next vacancy.

The offices of —

Clerk of Enrolments:

Clerk of Petty Bag.

Third Part.

Offices to be filled on vacancy by the Senior Master of the Supreme Court.

The offices of —

Queen's Remembrancer:

Registrar of Certificates of Acknowledgments of Deeds by Married Women: Registrar of Judgments.

Section 29. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act in this Schedule is inclusive of the word, section, or other part first or last mentioned or otherwise referred to as forming tb® beginning or as forming the end of the portion described in the description or citation.

Tear and Chapter. Title or Short Title. Extent of repeal.

29 Chas. 2. c. 5. An Act for takeing of affidavits in the country to be made use of in the Courts of Kings Bench, Common The whole Act.

53 Geo. 3. c. 24. Pleas, and Exchequer.

An Act to facilitate the administration of justice. Section five.

369

Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879. Ca 78.

4. & 1 Will. 4.

I ll Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4.

JO-.

i Will. 4. c. 7.

J St 3 Will. 4.

e. 16.

c. 39.

S&4 Will. 4. c. 74.

3&4 Will. 4. c. 94.

3&4 Will. 4. c. 99.

' Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 30.

3 & 4 Vict.

c. 66.

5 %.

c. 6.

* 6 Vict.

c. 86.

An Act for regulating the receipt and future appropriation of fees receivar ble by officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law.

An Act for the more effectual administration of justice in England and Wales.

An Act for the more speedy judgment and execution in actions broughtin His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Courts of Common Pleas of the county pala tine of Lancaster; and for amending the law as to judgment on a cognovit actionem in cases of bankruptcy.

An Act for uniformity of process in personal actions in His Majesty's Court of Law at Westminster.

An Act for the abolition of fines and recoveries and for the substitution of more simple modes of assurance.

An Act for the regulation of the proceedings and practice of certain offices of the High Court of Chancery in England.

The whole Act.

Section eleven.

Section six.

Section fifteen.

Section sevefliy-five and section eighty-nine to "lodged."

An Act for facilitating the appointment of sheriffs and the more effectual audit and passing of their accounts; and for the more speedy return and recovery of fines, issues, forfeited recognizances, penalties, and deodands; and to abolish certain offices in the Court of Exchequer.

An Act to abolish certain offices in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and to make provision for a more effective and uniform establishment of officers in those courts.

An Act to make provision for the judge registrar and marshall of the High Court of Admiralty of England.

An Act to make further provisions for the administration of justice.

Section .nine, section ten from "and it shall be lawful" to end of section, sections twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, thirty-three, and thirty-four, and the schedule.

Section forty-six.

fe. 24.

An Act for abolishing certain offices on the Revenue side of the Court of Exchequer in England, and for regulating the office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer in that court.

Price 2d] a

The whole Act, except section nine, sections thirteen, fifteen, and nineteen, and twenty-eight.

The whole Act, except sections one and seven.

Sections eighteen, twenty-six, thirty-five, section thirty-eight from "and that each " to end of section, section thirty-nine, from the beginning to "gene- ral order direct j and that ", sections forty-six and forty-seven, section forty-eight from " and that they " to end of section, and sections forty-nine and fifty-six.

Sections two and four.

370 Qk.78. SupremeOourtof Judicature (Officers) ActAS'Jd. 42&43 Vict.

Tear and Chapter. Title or Short Title. Extent of repeal.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 103. - An Act for abolishing certain offices Section three from the beginning 1

of the High Court of Chancery in England. to " one thousand two hundred j " pounds per annum and ", 1 from " shall be entitled under j "this Act" to "and taxing ] "master", and from "and i " may be removed" to end of 1 section. Sections four and 1 five. Sections six and eleven, 1 except so far as they relate to 1 a taxing master, and sections I nine, fourteen, eighteen, nine- 1 teen, thirty-one, and thirty- ] two.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 20. An Act for abolishing certain offices on. the Crown side of the Court of Queen's Bench and for regulating the Crown Office. The whole Act, except sections j six and eleven.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 38. An Act to make further regulations for facilitating the hearing appeals and other matters by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Section thirteen.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 67. - An Act to enable parties to sue out and prosecute writs of error in certain cases upon the proceedings on writs of mandamus. Section four.

10 8s 11 Vict. c. 96. - An Act for better securing trust funds and for the relief of trustees. Section four.

12 8s 13 Vict. c. 109. - The Petty Bag Office and Enrolment in Chancery Amendment Act, 1849. Section forty-one.

13 8s 14 Vict. c. 35. - An Act to diminish the delay and expense of proceedings in the High Court of Chancery in England. Sections thirty to thirty-two.

13 8s 14 Vict. c. 75. - An Act to regulate the receipt and amount of fees receivable by certain officers in the Court of Common Pleas. The whole Act.

14 8s 15 Vict. c. 83. - An Act to improve the administration of justice in the Court of Chancery and in the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Sections two and twelve, section 1 twenty-one from "and shall " be subject " to " by the said " Act ", and sections twenty- j two and twenty-three.

15 8s 16 Vict. c. 73. - An Act to make provision for a permanent establishment of officers to perform the duties at Nisi Prius in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and for the payment of such officers and of the judges clerks by salaries, and to abolish certain offices in those courts. The whole Act, except section 1 eleven and section twenty-six, 1

15 Gs 16 Vict. c. 76. - The Common Law Procedure Act, 1852. Section s two hundred andtwenty-; four and two hundred and

15 8s 16 Vict. c. 80. - An Act to abolish the pffice of Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery, and to make provision for the more speedy and efficient despatch of business in the said twenty-five. Sections five, twenty-five, thirty-eight, forty-four, forty-five, J forty-six, fifty, fifty-four, fifty- j five, and fifty-seven.

15 8s 16 Vict. c. 86. . Court. An Act to amend the practice and course of proceeding in the High Court of Chancery. Sections sixty-three and sixty- ] four.

fear and Chapter.

Title'or Short Title.

Extent of repeal.

J 15 & 16 Vict. c. 87.

116 & 17 Vict. c. 22.

H 16 & 17 Vict. c. 70. - lj & 18 Vict. c. 78.

117 & 18 Vict. c. 125. -| 18 & 19 Vict. c. 126.

I 18 & 19 Vict. c. 134.

W & 20 Vict. c. 97.

21 Vict. c. 77.

204 21 Vict. c. 85. -® 23 Vict. c. 21.

23&

23

24 "Vict. c. 126.-24 Vict. c. 128.

An Act for the relief of the suitors of the High Court of Chancery.

An Act for making further provision for the execution of the office of examiner of the High Court of Chancery.

The Lunacy Regulation Act, 1853 -

An Act to appoint persons to administer oaths and to substitute stamps in lieu of fees, and for other purposes in the High Court of Admiralty of England.

The Common Law Procedure Act,

1854.

An Act for diminishing expense and delay in the administration of justice in certain cases.

An Act to make further provision for Sections five, the more speedy and efficient de- twelve, spatch of business in the High Court of Chancery, and to vest in the Lord Chancellor the ground and buildings of the said Court situate in Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, with powers of leasing and sale thereof.

Sections one,twenty-three, twenty-nine, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, forty-six, and forty-seven. Section three.

Sections thirteen and fourteen, and section fifteen from "and . "the present officers" to end of section.

Sections three, four, and twenty-two.

Sections ninety-seven and ninety-eight.

Section twenty.

six, eight, and

The Mercantile Law Amendment Act, 1856.

An Act to amend the law relating to probates and letters of administration in England.

An Act to amend the law relating to divorce and matrimonial causes in England.

The Chancery Amendment Act, 1858

An Act to regulate the office of Queen's Remembrancer and to amend the practice and procedure on the Revenue side of the Court of Exchequer.

The Common Law Procedure Act, 1860.

An Act to enable the Lord Chancellor and Judges of the Courts of Chancery to carry into effect the recommendations and suggestions of the Chancery Evidence Commissioners by general rules and orders of the Court.

Section fifteen so far as it incorporates any enactment repealed by this Act.

Sections eight, fourteen, and eighteen, section nineteen from "subject to be removed" to end of section, and sections one hundred and two to one hundred and six and one hundred and eleven to one hundred and thirteen.

Sections fourteen, sixty-two, and sixty-eight.

Section eleven.

Sections one to five, and section forty-one.

Sections thirty-seven and thirty-eight.

The whole Act.

Tear and Chapter. Title or Short Title. Extent of repeal.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 149.- An Act to make better provision for the relief of prisoners in contempt of the High Court of Chancery, and pauper defendants, and for the more efficient despatch of business in the said court. Sections twelve and fourteen.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 96. - An Act to render tenable during good behaviour the office of the officer of the Court of Common Pleas by whom the certificates of acknowledgment of deeds of married women are filed of record. The whole Act.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 45. - The Common Law Courts (Fees) Act, 1865. The whole Act.

29 85 30 Vict. e. 68. - The Superannuation Act, 1866 The whole Act, so far as it applies to officers of the Supreme Court or to officers in Lunacy.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 101.- The Common Law Courts (Fees and Salaries) Act, 1866. The whole Act.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 87. - The Court of Chancery (Officers) Act, 1867. Section eight from "and shall " be subject " to "same Act", and sections nine and ten.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 91. - The Courts of Justice (Salaries and Funds) Act, 1869. Sections sixteen to twenty-eight.

36 8s 37 Vict. c. 66. - The Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873. Section eighty-five.

40 8s 41 Vict. c. 18. - The Settled Estates Act,' 1877 - Section forty-two from "so far " as relates to proceedings in " England" to the first "speci- fied therein, and ".

APPENDIX AND INDEX.

CONTENTS.

1. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts

PASSED DURING THE SESSION.

2. List of the Local and Private Agts, arranged in

Classes.

8. Tables showing the Effect of the Year's Legist

LATION.

4. Index to the Public- General Statutes.

1

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Pbivate Acts passed during the Session.

LOCAL ACTS.

I The Titles to which the letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

1a N Act to confirm an Order made by the Board of Trade under the Sea I A Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Tollesbury and Mersea, [in the River I Blackwater (Essex).

jj,An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement I of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863, and the Acts amending the same.

ijii, An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the General Police and Im-

V provement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burgh of Paisley.

|ir. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the General Police and Im-

provement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burgh of Inverness.

I v. An Act to extend the periods limited for the compulsory purchase of lands I for, and for the completion of, the Dover and Deal Railway.

I ri. An Act to amend the Grand Junction Waterworks Act, 1878.

I vii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the North and South Woolwich Subway.

Vili. An Act to remove certain impediments in the way of building on certain, land in Croydon allotted in the year 1801 under the powers of an Inclosure Act of the Thirty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third, Cap.

| 144.

ix. An Act conferring additional powers on the Bury Saint Edmund's Gas Company.

X. An Act to authorise the New River Company to raise further Money.

Xi. An Act for granting further powers to the Nottingham Waterworks Company. ' "1 * V

Si. An Act for conferring upon the Corporation of* Weymouth and Melcombe Regis further powers in relation to the Bridge over the harbour; and for other purposes.

Sii. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Burnt Fen First'District, and tb provide for the making and maintaining of Roads in the said District; and for other purposes.

Xiv. An Act to empower the Chester Cemetery Company to enlarge their Cemetery, and to confer further powers upon them in relation to their ^Undertaking; and for other purposes. |

Xv. An Act for the Abandonment of the Railway authorised by the Brewood and Wolverhampton Railway Acts, 1874 and 1875.

*Vi. An Act to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands for and for the . Construction of the Forth Bridge Railway.

Xvii. An Act for incorporating the Westgate and Birchington Water Company; and for other purposes.

376 Table of the Statutes. 42 & 43 Via

xviii. An Act to amend the Llandudno Improvement Act, 1876, to authorise the! Abandonment of certain^Water works, and the Construction of other Waterworks instead thereof, by the Commissioners acting in execution of the said Act I and for other purposes.

xix. An Act to alter the constitution of the Trustees of the Port and Harbour I of Whitby in the north riding of the county of York, for better defining the I limits of the said Port and Harbour; and for other purposes.

xx. An Act to explain and amend the Deed of Settlement of the Norwich I Union Fire Insurance Society, to provide for the increase of the capital and I subdivision of the shares of that Society, and to enable that Society to sue and I be sued in the name of a) public officer.

tcx\. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks Company.

xxii. An Act to authorise a Sale by the Principal and Soholars of Brasenoee I College in the University of Oxford to the Governors of Saint Bartholomew's I Hospital of two Houses situate in Little Britain, in the City of London, within .1 the gates of the said Hospital.

xxiii. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Leeds with reference I to Hunslet Moor; and for other purposes.

xxiv. An Act for the Abandonment of the South Dublin Railway.

xxv. An Act for the Abandonment of the Railways authorised by the Sidmouth ] Railway Act, 1876; and for other purposes.

XXVI. An Act for conferring further powers on the Pemberton Local Board in 1 relation to the Construction of Waterworks and the Supply of Water; and for j other purposes.

xxvii. An Act for incorporating the Gosport Street Tramways Company, and for empowering them to construct Tramways; and for other purposes.

xxviii. An Act for establishing a Cattle Market at Lewes in Sussex.

xxix. An Act to confer further powers on the Rathkeale and Newcastle Junction Railway Company.

ytt An Act for authorising the London and South-western Railway Company and the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to provide and use Steam and other Vessels for conveyance of traffic between places on the Coast of Hampshire, and between those places and the Isle of Wight; and for other purposes.

xxxi. An Act to confer further powers on the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company.

xxxii. An Act to authorise an extension of time to the Severn Bridge and Forest of Dean Central Railway Company for completing their undertaking.

xxxiii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Sleaford in the County of Lincoln, and the adjacent district; and for other purposes.

xxxiv. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Thomas Vicars the elder and Thomas Vicars the younger, of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, and James Smith of the same place, for the invention of Improvements in Self-stoking Furnaces.

XXXV. An Act to enable the Local Board for the District of Tipton in the county of Stafford to acquire certain Lands for the purposes of their Gas Undertaking; and for other purposes* i xxxvi. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, to obtain a supply of Water from the Lake Thirlmere in Cumberland; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

m

I <rxvii. An Act to extend the time limited by the Birmingham Waterworks ] 1*870, for the Construction of the Works by that Act authorised, and to

I empower the Corporation of the Borough of Birmingham to borrow further ( jfoneys for the purposes of the Birmingham (Corporation) Water Act, 1875,

I and of the Waterworks of the Corporation; and for other purposes.

I rtxviii. An Act to authorise the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company to 11 construct additional works, to acquire lands, to raise additional capital; and | for other purposes.

J ffprix- An Act to provide for the Repayment of Loans raised under and for the | purposes of certain Local Acts relating to the Parish of Saint Pancras in the I County of Middlesex,

| xL An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Glasgow Corporation Water-

| works to construct additional Works; and for other purposes.

lp xli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act, 1861,

\ relating to Bispham, Carleton, and Thornton Improvements, situated in the parishes of Bispham and Poulton, in the county of Lancaster,

p.xlii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order tinder the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the Burgh of Castle Douglas.

| P. zliii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne, the Local Government District of Blackrod, the Rural Sanitary District of the Burton -on-Trent Union, the Local Government District of Chelmsford, the Borough of Cheltenham, the Locah Government District of Ealing, the Boroughs of Jarrow, Maidstone, 'Newport (Monmouthshire), and Penzance, the Local Government District of jpsestwich, the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Rugby Union and Southam Union, the Local Government Districts of Swinton and Pendlebury and Torquay, and the Improvement Act District of West Hartlepool, j xliv. An Act to authorise the Cranbrook and Paddock Wood Railway Company I to divert portions of their authorised Line; and for other purposes, j Xlv. An Act for conferring further powers on the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company; and for other purposes.

J xlvi. An Act to make provision with respect to Capital fraudulently created in the Greenock Railway Guaranteed Company.

I xlvii. An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of I ^Lancaster to erect Offices for the transaction of County Business, and to make a New Road; and for other purposes.

xlviii. An Act to authorise the North British Railway Company to make a Railway and Pier and stop up a Road in the parish of Cardross, in the county of Dumbarton, to confirm certain Agreements with respect to the Railway at I Dundee, and the carrying of a Water Pipe across the Tay Bridge; and for other -^purposes.

Xlix. An Act for empowering the East London Railway Company to acquire additional Lands for conferring further Rights and Powers upon the holders of the Debenture Stocks and Preference Stocks of the Company; and forother v purposes.

1. An Act to authorise the Bromley Gas Consumers Company to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

Iff An Act to vest in the Rawmarsh Local Board the Gas, Mains, and Pipes within their district, now belonging to the Corporation of Rotherham, to enable the Local Board to supply Gas within their district, and also to supply Gas and Water within certain parts of the adjoining township of Greasbrough; and for other purposes.

378 Table of the Statutes. 42 & 43 VICT, I

lii. An Act for the Abandonment of the Works authorised by the East Cornwall I Mineral Railway Act, 1876; and for other purposes. liii. An Act to further extend the time for the completion of the Merionethshire I Railway.

P. liv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government I Board for Ireland relating to the towns of Clonmel and Dundalk, and to a I Burial Ground for the town of Clonmel, and to Waterworks in the town of fl Keady.

P. lv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade I under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Ramsgate, St, I Anne's-on the-Sea, Skegness, Strachur (Loch Fyne), Totland Bay, Westgate, 1 Whitehall (Stronsay), Cromarty, Fortrose, Lybster, Penzance, and Torquay.

P. lvi. An Act for confirming a certain Provisional Order of the Local Government 1 Board for Ireland relating to Waterworks in the Poor Law Union of Down- I patrick.

P. Ivii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government I Board for Ireland relating to the towns of Cashel, Enniscorthy, Holywood, 1 Kells, Templemore, Wicklow, and Youghal.

P. lviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education 1 Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School ] Boards for Brighton and Preston United District (Sussex), Gotherington I (Gloucester), Loughor Borough (Glamorgan), and Membury (Devon) to put j in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending > the same.

P. Iit. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department 1 under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for ] London to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the 1 Acts amending the same.

P. lx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government 1 Board for Ireland relating to the borough of Waterford and to the town of 1 Bangor.

P. Ixi. An Act to- confirm a Provisional Order made under the Public .Health 1 (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the parish of Both well in the county of j Lanark.

P. Ivii- An Act for vesting in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the city 1 and borough of Bath, the Bath Commons or Freemen's Estate, and to provide j compensation to the Free Citizens of the same city and borough for their 1 interest therein, and for empowering the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses 1 to acquire by agreement and to demise and manage Lands for a Public Park; j and for other purposes.

Iwiii. An Act for enabling the Corporation of the City.of London to appropriate I certain Lands facing the Victoria Embankment in the said City for the purpose of providing School Buildings and Accommodation for the City of London j School; for the removal of the said School to such Buildings; for the sale of ! the Lands and Buildings now occupied by the said School; and for other purposes.

Ixiv. An Act to extend the District.of the Glossop Gas Company; to enable the Company to raise additional Capital; and for other purposea lxv. An Act to provide for the removal of the remains of persons interred underneath Wellington Street United Presbyterian Church, in the City of Glasgow; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

m

Local Acts. 379

An Act to extend the time granted to the Don Drainage Commissioners re* the completion of certain Works; to authorise new Works; to confer farther Borrowing Powers; and for other purposes.

pfji An Act for conferring further powers on- the Mill wall Dock Company,

and to authorise certain agreements between them and other Dock Companies; I and for other purposes.

Iirviii* An Act for conferring further powers on the West Kent Main Sewerage | Board and its constituent authorities, and for making Amendments in the I West Kent Main Sewerage Acts; and for other purposes.

JljjX. An Act to authorise the East Norfolk Railway Company to make certain I deviations in the Line of their Aylsham Extension Railway, to extend that I Railway to the Dereham, Fakenbam, and Wells Railway of the Great Eastern I Railway Company; and for other purposes.

JljX. An Act for empowering the Imperial Continental Gas Association to I supply means of lighting other than Gas; and for other purposes, j lxxi. An Act to authorise the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and I Severn Canal Navigation to raise more Money; and for other purposes.

I jxxii. An Act to authorise the construction - of Tramways in Southwark,

I fifeptford, and other places in the counties of Surrey and Kent; and for other I -purposes.

I lmii. An Act for extending the Boundaries of the Municipal Borough of I .jk^ham; and for other purposes.

I lxxiv. An Act to authorise the Ilkley Gas Company to raise a further sum of I Money; and for other purposes.

I lxxv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Yarmouth and North Norfolk I (Light) Railway Company.

I lxxvi. An Act to incorporate the Colwyn Bay Waterworks Company, and to

I confer upon them powers to supply Water.

IP.llXVli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government

II Board under thtf provisions of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment)

L Act, 1878, relating to the Counties of Buckingham, Kent, and Worcester.

[f.lxrviii. An Act to confirm-certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government

Board relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Aysgarth Union, the ^Improvement Act District of Bethesda, the Borough of Brecknock,- the Local Government District of Croydon* the Boroughs of Derby, Doncaster, and Hastings, the Local Government Districts of Hinckley, Horsham, and Houghton-.Uo-Spring, the Borough of Middlesbrough, the Local Government I Districts of ij^forthallerton and TunstalJ, the Port of Wisbech, the Local. Government K - District of Withington, and the Borough of Yeovil.

hlXXix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of one of Her Majesty's [ -^Principal Secretaries of State for the improvement of certain unhealthy areas L ^Within the Metropolis.

°'lxxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for .the modification of a Scheme confirmed by the Mefcro-

* polis (Whitechapel and LimehoUse) Improvement ^Scheme Confirmation Act,

1876. . - mg mm

| lxxxi. An Act to confirm the Provisional Order for the regulation of certain Lands forming part of Matterdale Oommon, and situated in the parish of Grevstoke in the county of Cumberland)- and the Provisional Order for the

inclosure of certain other lands forming the remainder of the same common, and situated in the same parish, in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

Local Acts.

381

880 Table of the Statutes. 42 & 43 ]

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm the Provisional Order for the inclosure ati certain ] Lands known as Redmoor and Golberdon Commons, situate in the paaiah;^f| South Hill, in the county of Cornwall, in pursuance of a Report of the 1 Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, -

P. lxxxiii. An Act to confirm the Provisional Order for the regulation of certain j lands forming part of East Stainmore Common, and - situated in the township ] ' of East Stainmore, in the parish of Brough, in the county of Westmorland* Una 1 ' the Provisional Order for the inolosure of certain other Lands forming the ] . remainder of the same Common, and situated in the same parish, in pursuance 1 of a? report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

P. lxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government 1 Board under the provisions of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) I Act, 1878* relating to the counties OFGloucester and Hereford.)

P. lxxxrv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government 1 Board under the' provisions of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) 1 Act, 1878? relating to the Counties of Dorset, Montgomery, Northampton, I Salop, Wilts, and York (East Riding).

P. lxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Govern- ment Board relating t8 the Local Government Distinct of CasUete-W- 1 Rochdale, the District of Heywood, the Local Government, District of 1 Keighley and Littleborough, the- Improvement Act Bfistrici* of Middletoi and I Tonge, the Local Government Districts of Milnrow and Royt^-we Sitting- ] Bourne and Milton Joint Hospital District, and the Local Government Districts ] j of Wallingfen and Wuerdle and Wardle.

P. lxxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of Jtne Local Govern- ] ment Board for Ireland relating to the towns of Killarney and ParsohstcWii. lxxxvii. An Act to confer farther powers on the Aberdeen, HarbourGom* j missioners.

Ixwxix. An Act to Onable the Local Board for the Dj^tnct^M Nelpon, ii^the ] county of Lancaster, t‘o extend their Waterworks, and to, confer uppn. them | further powers with respect to the Improvement and Government of, their -District, and the raising of money; and for other purposes.,

XC. An Act for conferring powers upon the Undertakers of the Navigation of 1 , the River? of, Aire and CaLder, in the, County of York, for the better supply-of Gas to the Port and Town of Gaole and neighbourhood (thereof; and for 1 other purposes.

xci. An Act for enabling the Swindon, Marlborough, and Andoyeg Railway Company to Construct New or Deviation Lines of Railway, to abandon certain portions of their authorised Rahway; and for other purposes, xcii. An Act for authorising the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Bordugh J of Warrington, in the| Counties of Lancaster and Chester, to constructJaddi- ] tional' Gasworks, and for making better provision for the improvgaaeefcjjBd " .-government of the Borough; and for other purposes-xciii. An Act for the settlement mf Tithes in the parish of Christchurch, Newgate Street, in the1 Cliff-of London.

XCiv. An Act for enabling the Great Southern and Western Railway CompSfiy to Require additional Lands for the purposes 'Of ‘their Undertaking, to widen, j remove, aAd replace certain of their bridges, and for vesting in that Compatny j the Undertaking of the Castleisland Railway Company * and for other purposes, j XCV. An Act for embanking and reclaiming certain Waste Land on the Western j Bank of the River Fergus, in the County of Claire,

. An Act for amalgamating the Liverpool Tramways Company, and the. Liverpool Omnibus and Tramways Company, Limited, and for re-incorpoi'ating pH finder the name of the Liverpool United Tramways and Omnibus Com-pjHy; and for other purposes.

wivji. An Act for empowering the Local Board for the District of Eastbourne pjo ip airs and maintain a Seawall- or Embankment, a Street Improvement, a ^Wn Hah, and other Works, and to make further provisions for the Improvement of the said District; and for other purposes.

jeviil. An Act to extend the limits of the city of St. Alban, in the county of i Hertford; and for other purposes.

(CjX. An Act to enlarge the powers of the Stourbridge Gas Company.

,An Act to confirm an arrangement between the Earl of Dudley and the Oor-'|orition*of Dudley with reference to the Disposal of the Sewage of the town M&idley.

I An Act to alter and amend the Maryport Improvement Acts, 1866 to 1878, to ffemhorise hew Works, to extend the Powers of the Trustees; and for other purposes.

cii in Act. for the abolition of the present Leadenhall Market, for the improvement of the Site and Neighbourhood thereof, the formation of new Streets, the otolishment of a new Leadenhall Market; and for other purposes, ciii. An Act to confirm ' certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board ^elating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Abergavennf Union, the Borough of Bolton, the Local Government District of Clay Lang, the Rural Samtary District of the Clutton Union, the Darenth Valley Main Sewerage district, the Rural Sanitary District of the Great Ouseburn Union, the Borough of Halifax, the. Local Government District of Huy ton-with-RoBy, the Port of tomstoft, the Improvement Act District of Lowestoft, the Boroughs of Preston a# Saint HeLen's^ and IhejLocai Governmmit Districts of Stone and Widnes. div. An. Apt to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local .government Board relating to the Rural -Sanitary District of the Axminster Union, the Roughs ol'Liverppol and Oswestry, the Lppal Government District of Ponty-ipfidd, the; Improvement Act District of Ramsgate, find the Local GovemfHMt I |«tricts of Wellington .(Somerset) and Ystradyfodwg. lev, An Act to.confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board I; Waiting to the.LeOal Government District of Asptill, the Boroughs of JSbming-I ham and Burnley, the Improvement Act District aLj^swich, the Local I ^p^erhment District of Keighley, the Borough' of Kingston-upon-Hull, the I City Oof c Lichfield, tjae-- Improvement Act restrict of Ramsgate, the Local I jJlwernmenfc District. Of Skelton, the. Boroughs of Swansea and Southampton,

I wdtepravement Act District of Wellington (Salop), and the Local Govern^ 1] ihent Districts, of Widnes and Worthing.

cVii An Act to confirm certain Provisional Order?, made by the Local Govem-I iftent Board tinder the ^provisions Of the Poor Law Amendment Act, 186.7>

I relating to ;the Townships Of Great Barlow and Little Barlow* the. Townships I .qjjtoheadle Bulkeley and Cheadle. Moseley, and the Town of Plymouth.

CVli. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their undertaking; and for other .purposes. OViii. An Act for conferring additional powers on the Midland^ Railway Company for thO cOliStfuction of railways and other works* the acquisition of Lands, and the raising of Capital.; and for other purposes.

Oix. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Railways of the West Lancashire Railway Company; and for other purposes.

382

\Table of the Statutes. 42 & 43 yI0J

cx. An Act to provide for more intimate connexion between the Undertaking!

of the Great Northern and the Great Eastern Railway Companies.

Cxi. An Act for extending the limits within which the Weardale and ShildoJ District Waterworks Company may supply Water; for empowering tha^ J purchase the Undertaking of the Durham Water Company,to construct additional Works, and to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes, cxii. An Act for effecting an arrangement between the Neath and Brecon!

Railway Company and their Creditors; and for other purposes. nviii. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Crystal Palace District Gas . Company.

Cxiv. An Act for incorporating the Houghton-le-Spring District Gas Company, and for authorising them to supply with Gas the townships 'of Houghttm-le-| Spring, Newbottle, and East Rainton, in the county of Durham; and for other purposes.

CXV. An Act for vesting in the London and North-western Railway Company the Undertaking of the Denbigh, Ruthin, and Corwen Railway Company; and for other purposes.

cxvi. An Act to extend the Borough of Blackburn, to make further provision for its Local Government and Improvement; and for other purposes.

CXVii. An Act for empowering the London and North-western Railway Company and that Company and the Furness Railway Company jointly to construct new Railways; and for other purposes.

CXviii. An Act for authorising the construction of additional Tramways in the borough of Portsmouth, and to Cosham in the county of Southampton; and . for other purposes.

p.viv. An Act for vesting in the Local Board of Health for the District of Stratford-upon-Avon the Undertaking of the Stratford-upon-Avon Gas Company, and the Bridge called Clopton Bridge, for extending the boundaries of the Borough of Stratford-upon-Avon, and dividing the Borough into Wards, for dissolving the Local Board, and transferring their powers and property to the Corporation of the extended borough; and for other purposes. err. An Act for incorporating the Southend Waterworks.Company- and for conferring powers upon them with reference to the construction and maintenance of Works, the supply of water and otherwise; and for other purposes, ' wvi. An Act for re-incorporating and- conferring farther powers upon the Company of Proprietors of the Colchester Waterworks for the raising of Capital; and for other purposes.

Cxxii. An Act to authorise the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Glasgow to construct additional Tramways in the City of Glasgow and its neighbourhood; and for other purposes.

CXXiii. An Act to confer further powers on the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and j Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Glasgow for Municipal and Police purposes.:$

cxxiv. An Act for effecting the sale and transfer to the Wombwell Local Board of - the Undertaking of the Wombwell and Darfield Gas Company, Limited! j and for other purposes, cxxv. An Act to authorise the construction*®! a new Road,-Bridges, Approach^ and Works in or near the City of Norwich,'; to provide for. the better care 8i>d -^management of closed Burial Grounds in the city; to extend the power® : the' Corporation in relation to the Health and Local Government of the W' j and for other purposes.

cxxvi. An Act for making a railway in the county, of Kent, to be called Hundred of Hoo Railway; and for other purposes.

j J879. Local Acts. 383

] cxxvii. An Act to incorporate the Great Grimsby Street Tramways Company; '' to authorise them to construct Tramways in the parishes of Great Grimsby and Clee, in the county of Lincoln; and for other purposes.

I cxxviii. An Act for authorising the construction of the Church Fenton, Oawood, and Wistow Railway; and for other purposes, j cxxix. An Act to confer further Powers on the Great Northern Railway Company and the Cheshire Lines Committee.

CXXX. An Act to amend the Birmingham (Corporation) Gas Act, 1876, with H^espect to charges for Gas at Northfield and Yardley, in the county of Worcester;

and for other purposes, cxxxi. An Act to authorise the Whitehaven Union Rural Sanitary Authority to Hjbousbruch Waterworks for the supply of Water to the Special Drainage District MEf Arlecdon and Frizington within their District; and for other purposes.

pywii. An Act to amend and consolidate the Acte relating to the Municipality r .'and Police and Roads and Streets of the City of Edinburgh; and for other Hpirposes.

cxxxiii. An Act to provide for the transfer to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Cardiff of the Cardiff Waterworks; and for other ^purposes.

cxxxiv. An Act for the granting of further powers to the South Shields Gas . "^Company.

cxxxv. An Act to enable the Preston Gas Company to extend their limits of i/f^supply, to raise further capital; and for other purposes.

CXXXVI. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancaster Gas Company, cxxxvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Morecambe ,-Gas and Light Company.

cxxxviii. An Act to enable the Mirfield Gas Company to extend their limits J^Tof supply and powers of lighting; to raise further capital; and for other Kpurposes.

cxxxix. An Act 'to empower the Taff Yale Railway Company to make a New -^Railway and other Works, and to acquire additional Lands in the County of ^'Glamorgan, and to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

Cxi. An Act for enabling the Ayr Harbour Trustees to construct a Slip Dock and .Mother Works, to acquire additional Lands, and to borrow additional Money;

: . for sanctioning the Wet Dock constructed by them; for defining the limits of the Harbour; and for other purposes.

CXli. An Act for conferring powers on the Wisbech Gaslight and Coke Company CXlii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North-western.

Railway Company in; connexion with their own Undertaking, and upon that ' Company jointly with the Great Western, the Lancashire and Yorkshire, and ,the Furness Railway Companies respectively, in connexion with their joint Ukdertakings; for the dissolution of the Buckinghamshire, the Bedford, the ^Chester and Holyhead, the Lancaster and Carlisle, and the Kendal and Windermere Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

OTliii. An Act for enlarging the powers of the Plymouth and Stonehouse Gaslight and Coke Company; and for other purposes.

CXliv. An Act ^to enable the Monmouthshire Railway and Canal Company to close a portion* of the Monmouthshire Canal in the Borough of Newport; and for other purposes.

CXlv. An Act to amalgamate the Glasgow, Bothwell, Hamilton, and Coatbridge Railway with the North British Railway Company; and for other purposes.

of the Statutes. 42 & 43 yj(J

cxlvi. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Furness Railway Company for the construction of Works, the acquisition of Lands, and otherwise in relation to their Undertaking; for authorising them and the Midland Railway Company to execute Works; for empowering the Furness Railway Company to subscribe towards the Capital of the Cleator and Workington Junction Railway Company, for transferring to the Furness Railway Company a portion! of certain Light Duties of the Commissioners and Trustees of the Port of I Lancaster; and for other purposes, cxlvii. An Act to extend the Time for the Completion of certain Railways and | Works.

cxlviii. An Act to authorise the Bridport Railway Company to make a new railway; and for other purposes, cxlix. An Act for amending the Acts relating to the British Fisheries Society; | for vesting in Trustees Pulteney Harbour, and improving and maintaining the same; and for other purposes, cl. An Act for authorising the Great Eastern Railway Company to execute additional Works, and for conferring on them further Powers in relation to their Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; for amending their Acts in various particulars; and for other purposes, cli. An Act for conferring further powers on the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company and on other Companies in connexion with that Company, and on the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies Committee; and for other purposes. nlii. An Act to confer further powers on the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas Company. ' JtiW

cliii. An Act to confer upon the South-eastern Railway Company further Powers with reference to their own Undertakings and those of other Companies; and for other purposes, cliv. An Act to authorise the -construction of a Marine Drive, Promenade, and Sea Defences, and of Carriage Roads and a Tramway in the Parishes of Walton-le*Soken and Frinton, in the county of Essex; and for other purposes. Civ. An Act to give to the North British Railway Company a joint interest with the Caledonian Railway Company in the Dundee and Arbroath Railway and part of the Arbroath and Forfar Railway; and for other purposes, clvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Queenstown Gas Company.

P. clvii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Sharpness New Docks and Gloucester and Birmingham Navigation Company.for the raising of Capital, for the Consolidation of Debenture Stock; and for other purposes.

P. clviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government B6&d under the provisions of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, relating to the Borough of Derby. , .; , , r , % . "XaMB

P. clix. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Waterworks Facilities Act, 1870, relating*0 Cleethorpes Gas, Dorchester Gas, Dronfield Gas, Eckington Gas, Enfield w .Havant Gas, LongridgeGas, NorthfleetGas, Wantage Gas, Wellingborough Dorking Water, Herts and Essex Water, Maidstone Water, Margate W#*® Mexbrough and District Water, Oystermouth Water, Rhyl District $1||| Saint Alban's Water, Shoreham and District Water, Stourbridge Water, Tin1® District Water", Aldershot Gas and Water, Ventnor Gas and Water, and Ysk® Gas and Water. — c

P. clX. An Act to provide for the user and regulation of certain Lands * Wormwood Scrubs.

p, clxi. An Act to regulate the Sittings of the Quarter Sessions Court of the feBorough of Cork.

f, clxii. An Act to confirm the Provisional Order for the inclosure of certain Lands h known as Whittington Marshes and Whittington Hurst, situate in the parish if.,1' of Whittington, in the county of Stafford, in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, c? clxiii. An Act to provide for the Amalgamation of the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal Company and the Severn Bridge Railway Company.

Clxiv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Belfast Central Railway Com-gb pany, and to make further provision for regulating their affairs, clxv. An Act to authorise the construction of Tramways in the Borough of le: Cambridge; and for other purposes.

olxvi. An Act for authorising the construction of Railways in the county of Glamorgan, to be called " The Treferig Valley Railway "; and for other B purposes.

clxvii. An Act to amend the Upper Mersey Navigation Act, 1876. clxviii. An Act .to amend the Dublin (South! City Market Act, 1876, to enable

l., : the Company to construct new Streets; and for other purposes, clxix. An Act to authorise the East and West India Dock Company to acquire £! additional Lands, raise further Capital, and for other purposes, clxx. An Act to give further Powers to the Dublin Port and Docks Board. Clxxi. An Act to enable the Croesor and Portmadoc Railway Company to I-;, make and maintain a new Branch Line of Railway, to change their name; and l> : for other purposes.

Clxxii. An Act to confer further Powers on the Belfast Water Commissioners;

and for other purposes.

Clxxiii. An Act for authorising the sale and transfer of the Undertaking of Ajthe SeyenoakS) Maidstone, and Tunbridge Railway Company to the London, L Chatham, and Dover Railway Company; and for other purposes. x clxxiv. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Ballymena and Larne j^JRailway Company.

clxxv. An Act for the incorporation of the Coleraine Harbour' Commissioners; v. for vesting in them the powers of the Coleraine Town Commissioners with I. respect to the Navigation of the River Bann under the River Bann Navi-j gation Act, 1863; for the repeal of the said Act; for the Improvement of the said Navigation; and for other purposes.

Clxxvi. An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in the City of London; and , for other purposes.

clxxvii. An Act to authorise the Felixstowe Railway and Pier Company to V ' abandon the Works authorised by their Act of 1876, and to* construct and ^Tphaitttain other Works in lieu thereof; to change the name of the Company;

and for other purposes.

clxxviii. An Act for authorising the Company of Proprietors of the Grand ,r Junction Canal to make a Branch Canal to Slough; and for other purposes. clxxix. An Act for making a Railway from the Finn Valley Railway near the Town of Stranorlar, in the county of Donegal, to the Town of Donegal, in the same county; and for other purposes.

ftlrTT. An Act to further extend the time' for the Purchase of Lands, and for ? the Construction of the Works authorised by the Medway Docks Act, 1866. clxxxi. A-n Act for extending the Periods allowed to the Caledonian Railway Company by former Acts for the acquisition of certain Lands and the completion of certain Works, for abandoning certain of their authorised Works, for enabling them to appoint members of the Joint Committee for the manage-[JVo. 25. Price 2d] B b

Table of the Statutes. 42 & 43 Tier,

Local'Acts.

387

menfc of certain portions of the undertaking of the Portpatrick' Railway Company, for confirming an Agreement between them and other parties ‘as to certain Lands and Streets at Dundee; and for other purposes, clxxxii. An Act to grant further powers to the Great Northern Railway 0ot$ I pany (Ireland) with respect to their own Undertaking, and to enable them to purchase the Dublin and Antrim Junction, and the Newry and Armagh Railways.

clxxxiii. An Act to enable the Alliance and Dublin Consumers Gas Company tc& construct Tramways for the purposes of their Undertaking; and for other purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act to empower the Corporation of London to improve the Surrey I Side Approaches to London Bridge, clxxxv. An Act to extend the limits of the Town and Urban Sanitary District of Whitehaven; and for-other purposes, clxxxvi. An Act for empowering the Birkenhead Tramways CompAnykcori-struct new Tramways and to' purchase the Tramways of the Hoylake and Birkenhead Rail and Tramway Company; and for other purposes. clxxxvii. An Act to authorise the Cork and Bandon Railway Compah^tour-chase the undertakings of the Cork and Kinsale Junction Railway Company and of the West Cork Railway Company, and to acquire certain rights belonging to the Hen Valley Railway Company; and for other purposes. clxxxviii. An Act for authorising the construction of a Railway from the Ely and Lynn Branch of' tttS Great Eastern Railway to Stoke Ferry; -and ftk other v .. purposes.

clxxxix. An Act to authorise the London Street Tramways Company To construct additional Tramways, to raise further Money; and for other purposes. CXC. An Act for empowering the Manchester Suburban Tramways'Company to Construct further Tramways in the neighbourhood of Manchester;' and for otffer pufftoMs'.

CXCI. An Act to extend the Borough of Rotherham, and to confer powers upon the Corporation of that Borough for purchasing Lands and construt|^lorks for the disposal of Sewage, also powers in relation to Markets, Mid affectiiig 'A the Sanitary Condition and Local Government of the Borough; andjorother M purposes.

CXCiL An Act for incorporating, tbq Saint Helens and District Trainyy^ Company, and, for empowering, them to: construc^Tramways in the Borough and I District.of Saint Helens, in the County of Lancaster; and for pthdr purposes. 1

P. cxciii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders .maje ISythe Boar® j of Trade, under the Tramways, Act, 187Q, relating to Bristol'Tramways'lEr- I tensions), Briton Ferry and Swansea Tramways, Burnley an<l District Tra®‘ I ways, Chesterfield, Brampton, and Whittington Tramways, Crewe and District 1 . Tramways, Derby Tramways, Dewsbury,-,Batley, and Birstal, Tramwrf^J I tension), Ipswich Tramways, Leamington .and Warwick Tramwa^'J^p®® I Corporation. Tramways, Newcastle-upon-lryne, Tramways, North London I burhan Tramways, Oxford Tramways*. .Staffordshire Tkamways, ‘ Sfoke-hipo®' I Trent, Fenton, Longton, aria District. Tramways, Sunderland Coiporati®11

Tramways, . Sunderland- Tramyays (Extension), Swansea Tramways (Ext®' 1 ' sion), Tynemouth and District Tramways, Wigan Tramways, York Tramway®' 1 and for empowering the Board of Trade tq g^ant'licenses fqr the usp for Ii®^\ ! periods, by way of experiment, of steam or any mechanical .power up0® ft tramways in certain cases.

P. CXCIV. An Act to,.amend the forest Act, 1877. ..;

Ljgy, An Act for incorporation of the Freiston Shore Reclamation Company, I and' for authorising them to reclaim certain Lands in the Estuary of the I ij^Tash; and for other purposes.

j ,gcvi. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Poor's Allotment Lands situated I jntbe parish of Tring and county of Hertford to sell .or exchange the same; I and for other purposes.

I cxcvii. An Act for making Tramways in the county of Surrey, to he called I "The South London Tramways"; and for other purposes.

I cxcviii. An Act to amend the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts Bpinending the same, so far as relates to the protection of the Metropolis from

.Floods and Inundations caused by the overflow of the River Thames; and for ft other purposes.

I exeix. An Act to extend the borough of Blackpool, and to enable the Mayor, HBpfermen, and Burgesses thereof to make new Streets, Street Improvements, I and .other Works, to extend the Limits of Gas Supply, and to make further HRovision for the Improvement and Government of the borough; and for other Kymrposes.

CCt An Act to confer further powers on the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses I of the Borough of Leicester.

I cci. An Act to authorise the Metropolitan and Metropolitan District Railway I- Companies to make certain Railways for completing the Inner Circle and con-I necting their Railways with the East London Railway, also a new Street and ^«tain Street Improvements, and to confer various powers upon the.Corpora-V tion^of Londonj the Metropolitan Board of Works, and other Public Bodies in Inference to the undertaking; and for other purposes.

I CCii. An Act for extending the Borough of Over Darwen and for the Improve-I ment of the said Borough; and for other purposes.

I cciii. An Act to confer farther powers on the Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway EOompany; and for other purposes, j

CCiv. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of therBorough of Nottingham to purchase BuIw^ilJFprest for, .the jmrposqs, of a ^pubfic park and Ugmetery, to construct additipnal Gasworks, to acquire the undertaking of, I the Nottingham Waterworks Company,; and for'other purposes.

ICCV. An Act far authorisipg, the Ivfortli Staffordshire Railway .Company to oon-l^sjtruct certain Pail^;ays,;and Works for the, improvement,..of their'system in I;, ‘trie counties'of Stafford ' and Chester, to abandon portions of certain Railways, [i^kappomt Railway Company, to amend the Company's

W -^-cts jfith irespect-ta and Charges, to provide for the establishment of fAHotels; and lor, other purposes.: .;

CCVI. An Act to provide for the vesting of the Undertaking of the East Indian j,Railway Company in the Secretary of State in Coimcil.of India; and for other purposes.

An Act to authbfiSe the instruction of Street Tramways in Brentford and BEfeworth, ih the county of Middlesex; and for other purposes.

OCviii. An Act for" appointing Commissjonem and vesting in them certain lands ii the parish of Llandisikb/a6d enabling' them to form a PubliG Recreation B%onnd and

Ccix. An Act to enable the Girvan and Portpatrick Junction Railway Company to borrow further Money grfand for Othe^plifgos'Ps.- M Ccx. An Act to authorise the construction of a Railway in the county of Antrim, Knoin Ballymena to Portglenone: and for pther purposes.

COxi. An Act to authorise the , instruction of Tramways in or near Ramsgate, Margate; and other places in the efitthty of Kent; and Tor other purposes.,.;

Bb 2

388 Table tof the Statutes. 42 & 43

ccxii. An Act to empower the Banbury and Cheltenham Direct Railway (w pany to raise further Money; and for other purposes, ccxiii. An Act to make farther provision for the Lighting of the Borough of Liverpool, and to extend the Powers of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses t>f the Borough itt relation to the supply of Light by Electricity; and for other purposes.

ccxiv. An Act for making a Railway from the South Alloa Branch 6f the

- Caledonian Railway to Alloa; and for Other purposes.

CCXV. An Act to extend the powers of the Corporation of the Borough of Derby in the county of Derby, with respect to the Local Government and Xtoprove-ment of the Borough, to enable the Corporation to acquire the Derby Waterworks Company's Undertaking; and for other purposes, ccxvi. An Act !to confer farther powers on the Halesowen Bailwfty Company;

And for other purposes, ccxvii. An Act for incorporating the Knutsford Light and Water Company;

and for other purposes, ccxviii. An Act to revive and extend the powers of the Ardmillan Reclamation Company for the compulsory purchase of Lands and completion of Works; and for other purposes.

P. ccxix. An Act to authorise the sale of a strip of land adjoining the Knights-‘ bridge Barracks to the Metropolitan Board of Works for the Improvement of the Kfiightsbridge Road, to transfer the management of a piece of Crown land at Hampton Court from the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works, and vest the management of Land left vacant on the reconstruction and improvement of Gloucester Gate Bridge, Regent's Park, in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods.

P. CCXX. An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, with the assent of Her Majesty's Treasury,: to vary the Trusts Of the Mungret Agricultural School and Model Farm in the county of Limerick.

P. ccxxi. An Act to make provision in regard to the Restoration of the indent Church of St; Giles, ift'the City of Edinburgh.

P. ccxxii. An Act to grant forther time for proceeding with the execution of Works for improving the Navigation of the Lough and River Erne.

CCXXiii. An Act to authorise the making and maintaining of the Easton Notion Mineral and Toweester, Roade, and Olney junction Railway; and fot other; 15 .purposes, ;

ccxxiv. An Act for making a Railway from the Enniskillen and Bundoran Railway at or near the Castlecaldwell station to the town of Donegal, fe> h® -called The Fermanagh and Donegal Railway," and other works; and w1 j other "purposes, , " .' ]

ccxxv. An Act to authorise the Construction, of Tramways for connecting Towns of Blackburn and Over Darwen; and for other purpose

PUITATD ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES SLAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE' 1

AN Act to confirtn Certain conveyances made by the Trustees of the j

William Ryder Richardson, deceased, and to give further P°''perSitier I enabling the Appropriation and Sale of Land for Building Sites; and. for | purpose#? , |

1 \0. Pri/vato Acts, 389

I ji An -Ant to authorise the feuing of parts of the Lands of Tayfield Northfield, and others in the parish of Forgan, or Saint Phyllans, and county of Fife.

L An Act to make provision with respect to the Shares of Thomas Roper, I deceased, in the capital and business of the firm of Harrison, Ainslie, and I Company.

L An Act to authorise the sale of the Estate of Stuckgown, in the county of Smbarton, and to provide for the application of the price thereof, j, An Act to charge certain Moneys on the interests ' of Jessie Edwards, Anna JJorothea Edwards, Eyre Evans Edwards, and Mary Eliza Edwards, Infants, iafa Moiety of certain Estates in the counties of Limerick, Dublin, and Queen, and the city of Dublin in Ireland; and for other purposes. f, An Act to authorise the granting of Building and Improvement leases of the Estates devised by the Will of Sir Isaac Lyon Goldsmid, Baronet; and for otoer purposes.

I, An Act for giving effect, to a compromise of certain opposing claims affecting, thff Estates of William Sydney Earl of Leitrim, deceased, in the counties | of Leitrim, Donegal, Galway, and Kildare, in Ireland.

I An Act for enlarging the leasing powers relating to the Estates annexed to the ffeldom of Arundel, and for effecting an exchange of parts of the same Estates,

, and for authorising Exchanges and Sales of other parts of the Same Estates; and for other purposes.

Classified List of the Local and Private Acts. [42 & 43 Vicp,

Class 18. — Provisional Orders Confirmation — continued.

District of Skelton, the Boroughs of Swansea and Southampton, the Improvement Act District of Wellington (Salop), and the Local Government Districts of Widnes and Worthing. Ch, cv.

(8.) Under Local Government (Ireland) and Public Health (Ireland) Acts:

Orders of Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the towns of Clonmel and Dundalk, and to a Burial Ground for the town of Clonmel, and to Waterworks in the town of Keady. Ch. liv.

Order relating to Waterworks in the Poor Law Union of Downpatrick. Ch. lvi. Orders relating to the towns of Cashel, Enniscorthy, Holywood, Kells, Templemore, Wicklow, and Youghal. Ch. lvii.

Orders relating to the Borough of Waterford and to the Town of Bangor. Ch. lx. Orders relating to the towns of Killarney and Parsonstown. Ch. lxxxvii.

(9.) Under the Public Health (Scotland) and General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Acts:

, Order under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burgh of Paisley. Ch. iii.

Order under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burgh of Inverness. Ch. iv.

Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the Burgh of Castle Douglas. Ch. xlii.

Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the Parish of Both-well (Lanark). Ch. lxi.

(10.) Under Sea Fisheries Act:

Order of the Board of Trade relating to Tollesbury and Mersey, in the River Black-water (Essex). Ch. i.

(11.) Under Tramways Act:

Orders of the Board of Trade relating to Bristol Tramways (Extensions), Briton Ferry and Swansea Tramways, Burnley and District Tramways, Chesterfield, Brampton, and Whittington Tramways, Crewe and District Tramways, Derby Tramways, Dewsbury, Batley, and Birstal Tramways (Extension), Ipswich Tramways, Leamington and Warwick Tramways, Liverpool Corporation Tramways, Newcastle-upon-Tyne Tramways, North London Suburban Tramways, Oxford 'Tramways, Staffordshire Tramways, Stoke-upon-Trent, Fenton, Longton, and District Tramways, Sunderland Corporation Tramways, Sunderland Tramways (Extension), Swansea Tramways (Extension), Tynemouth and District Tramways, Wigan Tramways, York Tramways; &c., &c. Ch. cxciii.

TABLES

SHOWING

THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION.

TaBLE A. — Acts of 42 & 43 Vict. (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on former Acts.

Table 13. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 42 & 43 Vict.

! Acts of 42 & 43 Vict. (in order of Chapter), showing1 their effect on

former Acts.

I 1. Spring Assizes [E.]

Applies 39 & 40 Vict. c. 57. and 40 & 41 Vict. c. 46., Winter Assises Acts, 1876 and 1877. Provides for execution of sentences of death, notwithstanding provisions of 28 & 29 Vict.

c. 126. and 40 & 41 Vict. c. 21., Prisons Acts, 1865 and 1877.

Applies 31 & 32 Vict. c. 24., Capital Punishment Act, 1868, as to Inquests by Coroner.

, 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 71; Assizes Act, 1833.

I 2. Consolidated Fund (4,250,0001.) [U.K.]

I 3. Exchequer Bonds (4,250,0001.) [U.K.]

Applies 29 & 30 Vict. c. 25., Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866.

i Mutiny Act (Temporary) Continuance [U.K.]

Continues (for Three Months) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 10., Mutiny Act, 1878.

5. Marine Mutiny Act (Temporary) Continuance [U.K.]

Continues (for Three Months) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 11., Marine Mutiny Act, 1878.

6. District Auditors [E.]

Repeals s. 46. in part of 4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76., ~]

, s. 32. in part of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 101., (Poor,Law Amendment Acts, 1834, 1844, , s. 8. of 12 & 13 Vict. c. 103., f 1849, and 1868.

, s. 24. of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 122. J , ss. 36., 37. of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 6., Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867.

, s. 60. in part of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75., Elementary Education Act, 1870.

, s. 247. in part of 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1855.

, s. 9. in part of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77., Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878.

Applies 23 & 24 Vict. c. 51., and 40 & 41 Vict. c. 66., Local Taxation Returns Acts, 1860 and 1877.

, 4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76., Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834.

7. Consolidated Fund (372,4381. Is. 2d. and 8,494, 1951.) [U.KJ

6. Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Army) [U.K.]

Provides for Registration of Births, Deaths, &c. out of United Kingdom among Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Forces.

9. Friendly Societies Act Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 60., Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

Construes Act with Acts of 1875 and 1876.

Assessed Rates [E.] _ .

Amends 32 & 33 Vict. c. 41., Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869.

400 Wect of Legislation. [42 & 43 Vipr

Table A. — Acts of 42 & 43 Vict. (in order of Chapter), 8cc. — continued.

Ch.

11. Bankers' Books Evidence [U.K.]

Repeals 39 & 40 Vict. c. 48., Bankers' Books Evidence Act, 1876, and makes new provision in lieu thereof.

12. Poor Law Amendment [E.]

Amends 39 & 40 Vict. c. 61. (Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876), as to moneys to which a pauper or pauper lunatic may be, entitled as member of friendly or benefit society.

13. Petty Customs (Scotland) Abolition Act Amendment [S.]

Repeals proviso to section 4. of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 42.

14. Consolidated Fund (6,694,8161.) [U.K.]

16. Public Health (Scotland) Act Amendment [S.]

Amends 30 & 31 Vict. c. 101., Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867-

16. "West India Loan [U.K.]

Provides for winding up of the West Indian Relief Commission, and Transfer of Powers to Public Works Loan Commissioners.

Repeals 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 125.,~)

, 3 & 4 Vict. c. 40., I

" 8 & 9 Vict. c. 50.' fWest Ind,a Loan Acts>

, 11 & 12 Vict. c. 38. [

, 19 & 20 Vict. c. 35., j

, 5 & 6 Will. 4. e. 51., I

, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 57., > Dominica Loan Acts.

, 30 & 31 Vict. e. 91., J

17. House of Commons Costs Taxation [U.K.]

Amends 10 & 11 Vict. c. 69., and extends provisions thereof to Provisional Orders, &c.

18. Racecourses Licensing [E.]

Provides for Licensing of Horse-races within ten miles of London.

19. Habitual Drunkards [U.K.]

Provides for establishment of " Retreats " for Habitual Drunkards.

Applies, as regards England, 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43., Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

, , Scotland, 27 & 28 Vict. c. 53., Summary Procedure Act, 1864.

, , , 20 Geo. 2. c. 43., Heritable Jurisdiction.

, , Ireland, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93., Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851.

, , , 40 & 41 Vict. c. 56., County Officers and Courts (Ireland)

Act, 1877.

20. Consolidated Fund (6,567,0231.) [U.K.]

21. Customs and Inland Revenue [U.K.]

Customs

Continues Duties on Tea.

Amends 39 & 40 Vict. c. 35. (Customs Tariff), as to Duties on Cocoa-paste or Chocolate.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 15., as to Duties on Segars.

Amends, and in part repeals, 39 & 40 Vict. c. 36., Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

Taxes: —

Grants Duties of Income Tax; and applies provisions of former Acts.

Provisions as to Inhabited House Duties.

Provisions as to United Parishes in respect of Land Tax under 19 & 20 Vict. c. 80. Provisions as to collection of Income Tax, Land Tax, and Inhabited House Duties.

Excise: —

Applies 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. (Summary Jurisdiction Act), and 28 & 29 Vict. c. 127* (Small Penalties Act), in proceedings for penalties in relation to Dogs.

Amends sections 2 and of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 93., as to use of Oil in Tobacco.

22. Prosecution of Offences [E.]

Provides for Establishment of Office of Director of Public Prosecutions.

Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 42 & 43 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

401

$ Hares Preservation (Ireland) [I.]

> Provides for close time for Hares.

Applies 14 & 15 Vict. c. 90., Fines Act (Ireland), 1851.

jg. Statute Law Revision (Ireland) [I.]

Repeals (with Savings) the Enactments described in the Schedule. [These Enactments will be found in their Chronological Order in Table B. — Seepage 414 et seq.]

1#. Dispensary Houses (Ireland) [I.]

Applies Improvement of Landed Property (Ireland) Acts; viz., 10 & 11 Vict. c. 32., 12 & 13 Vict. c. 59., 13 & 14 Vict. c. 31., 15 & 16 Vict. c. 34., 23 & 24 Vict. c. 19., 24 & 25 Vict. c. 71., 29 & 30 Vict. c. 40., 38 & 39 Vict. c. 82., and 40 & 41 Vict. c. 27. Applies Medical Charities (Ireland) Acts (14 & 15 Vict. c. 68., &c.)

, Lands Clauses Acts, 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 106.

26. Salmon Fishery Law Amendment [E.]

Amends Law with reference to close time for fixed engines, notwithstanding Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1876 (24 & 25 Vict. c. 109., 28 & 29 Vict. c. 121., 36 & 37 Vict. c. 7L, and 39 & 40 Vict. c. 19.)

27. Convention op Royal Burghs (Scotland) [S.]

Provides for admission to the Convention of Royal Burghs of Parliamentary Burghs named in the Schedule.

28. Convention (Ireland) Act Repeal [I.]

Repeals (with Saving) 33 Geo. 3. c. 29. (I.), with respect to unlawful Assemblies.

29. Confirmation of Marriages on H.M. Ships [U.K.J

Removes doubts as to validity of certain Marriages on board Her Majesty's Ships.

30. Sale op Food and Drugs Act Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 63., Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875.

31. Public Health Act Amendment (Interments) [E.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55. (Public Health Act, 1875), and extends its provisions to Cemeteries.

Incorporates 10 & 11 Vict. c. 65., Cemeteries Clauses Act, 1847.

32. Army Discipline and Regulation (Commencement) [U.K.]

Defines Army Mutiny and Marine Mutiny Acts, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 10. and 41 & 42 Vict,

c. 11.

Provides for Commencement and Duration of Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 33.

Construes certain Acts referring to Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Repeals all Enactments inconsistent with provisions of Army Discipline and Regulation Act, 1879.

"3. Army Discipline and Regulation [U.K.]

Division of Act into Five Parts; viz. — I. Discipline; II. Enlistment; III. Billetting, &e.;

IV. General Provisions; V. Application of Military Law, &c.

Applies 26 & 27 Vict. c. 57., Regimental Debts Act, 1863.

, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 109., Naval Discipline Act, 1866.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 97., s. ,72., I

Lunatic Asylums.

, 20 & 21 Vict. c. 71., s. 85.,

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 118., s. 10.,.

, 28 & 29 Vict. c. 126., Prisons Act, 1865.

, 40 & 41 Vict. cc. 21., 49., Prisons Acts, 1877.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 110., Reserve Forces Act, 1867.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 111., Militia Reserve Act, 1867.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43., Summary Jurisdiction.

* 27 & 28 Vict. c. 53., Summary Procedure (Scotland).

" 14 & 15 Vict. c. 90., Fines (Ireland) Act, 1851.

" 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93., Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851.

Suspends 3 Car. 1. c. 1., 31 Car. 2. c. 1., and 6 Anne (I.) c. 14., as to Billetting.

402

Effect of Legislation. 4,2

Table A. — Acts of 42 & 43 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

&43YIOt

Ch.

34. Children's Dangerous Performances [U.K.]

Applies 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43., Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

, 27 & 28 Vict. c. 53., Summary Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1864.

, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93., Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851.

35. Public Loans Remission [U.K.]

Extinguishes Debts due in respect of Loans mentioned in the Schedule.

36. Customs Buildings [U.K.]

Applies 15 & 16 Vict. c. 28., Works and Public Buildings.

, 8 & 9 Vict. cc. 18., 19., Lands Clauses Acts, 1845.

Continues in force certain parts of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 107. and 39 & 40 Vict. c. 36., Cus. toms Consolidation Acts, 1853 and 1876.

37. Commons [E.J

Amends 39 & 40 Vict. c. 56., Commons Act, 187 6.

38. Slave Trade (East African Courts) [U.K.]

Amends 36 & 37 Vict. c. 59., Slave Trade (East African Courts) Act/1873.

39. Highway Accounts Returns [E.]

Repeals s. 45. (in part) of 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50., ]

, 12 & 13 Vict. c. 35., > Highway Acts, 1835, 1849, and 1862.

, s. 27-29 of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 61., J

Applies 23 & 24 Vict. c. 51-> jLocal Taxation Returns Acts, 1860 and 1877.

40. Conveyancing (Scotland) Act Amendment [S.]

Amends 37 & 38 Vict. c. 94., Conveyancing (Scotland) Act, 1874.

Construes Act with 19 & 20 Vict. c. 79., Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856.

Provision as to repeal of s. 118. of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 79., by section 55 of 37 85 38 Vict. c. 94.

41. Indian Guaranteed Railways [U.K.]

Enables certain Railway Companies in India to enter into Working Agreements with the Government of India.

42. Valuation of Lands (Scotland) [S.]

Amends 17 & 18 Vict. c. 91.,)

, 20 & 21 Vict. c. 58., Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts, 1854, 1857, and 1867.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 80., J

Applies 28 & 29 Vict. c. 38., Commissioners of Supply Meetings (Scotland) Act, 1865.

43. East Indian Railway (Redemption of Annuities) [U.K.]

Enables Secretary of State for India to create and issue Stock for purposes of East'Indian Railway Purchase Act, 42 & 43 Vict. c. cevi. ' __

44. Lord Clerk Register (Scotland) [S.J

Repeals s. 26. of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 64., Land Registers (Scotland)'Act, 1868.

Applies 22 Vict. c. 26., Superannuation Act, 1859.

45. Indian Advance [U.K.]

Authorises advance of 2,000,0002. out of Consolidated Fund to Government of India. Applies 38 & 39 Vict. c. 45., Sinking Fund Act, 1875.

46. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance [E.J

Repeals and continues certain Local Acts as set forth in Schedule.

47. Petroleum [U.K.]

Amends and continues 34 & 35 Vict. c. 105., Petroleum'Act, 1871.

48. Elementary Education (Industrial Schools) [E.J

Recites 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75., J

, 36 & 37 Vict. c. 86., I Elementary Education Acts, 1870, 1873, and 1876.

, 39 & 40 Vict. c. 79., J

T> 35 & 36 Vict" c' 21^'* 1 Reformatory and Industrial Schools Acts, 1866 and 187^ Removes doubts as to powers of School Boards in relation to Industrial Schools.

Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 42 & 43 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

403

I Summary Jurisdiction [E.]

1 Repeals 10 & 11 Vict. c. 82., Juvenile Offenders.

fig> S5., in part of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43., Summary Jurisdiction.

" 13 & 14 Vict. c. 37 Summary Jurisdiction (Larceny).

, part of 18 & 19 Vict. c. 126.,* Administration of Criminal Justice.

27 8c 28 Vict. c. 80., Administration of Criminal Justice (Cinque Ports).

, 27 8c 28 Vict. c. 110.,* Mitigation of Penalties.

, 28 & 29 Vict. c. 127., Small Penalties.

, s. 2. of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 116.,* Larceny and Embezzlement.

, s. 13. of 34 & 35 Vict. c. 78.,* Regulation of Railways.

* So far as relates to England.

Applies 11 & 12 Vict. c. 42., Indictable Offences Act, 1848.

, 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43., Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

, 20 & 21 Vict. c. 43., Summary Proceedings before Justices.

, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 62., Debtors Act, 1869.

. . , 38 & 39 Vict. c. 77., Judicature Act, 1875.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 90., Employers and Workmen Act, 1875.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 43., Justices Clerks Act, 1877-

50. Bills op Sale (Ireland) [I.J

Repeals 17 & 18 Vict. c. 55., Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1854.

Applies 40 & 41 Vict. c. 57., Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877.

51. Appropriation [U.K.]

Authorises issue out of Consolidated Fund of 34,986,621?., and appropriation of the same.

152. Land Tax Commissioners' Names [E.J

Appoints additional Commissioners for carrying into execution 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 75., and subsequent Acts.

I 53. Municipal Elections (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 40., (Municipal Elections Act, 1875,) and extends it to all boroughs * in Ireland in which 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108. (Municipal Corporations, Ireland) is in force. Amends 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108., Municipal Corporations (Ireland).

I 51. Poor Law [E.]

Amends 4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76., Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834.

, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 105., Poor Law Amendment Act, 1861.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 106., Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867.

, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 45., Union Loans Act, 1869.

, 39 & 40 Vict. c. 61., Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876.

Applies 18 & 19 Vict. c. 121., Nuisances Removal Act, 1855.

Provides for certain extra-parochial Places under 20 Vict. c. 19.

55. Prevention of Crime [U.K.]

Repeals s. 2. of 27 & 28 Vict. c. 47., Penal Servitude Act, 1864.

Amends 34 & 35 Vict. c. 112, Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871.

55- Regulation of Railways Acts Continuance [U.K.]

Continues 36 & 37 Vict. c. 48. and 37 & 38 Vict. c. 40. (Regulation of Railways Acts, 1873 and 1874) until 31st December 1882.

5/. Public Health (Ireland) Act Amendment [I.]

Amends 41 & 42 Vict. c.' 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

Applies 19 & 20 Vict. c. 98., Burial Grounds (Ireland) Act, 1856.

58. Public Offices Fees [U.K.]

Repeals 29 & 30 Vict. c. 76., Public Offices (Fees) Act, 1866.

°9. Civil Procedure Acts Repeal [U.K.]

Repeals (with Savings) the Enactments described in the Schedule. [These Enactments will be found in their Chronological Order in Table B. — See page 410, et seg.]

50. East India Loan (5,000,000?.) [U.K.] T

Repeals part of Section 16 of 40 & 41 Vict. c. 51., East India Loans.

Extends 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 64. as to Stamp Duties.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 93., Married Women's Property Act, 1870.

" C C 2

Effect of Legislation. 42 & 43

Table A. — Acts of 42 & 43 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

61. East Indian Loan (Annuities) [U.K.]

Makes provision for raising 2,000,000l. for purposes of 42 & 43 Vict. c. 45., Indian Adi Act, 1879.

62. Exchequer Bills and Bonds [U.K.]

Applies 29 & 30 Vict. c. 25. and 40 & 41 Vict. c. 2., Exchequer Bills and Bonds A 1866 and 1877.

63. Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement £E. & I.J

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 36., Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Act, 1875.

, 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18., Lands Clauses Act, 1845.

Applies (as to Nuisances) 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

, , 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

, , 29 & 30 Vict. c. 41., Sanitary Act, 1866.

64. Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Act Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 31 & 32 Vict. c. 130., Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Act, 1868, and construes same with this Act.

Applies 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

, 8 & 9 Vict. cc. 18., 19., 14 & 15 Vict. c. 70., and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 106., Lands

Clauses Acts, 1845, 1851, and 1860.

, 16 & 17 Vict. c. 40., Public Works Loan Act, 1853.

, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 70., 23 & 24 Vict. c. 97., 27 & 28 Vict. c. 71., and 31 & 32 Vict.

c. 70., Railways Acts, 1851, 1860, 1864, and 1868.

65. University Education (Ireland) [I.J

Empowers Her Majesty, by Charter, to found a University in Ireland.

Applies ss. 7, 8, 9, of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 84., Attorneys and Solicitors Act (Ireland), 1866.

66. Endowed Schools Acts Continuance [E.J

Continues (until 31st December 1882) powers of making Schools under 32 & 33 Vict. c. 56., 36 & 37 Vict. c. 87-, and 37 & 38 Vict. c. 87. (Endowed Schools Acts, 1869, 1873, and 1874).

67. Expiring Laws Continuance [U.K.]

Continues (as in Schedule) the following Acts, and Acts amending the same; viz.: —

5 & 6 Will. 4. e. 27., Linen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland).

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89., Poor Rates (Stock in Trade Exemption).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35., Copyhold, &c. Commissions.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59., Application of Highway Rates.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32., Landed Property Improvement (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98., Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32., County Cess (Ireland).

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104., Episcopal, &e. Estates.

23 8c 24 Vict. c. 19., Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland).

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109., Salmon Fishery (England).

25 & 26 Vict. c. 97., Salmon Fisheries (Scotland).

26 & 27 Vict. e. 105., Promissory Notes.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 9., Malt for Animals.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20., Promissory Notes, See. (Ireland).

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46., Militia Ballots Suspension.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 66., Malt Duty.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 83., Locomotives on Roads.

29 & 30 Vict. e. 52., Prosecution Expenses.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87., Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 42., Irish Church.

' 38 & 39 Vict. c. 48., Police Expenses.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 21., Juries (Ireland)..

68. Metropolitan Board of Works (Indemnity) [E.J _ . . tion to theP

Indemnifies Metropolitan Board of Works as to expenses incurred in re motion of certain Bills for supply of Water to the Metropolis.

Applies 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 42 & 43 Vict. (in order of Chapter), Sec. — continued.

I a'Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) [E.]

1 Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 65., Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 37., Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1878.

Applies 32 & 33 Vict. c. 102.,

, 33 & 34 Vict. c. 24.,

, 34 & 35 Vict. c. 47.,

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 65., ^Metropolitan Board of Works Acts, 1869 to 1878.

, 39 & 40 Vict. c. 55., |

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 52., I

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 37., J

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

Empowers Board to expend Money for-purposes of —

25 & 26 Vict c* 102 } Metropolis Management Acts, 1855 and 1862.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 90., Fire Brigade.

36 & 37 Vict. c. lxxxvi.. Tooting Beck Common.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 65., Tooting Graveney Common.

40 & 41 Vict. c. cci., Clapham Common and Bostall Heath Common.

41 & 42 Vict. c. cxlv., Plumstead Common.

40 & 41 Vict! c! ccxxxv.,} MetroPoIitan Street Improvements.

42 & 43 Vict. c. xxxix., St. Pancras Loans.

42 & 43 Vict. c. cxcviii., Thames River (Prevention of Floods).

42 & 43 Vict. c. ccxix., Knightsbridge Improvements, &c.

Obelisk on Victoria Embankment.

Metropolitan Asylum District Loans.

70. Vaccination Amendment (Ireland) [I.J

Repeals (in part) 26 & 27 Vict. c. 52., Vaccination (Ireland) Act, 1863.

Applies 21 & 22 Vict. c. 64., ]

, 26 & 27 Vict. c. 52., I Vaccination (Ireland) Acts, 1858, 1863, and 1868.

, 31 & 32 Vict. c. 87., J

, 26 & 27 Vict. c. 11., Registration of Births (Ireland) Act, 1863.

I 71. Registry Courts (Ireland) Amendment [I.]

I Amends 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69., Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

I 72. Shipping Casualties Investigations [U.K.J Amends 17 & 18 Vict. c. 104., l ' "'.

, 25 & 26 Vict. c. 63., Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854, 18 62, and 1876.

, 39 & 40 Vict. c. 80., J

73. Commissioners of Woods (Thames Piers) [E.J

Amends 20 & 21 Vict. c. cxlvii., Thames Conservancy Act, 1857.

74. National School Teachers (Ireland) [I.]

Extends borrowing powers of Commissioners under 32 & 33 Vict. c. 42., Irish Church Act, 1869.

Authorises Commissioners of National Debt to advance Funds under 24 & 25 Vict. c. 14.

and 26 & 27 Vict. c. 87.

Repeals part of 38 & 39 Vict. c. 82., National School Teachers Residences (Ireland) Act, 1875.

Applies 40 & 41 Vict. c. 27., Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877.

75. Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices [U.K.J Amends and continues the following Acts; viz. —

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102., J

21 & 22 Vict. c. 87., ! Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts, 1854, 1858, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29., J

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125., Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21., Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 61., Election Commissioners Expenses Act, 1871.

5. Companies [U.K.J

Amends and applies 25 & 26 Vict. c. 89., J , 30 & 31 Vict. c. 131., >

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 26., J

Companies Acts, 1862, 1866, and 1877*

m

Effect' of Legislation. 42 & 43 yIer

Table A. — Act® of 42 & 43 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

77- Public Works Loans [U.K.]

Repeals s. 2. of 27 & 28 Vict. c. 62., Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1864.

, part of s. 7- of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 23., Isle of Man Customs, &c. Act, 1866. Applies 38 & 39 Vict. c. 89., Public Works Loans Act, 1876.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 27., Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877.

78. Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) [E.]

Amends 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66., ]

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 77., V Supreme Court of Judicature Acts, 1873, 1875, and 1877.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 9., j

Repeals (with Savings) the following Enactments; viz.

Wholly: —

29 Car. 2. c. 5., Taking of Affidavits.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 68., Fees (Superior Courts of Law). ii 13 & 14 Vict. c. 75., Fees, Common Pleas.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 128., Court of Chancery,.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 96., Common Pleas (Officers).

28 & 29 Vict. c. 45., Common Law Courts (Fees).

29 & 30 Vict. c. 101., Common Law Courts (Fees).

In part: —

53 Geo. 3. c. 24., Administration of Justice.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 70., Administration of Justice.

1 Will. 4. c. 7.) Actions in Courts of Law.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 39., Uniformity of Process.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 74., Abolition of Fines, &c.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 94., Chancery Offices.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 99., Sheriffs, and Exchequer Offices Regulation.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 30., Abolition of Offices (Superior Courts),.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 66., Judge, &c. Court of Admiralty.

5 Vict. c. 5., Administration of Justice.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 86., Abolition of Offices, Revenue Side of Exchequer.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 103., Abolition of Offices, Court of Chancery.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 20., Abolition of Offices, Queen's Bench.

6 & 7 Vict: c. 38., Appeals, Privy Council.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 67., Writs of Error.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 96., Relief of Trustees.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 109., Petty Bag Offices, &c,

13 & 14 Vict. c. 35., Proceedings in Chancery.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 83., Administration of Justice.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 73., Officers, Common Law Courts.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 76., Common Law Procedure.

15 8s 16 Vict. c. 80., Chancery Offices Abolition.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 86., Chancery Procedure.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 87., Chancery Suitors Relief.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 22., Examiner in Chancery.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 70., Lunacy Regulation.

17 & 18 Vict. c, 78., Oaths, High Court of Admiralty.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 125., Common Law Procedure.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 126., Administration of Justice.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 134., Despatch of Business in Chancery.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 97., Mercantile Law Amendment.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 77-, Probates and Administrations.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 85., Divorce Court.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 27., Chancery Amendment.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 21., Office of Queen's Remembrancer, &c.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 126., Common Law Procedure.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 149., Prisoners in Contempt of Chancery.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 68.,'Superannuation (Law Officers).

30 & 31 Vict. c. 87., Court of Chancery (Officers).

32 & 33 Vict. c. 91.-, Courts of Justice (Salaries, &c)

36 & 37 Vict. c. 66., Supreme Court of Judicature.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 18., Settled Estates.

1879.

Effect of Legislation.

407

(B.)

Acts of former Sessions (in Chronological Order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 42 & 43 Vict.

Note. — The Repeals effected by the Civil "Procedure Acts Repeal Act (Chapter 59) and by the Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act (Chapter 24) are made the Subjects ol separate Chronological Arrangements, and will be found at pages 410 and 414, postea.

Act repealed or amended.

I 29 Car. 2. c. 5.

I 33 Geo. 3. c. 29. (I.) -

I S3 Geo. 3. c. 24. s. 5. -I 11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 58. -l c. 70. s. 11.

1 Will. 4. c. 7. s. 6.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 39. s. 15.

§ ' (» c. 125. -I 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 74.- s. 75. and 89. in part.

, , c. 94. in part -

It , c. 99. s. 46.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76.

5 & 6 Will, 4. c. 50. s. 45. in

part.

C. 51. - .r"

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 30. in . part.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 40.

c. 66. in part

c. 108. - .

5 Vict. c. 5. in part 5 & 6 Vict. c. 86. as. 2,4.

, c. 93. as. 2, 4.

, c. 103. in part & 7 Vict. c. 20. in part

, c. 38. a. 13.

, c. 67. a. 4.

' & 8 Vict. c. 17.

, c. 101. a. 32. in part

8 & 9. Vict. c. 18.

, c. 60.

40 & 11 Vict. c. 69.

* , c. 82.

. c. 96. s. 4.

41 & 12 Vict. c. 38.

I c. 43.e.35.inpart

Subject-matter. j How 1 affected. \ Chapter of 42 &43 Vict.

Taking of Affidavits - Repealed 78

Convention Act (Unlawful Assemblies) Repealed 28

Ireland).

Administration of Justice - Repealed 78

Fees, Courts of Common Law Repealed 78

Administration of Justice Repealed 78

Actions in Courts of Law — Repealed 78

Uniformity of Process in Personal Repealed 78

Actions.

West India Loan - Repealed 16

Abolition of Fines and Recoveries Repealed 78

Proceedings and Practice of certain Repealed 78

Offices in Chancery.

Appointment of Sheriffs, &c. - Repealed 78

Poor Law Amendment — District Audi- Amended 6 and 54.

tors.

Highways - Repealed 39

Dominica Loan - Repealed 16

Abolition of certain Offices in the Su- Repealed 78

perior Courts of Common Law.

West India Loan ... Repealed 16

Judge, &c. of the High Court of Ad- Repealed 78

miralty in England.

Municipal Corporations (Ireland) Amended 53

Administration of Justice Repealed 78

Abolition of Offices, Revenue Side of Repealed 78

Court of Exchequer.

Manufacture of Tobacco Amended 21

Chancery Offices Abolition - Repealed 78

Abolition of Offices of (dueen's Bench, Repealed 78

&c.

Appeals, Privy Council Repealed 78

Writs of Error Repealed 78

West India Loan - Repealed 16

Poor Law Amendment — District Au- Repealed 6

ditors. Amended

Lands Clauses Consolidation - 63

West India Loan - Repealed 16

House of Commons Costs Taxation - l Amended 17

Juvenile Offenders - Repealed 49

Relief of Trustees - 1 Repealed 78

West India Loan - 1 Repealed 16

Justices of the Peace | Repealed 49

A

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 42&43 Vict.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 35. Highways - Repealed 39

, c. 103. s. 8. Poor Law Amendment — District Au- Repealed 6

, c. 109. s. 41. ditors. Petty Bag Office, &c. - Repealed 78

13 & 14 Vict. c. 35. ss. 30-32. - Proceedings in Chancery Repealed 78

, c. 37.* - Summary Jurisdiction in Cases of Lar- Repealed 49

, c. 69. ceny. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) Amended 71

59 c. /5. - Common Pleas (Fees) - Repealed 78

14 & 15 Vict. c. 83. in part Administration of Justice, Court of Repealed 78

, c. 105. - Chancery. Poor Law Amendment Amended 54

15 8516 Vict. c. 73. in part Officers, Superior Courts of Common Repealed 78

, c. 76. ss. 224,225. Law. Common Law Procedure Repealed 78

, c. 80. in part Abolition of Office of Master in Or- Repealed 7»

, c. 86. ss. 63, 64. dinary in Chancery. Practice and Proceeding in Chancery - Repealed 78 78 78 7 8 50 78

, c. 87. in part Relief of Suitors in Chancery - Repealed

16 & 17 Vict. c. 22. s. 3. Office of Examiner in Chancery Repealed

, c. 70. in part Lunacy Regulation - Repealed

17 & 18 Vict. c. 55. Bills of Sale (Ireland) - Repealed

, c. 78. in part Administration of Oaths, &c.. High Repealed

, c. 91. - Court of Admiralty. Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Amended 42 W

, c. 102. - Corrupt Practices at Elections Amended

, c. 104. - Merchant Shipping - . - Amended (£ i» 49

, c. 125. ss. 97,98. Common Law Procedure - Repealed

18 & 19 Vict. c. 126. in part* - Administration of Criminal Justice Repealed 78 16

c. 126. s. 20. - Administration of Justice Repealed

c. 134. in part - Despatch of Business in Chancery Repealed

19 & 20 Vict. c. 35. West India Loan ... Repealed 78

c. 97. in part Mercantile Law Amendment - Repealed 42

20 & 21 Vict. c. 58. - Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Amended 7 8

c. 77. in part - Probates and Letters of Administration Repealed 78

c. 85. in part Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Repealed p

c. cxlvii. Thames Conservancy - Amended 78

21 & 22 Vict. c. 27. s. 11. Chancery Amendment Repealed 75

, c. 87. - Corrupt Practices at Elections Amended 78

9.2 fc 23 Vict. c. 21. in part - Office of Queen's Remembrancer, &c. - Repealed M

23 & 24 Vict. c. 57. - Dominica Loan - Repealed i

c. 126. ss. 37, 38. Common Law Procedure Repealed Repealed 78 ,

" c. 128. - Chancery Evidence Commission 78

c. 149. ss. 12, 14. Relief of Prisoners in Contempt of Repealed

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. - Chancery. Salmon Fishery (England) Amended 28 39

25 & 26 Vict. c. 61. ss. 27-29. Highways ... Repealed 7%

c. 63. - Merchant Shipping - Amended 78

c. 89. - Companies - Amended 78

c. 96. - Court of Common Pleas (Acknow- Repealed

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. - ledgment of Deeds). Corrupt Practices at Elections Amended 75 1

c. 52. in part Vaccination (Ireland) - Repealed 58

27 & 28 Vict. c. 47. s. 2. Penal Servitude - Repealed $1 49

c. 62. s. 2. Isle of Man Harbours - Repealed

, c. 80. - Criminal Justice (Cinque Ports) Repealed 49

, c. 110 * - Mitigation of Penalties Repealed 7

28 & 29 Vict. c. 45. Common Law Courts (Fees) - Repealed

* So far as relates to England.

JLot repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How C affected. 4 Chapter of 2& 43 Vict.

\U: : : Salmon Fishery (England) Amended 26

Small Penalties - Repealed 49

,D» ".££ Isle of Man Customs - Repealed 77

c. 68. in part Superannuation ... Repealed 78

" c .76. - Public Offices (Fees) - Repealed 58

c. 101. - Common Law Courts (Fees and Salaries) Repealed 78

10 & 3*1 Vict. c. 6. ss. 36, 37. -3011 c. 80. - Metropolitan Poor — District Auditors Repealed 6

Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Amended 42

c. 87. in part Court of Chancery (Officers) - Repealed 78

c. 91. - Dominica Loan - Repealed 16

1 c. 101. - Public Health (Scotland) Amended 15

c. 106. - Poor Law Amendment Amended 54

c. 131. - Companies - Amended 76

i .11 & 32 Vict. c. 64. 8. 26. Land Registers (Scotland) Repealed 44

I c. 116. s. 2.* - Larceny and Embezzlement Repealed 49

, c. 122. s. 24. - Poor Law Amendment — District Auditors. Repealed 6

c. 125. - Corrupt Practices at Elections Amended 75

, c. 130. - Artizans, &c. Dwellings Amended 64

J 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. - Corrupt Practices at Elections Amended 75

, c. 41. - Poor Rates Assessments, &c. Amended 10

, . c. 45. - Union Loans - Amended 54

, c. 91. ss. 16-28. Courts of Justice (Salaries and Funds) Repealed 78

j 33 & 34 Vict. c. 42. s. 4. m part. Petty Customs (Scotland) Abolition - Repealed 13

, c. 75. s. 60. in part. Elementary Education — District Auditors. Repealed j 6

1 34 & 35 Vict. c. 61. - Corrupt Practices at Elections Amended 75

, c. 78. s. 13 * - Regulation of Railways Repealed 49

, c. 105. - Petroleum - Amended 47

, c. 112. - Prevention of Crime - Amended 55

H>&37 Vict. c. 59. - Slave Trade (East African Courts) Amended 38

, c. 66. Judicature Act, 1873 - Amended 78

, c. 71. - Salmon Fishery (England) Amended 26

« 38 Vict. c. 94. - Conveyancing (Scotland) Amended 40

38 & 39 Vict. c. 36. - Artizans, &c. Dwellings Amended 63

, c. 40. Municipal Elections . Amended 53

u c. 55. s. 247- in part. Public Health Act, 1855 — District Auditors. Repealed 6

, c. 55. - Public Health Act, 1855 — Interments Amended 31

»j c. 60. Friendly Societies - Amended 9

» c. 63. Sale of Food and Drugs Amended 30

»> c. 65. Metropolitan Board of Works Amended 69

» c. 77. - Judicature Act, 1875 Amended 78

»j c. 82. in part 19 & 40 Vict. c. 19. - National School Teachers Residences (Ireland). Repealed 74

Salmon Fishery (England) Amended 26

» e. 35. Customs Tariff (Cocoa or Chocolate) - Amended 21

» c. 36. - Customs Consolidation Amended 21

» c. 48. Bankers' Books Evidence Repealed 11

»> c. 56. Commons Inclosure - Amended 37

« c. 61. Poor Law Amendment Amended 12 and

n o c. 80. Merchant Shipping Act Amendment - Amended 72

101 41 Vict. c. 9. - Judicature Act, 1877 - Amended 78

« c. 18. s. 42. in part. Settled Estates - Repealed 78

So far as relates to England.

1 Act repealed or amended. Subject matter. How affected. Chapter of 42 & 43 Vict.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 26. - Companies - Amended 76

» c. 51. s. 16. in East India Loan Repealed 60

part. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 15. 4 Customs Duties on Segars Amended 21

, c. 37. - Metropolitan Board of Works Amended 69

c. 52. - Public Health (Ireland) Amended 57

, c. 77. s. 9. in part Highways, &c. — District Auditors Repealed 6

Repeals effected by the Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 59.

Act repealed by 42 & 43 Vict. c. 59.- Subject-matter of Act repealed.

20 Hen. 3. c. 10.

40 Hen. 3.

52 Hen. 3. c. 18.

P c. 19.

, c. 20.

, c. 28.

3 Edw. l. c.21. c. 24.

, c. 35.

6 Edw. 1. c. 1. in pt. -, c. 5.

, c. 8.

12 Edw. 1. in pt.

13 Edw. 1. c. 10.

a

, C. 29.

, c. 35. in pt.

, o. 36.

, c. 50.

18 Edw. 1.

18 Edw. 1.

25 Edw. 1. c. 11. m c. i2.

27 Edw. 1.

28 Edw. 1. c. 3. in pt.-

» c. 6.

Temp, incert. Stat. "1 de Ward' et Releviis J

1 Edw. 3. St. 1. c. 4.

2 Edw. 3. c. 16.

5 Edw. 3. c. 12.

, c. 13.

9 Edw. 3. St. 1. c. 3. -14 Edw. 3. St. 1. c. 14.

20 Edw. 3. c. 1.

>9 c. 2.

27 Edw. 3. St. l. c. l.

1. Enactments repealed generally.

Attornies in County Courts.

Provision for the Day in Leap Year.

Amercements for Defaults restrained.

Pleas of False Judgment confined to the King's Courts.

In County Courts, &c. Essoins need not be sworn.

Prelates, &c. may prosecute for Wrongs, &c.

Lands in Ward shall be duly kept.

Unlawful Disseisin by Escheators, &c.

Excess of Jurisdiction in Franchises.

Damages in Novel Disseisin, &c.

Action of Waste extended.

In what Court Pleas of Trespass shall lie, &c.

Crown Debt; Exchequer Court.

Time of delivering Writs for Suits depending before Justices in Eyre. Process in Action of Waste.

Waste between Joint Tenants and Tenants in common.

Grant of Commissions to hear and determine.

Punishment for taking away a Ward.

Penalty for procurement of Suits in Courts Baron, &c.

Writs.

Writs of Quo Warranto.

Statute of Quo Warranto.

Common Pleas.

Assises of Novel Disseisin and Mort d'Ancestor.

Ordinance of purchasing Liberties.

Of what things only the Steward and Marshal of the King's House shall hold Plea, &c.

No Common Law Writ under the Petty Seal.

Relief and Wardship co-relative, &c.

Averment against the Record in a Writ of False-Judgment.

Inquests in the Country shall be granted on Request of the Tenant.

Of Pardon on-Outlawries, &c.

Averment of Plaintiffs shall be received against Imprisonment alleged to defeat Outlawry.

Executors shall not fourch by Essoin.

After four Writs of Search for the King returned, the King put to answer; on Petition for Lands in his hands.

Justices shall do right to all Persons without regal'd of Letters.

The Barons of the Exchequer shall do right without Delay.

Statute against Annullers of Judgments of the King's Court.

jjjEdw. 3. c. 13.

» c- 14.

j 37 Edw. 3. c. 2.

I j Die. 2. c, 12.

JCBic. 2. c. 2.-j/Ric. 2. c. 14.

jgRic. 2. c. 5.

JI3Ric.2. St. 1. c. 2.

Pi ,j. o. 5.

115 Ric. 2. c. 3. in pt. -11/ Ric. 2. c. 6.

|2Hen. 4. c. 7. n

j 4 Hen. 4. c. 23.

17 Hen. 4. c.. 13.

12 Hen. 5. St. 1. c. 2.

18 Hen. 6. c. 9. in pt. -j DHen. 6. c. 4.

13 Hen. 7. c. 10.

19 Hen. 7. c. 20.

15 Hen. 8. c. 4. in pt.

24 Hen. 8. c. 8.

I 1 Edw. 6. c. 7- in pt. -3 & 4 Edw. 6. c. 3.

8 Eliz. c; 2i in pt.

18 Eliz. c. 5. in pt.

£ , ' c.-12. -29 Eliz. c. 5. -131 Eliz. c. 3.

I. c. 5. in pt.

» c. 10. -8 Eliz. c. 6. in pt.

3 Car. 2. St. 2. c. 2. -« & 17 Car. 2. c. 8. 3 & 19 Car. 2. c. 10.-^ Car. 2. c. 3. in pt.

& M. c. 18. in pt.

, e. 22. in pt.

8& 9 w. 3 c n.

10 Win. 3. c. 20.

411 WiU. 3. c. 9. n J* 5 Ann. c. 3. in pt. -«eo. 1. c. 25.

Escheators shall take Inquests by Good People; by indenture and not privily.

Offices found before Escheators may be traversed in Chancery, and tried in the King's Bench.

Statute concerning Diet and Apparel. Writ of Idemptitate Nominis in Outlawry.

Warden of the Fleet shall not let at large Prisoners in Execution, &c.

Actions of Debt and Account shall be brought in their proper counties. For enabling Parties out of the Realm to appoint Attoraies in Writs of Premunire.

Pleas at Common Law shall not be discussed before the Constable and Marshal.

Jurisdiction of the Constable and Marshal.

Jurisdiction of the Admiral and his Deputy.

Jurisdiction of the Admiral.

On untrue Suggestions before the Council or in Chancery damages may be awarded.

In Assizes of Mort d'Ancestor, &c. Plaintiffs shall not be Nonsuit after Verdict.

Judgments shall remain in Force until reversed by Attaint or Error. Impotent Persons outlawed may make Attoraies, except on Writs of Execution.

Injustice arising from Writs of Certiorari Corpus cum Causa out of Chancery for removal of Prisoners in Execution.

Against Forcible Entries, &c.

Writ of Idemptitate Nominis maintainable by Executors in Cases of Outlawry.

Against Delays of Execution upon Writs of Error.

De brevibus erroris repremendis.

Proclamacions to be made before the Exigent be awarded into foreign Shires.

Where Defendants shall not recover Costs.

For continuance of Actions after death of the King.

Concerning the improvement of Commons and waste Grounds.

Where Defendant may recover costs, being wrongfully vexed.

To redress Disorders in Common Informers upon Penal Laws.

For trial of Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex.

For the continuance and perfecting of divers Statutes.

For the avoiding of Privy and Secret Outlawries of Her Majesty's Subjects.

Concerning Informers.

For the continuance and perfecting of diverse Statutes.

To avoid trifling and frivolous Suits in Law.

For prevention of Vexations and Oppressions by Arrests, &c.

To prevent Arrests of Judgment and superseding Executions.

Extending a former Act concerning Replevins and Avowries, &c.

For Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries.

For taking of Affidavits in the Country, &c.

To prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, &c.

For regulating Proceedings in the Crown Office of the Court of King's Bench.

For the better preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits.

For limiting certain Times within which Writs of Error shall be brought.

For preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits, &c.

For the Amendment of the Law and better advancement of Justice.

For supplying Defects in the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for Obligations to be taken by two Chief Justices, the Mayor of the Staple, and the Recorder of London, &c.

12 Geo. l. c.31.

3 Geo. 2. c. 30.

4 Geo. 2. o. 26.

6 Geo. 2. c. 14.

14 Geo. 2. c. 17.

1 Geo. 3. c. 23.

10 Geo. 3. c. 60. in pt.

22 Geo. 3. c. 82. in pt. I 38 Geo. 3. c. 52. in pt.

, c. 87. in pt.

43 Geo. 3. c. 46. in pt.

49 Geo. 3. c. 91.

53 Geo. 3. c. 24.

I Geo. 4. c. 21.

, c. 55.

6 Geo. 4. c. 95.

II G.4.&1W.4. c. 36.

in pt. , c. 58.

, c. 70 in pt. 1 Will. 4. c. 3. in pt. -, c. 7- in pt. -, c. 22. in pt.

1 & 2 Will. 4. e. 58. in pt.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 39.

, c. 58. in pt.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 27. in pt.

, o.42.in pt.

, c. 67.

» c.71.inpt.

» c.94.inpt.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 42. in pt.

, c. 62.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c.83. in pt. / Will. 4. & 1 Vict.

c. 30. in pt.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 45. in pt.

9 & qV a c-110-inpt.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 11. in pt.

. >*: c. 16.

3 & 4 Vict. 0.24.

For better regulating Trials by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex. To put an end to certain Disputes touching Orders and Decrees in I the Court of Chancery.

All proceedings in the Courts of Justice shall be in the English Language.

For more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, &c.

To prevent inconveniences arising from Delays of Causes after issue joined.

Commissions and Salaries of Judges.

For further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament.

Revenues of the Civil List.

To regulate the Trial of Causes, &c., which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns.

For the Administration of Assets in cases where the Executor is out of the Realm.

For more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits, &c.

To empower the Judges to try Civil Causes in their own Counties.

To facilitate the Administration of Justice.

To enable the Chief Justice of the King's Bench to try Middlesex Issues at Nisi Prius elsewhere than in Westminster Hall.

For giving further Facilities to the Proceedings in the Court of King's Bench, &c.

To enable Serjeants-at-Law to take upon themselves that Office in Vacation.

For altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts.

For regulating the receipt of Fees by Officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law.

For more effectual Administration of Justice.

To amend an Act for better Administration of Justice,

For more speedy Judgment aud Execution in Actions.

To enable Courts of Law to order examination of Witnesses upon Interrogatories.

To enable Courts of Law to give Relief against adverse Claims.

For Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions.

To extend the Provisions of an Act for amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts.

For the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property.

For the Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice.

To amend an Act for Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions.

For the Appointment of convenient Places for the Holding of Assises. For the Regulation of the Proceedings and Practice of certain Offices in Chancery.

For taking of Affidavits and Affirmations in the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannariesv For improving the Practice and Proceedings in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

To amend the Law touching Letters Patent for Inventions.

To abolish certain Offices in the Superior Courts of Common Law, &c.

To extend the Jurisdiction of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law, &c.

For abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process except in certain Cases, &c. For better Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Debts, &c.

For improving the Practice and Proceedings in.'the Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham.

Recovery of Costs of Suit in certain Cases.

. repealecl

jM

Vict. c. 65. in pt. c. 66. in pt.

ls Vict. c. 5- in P*-.

I $6 Vict. c. 86. in pt.

c. 103. in pt. I«& 7 Vict. c. 20. in pt.

!$! c. 38. in pt.

, c. 67. in pt.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 109.

in pt.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 35. in pt.

» c. 75.

14&15 Vict. c. 83.in pt. 15 & 16 Vict. c. 73. in pt.

Subject-matter of Act repealed.

To improve the Practice and extend the- Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty.

To make provision for the Judge Registrar and Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty.

To make further Provisions for the Administration of Justice.

For abolishing certain Offices on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer in England, &c.

For abolishing certain Offices of the High Court of Chancery.

For abolishing certain Offices on the Crown Side of the Court of Queen's Bench.

To make further Regulations for facilitating the hearing Appeals and other Matters by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

To enable Parties to sue out and prosecute Writs of Error upon Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus.

Petty Bag Office and Enrolment in Chancery.

To diminish Delay and Expense of Proceedings in Chancery.

To regulate the Receipt and Amount of Fees receivable in the Court of Common Pleas.

To improve the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery, &c.

To make Provision for performance of the Duties at Nisi Prius in the Superior Courts of Common Law, &c.

2. .Enactments repealed as to the Supreme Court of Judicature in England.

I 6 Edw. 1. c. 1. in pt. 13Edw. 1. c. 15.

14 Edw. 3. St. 1. c. 6 in pi

1 Hen. 5. c. 5. in pt.

»Hen. 5. St. 1. c. 4 in pi

4 Hen. 6. c. 3. in pt.

Hen. 6. c. 12. in pt.

® Hen. 6. c. 15. in pt. I gen- 8. c. 19.

* Hen. 8. c. 15.

32 Hen. 8. c. 30.

Eliz. c. 14.

27 Eliz. c. 5.

4Jas. 1. c. 3.

21 Jas. 1. c. 13.

17 ni c-16- in P*-o7Chas.2. c. 8.-

9 Will.3. c.ll.inp

5 p 6 Anne, c. 3. in pi Ge°-l. c. 13.

8 reo' 2.0.22. -Jfto.2 c.24. -Geo. 2. c. 19. in p

43 oe°- ? c- 37- in p' d Seo. 3. c. 46.

Damages.

Infants eloined may sue by prochein amy.

Records defective by misprision of Clerks amendable.

In original Writs, &c. Additions of Defendants' Degree, &c. snail be put.

Justices may amend Defaults in Records and Process after Judgment.

Amendment of Errors in process by misprision of Clerks.

No Judgment nor Record shall be reversed nor avoided for Erasures, Interlineations, or literal Errors.

The Judges may amend Records in cases of misprision of Sheriffs, &c. Concerning Avowries.

For giving Costs to Defendant if Plaintiff be non-suited or the verdict passed against him.

Mispleading Jeofails, &c.

For Reformation of Jeofails.

For the expedition of Justice in causes of Demurrers and Pleadings.

To give Costs to the Defendant upon Nonsuit of Plaintiff or Verdict against him.

For further Reformation of Jeofails.

For Limitation of Actions, and avoiding of Suits in Law.

For avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delays.

For better preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits.

For the Amendment of the Law and better Advancement of Justice.

For the Amendment of Writs of Error, and preventing the arresting or reversing of Judgments after Verdict.

For Relief of Debtors with respect to Imprisonment.

For Relief of Debtors with respect to Imprisonment.

For more effectual securing the Payment of Rent, and preventing Frauds by Tenants.

To regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to Subjects of Great Britain.

For more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits.

= i j fa-"1

Act repealed by 42 & 48 Vict. c. 59. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

9 Geo. 4. c. 14. in pt. - For rendering a Written Memorandum necessary to the Validity of certain Promises and Engagements.

>» c. 15. in pt. To prevent a Failure of Justice by reason of variances between Records and Writings.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 47. in pt. 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 100. in pt. 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 42. in pt. 4 & 5 WiU. 4. c. 39. - , c. 82. -6 & 7 Vict. e. 96. in pt. 8 & 9 Vict. c. 75. in pt. , c. 109. For consolidating and amending the Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate. For shortening the Time required in Claims of Modus decimandi. For the Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice. To give Costs in Actions in Quare impedit. To amend an Act to effectuate the Service of Process. To amend the Law respecting Defamatory Words and Libel. To amend the Law respecting Defamatory Words and Libel. To amend the Law concerning Games and Wages.

Repeals effected by the Statute Law Revision (Ireland) Act, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 24.

Act of the Irish Parliament repealed by 42 & 43 Vict. c. 24. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

28 Hen. 8. c. 7. in pt. c. 20. 12 Eliz! c. 4. 28 Eliz. c. 1. in pt. 10 Car. 1. sess. 3. c. 9. c. 18. in pt. 7 Will. 3. c. 7. c. 9. in pt. c. 17. s. 5. c. 24. 10 Will. 3. c. 2. ss. 3-6. 2 Anne, c. 2. c. 15. in pt. c. 17. 6 Anne, c. 12. s. 1. 8 Anne, c. 4. s. 1. c. 8. 9 Anne, c. 7. in pt. 11 Anne, c. 8. in pt. 2 Geo. 1. c. 9. c. 10. c. 16. ss. 7., 9. c. 17. in pt. Slander. Declaring the Effect of Poynings Act. Granting Letters Patent of Lands. Concerning wilful Perjury. Relief of Creditors against such persons as die in Execution; Swearing of Under-Sheriffs and other Officers. Reviving two Statutes; and avoiding unnecessary Suites. Profane Cursing and Swearing. Better Observation of the Lord's Day. Better Regulating Measures in and throughout the Kingdom. Reforming Abuses in making Butter Casks, &c. Encouraging the Importation of Iron and Staves. Prohibiting Butchers from being Graziers, &c. Better regulating of Measures in and throughout the Kingdom. Continuing divers Laws, and amending Law as to Butter Casks, Enabling Posthumous Children to take Estates. Discovery and apprehending of Housebreakers. Preventing Butchers from being Graziers, &c. Under-Sheriffs and Sheriffs Clerks officiating as Sub-sheriffs, &c. Militia. Restraining Papists from being Constables, &c. Preventing Butchers from being Graziers, &c. .. > Empowering Justices of the Peace to determine Disputes so11 Servants, &c.

6 Geo. 1. c. 6. ss. 1-4. c. 15. ss. 6., 7-8 Geo. 1. c. 6. ss. 1., 9. 9 Geo. 2. c. 8. s. 2. Preventing delays in Writs of Error, &c. Amendment of the Pavements in Dublin, &c. Further Amendment of the Law, and continuing several Acts, &c- -Preventing the evil arising by Retailers of Beer and Spirit11 Liquors giving credit to Servants, &c.

15 Geo. 2. c. 4. 21 Geo. 2. c. 13. s. 15. 23 Geo. 2. c. 1. c. 2. Qualification for Offices or Employments. Repairing the Roads leading from Cork to Killarney, &c. Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c. For payment of certain sums in discharge of so much of the N&® Debt, &c.

1879.

415

the Irish Subject-matter of Act repealed.

23 Geo. 2. (cont.) g c. 4. Continuing several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, &c. Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of Protestant Schools.

c. 5. Granting duties upon Coaches, &c., Cards and Dice, and upon Gold and Silver Plate,

c. 7. c. 8. c. 11. Qualification for Offices or Employments. Continuing several temporary Statutes. Providing for begging Children, and for the better regulation of Charity Schools, &c. in Dublin, &c.

c. 12. in pt. c. 13. in pt. Amending several Acts for recovery of Tithes, &c. Better securing Persons who have served the Office of Sheriff against defaults.

c. 14. c. 15. in pt. Amending the Law in relation to appointing Constables. Continuing and amending an Act regulating the buying and selling cattle.

e. 16. c. 17. 25 Geo. 2. c. 1. c.2. c. 3. Amending and keeping in Repair the Turnpike Roads. For Relief of Insolvent Debtors. Granting an additional Duty on Beer, Spirits, &c. Granting an additional Duty on Wine, Silk, Hops, &c. Continuing Parliament for Three Years whensoever the Crown shall descend to Children of Frederick Prince of Wales, &c.

c. 4. Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. in pt. c. 9.- ss. 1., 6. c. 10. Better Preservation of the Game. Continuing several temporary Statutes. Qualification for Offices or Employments. For better adjusting and more easy recovery of Wages by Servants, &c. Continuing, &c. several Laws relating to the Revenue, &c. An Act for encouragement of Tillage, and better Employment of the Poor, &c.

c. 12. in pt. More effectual Execution of Orders of the Courts of Justice for giving Possessions, &c.

c. 14. Explaining and amending an Act for more effectual assignment of Judgments, &c.

c. 15. in pt. c. 16. Buying and selling of Corn by weight, and for preventing Frauds. Explaining and amending the several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, &c. in the City of Dublin.

27 Geo. 2. c. 1. c. 2. Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c. Continuing, &c._the Laws relating to Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures.

29 Geo. 2. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. ss. 1., 6. c. 4. Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c. Qualification for Offices or Employments. Continuing, &c. Laws relating to the Revenue. Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. in pt. c. 9. c. 10. c. 12. in pt. c. 14. in pt. Better regulating Juries. Amending an Act for erecting of Free Schools, &c. Continuing several temporary Statutes. For the further encouragement of Tillage. Amending an Act for better encouragement of Tillage, &c. Preventing unlawful Combinations of Tenants, Colliers, &c. Removing Doubts touching Presentments of Money in the Court of King's Bench, &c.

c. 15. ss. Is, 2. Supplying Defects in an Act of Queen Anne relating to Under-Sheriffs and Sheriff's Clerks.

e. 16. s. 4. c. 17. c. 24. Promoting Publick Credit. For the Relief of Insolvent Debtors. Making it lawful for His Majesty's Protestant Dissenting Subjects to accept Commissions, &c.

Act of the Irish Parliament repealed by 42 & 43 Vict. c. 24.

Subject-matter of Act repealed.

31 Geo. 2.

c. 10. ss. 11

c. 1. c. 2.

c. 3. c. 4. c. 6. C. 7.

c. 9.

.,12.

Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

Preventing the distilling of Spirits from Wheat, Potatoes, &c. for a limited Time.

Better supplying the City of Dublin with Corn and Flour. Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Continuing Laws relating to the Revenue, &c.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Reviving, continuing, &c. several temporary Statutes.

Preventing of Frauds and Abuses in certain Trades and Manufactures,

&c.

c. 11. c. 14. 33 Geo. 2. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 6.

c.7. c. 9. c. 10. c.,11. s. 4. c. 12. c. 14. in pt. c. 16. in pt.

, c. 17. C. 18. in pt. 1 Geo. 3, c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6.

c. 7. c. 9. in pt. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14. in pt.

c. 16. c. 17. in pt. 3 Geo. 3. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. c. 4.

c. 9. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14.

c-16. in pt. c-19. s. 2. c. 20. c. 21.

c. 22. o. 23.

Enabling the Clergy to reside upon their Benefices, &c.

Better supplying the City of Dublin with Coals, &c.

Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

Granting an additional Duty on Wine, &c.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Assessing and collecting Publick Money in Cities and Towns. Preventing the adulterating of Spirituous Liquors.

For better regulating the Collection of the Revenue, &e.

Amending an Act for recovery of Tithes, &c.

Amending an Act for better supplying Dublin with Corn and Flour. Repealing an Act for better securing payment of Bankers Notes, &c. For better regulating the Corporation of Dublin, &c.

For Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

For more effectual enlightening of the City of Dublin, &c.

Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

Granting an additional Duty on Wine, &c.

For more effectual assigning of Judgments, &c.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Granting several Duties, Rates, and Impositions, &c.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and Encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Continuing an Act for better regulating the Collection of the Revenue. Preventing the counterfeiting Gold and Silver Lace, &c.

Preventing Abuses committed by Justices of Peace.

For the security of Protestant Purchasers.

Quieting Possessions of Protestants deriving under Converts. Preventing Frauds in vending Drugs and Medicines.

For the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

Reviving, continuing, &c. several temporary Statutes.

Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

Granting several Duties, Rates, and Impositions.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Explaining Acts for the better supplying Dublin with Corn and Flour. Amending an Act for encouragement of Tillage.

Continuing the Encouragement to Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures. Preventing Bribery and Corruption in Elections.

Directing application of Eight thousand Pounds granted to the Dublin Society for encouragement of Trades and Manufactures. Continuing and amending several temporary Statutes, &c. Indemnifying Persons aiding in the dispersing of Riots, &c. Continuing several temporary Statutes.

Continuing certain Acts for preventing Frauds in the Customs and Excise.

Discharging Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents.

For the better Preservation of Game.

3 Geo. 3. (cont.)

c. 25. c. 26.

c. 28. s. 18.

c. 33. c. 34. s. 1.

5 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3.

c. 4.

.. c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 8. c. 11. c. 12. in pt.

c. 14. in pt. c. 15. c. 16. c. 18. c. 19. c. 20. in pt. c. 21. s. 1. c. 23.

7 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. s. 1. c. 5. c. 6.

c. 8. s. 3.

c. 9. s. 2. c. 12. c. 14. c. 15. in pt.

c. 16. c. 19.

c. 20. in pt. c. 21.

c. 24. c. 27. w . c. 28.

9 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c» 2»

H Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5.

r Vr S- 6-in P* l-ZVo. 27. Price

Amending an Act of Henry the Eighth relating to Tithes, &c. Confirming Titles and quieting Possessions of Protestants, and giving time for performing the requisites of Conformity, &c.

Preventing Severities and unjust Exactions by Gaolers against Prisoners, &c.

Preventing Frauds in the tanning of Hides, &c.

Better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.

Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

For granting several Duties, Rates, and Impositions.

Preventing the distilling of Spirits from Wheat, Oats, Bear, Barley, &c. for a limited Time.

Preventing the Exportation of Corn for a limited Time.

Ascertaining the Duty of Excise payable upon Importation of Brandy. Rum, and Geneva.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Preventing tumultuous risings.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Directing the application of Eight thousand Pounds granted to the Dublin Society for encouragement of Trades and Manufactures.

For more effectually amending the Public Roads.

Continuing, reviving, and amending several temporary Statutes, &c. Continuing several laws relating to the Revenue, &c.

For the better preservation of Corn.

For the further encouragement of Tillage.

For erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals.

For better regulating of Trials in cases of High Treason.

For the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

Granting several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes.

Limiting the Duration of Parliaments.

Enabling Grand Juries to raise certain Monies by presentment.

For relief of Insolvent Debtors, &c.

Continuing an Act of King George the First relating to Barracks and Lighthouses, &c.

Amending an Act for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals.

Amending an Act for the Union and Division of Parishes, &c.

Amending the Laws for better supplying Dublin with Corn and Flour. Amending an Act to prevent Disorders by the Marching of Soldiers, &c.

Directing the application of Seven thousand Pounds granted to the Dublin Society for encouragement of Trades and Manufactures.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Continuing, &c. several temporary Statutes.

Amending an Act passed to amend an Act of Henry the Eighth relating to Tythes, &c.

For the encouragement of Tillage and Navigation.

For the further improvement of the Revenue.

To amend an Act for the better preservation of Corn.

Granting an additional Duty on Beer.

Granting several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes.

Reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes.

Reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Directing the application of a Sum to be applied to Publick Works, &e.

Preventing Combinations to raise the Price of Coals in Dublin.

Preventing the Practice of burning Bricks within the City of Dublin.

2 d.] D d

418

Act of the Irish Parliament repealed by 42 & 43 Vict. C. 24.

Subject-matter of Act repealed.

11 Geo. 3. (cont.)

c. 7- in pt. c. 8. c.10.-

c. 11. c. 13.

11 & 12 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3.

c. 4. I c. 6.

c. 7-

c. 9.

c. 11. in pt.

c. 12. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. c. 17. ss. 12,13.

c. 19. c. 21. s. 1.

c. 22. c. 25. in pt. c. 27.

c. 29. c. 30. c. 32. c. 33.

13 & 14 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 8 . c. 9.

c. 11. c. 13.

#P

c. 18. c. 19. c. 20.

22. s. 23.

c. 23. o.25.

Punishment for Injuries with intent to hinder the Exportation of Cora. I Repealing an Act for the Relief of Debtors.

Enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue Warrants to I make out Writs for Members to serve in Parliament.

Obliging Ships more effectually to perform Quarantine, &c. Continuing certain Laws for improvement of the Revenue, &c. Granting an additional Duty on several Commodities.

Granting several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Granting several Duties, Rates, and Impositions.

Amending a proviso in an Act of King Charles the Second for settling the Subsidy of Poundage, &c.

For the further Improvement of the Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein.

Preventing Frauds committed by persons claiming the Bounties for supplying Dublin with Corn and Flour.

Better regulating the Foundling Hospital and Workhouse in the City of Dublin, &c.

Preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament. Preventing the spreading of Fires, &c.'

For Relief of poor. Infants deserted by their Parents.

For erecting Parochial Chapels of Ease in Parishes of large extent, &c. Rendering more effectual the Laws for better enabling the Clergy to reside upon their Benefices.

Reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes.

Encouraging the reclaiming of unprofitable bogs.

Preventing burying Dead Bodies in Churches.

Amending an Act for the better regulation of Partnerships.

Amending an Act of Queen Anne to prevent the further growth of Popery.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

For badging such Poor as are unable to support themselves by Labour. For Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

Regulating the Journeymen Taylors and Journeymen Shipwrights of Dublin.

Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

Granting several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes.

Granting an additional Duty upon several Goods and Merchandizes. For the more effectual punishing of certain Offenders.

Granting certain Annuities.

Granting Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Explaining an Act granting certain Annuities.

Continuing and amending Laws relating to the Revenue.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and the encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Amending an Act for the further encouragement of Tillage. Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Granting to His Majesty certain Sums, and for better support of the Dublin Foundling Hospital.

Better regulating the Office of County Treasurers, &c.

Better Valuation of Houses in Counties of Cities, &c.

Amending the Laws relative to lighting and cleansing of several Cities, and establishing Market J uries therein.

Paving the Streets, Lanes, &c. within the City and County of the City of Dublin, &c.

For better regulation of the Admission and Practice of Attornies. Amending an Act for confirming the Titles-and quieting the Possession of Protestants, &c.

Act of the Irish ' f . , ,

Parliament repealed by Subject-matter of Act repealed.

42 & 48 Vict. c. 24.

13 & 14 Geo. 3. (cont.)

c. 26. c. 32. s. 1. c. 37. c. 38. c. 41. in pt. c. 42. in pt.

c. 44. o. 46. in pt.

15 & 16 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4.

c. 5. c. 7.

c. 8.

c. 9. c. 10.

. c. 11.

c. 14.

c. 15. c. 18.

c. 19. c. 23.

c. 25.

c. 26. s. 1. c. 29. c. 30.

Geo.

Geo.

c. 32. c. 34. c. 35. 3. c. 1. 3. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6.

c, 7.

e. 8?

c. 9.

c. 11. c. 13. c. 14. c. 1(>. c. 18.

Enforcing a due Execution of the Laws relative to Turnpike Roads. Amending the Publick Roads.

Preventing Frauds in the Measurement of Lime.

Preventing Importation of Wines in Casks under Thirty-one Gallons. Reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes, &c.

Reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes.. Amending an Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

Amending an Act for badging such Poor as are unable to support themselves by Labour.

Granting several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes.

Granting certain Annuities.'

Granting an additional Duty upon several Goods and Merchandizes. Preventing Frauds in obtaining the Premiums for Flax Seed imported.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Amending an Act for continuing the Encouragement given by former Acts to Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures.

Granting an Additional Duty on several Commodities, Goods, and Merchandizes.

Granting Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper. Explaining an Act for granting an additional Duty on several Commodities.

Amending an Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new. Writs, &c.

Repealing an Act to explain "and amend an Act of the Third Year of George the Second for keeping Churches in repair, &c.

For the Improvement of the Revenue, &c.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

For the Improvement of the Fisheries.

For Relief of Out-Pensioners of the Hospital of King Charles the Second.

Amending an Act for better Regulating the Foundling Hospital and Workhouse in the City of Dublin, &c.

Encouraging the Cultivation of Trees, Shrubs, Plants, and Roots. Regulating of Trials of Peers for Capital Offences.

Continuing an Act for preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament.

For reviving, amending^ and continuing several temporary Statutes. Prohibiting the burning of Lime or Limestones.

Amending an Act for badging the Poor.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

Granting several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes.

Granting Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Granting Duty upon several Goods and Merchandizes.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and the encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Continuing the Encouragement given by former Acts to the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures.

For the improvement of the Revenue, &c.

Authorising the Punishment by Hard Labour of Offenders transported to any of the Colonies and Plantations.

Amending the Act to prevent Malicious Cutting and Wounding.

Establishing a Militia in this Kingdom.

For the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

Granting several Duties, Rates, and Impositions.

For the further Encouragement of the Whale Fisheries.

17 & 18 Geo. 3. (con*.) c. 21. ss. 1., 8.

c. 23. c. 24. c. 25.

c. 27.

c. 29.

c. 30.

c. 31.

c. 32. c. 34. c. 36. in pt. c. 41. c. 42. c. 45. in pt. c. 49. in pt. 19 & 20 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c.4. c. 5. in pt. c. 6. c. 7-c. 8. c. 9.

c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 14: c. 15. in pt. c. 16.

c. 17. c. 19. in pt. c. 22. c. 23. c. 28.

c. 30. s. 3. c. 31. s. 22. c. 33.

c. 34. c. 35. c. 36. c. 37.

c. 38. in pt. c. 39.

c. 40. c. 41. c *»()

21 & 22 Geo. 3. c. l!

Amending an Act for better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.

Amending an Act relative to the Turnpike Roads.

Preventing the Mischiefs from Driving Cattle within the City of Dublin. Explaining the Statute of the 28 Hen. 8. entitled "The Act of Faculties."

Directing the Application of Five thousand Pounds granted for making wide and convenient Passages through the City of Dublin, &c. Explaining a Doubt arising upon the Laws for supplying Dublin with Com and Flour, &c.

Continuing an Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform Quarantine.

Continuing an Act for amending an Act of George the Second for the further encouragement of Tillage.

Regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, &c. in the County of Dublin. For the encouragement of Tillage, &c.

Reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes.

Granting certain Duties, and for the further advancement of Trade. For the advancement of the Trade of the Kingdom.

For the amendment of the Law with respect to Outlawries, &c.

For Relief of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion. Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

Granting several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes.

Granting Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

For the advancement of the Trade of the Kingdom.

Granting a Sum to be raised by Lottery, &c.

For Relief of the Protestant Dissenters of the Kingdom, &c.

Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

Granting Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

For licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Granting several Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes.

For the advancement of Trade, and granting several Duties. Amending the Laws relating to the Revenue, &c.

Reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes. Continuing several temporary Statutes, &c.

For the better Regulation of the Army.

For the better regulating the Corn Trade of the Kingdom. Preventing Combinations, and for the encouragement of Trade. Amending an Act for amending the Public Roads.

Regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade.

For the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law.

Relief of Tenants holding under certain Leases.

Licensing and regulating Lottery Offices.

Granting Bounties on export of certain Linen and Hempen Manufactures, &c.

Amending an Act for the encouragement of Tillage, &c.

Regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting certain Duties.

Regulating the curing and preparing Provisions, &c.

Preventing the detestable Practices of houghing Cattle, burning of Houses, &c.

Preventing vexatious and frivolous Arrests.

Explaining an Act of Queen Anne so far as regards the maintenance of Popish Priests converted to the Protestant Religion.

For the relief of Persons in custody for Debt.

Empowering Grand Juries to present Bridges and Tolls, &c. Enforcing Execution of the Laws relative to Turnpike Roads. Granting an additional Duty on Beer, &c.

421

, 1879.

Act of the Irish parliament repealed by 42 & 43 Vict. c. 24.

21 & 22 Geo. 3. (cont.)

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 9.

c. n. s. 14. c. 14.

c. 15.

c. 17.

c. 18.. c- 20. s. 25. c. 21.

c. 22.

c* 24. in pt.

c. 25' c. 28. c. 30.

c. 31.

c. 33. c. 34.

c- 35. in pt. c. 36.

c. 40. in pt! g c-41.

c- 42. ss. 5., 6.

c. 43. c. 44. c. 45. e. 47.

c> 48. in pt.

c. 49. c. 54.

23 & 24 Ge

Granting several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes. Granting several Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper. Regulating the Tobacco Trade, and granting certain Duties.

For the advancement of Trade, and granting certain Duties. Regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting certain Duties.

Qualification for Offices or Employments.

Promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufacture.

Regulating Drawbacks and Bounties, and preventing export of Manu -facturing Utensils except to Great Britain.

Better securing the Liberty of the Subject.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and the encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

Amending Laws relating to the Revenue, &c.

For the improvement of the City of Dublin, and regulating the Coal Trade.

Enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City of Dublin, &c. For the more speedy and effectual recovery of the King's debts. Preventing the multiplying of Votes at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, &c.

Amending an Act for regulating the curing and preparing Provisions, &c.

For further Relief of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion.

For the Relief of Protestant Dissenters.

Amending the Laws for erecting and regulating Free Schools.

Removing doubts concerning the construction of Three Acts for granting certain Annuities.

Enabling the Clergy to issue Process or Execution for Debts under Five Pounds.

Regulating the Qualification of Persons appointed to Offices.

For Relief of Sheriffs from whom Prisoners in execution for Debt shall be rescued.

Prohibiting the use of Lime in bleaching, &c.

For the better regulating the Corn Trade of the Kingdom.

Amending the Acts for encouragement of the Fisheries.

Reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes. Discharging Prisoners, confined for Fees only.

Enforcing the due execution of the Laws for regulating the Public Gaols and Prisons.

Mutiny and Desertion, &c.

Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Amending the Act for badging the Poor, See.

Regulating the manner of passing Bills, and preventing delays in summoning of Parliaments.

Extending certain of the Provisions contained in an Act intituled "An Act confirming all the Statutes made in England."

For redress of erroneous Judgments, Orders, and Decrees.

Prohibiting the ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects of this Kingdom, &c.

Allowing the Importation of Goods of the growth, produce. See.

of Saint Christophers, Nevis, and Montserrat, &c.

Permitting the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco.

For sparing to His Majesty a Force not exceeding Five Thousand Men.

For relief of Insolvent Persons.

Amending an Act to prevent vexatious and frivolous Arrests, &c.

Allowing Persons professing the Popish Religion to teach School, &c.

Granting additional Duty on Wine, &c.

Granting several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes.

Granting several Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

422

Act of the Irish Parliament repealed by 42 & 43 Vict. c. 24. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

23 & 24 Geo. 3. (conf.)

ic. 4/ Regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting certain Duties.

c. 5. For the advancement of Trade, and granting Several Duties.

ci 6:l Regulating and extending the' Tobacco Trade, and granting certain Duties.

t.17. Promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufacture, &c.

c. 8. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion. Facilitating the Trade and Intercourse with the United States of America.

c. 9.

c. 10. Indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Publick in advising or carrying into execution a certain Proclamation, &c.

c. 12. in pt. For the issuing of Treasury Bills for the purpose of promoting Manufactures in the County of Kildare.

c. 16. For Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify.

c. 18. Granting Duty on imported Hops, &c.

c. 19. Regulating the Corn Trade, and granting certain Duties.

- c. 20. s. 13. Freedom of Com Markets and the Corn Trade.

c. 21. Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, and encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

c. 22. in pt. For better securing the Monies and Effects of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, &c.

c. 23. in pt. Regulating the Assay of Gold, &c.

c. 25. Regulating the import of Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, &c. Amending several Laws relating to the Revenue.

c. 29.

c. 32. Continuing an Act for facilitating Trade with the United States.

c. 33. Directing the Application of certain Monies.

c; 34. in pt. F'or Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, &c. who shall be discharged by Proclamation respecting their Fees, &c.

c. 35. Preventing the erecting of Glass Houses within the City of Dublin, &c. Continuing an Act for further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament.

c. 36.

c. 37. Indemnifying certain Persons who have acted for the service of the Public.

c. 39. s. 20. c. 41. S'. 16-18. c. 47. c. 49. s. 9.

c. 54. c. 55.

c. 56.

c. 58. 25 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14.

Amending the Laws for encouragement of planting Timber Trees. Amending the Laws for regulating Publick Gaols and Prisons. Discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents. Making appropriate Parishes belonging to Archbishops and Bishops Perpetual Cures, &c.

Reviving and continuing temporary Statutes.

Removing doubts as to construction of an Act for reducing Interest to Six per Cent. %

For Prosecution of Offenders called Houghers, and for Maintenance of Persons houghed by such Offenders.

Explaining an Act for badging the Poor.

Granting an additional Duty on Wine, &c.:$

Granting several Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes. Granting certain Duties upon Malt.

For the advancement of Trade, and granting certain Duties. Regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting certain Duties.

Regulating the Tobacco Trade, and granting certain Duties.

Granting Duties upon Coffee.

Granting certain Duties upon Licenses.

Granting Duties on Carriages.

Amending an Act for regulating the Corn Trade, &c.

Promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufacture, &c.

Granting the sum of Four thousand Pounds to certain Persons, &c. For better encouragement of Trade by regulating Bounties.

Granting Twenty thousand Pounds to the Speaker of the House of Commons and others for certain Purposes.

1879.

423

Act of the Irish J parliament repealed by 1 42 & 48 Vict. c. 24. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

25 Geo. 3. (conf.) c. 15. Continuing an Act for facilitating Trade and Intercourse with the United States.

c. 16. Granting Nine thousand Pounds for supporting the Protestant Charter Schools.

«mct 17.' c. 18. c. 19. c. 20. -.,ic.22. Preventing the Practice of seducing Artificers and Manufacturers, &c. Granting certain Stamp Duties. Granting Duties of Postage. Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, &o. Granting Eight thousand six hundred Pounds for Relief of the Poor of Dublin.

C. 23.,: c. 24. Granting One thousand Pounds to the Hibernian School. Granting Three thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancellor, &c. for certain purposes.

c. 25. c. 26. c. 27. c. 28. . c. 29. a 30. Granting One thousand Pounds to the Hibernian Marine Society. Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Board of First Fruits. Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion, &c. Granting Ten thousand Pounds to the Foundling Hospital. Granting a certain Duly, to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal

c.,32. c. 34. c. 36. in pt. c. 38. Exchange. For Relief of Persons who have'omitted to qualify. Amending Laws relating to the Revenue. Amending an Act for regulating the office of Sheriff. Remedying Inconveniences to ecclesiastical Persons from Loss of Titles and Certificates.

c. 43. s. 11. Lighting and watching of Rutland Square, and better Support of the Hospital for poor Lying-in Women, in the City of Dublin.

c. 44. c. 45. c. 46. c. 47. in pt. c. 48. c. 49. *. 6. For more speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Manor Courts. Amending the Laws regulating Lottery Offices. For Relief of Insolvent Debtors. Amending the Laws relating to the Registering of Wills and Deeds, &c. Granting certain Sums, and for promoting certain Manufactures. Amending the Acts to encourage the building of Houses and making Improvements on Church Lands.

c. 50. in pt. ( c. 51. c. 54. i c. 57. c. 59. For Support and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital. Preventing vexatious Injunctions to stay Proceedings at Law, &c. Reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes. Preventing the Exportation of Hay. Amending an Act for ascertaining the Qualifications of Justices of Peace.

c. 60. Repealing an Act for Regulating the Measures made use of in Buying and Selling of Corn, See.

c. 61. Directing the Application of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, for the Encouragement of Manufactures, Arts, and Sciences.

62, n> pt. Geo. 3. c. 1. o. 2. c. 3. c. 4. I 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. Amending the Laws for Encouragement of Agriculture. Granting an additional Duty on Wine, &c. Granting certain Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes. Granting certain Duties upon Malt. Promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufacture, &c. Regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting certain Duties. Regulating the Tobacco Trade, and granting certain Duties. Granting Duties upon Coffee. Granting certain Duties on Carriages. For the Advancement of Trade, and granting certain Duties. Granting certain Duties upon Licenses. Granting a certain Duty to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

c. 12. c. 13., Granting certain Duties of Postage. Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, Sec.

Act of the Irish Parliament repealed by 42 & 43 Vict. c. 24. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

26 Geo. 3. (cont.) c. 15. c. 16. c. 18. c. 21. c. 24. in pt. c. 25. Granting certain Stamp Duties. Facilitating Trade and Intercourse with the United States. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion. Amending several Laws relating to the Revenue. For better Execution of the Law within the City of Dublin, &c. Applying Ten thousand Pounds for Advancement of Fisheries, Trade, and Manufactures.

c. 34. c. 35. c. 43. in pt. c. 44. c. 45. Promoting Partnerships in Trade. Amending an Act for preventing Frauds in Measurement of Lime. Establishing and regulating the Business of Pawnbroker. For Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves. Enabling Grand Juries to grant Sums for building and repairing Bridewells.

c. 46. Granting Twenty thousand Pounds for promoting certain Manufactures.

c. 47. Granting Nine thousand Pounds for supporting Protestant Charter Schools.

c. 48. c. 49. Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society. Granting Three thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancellor, &c. for

c. 50. in pt. . certain purposes. Amending an Act for Protection and Improvement of the Inland Fisheries.

c. 51. Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Foundling Hospital and Work-house.

c. 52. Granting Eight thousand six hundred Pounds for Relief of the Poor in the City of Dublin.

c. 53. c. 54. c. 55. c. 57. in pt. 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. c. 2, c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 9. Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Board of First Fruits. Granting One thousand Pounds to the Hibernian School. Granting One thousand Pounds to the Hibernian Marine Society. Regulating the Stages in the City and County of Dublin. Granting an additional Duty on Wines, &c. Granting certain Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes. Granting certain Duties upon Malt. Promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufacture. Regulating the Tobacco Trade, and granting certain Duties. For the Advancement of Trade, and granting certain Duties. For regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting certain Duties. Granting Duties upon Coffee. Granting certain Aids, and giving effect to Treaty concluded with the Most Christian King.

c. 10. c.ll. c. 12. c. 13. Granting certain Stamp Duties. Granting certain Duties of Postage. Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, &c. Granting Seventeen thousand Pounds for Bounties and promoting manufactures.

c. 14. c. 15. in pt. Granting Duties upon Carriages. Preventing tumultuous Risings and Assemblies, &c., and taking unlawful Oaths.

c. 16. c. 17. c. 18. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion. Granting certain Duties upon Licenses. Granting Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen Manufac-

c. 19. ture, &c. Granting Six thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancellor, &c. for certain

c. 22. purposes. Rendering more effectual an Act for the Recovery of small Debts in the Manor Courts.

c. 24. Granting a certain Duty to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal __ , I Exchange. c' ln pt. I Promoting the Improvement of Ports and Harbours.

of the Irish

ient repealed by 43 Vict. c. 24.

3-(<'°"'0c.26.

c. 27. c. 29. c. 30. c. 33. c. 35. in pt. c. 36. c. 38. c. 39. c. 40. c. 41. in pt.

c. 42.

c. 44. c. 47. c. 48. c. 49.

c. 50.

c. 51. c. 52. s. 5.

c. 54. c. 55. c. 56. c. 57. 28 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6.

c. 7. e. 9. c. 10.

c. 11. c. 12. c. 15.

c. 16. c. 17. c. 18.

c. 19. c. 20.

c. 21.

c. 22. c. 23. c. 24. ss. 4, 5.

c. 26. c. 29. c. 30. c. 31.

Subject-matter of Act repealed.

For better Collection of the Revenue.

Preventing the Forging, Selling, &c., of Mediterranean Passes. Granting certain Duties, and for better regulation of Lottery Offices. Directing application of Funds for promoting Inland Navigations, &c. For repayment of cerfcaiif Duties on Portugal and Spanish Wines.

For the Preservation of the Game.

Enabling Ecclesiastical Persons, &c. to recover compositions for Tithes. For the better regulation of Hackney Carriages, &c.

Amending an Act for regulating the Public Gaols and Prisons.

For better Execution of the Law, &c. within Counties at large. Amending an Act for buying and selling Corn and Meal, &c. by Weight, &c.

Preventing Frauds in obtaining Bounties in encouragement of Agriculture, &c.

Amending an Act for badging the Poor.

Continuing an Act for facilitating Trade and Intercourse with America. Continuing an Act respecting the performance of quarantine.

Amending an Act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents, &c.

For support and encouragement of Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights Fisheries.

For relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves.

Punishing Persons who shall steal any old Lead, Iron, or Iron or Brass Knockers.

Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society.

Granting certain Sums for pious and charitable Purposes.

Granting several Sums for certain Public Uses.

Amending an Act for badging the poor.

Granting an additional Duty on Wines, &c.

Granting certain Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes.

Granting certain Duties upon Malt.

For advancement of Trade, and granting certain Duties.

Regulating the Tobacco Trade, and granting certain Duties.

Regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting certain Duties.

Regulating the Coffee Trade, and granting Duties upon Coffee.

Granting certain Stamp Duties.

Granting certain Aids, and continuing the Treaty with the Most Christian King.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, &e.

Granting certain Duties of Postage.

Enabling the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Commissioners to inquire into funds and donations applicable to Education.

Granting certain Duties upon Licenses.

Granting Duties upon Carriages.

Continuing an Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse with the United States.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Granting Six thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancellor, &e. for certain purposes.

Granting Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture.

Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin. Society.

Granting a certain Duty to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

Repealing an Act of Henry the Eighth, for Election of the Lord Justice, &c. | . -- '

Continuing the Encouragement by Bounties to certain Manufactures.

For better ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp.

Granting certain Sums for Pious and Charitable Purposes.

For Amendment of the Law in certain Particulars.

Act of the Irish Parliament repealed by 42 & 43 Vict. c. 24. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

28 Geo. 3. (cont.) c. 32. T 0.34. u c. 35. c. 36. Repealing an Act of Henry the Eighth as to Appeals. Effectually preventing Frauds against the Revenue. For better securing of Purchasers of Lands under Decrees in Equity. Amending an Act for encouraging the Cultivation and better Preservation of Trees, Shrubs, &c.

c. 40. For further Payment of the Debts of the late. Corporation for promoting Inland Navigation.

c. 41. c. 42. For Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves. Continuing the Acts relative to Bankrupts, and continuing and j amending certain temporary Statutes.

c. 44. Enabling Ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, &c. to recover Compensation for Tithes.

c. 45. Rendering more effectual an Act for better executing the law within the city of Dublin, &c.

c. 46. c. 49. in pt. For Relief of Insolvent Debtors with respect to Imprisonment. Explaining and amending an Act relating to the business of Pawnbroker.

29 Geo. 3. c. 1. c. 2. 1 ? : c.3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. ' c. 7. c. 8. c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. Granting an additional Duty on .Wines, &c. Granting certain Aids, Duties, Rates, and Taxes. For Advancement of Trade, and granting certain Duties. Regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting certain Duties. Regulating the Coffee Trade, and granting Duties upon Coffee. Granting certain Duties upon Malt. Continuing the Act for facilitating Trade with America. Granting certain Duties of Postage. Granting certain Stamp Duties. Regulating the Tobacco Trade, and granting certain Duties. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion. Granting certain Aids, Duties, and Impositions, and continuing the Treaty concluded with the Most Christian King.

c. 13. c. 14, c. 15. c. 16. c. 17. c. 18. c. 19. c. 20. o. 21. c. 22. c. 25. c. 27. s. 2. c. 30. s. 2. c. 32. c. 33. in pt. c. 35. Promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufacture. Granting certain Duties upon Licenses. Granting certain Duties upon Carriages. For licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, &c. Granting Duties on certain Wines, &c. Granting an additional Duty on Hides, &c. Granting certain Duties upon Malt. Granting certain Duties of Postage. Granting certain Stamp Duties. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion. Amending Laws relating to the Revenue. Providing for Repairs of Churches and Residence of the Clergy. Preventing the Commission of Waste on Commons. For Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves. For Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation. Granting Six thousand Pounds to the Lord Chancellor, &c. for certain

c. 36. c. 37. purposes. Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society. Granting a certain Duty to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

c. 38. Continuing an Act for regulating the Import of Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, &c.

c. 40. c. 41. c. 42. in pt. 30 Geo. 3. c.l. c. 2. c. 3., c.4.. Continuing certain temporary Statutes. Granting certain Sums for pious and charitable Purposes. For better supplying certain Cities and Towns with Water. Granting additional Dufy on Wines, &c. Granting certain Aids, Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Taxes. For the Advancement of Trade, and granting certain Duties. Regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting certain Duties.

jH;6eo. 3. (cont.)

c* 5. c. 6. c. /.

c. 8. c. 9. o. 10. c.ll. c. 12. o. 13.

c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. c. 18. c. 21. . . c.22.

o. 23. in pt.

c-25.ss .ft:

27. ss. 1, 2. c. 28. c. 29.

c. 30. c. 32. c. 33.

c. 34.

c. 35. c. 36. C' 3'- ss. 1., 3. c- 41. in pt.

30p

eo. b c. 45. sess. 2. c. 1.

| 31 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8.

c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12.

Regulating the Coffee Trade, and granting Duties upon Coffee.

Granting certain Duties upon Malt.

Granting certain Aids, Duties, and Impositions, and continuing the Treaty concluded with the Most Christian King.

Promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.

Enabling Grand Juries to present for Coroners.

Granting certain Duties upon Carriages.

Granting certain Duties upon Licenses.

Regulating the Tobacco Trade, and granting certain Duties.

Continuing an Act for facilitating the Trade with the United States of America.

Licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, &c.

Granting certain Duties of Postage.

Granting certain Stamp Duties.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

For Relief of persons who have omitted to qualify themselves.

Amending the Laws relating to the Revenue.

Repealing certain Clauses in an Act to exclude Traders from the benefit of an Act to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts.

Continuing an Act for further improvement and extension of Fisheries.

Amending an Act for promoting the improvement of Ports and Harbours.

Granting certain Sums for pious and charitable Purposes.

Granting the Sum of Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society.

Amending an Act of Charles the Second, for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, &c.

Amending an Act for regulating the Com Trade, &c.

Rendering the Transportation of Felons and Vagabonds more easy.

Granting a certain Duty to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange.

Continuing an Act enabling the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Commissioners to enquire into funds and donations applicable to Education.

Continuing an Act for better Execution of the Law and preservation of the Peace within Counties.

Enabling Trustees of Charitable Foundations to promote the Purposes and extend the Benefit of the same.

Amending an Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation.

Enabling the Lord Chancellor, &c. to make orders for payment out of the Suitors Fund of certain Sums towards building the Courts of Justice in Dublin, &c.

Reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes.

Continuing an Act for Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves.

Granting certain Duties and continuing the Treaty concluded with the Most Christian King.

Securing the payment of certain Annuities.

Granting a Tax on Salaries, Employments, &c.

Continuing an Act for facilitating Trade and Intercourse with America.

Regulating the Tobacco, Sugar, and Coffee Trade.

Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society.

Granting certain Sums for pious and charitable Purposes.

Granting Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, u

Regulating Bounties on Exportation of certain Manufactures.

Granting certain Duties of Postage.

Enabling Grand Juries of Dublin to make certain Presentments.

Granting certain Stamp Duties.

Act of the Irish Parliament repealed by 42 & 43 Vict c. 24. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

31 Geo. 3. (co»f.) c. 13. c. 15. c. 16. c. 17. in pt. c. 18. s. 1., 2. c. 21. c. 22. in pt. c. 23. Regulating Licenses for Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail. Granting an additional Duty on imported Malt. Amending Laws relating to the Revenue. Preventing the Crime of Murder. Rendering Prosecutions for Perjury more easy and effectual. For Relief of Insolvent Debtors, with respect to Imprisonment. Extending an Act for establishing the Bank of Ireland. Amending an Act to prevent the practice of seducing Artificers and Manufacturers of the Kingdom, &c.

c. 24. s. 1. Continuing an Act for amending the Laws in relation to Butter and Tallow, &c.

c. 25. in pt. c. 26. To discharge certain Recognizances. Promoting a reciprocal Preference between Ireland and Great Britain in the Com Trade.

c. 27. c. 28. c. 29. c. 30. Amending an Act to prevent Frauds in the Tanning of Hides, &c. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion. Amending the Laws respecting Assistant Barristers. Amending an Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City of Dublin, &c.

c. 32. c. 36. Preventing vexatious Arrests and proceedings in Actions of Slander. Amending the several Acts relating to the Trials of Controverted Elections, &c.

c. 37. c. 41. For Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves. Continuing an Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant to inquire into Funds or Donations for purposes of Education.

c. 42. in pt. Directing the Application of Two hundred thousand Pounds for Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation.

c. 43. c. 44. c. 47. s. 1. Prohibiting Horse Races in the neighbourhood of Dublin. Reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes. Enabling the Grand Juries within the Province of Munster to present Sums for repair of Track wavs.

32 Geo. 3. c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. Granting for one Year certain Duties, &c. Securing the Payment of certain Annuities, &c. Continuing an Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse with America.

c. 4. Granting Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufacture.

C; 5. Regulating payment of Bounties on Exportation of certain Manufactures.

c. 6. e. 7. c. 8. c. 9. c. 10, c. 11. 8.1. c. 14. ss. 1-4. C. 15. 88. 3-8. c. 17. c. 18. c. 19. Granting certain Sums for pious and charitable Purposes. Regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade. Granting certain Stamp Duties. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion. Granting certain Duties of Postage. Amending the Laws for Sale and Insurance of Lottery Tickets. Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society. Amending certain Laws relative to Inland Navigation. Amending several Laws relating to the Revenue. Confirming the Powers of the Society of King's Inns, &c. Amending an Act for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, &c.

c. 20. c. 21. For the increase of Agriculture and Commerce. Removing certain Disabilities from Persons professing the Popish Religion.

c. 22. c. 23. C. 2/. C. 28. c. 30. Indemnity for Persons professing the Popish Religion. Encouragement of Coast Fisheries. For employing at Hard Labour Persons sentenced to Transportation. Further to promote the building of new Churches. Improving and keeping in repair the Post Roads.

Act of the Irish | Parliament repealed by I 42 & 43 Vict. c. 24.

Subject-matter of Act repealed.

32 Geo. 3. (cont.)

c. 32.

c. 33. c. 40. ss. 1-6. 33 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8.

Enabling Aliens to take Lands, &c. by way of Mortgage, subject to Restrictions.

For Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves.

For reviving and continuing certain temporary Statutes.

Establishing Regulations respecting Aliens.

Preventing Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, and removing, &c. of Gunpowder without license.

Indemnifying certain Persons who have acted for tie Service of the Public/

Granting certain Duties therein mentioned.

Securing payment of certain Annuities, &c.

Regulating Drawback and Bounty on Exportation of Sugar. Continuing an Act for facilitating Trade and Intercourse with America. Regulating Payment of Bounties on Exportation of certain Manufac-

c. 9. c. 11. c. 13. ss. 1 — 4. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. c. 17. c. 18. in pt.

c. 21. in pt. c. 23.

c. 25. c. 30.

c. 31. c. 33. c. 34. in pt.

tures.

Granting certain Sums for pious and charitable Purposes.

Regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade.

Granting Five thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society.

Granting Duties on Fire-hearths.

Granting certain Stamp Duties.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Granting certain Duties of Postage.

Preventing Insurance of Lottery Tickets, and regulating Drawing of Lotteries.

For Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects of Ireland.

For encouragement of Seamen and Marines employed in the Royal Navy, &c.

Encouraging the improvement of barren Land.

Preventing traitorous Correspondence with or Aid or Assistance to His Majesty's Enemies.

Regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies.

Defraying the Charges of Pay and Clothing of the Militia.

For Support of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown in Ireland, &c.

c. 34. c. 37. c. 38.

c. 39.

c- 41. in pt.

c. 42. c. 44.

c. 46.

c. 49. c. 52.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6.

Continuing certain Duties on Licenses for retail of Spirituous Liquors.

Amending the several Laws relating to the Revenue.

Giving Relief in proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus for admission of Freemen.

Enabling the Lord Lieutenant to issue Treasury Bills for raising Three thousand Pounds.

Securing the freedom and independence of the House of Commons by excluding therefrom persons holding Office under the Crown.

For relief of Insolvent Debtors in regard to imprisonment.

Repealing part of an Act confirming the powers of the Society of King's Inns, Dublin, &o.

Amending an Act for improving and keeping the Post Roads in repair.

Re-vesting in His Majesty certain Estates forfeited in 1688.

For advancement of Trade and Manufactures, by granting certain Sums for Support of commercial Credit.

For regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Granting certain Duties on Fire-hearths.

Granting certain Duties of Postage.

Granting certain Stamp Duties.

Securing the Payment of certain Annuities.

Granting certain Duties. *

Enabling the Lord Chancellor, &c. to make orders on the Bank of Ireland for payment out of the Suitors Fund of a, certain sum towards the building of the Courts of Justice in Dublin.

34 Geo. 3. (cont.)

C.-7.

e. 10. c. 11.

e. 13. c. 14.

c. 15. s. 1.

c. 16. c. 19. c. 21. c. 22. c: 23. c. .24.

Preventing inconveniences during Vacancy of the Office of County Treasurer.

Amending the several Laws relating to the Revenue.

Continuing Laws relating to Licenses for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, &c.

Defraying the charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia.

Preventing Money or Effects in the Hands of His Majesty's Subjects belonging to persons resident in France being applied to the use of the Government of France, &c.

Directing the application of Five thousand five hundred Pounds granted to the Dublin Society, &c.

Continuing an Act respecting Aliens, &c.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion, &c.

Granting certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, &c.

Ascertaining the Fees payable by such Roman Catholics as qualify.

Reviving and continuing certain temporary Statutes.

Continuing an Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse with

c. 25.

America.

Regulating the Payment of Bounties on Exportation of certain Manu-

35 Geo. 3. c. 1.

. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 9. c. 10.

c. 11. c. 13.

c. 14. C. 15.

c. 18. c. 19. c. 20.

c. 21. in pt.

c. 22. ci‘23. in pt.

~ c. 24. c. 26. c. 27. c. 28. in pt.

factures.

Granting certain Duties on Fire-hearths.

Granting certain Duties upon Hides and Skins.

Granting certain Duties.

Defraying the Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia.

Securing the Payment of certain Annuities, &c.

Regulating Presentments for Levying Money to be expended in erecting Court-houses, Gaols, &c.

Granting certain Stamp Duties.

Continuing an Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse with America.

Granting certain Duties of Postage.

Indemnifying certain Persons who have acted for the Service of the Publick, &c.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Regulating Payment of Bounties on Exportation of certain Manufactures.

Auditing and settling certain Treasury Accounts.

Repealing several Regulations which affect the Trade of a Brewer.

For continuing Laws relating to Licenses for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, &c.

For better Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion.

Explaining an Act for establishing a School of Physic in the Kingdom.

Amending an Act for preservation of the Inheritance, &c. of Church Lands.

Continuing an Act establishing Regulations respecting Aliens, &c.

Preventing Exportation of Starch.

For the Preservation of the Public Roads in this Kingdom, &c.

For the better regulation of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury,

&c.

C. 29. in pt. c. 30. c. 32. c. 33. c. 35. |.c- 36. in pt. e. 37. c. 38. c. 39.

Regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, &c.

For relief of insolvent Debtors in regard to imprisonment. Explaining an Act respecting Tithes.

Continuing several Acts for encouragement of the Coast Fisheries. Amending the Laws for Regulation of Lottery Offices, &c.

Preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, &c.

Raising a certain Sum to defray extraordinary Expenses.

Improving the Post Roads in the Kingdom.

Confirming Grants made by Patents under the Great Seal of England.

431

of the Irish 1 lament repealed by P!?& 43 Vict. c. 24. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

J(,Seo. 3. (»»<) c 4a, c. 41. c. 42. c. 45. For relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves. Amending the Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue. Regulating the Baking Trade. Acceptance of Office of Lord Justice or Chief Governor of the Kingdom by the Speaker of the House of Commons shall not vacate his seat in Parliament.

o. 46. 36 Geo. 3. c. 1. in pt. c. 2. c. 3. For better promulgating the Statute Law of this Kingdom. Securing the Payment of certain Annuities, &c. Granting certain Duties, &c. Regulating payment of Bounties on Exportation of certain Manufactures.

c. 5. c. 6. Continuing an Act for facilitating Trade and Intercourse with America. Indemnifying certain Persons who have acted for Preservation of the

c. 8. Public Peace, &c. Enabling the Lord Lieutenant and Council to prohibit Exportation of Corn, &c.

c. 9. c. io: c. Hi c. 12. in pt. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. For Regulation of public Infirmaries or Hospitals. Granting Duties upon Hides and Skins, &c. Granting Duties of Postage. Amending an Act for regulating the Duties of County Treasurer, &c. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion. Granting Duties on Fire-hearths. Directing the Application of Five thousand five hundred Pounds granted to the Dublin Sociefy.

c. 17. c. 18. Granting certain Stamp Duties. Empowering the Commissioners of the Revenue to erect Lighthouses around the Coasts.

c. 19. c. 21. c. 22. c. 23. Prohibiting the Exportation of Candles, Tallow, and Soap. For Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties on Exportation of Sugar. Rendering more effectual the Laws for regulation of Barracks, &c. Amending certain Rules made by the Lord Lieutenant for better regulation of Cities, Towns, &c.

c. 24. c. 26. in pt. Defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia. Increasing the Salaries of the Chief Justices and other Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, &c.

c. 28. Empowering Millers, Maltsters, &c. bringing Com and Malt to Dublin to receive bounty thereon, &c.

-c. 31. |!| Discontinuing the Judgment required by Law to be given against Women convicted of certain Crimes, &c.

c. 34. Making perpetual the Law's for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, &c.

c. 36. C; 38. in pt. c. 39. c. 40. For the more effectually keeping the Public Roads in repair. Preventing vexatious Replevins of Distresses for Rent. Limiting the Jurisdiction of Sheriffs. Regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by retail.

c. 41. Enabling Guardians of Minors to demise or sell Grounds for the purpose of Court-houses or Gaols.

c.42. Preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, &c.

c. 43. Enabling the Lord Lieutenant to prohibit the Export of Bread and

c. 46. c. 49. c. 53. c. 55. c. 56. Biscuit, &c. For relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves. Raising a certain Sum to defray extraordinary Expenses. Enabling His Majesty to grant certain Annuities. For the amendment of Publick Roads, &c. Establishing a Method for Payment of Half-pay to certain Naval Officers, &c.

c. 57. in pt. Further improving and carrying on of Inland Navigations, &c.

Act of the Irish Parliament repealed by | 42 & 43 Vict. c. 24. j Subject-matter of Act repealed.

37 Geo. 3. c. 1. Empowering the Lord Lieutenant to apprehend and detain Persons suspected of conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government.

c. 2. Encouraging and disciplining such Corps of Men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for Defence of the Kingdom.

c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. Granting certain Duties. Securing the Payment of certain Annuities. Regulating the Payment of Bounties on Exportation of certain Manufactures.

c. 6. c.7. c. 8. c. 9. c. 10. For Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties on Exportation of Sugar. Defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia. Granting the Duties upon Hides and Skins, &c. Granting Duties on Fire-hearths. Enabling certain Inhabitants of County of Armagh to recover Com-

c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. c. 17. pensation for Injuries by Presentment. Granting Duties of Postage. Granting certain Stamp Duties. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion. Preventing the excessive Price of Refined Sugar. Continuing an Act for facilitating Trade and Intercourse with America. Regulating the Trade of a Distiller, &c. Enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to conduct the working of a Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow.

c. 18. c. 20. c. 21. in pt. c. 23. Preventing Exactions upon the Sale of Salt. Making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of Militia. Amending the Game Laws. Extending certain Regulations to Presentments exceeding Two hundred Pounds to be expended on Mail Coach Roads.

c. 24. c. 27. For the further Advancement of Agriculture. Vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners to be applied to the reduction of the National Debt.

c. 28. c. 31. Granting a Duty on Auctions, &c. .For the more secure Importation of certain Goods and Materials of Manufacture.

c. 32. c. 33. c. 35. c. 36. c. 37. c. 39. Raising by Loan certain Sums for service of the year 1797. &c. Collecting and securing the Revenue upon Malt. Amending an Act with respect to Roads through Bogs. Preventing the vexatious Impounding of Cattle for Trespass. Amending an Act for erecting Parochial Chapels r>f Ease, &c. Indemnifying such Persons as have acted for Preservation of the Public Peace, &c.

c. 40. s. 4. For better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving His Majesty from their Duty.

c. 41. Directing the Application of Five thousand five hundred Pounds granted to the Dublin Society.

c. 43. For Relief of Persons who nave omitted to pay certain Stamp Duties.

c. 44. c. 46. c. 47. in pt. For preservation of Estates belonging to Parishes. Regulating the Trade of Rectifying of Spirits, &c. For further Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parlia--ment.

c. 48. c. 50. in pt. For Relief of Confined Debtors who may be Insolvent. Extending the Provisions of an Act for establishing the Bank of Ireland.

c. 51. c. 52. & c. 53. c- 54. ss. 1-10. Continuing Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank. Regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee. Regulating the Export, Import, and Sale of certain Articles. Enabling the Proprietors of Government Debentures to convert them into Stock transferable at the Bank of Ireland.

c. 57. For Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves.

Effect of Legislation.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

433

Act of the Irish , jiament repealed by

>*ff« VAc.24.

fSeo. 3. (<*>»')

31 c. 58. s. 1.

c. 59.

c. 60.

c. 62.

c. 63.

38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 3.

c. 4. c. 5. c. 6.

c. 8.

c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12.

c. 13. c. 14.

c. 15. c. 16. c. 17.

e. 18. c. 19.

c. 20.

c. 23. c. 24.

c. 26. s. 1.

o. 27. o. 30.

c. 32. c. 33. c. 35.

c. 37. c. 38.

c. 42.

c. 43.

c. 45.

r c. 46.

[Ao. 28. Price

. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

Amending the Laws relating to Hackney and other Carriages in the City of Dublin, &c.

Granting to Commissioners for making wide Streets in Dublin certain Sums.

Enabling His Majesty to grant a Pension to the Princess Royal upon Her Marriage with the Prince of Wirtemburgh.

Enabling His Majesty to grant an Annuity in Trust for Sarah Hamilton, Widow of the Reverend Doctor William Hamilton.

Enabling His Majesty to grant an Annuity in Trust for Alicia Knipe, Widow of the Reverend George Knipe.

Defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia. Repealing so much of a certain Act as relates to accounting for Public Money in the County of Tyrone.

Permitting the Importation of Portugal Salt into this Kingdom. Granting certain Duties.

Regulating Payment of Bounties on Exportation of certain Manufactures.

Continuing an Act for Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving His Majesty from their Duty.

Granting Duties on Fire-hearths.

Securing the Payment of certain Annuities, &c.

Continuing an Act for collecting and securing the Revenue upon Malt. Continuing an Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, &c.

Continuing an Act for facilitating Trade and Intercourse with America. Continuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant to apprehend Persons suspected of conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government.

Granting Duties of Postage.

Continuing an Act establishing Regulations as to Aliens, &e.

Enabling His Majesty to receive voluntary Contributions for Defence of the Kingdom.

Granting certain Stamp Duties.

Indemnifying such Persons a3 have acted for the Preservation of the Public Peace.

Shortening the Time for giving Notice of the Meeting of Parliament,

&c.

Granting Duties upon Hides and Skins, &c.

Securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, and on Glass Bottles, &c.

Empowering the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the County of Dublin to hold Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, &c. Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Amending an Act enabling His Majesty to grant a Pension to the Princess Royal.

Raising certain Sums by Loan as a Supply to His Majesty.

Raising certain Sums by Loan as a Supply to His Majesty.

For better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

Making Provision for quartering Foreign Troops.

Enabling Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer for Dublin to hold Sessions during the Terra.

For Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties on Exportation of Sugar,

&c.

Directing the Application of Five thousand five hundred Pounds granted to the Dublin Society.

Regulating the Collection of the Duties on Male Servants, and for better Collection of the Duties on Fire-hearths, &c.

For Government of the Militia of Great Britain serving in Ireland.

|g| E e

38 Geo. 3. (cont.)

c. 48.

c. 52. c. 55. c. 56. s. 1., 3. c. 58.

c. 59.

c. 60. c. 61.

c. 63. c. 64.

c. 66.

c. 67.

c. 68.

c. 69.

c. 70. c. 74.

c. 76. c. 78.

c. 79. in pt. c. 80. c. 81.

39 Geo. 3. c. 1, c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. C. 7. c. 8. c. 10. c. 11.

e. 12. c. 13. c. 14. c. 15. c. 18. c-19. in pt. c. 20.

c. 21. c. 22. c. 23. c. 24.

Preventing the Desertion of Seamen from Ships trading between this Kingdom and the West Indies.

Regulating the Trade of Rectifying Spirits, &c.

An Act for the King's Most Gracious general and free Pardon.

For better Regulation and Examination of Public Accounts.

Enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to receive from the Commissioners of the Treasury in England a certain Sum by way of Loan.

Removing Doubts respecting the Property in the Service of Persons transported.

For quieting Corporations.

Better enforcing the Execution of the Act for the Trial of controverted Elections, &c.

Continuing an Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, &c. Authorising the Payment of Five thousand Pounds as a further supply to the Foundling Hospital and Workhouse in Dublin.

Enabling His Majesty to grant an Annuity to Robert Boyd for Services as Judge.

Continuing an Act to regulate the Export, Import, and Sale of certain Articles.

Appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Losses of Sufferer's during the Rebellion.

Enabling His Majesty to grant an Annuity to the Prince of Mecklenburgh Strelitz.

Settling an Annuity on Adam Viscount Duncan.

Indemnifying Persons who have acted for the preservation of the Public Peace.

For Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves. Preventing Persons who have been banished on account of the Rebellion from returning to His Majesty's Dominions.

Authorising the issue of Treasury Bills for the Grand Canal. Compelling Persons engaged in the Rebellion to surrender themselves. Authorising the Payment of certain Sums for defraying the expense of reprinting the Journals of the House of Commons.

Defraying the charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia. Regulating Payment of Bounties on Exportation of certain Manufactures.

Indemnifying Persons who have acted for the Preservation of the Public Peace.

Continuing an Act respecting Aliens, &c.

Granting certain Stamp Duties.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Securing the Payment of certain Annuities, &c.

Granting certain Duties.

Granting Duties of Postage.

For Suppression of the Rebellion, and Protection of His Majesty's Subjects.

Granting Duties on Fire-hearths.

Continuing an Act for facilitating Trade and Intercourse with America. Enabling Ecclesiastical Persons to recove»Compensation for Tithes. Granting certain Window Duties.

For Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves.

For repairing of Cathedral Churches in certain cases.

Continuing an Act regulating the Duties on Male Servants, Fire-hearths, &c.

Continuing an Act for Regulating the Import, Export, &c. of Coffee. Continuing an Act for regulating the Tobacco Trade.

Granting Duties on Beer, Ale, and Spirits imported.

Amending an Act passed to secure the collection of Auction Duties,

Ken Repealed by Kf vS c. 24.

c. 25.

c. 26. c. 27. c. 28. c. 29.

c. 30. c. 31.

c. 32. c. 34. c. 35. c. 36.

e. 37.

c. 38.

c. 39. c. 42. c. 43. c. 44. c. 45.

c. 50.

c. 54. c. 56.

c. 58. c. 59. in pt. c. 60. in pt. c. 61. c. 62. c. 64.

c. 65.

40_Geo. 3. c. 1.

c. 2. ' c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 8. c. 10.

p. 11.

c. 12. c. 13. c. 14.

c. 15. c. 16.

c. 17.

c. 18.

Enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to receive a Loan from the Commissioners of the Treasury in England, &c. Amending the several Acts relating to the providing of Barracks.

For reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties on Exportation of Sugar. Extending an Act for quieting Corporations.

Continuing an Act amending the Acts for Improvement and Extension of the Coast Fisheries.

Amending the Laws relating to the Militia.

Empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of the Militia to be employed in Great Britain, &c.

Granting Duties on Sweets, Made-wines, &c.

Amending an Act for collecting and securing the Revenue upon Malt. Granting Duties on certain Licenses.

Amending an Act prohibiting the return of Persons who have been Banished or Transported.

Regulating the Manufacture and Sale of Gunpowder.

Continuing an Act for better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

For better Collection of the Duties on Hides and Skins, &c.

Granting certain Duties on Paper.

Granting Duties on Goat Skins exported.

For Relief of Persons who have omitted to pay certain Stamp Duties. Directing the Application of Five thousand five hundred Pounds granted to the Dublin Society.

Amending an Act for indemnifying certain Persons who have acted in the Preservation of the Peace, &e.

For regulating the Drawback and Bounty on Exportation of Sugar. Amending an Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, &c.

Amending an Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, &c. Enabling His Majesty's Forces to pass through Turnpikes Toll free.

For better Regulation of Stockbrokers.

Continuing the several Laws relating to the curing of Hides, &c. Granting Duties on Game Certificates.

Raising certain Sums, and authorising issue thereof towards expenses of the Militia.

Carrying into execution an Act for inquiring into the losses of Persons who have rendered Service by Discovery of Traitors.

Enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia, &c.

Reviving an Act of last Session, for Suppression of the Rebellion, &c. Securing the payment of certain Annuities.

Granting certain Duties.

For Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves.

Prohibiting the making of Malt and distilling of Spirits.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Granting Duties of Postage.

Granting certain Stamp Duties.

Continuing an Act for amending the Acts for Improvement of the Coast Fisheries.

Defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia.

Continuing an Act for facilitating Trade and Intercourse with America. Ascertaining the Stock of Foreign Wines belonging to Dealers, and securing Duties thereon, &c.

Continuing an Act establishing Regulations respecting Aliens, &c.

Granting certain Stamp Duties.

Continuing an Act for better regulation of the Silk Manufacture.

Empowering the Lord Lieutenant to apprehend Persons suspected of conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government.

40 Geo. 3. (cont.)

c. 19.

c. 20. s. 15., 16.

c. 22. s. 2. c. 23. c. 25. c. 27. s. 4. c. 28.

c. 29. in pt.

c. 31.

c. 33. in pt.

c. 34. c. 38. in pt. c. 39.

c. 42. c. 43. c. 44.

c. 45. c. 46. c. 49.

c. 50,

c. 51. in pt.

c. 52.

c. 53. c. 54.

c. 55.-c. 56. c. 57. c. 58.

c. 59.

c. 60.

c. 62. in pt.

c. 63.

c. 67. c. 69. in pt. c. 70. c. 78. c. 79. C. 80. S. 6.

c. 81. ' c. 83.

Enacting that part of a certain Act of the Parliament of England in the Eighth of Richard the Second shall not continue to be of force in Ireland.

Regulating Payment of Bounties on exportation of certain Manufactures.

For relief of Bankers who have stopped payment.

Quieting claims of Tythe Agistment for dry and barren Cattle. Granting an Additional Duty on Refined Sugars imported.

For Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of Ireland. Amending an Act to prohibit the making of [Malt and Distilling of Spirits.

Regulating the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, shall be summoned and returned.

Directing the Application of Five thousand five hundred Pounds to the Dublin Society.

For better Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

Granting certain Allowances to Bodies Corporate and Individuals.

For the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

For the more speedy Correction of erroneous Judgments in the Courts of Law.

For Relief of Confined Debtors who may be Insolvent.

Better regulating the Collection of the Revenue.

Preventing Persons from returning to His Majesty's Dominions who have been Transported, &c. on Account of Rebellion.

Granting Excise Duties on Foreign Wines, &c.

Amending an Act for confirming certain Grants.

Amending several Acts for appointing Commissioners to inquire into Losses suffered by loyal Subjects during the Rebellion.

Granting certain Annuities to Officers and Attendants of both Houses of Parliament.

For granting Five hundred thousand Pounds for Promoting Inland Navigation, &c.

Regulating the Collection of Rates and Duties in respect of Fire-Hearths, Coaches, &c.

Enabling His Majesty to grant certain Annuities.

Amending several Laws for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Wine, Ale, and Spirituous Liquors.

Encouraging the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar.

Continuing an Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits. Continuing an Act for collecting and securing the Duty on Malt. Amending two Acts prohibiting the making of Malt and distilling of Spirits.

Amending an Act relating to the Stamp Duties.

Granting a Supply out of the Consolidated Fund to be applied to certain Purposes.

Amending the several Laws for regulating the Watch in the District of the Metropolis, &c.

For better regulation of and securing the Duties payable on certain Licenses.

Regulating the Trade of a Distiller, &c.

Enabling His Majesty to grant certain Annuities.

Discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents. Amending an Act relating to weighing and delivery of Bark imported. Obliging Ships more effectually to perform then Quarantine, &c. Amending an Act for further regulation of the election of Members to serve in Parliament.

Enabling ecclesiastical Persons to recover Compensation for Tithes. Facilitating the building and re-building of Churches and Chapels.

437

I K$t the IrJ8h 1 liient repealed by K 43 Vict. c. 24. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

] 40 Geo. 3. (conj ) _ I c. 84. in pt. Repealing an Act for establishing a School of Physic in the Kingdom, &c.

c. 86. Continuing an Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, &c.

c. 87. c. 88. Amending two Acts relating to the collection of certain Duties. Amending an Act for repair of Public Roads, and explaining an Act for holding Vestries in the Province of Ulster, &c.

c. 89. Indemnifying Persons who have acted for the Preservation of the Public Peace.

c. 91. Empowering Colonels of the Militia to continue in the Service men entitled to their discharge.

c. 96. Reviving, amending, &c., certain temporary Statutes.

