THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

FORTY-SIXTH AND FORTY-SEVENTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1883:

WITH

A COPIOUS INDEX, TABLES,

&c.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY GEORGE EDWARD EYRE AND WILLIAM SPOTTISWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:

And Published in Numbers, Price 2d. each,

AT THE QUEEN'S PRINTING OFFICE, EAST HARDING STREET,

NEAR FLEET STREET.

1883.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Fourth Session of the Twenty-Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

1. An Act to amend the Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption) Act, 1873. 1

2. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four. 2

3. An Act to amend the Law relating to Explosive Substances. 3

4. An Act for enabling the Trustees and Director of the National Gallery to lend Works of Art to other Public Galleries in the United Kingdom. 6

5. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four. 7

6. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. 8

7. An Act to amend the Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879. 12

8. An Act to amend the Glebe Loans (Ireland) Acts. 16

9. An Act to make further provision for taking dues for repairing and improving the Harbours in the Isle of Man. 16

10. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue. 20

11. An Act to provide for Expenses incurred by Guardians of the Poor in relation to Poor Law Conferences. 23

12. An Act to amend the Act for the Prevention of Crime in Ireland, 1882, as to the Audience of Solicitors. 23

13. An Act to apply the sum of five million nine hundred and seventy-three thousand nine hundred and twelve pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four. 24

14. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Pay and Pensions of the Royal Irish Constabulary and the Police Force of Dublin Metropolis and for other purposes. 24

15. And Act to amend the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. 30

16. An Act to grant a sum of money to Admiral Baron Alcestor, G.C.B., in consideration of his eminent services. 37

17. An Act to grant a sum of money to General Baron Wolseley of Cairo G.C.B., G.C.M.G., in consideration of his eminent services.

18. An Act to make provision respecting certain Municipal Corporations and other Local Authorities not subject to the Municipal Corporation Act.

19. An Act to amend the Medical Act (1858).

20. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Registry of Deeds Office, Ireland.

21. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

22. An Act to carry into effect an International Convention concerning the Fisheries in the North Sea, and to amend the laws relating to British Fisheries.

23. An Act to apply the sum of fifteen million one hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hundred and seven pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

24. An Act to make temporary provision for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

25. An Act to explain and amend the thirty-second section of the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877.

26. An Act to promote the Sea Fisheries of Ireland. 81

27. An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes.

28. An Act to amend the Companies Acts, 1862 and 1867. 91

29. An Act to consolidate the Accounting Departments of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and for other purposes. 93

30. An Act to authorise Companies registered under the Companies Act, 1861 to keep Local Registers of their Members in British Colonies.

31. An Act to prohibit the Payment of Wages to Workmen in Public-houses and certain other places. 98

32. An Act to make further provision respecting the application of the Revenues of Greenwich Hospital, and for other purposes.

33. An Act to amend the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874. 101

34. An Act to amend the Law relating to Railway Passenger Duty, and to amend and consolidate the Law relating to the conveyance of the Queen's Forces by Railway. 101

35. An Act to make better provision as regards the Metropolis for the isolation and treatment of persons suffering from Cholera and other Infectious Diseases; and for other purposes. 105

36. An Act to provide for the better application and management of the Parochial Charities of the City of London.

37. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, and to make provision with respect to the support of public sewers and sewage works in mining districts. 126

38. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Trial and Custody of Insane Persons charged with offences. 128

39. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

40. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

41. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1880, with respect to fishing vessels and apprenticeship to the sea fishing service and otherwise.

42. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and the Irish Land Commission; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Commissioners, and for other purposes.

43. An Act for promoting the extension of Tramway communication in Ireland, and for assisting Emigration, and for extending certain provisions of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, to the case of Public Companies. 207

44. An Act to explain the effect of Section One hundred and ninety-five of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. 218

45. An Act for preventing the Sale of Medals resembling Current Coin. 219

46. An act to suspend for a limited period, on account of Corrupt Practices, the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for crtain cities and boroughs. 219

47. An Act to extend the power of Nomination in Friendly and Industrial, &c. Societies, and to make further provision for cases of Intestacy in respect of Personal Property of small amount. 220

48. An Act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals. 223

49. An Act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing various Enactments relating to Civil Procedure or matters connected therewith, and for amending in some respects the Law relating to Civil Procedure. 225

50. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 227

51. An Act for the better prevention of Corrupt and Illegal Practices at Parliamentary Elections. 242

52. An Act to amend and consolidate the Law of Bankruptcy. 285

53. An Act to amend the Law relating to certain Factories and Workshops. 347

54. An Act to make further provision respecting the National Debt, and the Investment of Moneys in the hands of the Notional Debt Commissioners on account of Savings Banks, and otherwise. 351

55. An Act to amend the law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue, and to make other provisions respecting charges payable out of the public revenue, and for other purposes. 358

56. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Education in Scotland, and for other purposes connected therewith. 347

57. An Act to amend and consolidate the Law relating to Patents for Inventions, Registration of Designs, and of Trade Marks. 370

58. An Act to amend the Post Office (Money Orders) Acts, 1848 and 1880, and extend the same to Her Majesty's Dominions out of the United Kingdom. 404

59. An Act to make better provision for the Prevention of outbreaks of formidable epidemic, endemic, or infections diseases, and to amend the Public Health Act, England, 1875, and the Public Health Act, Ireland, 1878. 407

60. An Act to better the condition of Labourers in Ireland. 408

61. An Act for amending the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings in England. 418

62. An Act for amending the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings in Scotland.

[Partial table of acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

46 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to amend the Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption) Act, 1873.

[20th March 1888.]

---

WHEREAS by the Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges 36 & 37 Vict. Redemption) Act, 1873, the Treasury are authorised, as re-.c'5'' gards certain annuities as defined by that Act'which are charged on the Consolidated Fund, or moneys provided by Parliament, to contract t'or their redemption by payment of a capital sum out of moneys provided by Parliament not exceeding the sum therein mentioned, or by the transfer of Government securities instead of the payment of a sum of money:

And whereas by section twenty-three of the Revenue Friendly 45 & 46 Vict Societies and National Debt Act, 1882, the Treasury were autho- c' 72‘ rised, for the purpose of the redemption of such of the said annuities as were payable to ecclesiastical corporations in England, to borrow the required capital sum or annuities from the National Debt Commissioners; and to repay the loan by a terminable annuity:

And whereas it is expedient to* give the like authority for the purpose of the redemption of others of the said annuities:

Be it therefeiffefi&cted by the "Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with tile advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tie authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Consolidated Construction

Fund (Perinanent Charges Redemption) Act, 1878. shmftMe

This Act may,. together with that Act, be cited as the Consoli- 36°& 37 Vict. dated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption) Acts, 1873 and 1883, e. 57. and may be' cited; alone, as the Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption) Act, 1883.

2. (J-0 .The Treasury may from time to time borrow froimthe Advance of National .Debt Commissioners, and those<Commissioners may lend redemption out of the funds in their iiands omaccount of Trustee or Post Nation^Debt Office Savings Banks, such capital sum !or such .Government seed-Commissioners rities as maybe necessary for the purpose of carrying into effect

any contract made in pursuance of the Consolidated Fund (Per- annuity. * 6 manent Charges Redemption) Act, 1873, for the redemption of any 36 & 87 Vict. annuity as defined by that Act. - a. 0.57.

(2,) For the purpose of repaying any such loan, the Treasury may create, in favour of the National Debt Commissioners, a terminable annuity for the period of ten years from the date of the loan, to be calculated with interest at the rate of nob less than three and a quarter per cent, per annum.

2 CulXCm8olidatedFund (PermanientChavgesRedem2ition)MV ict .J

(3.) Such annuity shall be notified by certificate under the hand of the Comptroller or Assistant Comptroller and the Actuary of the National Debt Office, and shall be charged upon the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof.

Definitions. 3. In this Act —

The expression " National Debt Commissioners " means the Commissioners for the reduction of the National Debt.

The expression " Treasury " means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

[20th March 1883.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and dp therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, *by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Issue of 1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time j

~.of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United King- the Consoii- dom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making goodJ dated Fund for the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years.; the ^earsTend ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hun-j ing 3ist March dred and eighty-two and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-^ 1892 and 1883. three the sum of two million two hundred and thirty-three thousand j nine hundred and fifty-eight pounds nine shillings and eightpence.- ? Issue of 2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time.

offh/consoif being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United King-dated Fundfor dom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the service of the supply granted to Her Majesty for "the service of the year 8my Marchd,Dg en<bng on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred 1884. and eighty-four, the sum of four million one hundred and twenty^-

one thousand three hundred pounds.

Power to the 3. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to Treasury to time, on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of six million three hundred and fifty-five thousand two hundred and fifty-eight pounds nine shillings and eightpence, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest

1883. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1883. Ch. 2,3. 3

not' exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. T) Short Me. Act, 1883.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Explosive Substances. [10th April 1888.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Explosive Substances Act, 1883. Short title.

2. Any person'who unlawfully and maliciously causes by any Punishment explosive substance an explosion of a nature likely to endanger life for causing or to cause serious injury to property shall, whether any injury to Kkei^to'en-person . or property has been actually caused or not, be guilty of danger life or felony, and on conviction shall - be liable to penal servitude for property, life, or for any less term (not less than the minimum term allowed by law), or to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding two years.

3. Any person who within or (being a subject of Her Majesty) Punishment for without Her Majesty's dominions unlawfully and maliciously — - attempt to (a.) does any act with intent to cause by an explosive substance, sfo^OTfor or conspires to cause by an explosive substance an explosion making or in the United Kingdom of a nature likely to endanger life or peeping exploit cause serious injury to property; or , : .. tent radan-

(6.) makes or has in his possession or under his control any ger life or pro-explosive substance with intent by means thereof to endanger Perf7-life, or cause serious injury to property in the United Kingdom, or to enable any rothlr person by means thereof to endanger life or cause serious injury to property in the United Kingdmn, shall; whether any explosion does or not take place, and whether any injury to person or property has been actually caused or not; be guilty of felony, and on conviction shall be liable to penal servitude for a term not exceeding; twenty years, or to imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding two. years, and the explosive substance shall be forfeited.

4. (1.) Any person who makes Or knowingly has in his posses- Punishment for sion Or under: his control any. explosive substance, under such circumstances^ as to give rise to a reasonable suspicion that he is explosivTunder not making it or does not have it in his possession Or under., his suspicious cir-eontrdl.for a lawful, atgect, shall, unless he can show that he made cumstanoes> v, itrl or; had it in his possession or under his control for. a lawful objectnbe. guilty of felony, and, on conviction; shall be liable to

4

46 Vict.

Punishment of accessories.

Inquiry by Attorney General, and apprehension of absconding witnesses.

Ch. 3. Explosive Substances Act, 1883.

penal servitude for a term not exceeding fourteen years, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years with or without hard labour, and the explosive substance shall be forfeited.

(2.) In any proceeding against any person for a crime under this section, such person and his wife, or husband, as the case may be, may, if such person thinks fit, be called, sworn, examined, and cross-examined as an ordinary witness in the case.

5. Any person who within or (being a subject of Her Majesty) without Her Majesty's dominions by the supply of or solicitation for money, the providing of premises, the supply of materials, or in any manner whatsoever, procures, counsels, aids, abets, or is accessory to, the commission of any crime under this Act, shall be guilty of felony, and shall be liable to be tried and punished for that crime, as if he had been guilty as a principal.

6. (1.) Where the Attorney General has reasonable ground to believe that any crime under this Act has been committed, he may order an inquiry under this section, and thereupon any justice for the county, borough, or place in which the crime was committed or is suspected to have been committed, who is authorised in that behalf by the Attorney General, may, although no person may be charged before him with the commission of such crime, sit at a police court, or petty sessional or occasional court-house, or police station in the said county, borough, or place, and examine on oath concerning such crime any witness appearing before him, and may take the deposition of such witness, and, if he see cause, may bind such witness by recognizance to appear and give evidence at the next petty sessions, or when called upon within three months from the date of such recognizance; and the law relating to the compelling of the attendance of a witness before a justice, and to a witness attending before a justice and required to give evidence concerning the matter of an information or complaint, shall apply to compelling the attendance of a witness for examination and to a witness attending under this section.

(2.) A witness examined under this section shall not be excused from answering any question on the ground that the answer thereto may criminate, or tend to criminate, himself; but any statement made by any person in answer to any question put to him on any examination under this section shall not, except in the case of an indictment or other criminal proceeding for perjury, be admissible in evidence against him in any proceeding, civil or criminal.

(3.) A justice who conducts the examination under this section of a person concerning any crime shall not take part in the committing for trial of such person for such crime.

(4.) Whenever any person is bound by recognizance to give evidence before justices, or any criminal court, in respect of any crime under this Act, any justice, if he sees fit, upon information being made in writing, and on oath, that such person is about to abscond, or has absconded, may issue his warrant for the arrest of such person, and if such person is arrested any justice, upon being satisfied that the ends of justice would otherwise be defeated, may commit such person to prison until the time at which he is bound by such recognizance to give evidence, unless in the meantime he produces sufficient sureties: Provided that any person so arrested

5

1883. Explosive Substances Act, 1883. Ch. 3.

shall be entitled on demand to receive a copy of the information upon which the warrant for his arrest was issued.

7. (1.) If any person is charged before a justice with any crime No prosecution

under this Act, no further proceeding shall be taken against such except byleave person without the consent of the Attorney General, except such as General?167 the justice may think necessary by remand, or otherwise, to secure Procedure and the safe custody of such person. saving.

(2.) In framing an indictment the same criminal act may be charged in different counts as constituting different crimes under this Act, and upon the trial of any such indictment the prosecutor shall not be put to his election as to the count on which he must proceed.

(3.) For all purposes of and incidental to arrest, trial, and punishment, a crime for which a person is liable to be punished under this Act, when committed out of the United Kingdom, shall be deemed to have been committed in the place in which such person is apprehended or is in custody.

(4.) This Act shall not exempt any person from any indictment or proceeding for a crime or offence which is punishable at common law, or by any Act of Parliament other than this Act, but no person shall be punished twice for the same criminal act.

8. (1.) Sections seventy-three, seventy-four, seventy-five, eighty- Search for and

nine, and ninety-six of the Explosives Act, 1875, (which sections seizure of ex-relate to the search for, seizure, and detention of explosive substances, su

aild the forfeiture thereof, and the disposal of explosive substances 38 & 39 Vict. seized or forfeited), shall apply in like manner as if a crime or for- 17> feiture under this Act were an offence or forfeiture under the Explosives Act, 1875.

(2.) Where the master or owner of any vessel has reasonable cause to suspect that any dangerous goods or goods of a dangerous nature which, if found, he would be entitled to throw overboard in pursuance of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1873, are concealed on 36 & 37 Vict. board his vessel, he may search any part of such vessel for such c- 85* goods, and for the purpose of such search may, if necessary, break open any box, package, parcel, or receptacle on board the vessel, and such master or owner, if he finds any such dangerous goods or goods of a dangerous nature shall be entitled to deal with the same in manner provided by the said Act, and if he do not find the same, he shall not be subject to any liability, civil or criminal, if it appears to the tribunal before which the question of his liability is raised that he had reasonable cause to suspect that such goods were so concealed as aforesaid.

9. (1.) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — Definitions, and

The expression " explosive substance " shall be deemed to include aPP|j^on to

any materials for making any explosive substance; also any 00 an ‘ apparatus, machine, implement, or materials used, or intended to be used, or adapted for causing, or aiding in causing, any explosion in or with any explosive substance; also any part of any such apparatus, machine, or implement.

The expression " Attorney General " means Her Majesty's Attorney General for England or Ireland, as the case may be, and in case of his inability or of a vacancy in the office, Her

6 Ch. 3, 4. Explosive Substances Act, 1883. 46 Vict.

Majesty's Solicitor General for England or Ireland, as the case j requires.

(2.) In the application of this Act to- Scotland the following! modifications shall be made:

The expression "Attorney General" shall be deemed to mean the] Lord Advocate, and in case of his inability or of a vacancy in the office, Her Majesty's Solicitor General for Scotland.

The expression "petty sessional court house" shall be deemeds to mean the sheriff court.

The expression " felony " shall be deemed to mean a high crime and offence.

The expression " recognizance " shall be deemed to mean juratory: - caution.

The expression "justice " shall include sheriff and sheriff-sub? stitute.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act for enabling the Trustees and Director of the 1 National Gallery ta lend Works of Art to other Publiq l Galleries in the United Kingdom. [10th April 1883.] 1

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and] Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and 9 . by the authority of the same, as follows:$

Short title. 1- This Act may be cited for all purposes as the National Gallery ] (Loan) Act, 1883.

Power of trus- 2. Any two or more of the trustees, together with the director of 1 tees and direc- the National Gallery, present at any meeting specially assembled] tktureg°nd ^or the purpose by fourteen days previous notice, may from time'| works of art. to time order that any pictures or works of art belonging to theiri'j or under their control which in their opinion can be spared from j the national collection shall be lent to any public gallery authorised ! by this Act.

Conditions of 3. Any loan of pictures or works of art in pursuance of this Act! loan. shall be made for such time and subject to such conditions as any |

two or more of the said trustees, together with the director, present! at any such meeting as aforesaid may determine; provided that any I profits, which after payment of all expenses may be derived from j any exhibition of pictures or works of art at any gallery to which a loan may be made under this Act, shall be devoted altogether to the promotion of science and art.

Exception ns 4. Pictures and works of art which have been acquired by the, to certain said trustees and director under any gift or bequest shall not be lent

work^of^rt " Pursuance of this Act until the expiration of fifteen years from

0 a the date at which such pictures or works of art came into the pos-: session of such trustees and director; and where any Such gift or; bequest is made oh condition that the articles so given or bequeathed should be kept together, or otherwise subject to a. condition inconsistent with the same being lent, such pictures and works of art shall not be lent in pursuance of this Act until .the expiration of

7

Nabioiial Gallery (Loan) Ad, 1883. Ch. 4, 5.

twenty-five years from the date at which such pictures or works of art came into the possession of such trustees and director.

5. In this Act — Definitions-

. The expression "public gallery authorised by this Act " means any gallery situate in the United Kingdom belonging to or under the control of Government or of any municipal authority or of any society or body approved by any two or more of the said trustees of the National Gallery together with the director

The expression " municipal authority " means the common council of the City of London, the Metropolitan Board of Works, the town council of any municipal borough in England or Ireland, the town council or police commissioners of any royal burgh in Scotland, also any other local authority which may be approved by any two or more of the said trustees" of the National Gallery together with the director.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

[10th April 1883.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the I-Goinmons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled,^towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully gratit^d fe ^ottr Majesty in ‘this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most "humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent Of the-Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows ?

1. The #ommissibnef^df Her Majestyl Treasury for the time issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated'' Fubd' ol^the ‘ United Kirigfdofh Of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making dated Fuufifor good the supply granted lb; Her Majesty Jfor the ‘service; of the the service of year'ending on the thirty-first day of March .on* thousand hundred and eighty-four;'the sum of six million two hundred and ml*, forty thousand one hundred pounds.

. A The tammissioner^f the Treasury may borrow from time to Power to the tijfi^'on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding j^ro-w*710 in the whole the sum of six million two hundred and forty thousand one hundred pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding fiva.pounds- per centum per annum, .out of the growing produce Of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said inoneys were borrowed.

8

Short title.

& 45 Vict. 5$.

Oh. S, 6. Consolidated Fund (No, 2) -Act, 1883. 46 Vieif

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Con-, solidated Fund, and be-'available in any manner in which such? fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act,' 1883,

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Disci-! pline and Regulation of the Army. [26th April 1883.]

Peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law: i And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this i present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued fori the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the posses*! * sions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such] forces should consist of one hundred and thirty-seven thousand six hundred and thirty-two men, including those to be employed at the j dep6ts in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for thjB; training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive] of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian^ possessions:

And whereas it'is also judged necessary for the safety of the| United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, i that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's; forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb,?or; subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act, 1881, will expire —

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three; and

1883. Army (Aw/foual) Act, 1883. Ch. 6. 9

(&.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three; and

ip.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1883. short title.

2. — (1.) The Army Act, 1881, shall be and remain in force Army Act

during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless g4^*)4^ bein otherwise provided by Parliament; that is to say, force for speci-

. (a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the fied times.

Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, both inclusive m( and

(b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America,' from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, both inclusive; and

(c.Y .Elsewhere, whether within i or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three to "the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, both inclusive;

Ahd the day from which the Army Act, 1881, is continued in any place by this AdT is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Army Act, 1081, while in force shall apply to persons 44 & 45 Vict. subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's c-58* dominions.

(3.) A person subject fo military law shall not be exempted from 44 & 45 Vict. the provisions of the Army Act, 1881, by reason only that the °* S8‘ number of the forces' for the' time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall -be paid to the -keeper of avictualling hoii&e for Prices in

the accommodation proyid^d by him in pursuance of the Army Act, [®^eot ofbi1' 1881, the prices specified in the Schedule to this Act. 44 &45 vict

' < c. 68.

, Amendment# to} Army Act, 1881.

4. Whereas the words herein-after mentioned in section forty-six Amendment of of the Army Act, 1881, are superfluous, inasmuch as the offence 4V & is Vict. therein mentioned is an aggravated offence Of drunkenness, and it c. 68. as to

is expedient to omit the same: Be it therefore enacted as follows po-wer of com-

In section forty-six of the Army Act, 1881, the words "was " guilty of drunkenness after being warned for duty, or unless he " & shall be omitted from the third subsection.

46 Vict.

Ch. 6. Army (A nnual) Act, 1883.

Amendment of 5. Whereas by section eighty of the Army Act, 1881, provision s. so (4) of is made with respect to the recording of the answers of a recruit

0*58 astoCt i11 an attestation paper to the questions put to him, and with attestation respect to the signing and attesting of the attestation paper, and paper. doubts have arisen with respect to the application of the said

section to duplicates of such paper if duplicates are required by the regulations -of a Secretary of State under Part II. of the said Act, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

There shall be added to section eighty of the Army Act, 1881, after the sixth subsection the following enactment:

(7.) Where the regulations of a Secretary of State under this part of this Act require duplicate attestation papers to be signed and attested, this section shall apply to both such duplicates, and in the event of any amendment of an attestation paper the amendment shall be made in both of the duplicate attestation papers.

"®n^ment of . 6. Whereas by the second subsection of section ninety-four of 44 & 45 Vict. the Army Act, 1881, it is enacted that an officer while subject to c. 58. as to military law shall nob act as a justice of the peace for the purpose peace for the6 the attestation of soldiers:

purpose of And whereas militiamen can be attested before any officer as enlistment. well as before a justice of the peace, and it is expedient to make provision for the attestation of soldiers before officers : Be it therefore enacted as follows:

In section ninety-four of the Army Act, 1881, the words "an " officer in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, if authorised in that " behalf under the regulations of a Secretary of State also," shall be inserted before the words " every person exercising the office of a magistrate " in the first subsection; and the second subsection shall be omitted.

Amendment of 7. Whereas under section one hundred and forty-five of the 8 4*&5 r*" v-°t Army Act, 1881, it is provided that in the case either (a) of an c. 58. as order or decree made for payment by a soldier either of the cost of regards the the maintenance of his wife or child, or of any bastard child, or of ^ohU^to^'n C0S^ any relief given to his wife or child, by way of loan, tain his wife being sent to a Secretary of State, or (b) of it appearing to the and children, satisfaction of a Secretary of State-that a soldier has deserted or left in destitute circumstances, without reasonable cause, his wife or any of his legitimate children under fourteen years of age, the Secretary of State may- order a sum therein mentioned to be deducted from the daily pay of such soldier, and to be appropriated in the first case in liquidation of the sum adjudged to be paid by such order or decree, and in the second case towards the maintenance of such wife or children:$

And whereas it is expedient to make it obligatory on the Secretary of State to make the order in such cases: Be it therefore enacted as follows:$

In section one hundred and forty-five of the Army Act, 1881, the words " Secretary of State shall order " shall be substituted for the words | Seci'etary of State may order | in the second subsection. Amendment of 8. Whereas it is expedient to make further provision respecting 44a&245 Vict. tlle validity of orders of military authorities for the detention in

11

1883. Army (Annual) Act, 1883. . Ch. 6.

custody of persons subject to military law when on board ship: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

There shall be added to section one hundred and seventy-two of the Army Act, 1881, after the fourth subsection the following enactment —

(5.) Where a military convict, or a military prisoner, or a person who is subject to military law and charged with an offence, is a prisoner in military custody, and for the purpose of conveyance by sea is delivered on board a ship to the person in command of the ship or to any other person on board the ship acting under the authority of the commander, the order of the military authority which authorises the prisoner to be conveyed by sea shall be a sufficient authority to such person, and to the person for the time being in command of the ship, to keep the said prisoner in custody and convey him in accordance with the order, and the prisoner while so kept shall be deemed to be kept in military custody.

9. Whereas in section one hundred and seventy-five of the Amendment of

Army Act, 1881, which declares what persons shall be subject to ^J'vict. military law as officers, the first subsection is as follows : c. 58. as to

(1.) "Officers of the regular forces on full pay, and if not other- t^miUtairiaTr wise subject to military law, officers of the staff of the army, and officers employed on military service under the orders of an officer of the regular forces : "

And whereas, having regard to the terms of the Royal Warrant regulating the pay and promotion of the army, doubts have arisen with respect to the construction of the above enactment, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore enacted as follows:$

In section one hundred and seventy-five of the Army Act, 1881, the words " officers of the regular forces on the active list, within " the meaning of any Royal Warrant for regulating the pay and " promotion of the regular forces, and officers not on such active " list who are employed on military service under the orders of an " officer of the regular forces, who is subject to military law " shall be substituted for the first subsection (above recited).

10. Whereas by section one hundred and eighty-two of the Amendment of

Army Act, 1881, power is given to a court-martial to sentence a E-182- of . warrant officer to be suspended from rank, pay, and allowances, or toCt'

any of them, and injustice may arise if a warrant officer is Warrant sentenced to a suspension in any one of such cases, and not in all officers-

of them, and it is expedient to prevent the same:$

And whereas by the same section power is given to a court-martial to sentence a warrant officer to be transferred to a corps in the same arm or branch of the service, and in the same regimental rank as that in which he served immediately before his transfer to be warrant officer, and such power is unnecessary, as the power to order such transfer is by section eighty-three of the same Act vested in the competent military authority: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

In section one hundred and eighty-two of the Army Act, 1881, the words " or any of them " shall be omitted after the words " rank and pay and allowances " in the second subsection.

c. 58. respecting provisions as to warrants and orders of military authorities.

0K- g}7. Army (Annual) Act, 1883. 46 Vict.

In section one hundred and eighty-two of the Army Act, 1881, the words "or to he transferred to a corps in the same arm or " branch of the service and in the same rank as that in which he " served immediately before his transfer to be warrant officer j shall be omitted from the second subsection.

Printing of H. In all copies of the Army Act, 1881, which may be printed! amendments. commencement of this Act the words by this Act directed]

to be substituted for other words shall be printed therein in lieu of j the latter words, and the words directed by this Act to be added! shall be added thereto, and the words directed by this Act to be« omitted shall be omitted therefrom.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act, 1881. Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. Lodging and attendance for officer Twopence halfpenny . per, night. One shilling and one penny halfpenny each. Fourpence per day.

One shilling and ninepence< per day. Two shillings per nigUi.

Note. — Aji officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to amend the Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879.

[26th April 1883.] j

42 & 43 Vict. \\l WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Bills of Sale (Ireland) j c.5o. YY Act, 1879:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, tad Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority ' of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Bills of Said (Ireland) Act (1879) Amendment Act, 1883; and this Act and the Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879, may be cited together as the Bills of Sale (Ireland) Acts, 1879 and 1883.

Commence- 2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of August mento ct. on£ thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, which date is hereinafter referred to as the commencement of this Act.

Construction 3. The Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879, is herein-after referred 42 &°43 Vict 68 " the principal Act," and this Act shall, bo far as is consistent c. so. with the tenor thereof, be Construed as one with the principal Act;

but unless the context otherwise requires shall not apply to any bill of sale duly registered before, the commencement of this Act so

13

1883. Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act (1879) Amendment Act. Ch. 7.

long as the registration thereof is not avoided by non-renewal or otherwise.

The expression "bill of sale," and other expressions in this .Act,I have the same meaning as in the principal Act, except as to bills of sale or other documents mentioned in section four of the principal Act, which may be given otherwise than by way of security for the payment of money, to which last-mentioned bills of sale and other documents this Act shall not apply.

4. Every bill of sale shall have annexed thereto or written thereon Bill of sale to a schedule containing an inventory of the personal chattels com- ^p®o8^yUle prised in the bill of sale; and such bill of sale, save as herein-after attached mentioned, shall have effect only in respect of the personal chattels thereto, specifically described in the said schedule; and shall be void, except

as against the grantor, in respect of any personal chattels not so specifically described.

5. Save as herein-after mentioned, a bill of sale shall be void. Bill of 6aie not except as against the grantor, in respect of any personal chattels to affiwt after specifically described in the schedule thereto of which the grantor property was not the true owner at the time of the execution of the bill of

sale.

6. Nothing contained in the foregoing sections of this Act shall Exception as

render a bill of sale void in respect of any of the following things; J" certain fthat is to say,) - v'-. .g8‘

(1.) Any growing crops separately assigned or charged where such crops 'were actually growing at the time when the bill of sale was executed.

' (2.) Any fixtures separately assigned or charged, and any plant, or trade machinery where such fixtures, plant, or trade machinery are used in, attached to. Or brought upon any land, farm, factory, workshop, shop, house, warehouse, or other place in substitution for any of the like fixtures, plant, or trade machinery specifically described in the schedule to such bill of sale.

7. Personal chattels assigned under a bill of sale shall not be Power to seize

liable to be seized or taken possession of by the grantee for any e^cePt in cer- * other than the following causes: heroST* '

(1;) If the grantor shall make default in payment of the sum or sums of money thereby secured at the time therein provided for payment, or iff the performance of any covenant or agreement contained in the bill of sale and necessary for maintaining the security; f' (2.) If the grantor shall become a bankrupt, or suffer the said goods Or any; of them to be distrained for rent, rates, or taxes;

(3.) If the grantor shall fraudulently either remove or suffer the said goods, or any of them, to be removed from the premises;

(4.) If the grantor shall not, without reasonable excuse, upon demand in writing by the grantee, produce to him his last receipts for rent, rates, and taxes j'

(5.) If execution shall have been levied against the goods of the grantor under any judgment at law1 :rit}

Provided that the grantor may Within five days from the seizure or taking possession Of any chattels on account of any of the above-mentioned causes, apply to the High Court, or to a judge thereof in

Bill of sale to be void unless attested and registered.

Form of bill of sale.

Attestation.

Local registration of contents of bills of sale.

Bill of sale under 30/. to be void.

Chattels not to be removed or sold until five days after seizure.

Ch. 7. Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act (1879) Amendment Act. 46 Vict.

chambers, and such court or judge, if satisfied that by payment of money or otherwise the said cause of seizure no longer exists, may restrain the grantee from removing or selling the said chattels, or may make such other order as may seem just.

8. Every bill of sale shall be duly attested, and shall be registered under the principal Act within seven clear days after the execution thereof, or if it is executed in any place out of Ireland then within seven clear days after the time at which it would in the ordinary course of post arrive in Ireland if posted immediately after the execution thereof; and shall truly set forth the consideration for which it was given; otherwise such bill of sale shall be void in respect of the personal chattels comprised therein.

9. A bill of sale made or given by way of security for the payment of money by the grantor thereof shall be void unless made in accordance with the form in the schedule to this Act annexed.

10. The execution of every bill of sale by the grantor shall be attested by one or more credible witness or witnesses, not being a party or parties thereto. So much of section ten of the principal Act as requires that the execution of every bill of sale shall be attested by a solicitor of the Court of Judicature in Ireland, and that the attestation shall state that before the execution of the bill of sale the effect thereof has been explained to the grantor by the attesting witness, is hereby repealed.

11. Where the affidavit (which under section ten of the principal Act is required to accompany a bill of sale when presented for registration) describes the residence of the person making or giving the same or of the person against whom the process is issued as being situated elsewhere than within the county of the city of Dublin or the county of Dublin, or where the bill of sale describes the chattels enumerated therein as being in some place or places outside the said county of the city of Dublin or the county of Dublin, the registrar under the principal Act shall forthwith and within three clear days after registration in the principal registry, and in accordance with the prescribed directions, transmit an abstract in the prescribed form of the contents of such bill of sale to the clerk of the peace in whose district such place or places is or are situate, and if such places are in the districts of different clerks of the peace, then to each such clerk of the peace.

Every abstract so transmitted shall be filed, kept, and indexed by the clerk of the peace in the prescribed manner, and any person may search, inspect, make extracts from, and obtain copies of the abstract so registered in the like manner and upon the like terms as to payment or otherwise as near as may be as in the case of bills of sale registered by the registrar under the principal Act.

12. Every bill of sale made or given in consideration of any sum under thirty pounds shall be void.

13. All personal chattels seized or of which possession is taken after the commencement of this Act, under or by virtue of any bill of sale (whether registered before or after the commencement of this Act), shall remain on the premises where they were so seized or so taken possession of, and shall not be removed or sold until after the expiration of five clear days from the day they were so seized or so taken possession of.

1883. Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act (1879) Amendment Act. Ch. 7. gg

14. A bill of sale to which this Act applies shall be no protection Bill of sale not in respect of personal chattels included in such bill of sale which pi'°!ect .

jl j CDilttClSdSdlllSt

but for such bill of sale would have been liable to distress under poor and other a judgment, decree, or warrant for the 1'ecovery of taxes, poor rates, rates-county cess, or other rates.

15. The eighth and the twentieth sections of the principal Act, Repeal of part

and also all other enactments contained in the principal Act which Act"

are inconsistent with this Act are repealed, but this repeal shall 1879.

not affect the validity of anything done or suffered under the principal Act before the commencement of this Act.

16. So much of the sixteenth section of the principal Act as ^"sP^tion of enacts that any person shall be entitled at all reasonable times to of^ale 1 s search the register and every registered bill of sale upon payment

of one shilling for every copy of a bill of sale inspected is hereby repealed, and from and after the commencement of this Act any person shall be entitled at all reasonable times to search the register, on payment of a fee of one shilling, or such other fee as may be prescribed, and subject to such regulations as may be prescribed, and shall be entitled at all reasonable times to inspect, examine, and make extracts from any and every registered bill of sale without being required to make a written application, or to specify any particulars in reference thereto, upon payment of one shilling for each bill of sale inspected, and such payment shall be made by a judicature stamp : Provided that the said extracts shall be limited to the dates of execution, registration, renewal of registration, and satisfaction, to the names, addresses, and occupations of the parties, to the amount of the consideration, and to any further prescribed particulars.

17. Nothing in this Act shall apply to any debentures issued by Debentures to any mortgage, loan, or other incorporated company, and secured apply* BOt upon the capital stock or goods, chattels, and effects of such company.

18. This Act shall not extend to England or to Scotland. Extent of Act.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Bill of Sale.

This Indenture made the day of , between A.B. of

of the one part, and C.D. of of the

other part, witnesseth that in consideration of the sum of £ now

paid to A.B. by C.D., the receipt of which the said A.B. hereby acknowledges [or whatever else the consideration may be~\, he the said A.B. doth hereby assign unto C.D., his executors, administrators, and assigns, all and singular the several chattels and things specifically described in the schedule hereto annexed by way of security for the payment of the sum of £ , and interest thereon at the rate of per cent, per

annum [or whatever else 'may be the rate\ And the said A.B. doth agree and declare that he will duly pay to the said C.D. the principal sum aforesaid, together with the interest then due, by equal payments of £ on the day of [or whatever else may be the

stipulated times or time of payment]. And the said A.B. doth also agree with the said C.D. that he will [here insert terms as to insurance, payment of reiit, or otherwise, which the parties may agree to for the maintenance or defeasance of the security].

16 Ch.7,8,9. Bills of Sale (Ireland) Ac£(l 879) Amendment Ac£.46Vio-f 1

Provided always, that the chattels hereby assigned shall not be liable to ] seizure or to be taken possession of by the said C.D. for any cause othet j than those specified in section seven of the Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act (1879) Amendment Act, 1883.

In witness, &c.

Signed and sealed by the said A.B. in the presence of me E.F. [add! witness' name, address, and description],

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to amend the Glebe Loans (Ireland) Acts.

[31st May 1883.]

43 & 44 Vict. \V WHEREAS by section two of the Glebe Loan (Ireland) Amend*!

33 & 34 vict. ' ment Act, 1880, it is provided that no loan under the prod

c. 112. visions of the Glebe Loan (Ireland) Acts shall be made after the i

34 & 35 Vict. thirty-first day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty*!

38 & 39 Vict. three, and it is expedient that the said section should be amended^] c. 30. and that the time during which loans under the said Acts may be

4i 42 Vict. made should be extended for a further period:

48 & 44 Vict. it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,|

c.2. by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual andj

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and! by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. x. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Glebe Loan!

(Ireland) Acts Amendment Act, 1883, and this Act and the Glebe! Loan (Ireland) Acts, 1870 to 1880, may be cited together as the Glebe Loan (Ireland) Acts.

Extension of 2. The second section of the Glebe Loan (Ireland) Acts Amend-i loans.01 IDg ment Act, 1880, which limits to the thirty-first day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three the period during which; loans may be made under the Glebe Loan (Ireland) Acts is hereby* repealed, and loans may be made under the said Acts until but now after the thirty-first day of August one thousand eight hundred ancG eighty-six.

CHAPTER 9.

35 & 80 Vict. c. 23.

An Act to make farther provision for taking dues for' repairing and improving the Harbours in the Isle of i Man. [31st May 1883.] i

"TXT HERE AS certain repairs and improvements ate required in v T the harbours of the Isle of Man other than Port Erin, andj it is expedient to enable money to be provided for such repairs] and improvements by the levy of further duties; on vessels using; such harbours:

And whereas the said harbours are under the management of the Isle of Man Harbour Commissioners incorporated by the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,; by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and]

17

1883. Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1883. Ch. 9.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Isle of Man Construction

Harbours Act, 1872, and may be cited together with that Act as g^titles. the Isle of Man Harbours Acts, 1872 and J883, and this Act may 85 & 86 Vict. be cited as the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1883. c-23<

2. The Court of Tynwald from time to time when required by Power to the Governor, may, with the approval of the Board of Trade, by resolution appoint, that there shall be payable by vessels entering be taken in or leaving the harbours to which this Act applies, or any of such harbours, harbours, a duty on passengers carried for hire, by such vessels,

of such amount and subject to such regulations as may be specified in such resolution and approved by the Board of Trade: Provided that —

(1.) The said duty shall not exceed a sum of threepence in respect of every passenger embarked and of every passenger disembarked at a harbour in which the said passenger duty is payable:

(2.) The said duty shall be at all times charged equally to all persons in respect of the same description of vessel under the same circumstances:

(3.) The said duty shall not be payable at any harbour at which , there have been no improvements made for which it appears to the Board of Trade reasonable to charge such duty.

The Court' of. TynWald, when required by the Governor, may, with the approval of the Board of Trade, from time to time, subject to the above provisoes, revoke, alter, or add to any resolution under this section.

3. A bsolution of the Court of ^Tynwald under this Act, when Publication,

approved by the Board of Trade, shall be published in the London of^olution* Gazette, and?otneFvnse as the Board of Trade may direct, and shall n‘

come into force at such time, not earlier than one month after such publication, in the. London Gazette, as may be fixed by the resolution.

The approval of the Board of Trade may be signified under the hand of a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, and any document, purporting lobe printed by authority in the Isle of Man or by the printers to Her Majesty or of the Government to the Isle of Man, and to contain a resolution of the Court of Tynwald under this Act, approved by ifie Board of Trade, shall be evidence that the duty mentioned in such resolution is payable

4; The Commissioners may, subject to .the regulations affecting Collection of the same, take the passenger duty, which by a resolution made and passeDgerduty-approved in pursuance of this Act and for the, time being in force, is appointed tc^be payable at any of the harbours to which this Act applies, and with the consent of the Treasury may either arrange with the Commissioners: of Customs for, the collection of the said duty, or may appoint, such officers to collect the same upon such terms as. to security and otherwise as the Governor may direct.

All sums received, by the Commissioners in respect, of the said dqty or. otherwise? in pursuance.of this Act, shall be paid by them without any deduction to the Commissioners of Customs, and

18

Provisions as to payment of duty and penalties.

10 & 11 Vict c.27.

35 & 36 Vict. c.28.

7 WiU. 4.

& 1 Vict. c. 36. s. 47.

Ch. 9. Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1883. 46 Vico:.' '!

accounted for in like manner as if they were part of the revenue' j of the Customs of the Isle of Man, but shall be kept as a distinct] account from such revenue.

5, For the purpose of collecting the said passenger duty, the term "rates" in the Harbours, Bocks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 1 (incorporated with the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872,) and in this I Act referred to as the General Harbours Act, shall include such M duty, and the provisions of the General Harbours Act with respect] to the collection of rates, shall for the purposes of this Act be | amended as follows ;

(1.) Nothing in the General Harbours Act shall give power fo i alter the said duty otherwise than as provided by this Act : j (2.) Any packet boat or post office packet, being a packet boat I or post office packet as defined under the provisions of any Act relating to the Post Office,'*shall not be entitled., to the] exemption contained in section twenty-eight of the General] Harbours Act, in respect of the said passenger duty, but shall] be entitled to such exemption, either total or partial, from] or to pay such special composition for, that duty, as may be] from time to time agreed on between the Governor and Her Majesty's Postmaster-General, with the consent of the Treasury, or, in case of difference, as may be determined by the] Treasury, and in the absence of any such- agreement or] determination shall not be entitled to exemption from such duty] | (3..) The Commissioners may, if the regulations. so. permit, and 1 , subject to such regulations, accept any composition for the said] passenger duty in respect of any vessel:

(4.) The master of every vessel liable to pay the, said passengeM; duty, or, if the Commissioners so permit, an agent, on behalf of I the master, shall deliver to the collector of rates a declaration] in a form to be prescribed by the Commissioners, as to th] number of passengers carried for hire by the said vessel and] embarked or. disembarked at any harbour, and a master or J agent who refuses or neglects to deliver such, declaration, of] who delivers any declaration which is false in any materia]; particular, shall be liable to a penalty not; exceeding twenty] ‘ pounds, recoverable as if the same were a penalty mentioned] in the General Harbours Act:

(5.) The collector of rates may at any reasonable time inspect and * examine, and if he wishes, take copies of or extracts from all books, tickets, and other documents showing the number of : passengers carried for hire by any vessel liable to pay .the] said passenger duty: Provided that any information obtained^ by means of an inspection under thia section, shall not be admissible in evidence in any prosecution or other proceeding,; against any person for carrying an excessive number of pas* j sengers on any voyage of such vessel:

(6.) If any person in possession or charge of any of the said books, tickets, or documents relating to such vessel as aforesaid; refuses or fails to produce and show the same or any of them to any collector of rates, or to permit such collector to-inspect! examine, or take copies thereof or extracts therefrom, in every such case there shall be payable in respect of such vessel rates

1883. -Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1883. Ch. 9.

calculated at the rate of sixpence per ton on the gross tonnage of such vessel for every time such vessel has entered or left any harbour at which the passenger duty is payable during the period to which the said books or documents which such' collector was not permitted to inspect, examine, or take copies or extracts from relate:

(. (7.) If the passenger duty is not paid by any vessel in respect of any passenger embarked or disembarked at any harbour at which the duty is payable, there shall be payable in respect of such vessel rates calculated at the rate of sixpence per ton on the gross tonnage of such vessel on entering the harbour for , su^h disembarkation or on leaving it after such embarkation*

but if the owner or, master of the vessel shows that such nonpayment;,arises from any mistake or accident, and pays or tenders the. amount of duty unpaid the said tonnage rate shall not be; enforced : ...

(8;). The gross . tonnage of a vessel for the purposes of this section;" means the gross tonnage of such vessel as ascertained uhdei; the. proyisioue <*f-the Merchant Shipping,Act, 1 854g|;-r, :\i * 71q/8 Vict*

. (,9,) /ghe rates payable, under this section shall be in addition rto any other harbour -dues, and shall ^subject to the provisions of the Me of Man Harbours Act, 1§72, as to legal proceedings) 86 & 86 Vict. be recovered in the mtahult' provided by sections forty-three 2®' and forty-fpppiof the Gt^ne^Har^gLijSjAct. - i°27. 1 ICt‘

6. The passenger duty and rates received under this Act shall Application of be applied exclusively for defraying the principal and interest -due duty.

im respect of money borrowed either before or after the passing of this Act for - the improvement; maintenance, or repair of the harbours to which this Act applies, or any of them, and subject thereto, for Jsb&r improvement, maintenance, Or repair of the said harbours or any of -them.

,ioIf ai>ahyftiirffe th# Hoard^rMe^di^l^ithat'fthe !duty pay^)le " in pursuance of this -Act Be' revfeed,1 scmthat 'fib®".produce thereof u.. may, so far as is practicable, ;be sufficient and not more tha.n sufficient for the purposes before* in this section mentioned-, tMo Court of Tynwald shall revise !the same, by a resolution under the fere* going provisions of this Act, and if the Court of Tynwald-fail to revise the - sam'e} the Board* of Trade may withdraw their approval-to the resolution appointing5 ;^ich duty,- and thereupon Stidh-resolution shall cease to be a resolution approved by the Board of Trade;

7. The Commissione^may borrow on - the-sedufity of the pas-Pow«m» bor-

senger duty and' rates under this-Aet in; like manner as/they may on security

borrowion.the.seefeity of:'th^ sums mentioned in section twenty of of duty‘

the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872.

8. In th&'ActLt — jttjgM gig Defimtion8u3|

The term- jg vessel | means any' vessel used in navigation which

'is j net propelled solely by Oars, and which is of- a burden of not less than -five tons;1 n Mpi term " harbours to which this Act applies " means Such of the harbours of the^ Me of Man other than Port Erin as may

. Jpr the time being havO1 their; limits defined^ in'pursuance of

section fourteen of the Isle of Man Harbours-Act, 1872. -p 85 & 86 vict.

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1883. 46 Tier,

2Qr Gh: 10.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland* Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws 1 relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

[31st May 1883.]!

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,* in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies tefl defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to J the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give 9 and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after® mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty ! that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most! Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the I Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present! Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows * Short title. L This Act may be cited as the Customs and Inland Revenue* Act, 1883.

PART I.

Customs and Excise.

Import duties 2. The duties of customs now chargeable upon tea shall continue i on ea' . to be levied and charged, on and after the first day of August on® thousand eight hundred and eighty-three until the first day of J August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-fpur, on the im-jJ portation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland; (that is to say,)* Tea, the pound - Sixpence.

Certain explo- 3. All explosives within the meaning of the Explosives Act,!

be restricted 1^75, on the unloading or landing of which any restriction is ] goods under imposed by or in pursuance of that Act, and all explosive sub- J 39 & 40 Vict. stances within the meaning of the Explosive Substances Act, 1883* r®36* which are forfeited under that Act, shall be deemed to be restricted

goods within the meaning of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876,! and this section shall be read as part of the last-mentioned Act. 1 Alteration of 4. Every licence or certificate to kill game now in force, ortol tion of obtain taken out under the Act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourtbi game licences, years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter ninety, which expires, or j would expire, under the provisions of that Act on the fifth day 1 of April, shall expire on the thirty-first day of July, and whereve* in such provisions the fifth day of April is mentioned or referred] to, the same shall be read as if the thirty-first day of July had been therein inserted in lieu of the said fifth day of April, fbrdiUcences 5. A licence or certificate to kill game may be taken out undea periods. the provisions of the Act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourtla years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter ninety, for a continuous period of fourteen days to be specified in such licence or certificate, and there shall be granted and paid thereon the duty of one pound.; Alteration of g( Every licence granted under the Gun Licence Act, 1870, shall tion of gun" ©xphr© on the thirty-first day of July next following the day of the

21

1883. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1883. Ch. 10.

date thereof: Provided, that in the case of any such licence in force licences, at the passing of this Act, or to be granted before the first day of ®8^.84 vict* August next after the passing thereof, the same shall not expire c' until the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

7. The expression " any vehicle drawn by a horse or mule, or Extension of horses or mules," in provision numbered six of section nineteen of iapro^doru^) the Act of the thirty-second and thirty-third years of Her Majesty's of s. 19 of ' reign, chapter fourteen, shall be extended so as to embrace any 32 & 83 Vict vehicle drawn or propelled upon a road or tramway, or elsewhere carriage moved than upon a railway, by steam or electricity, or any other by mechanical mechanical power. power.

PART IL Income Tax.

8. There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the year which ®fin_ commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred come ta^ and eighty-three in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described-as chargeable in the.Act of the sixteenth

and seventeenth years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four (herein-after referred to as the Income Tax Act, 1853), the following duties of income tax; (that is to say,)

For every twenty shillings of! the annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules (A.)

(3D.);0r (E.) of the said Act the duty of fivepence;

And for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act, —

In England, the duty of twopence halfpenny;

In Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of one penny three farthings.

9. All such provisions contained in any Act relating to income Provisions of tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight Actsto J" hundred and eighty-three, shall have full force and effect, with toCdutiesaPP 7 respect to the duties of income tax granted by this Act so far as hereby granted, thfe same shall be consistent with the provisions of this Act.

10. (1.) wReffc'aiiy dividend, interest, or other-annual profits or Provisions as gains, due or payable half-yearly or quarterly; shall fmvnbecome ^ftendMsc. due or payable in the course of the said y ear which commenced paid prior, to on$he sixth day of April ope thousand ..eight hundred and eighty- passing of this three and shall have been paid to. any person prior to the passing Act

of this Act Without any charge for the duty of income tax hereby granted having been made thereon or deducted therefrom, the amount of the said duty shall be added to the iassessment in respect of the next half-yearly or "quarterly payment to such person, and charged tlfereon and deducted therefrom accordingly.

.; (2.) Where, any person liable to pay any rent, interest, annuity, or ^bthef annual payment in the course of the said year shall, on making any such payment prior tp the passing of this Act, have not -made any deduction in respect of the duty of income tax hereby granted, he shall be authorised to make the deduction on

22

Assessment of income tax under Schedules (A.) and (B.) and of the inhabited house duties for the year 1883-4.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 67

Provisions of Income Tax Acts to apply to duties to granted for succeeding year.

Cel, 10. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1883. 46 Vict.J

the occasion of the next payment, in addition to any other deduc-| tion which he may by law be authorised to make.

(3.) The charge or deduction of the duty of income tax hereby] granted in the case of any payment made in the course of the : said year prior to the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have] been a legal charge or deduction*

11. With respect to the assessment of the duties of income tax hereby granted under Schedules (A.) and (B.) in respect of property! elsewhere than in <the metropolis as defined by the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, and of the duties on inhabited houses else-; where than in the said metropolis, for the year commencing, as respects England, on the sixth day of April; and as respects! Scotland, on the twenty-fourth day of May one thousand eight! hundred and eighty-three, the'; following provisions shall have! effect<

(1.) The inspectors or surveyors of-taxes shall be the assessor^ for the said duties, and, in lieu of the poundage by law] granted to be divided between the assessors and collectors.^ regard to such duties, there shall be paid a poundage of three! ^jfr,v£ialipence to the collectors thereof:

(2.) The sum charged as the annualvalue of any property in the assessment of income tax thereon for the! year which com- menced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred! and eighty-two, and the sum charged' as the annual value o9 every inhabited house Jh the assessment made thereon for the ] same, year as respects England, and as respects Scotland fori the year which commenced on the twenty-fifth day of May;] one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two,; shall be taken al the annual value of such property, or of such inhabited housffl for the assessment and charge thereon of the duties of incoma tax hereby granted, or of the duties on^h^abited, hoiises, to al! intents and purposes as if such sum had been estimated tfl -be the annual value in conformity with the provisions in that behalf contained in the Acts relating to income tax and the duties on inhabited houses respectively..

(3.) The Commissioners executing the said :Ahts shall for each place, within their district cause duplicates,of the assessmerjl to be made out and delivered, to the collectors, together with the warrants for collecting the same,

12. In order to ensure the collection ih due timer of any duties of income tax which may bei granted for the year commencing e the sixth day of April oh'e thousand eight hundred and eighty-£ouf, all such provisions contained in any Act relating to the .duties income tax as are m force on the fifth day of April one thousand] eight hundred and eighty-four, shall have full force and effect wif> respect to the duties of income tax which may be so granted in the: same manner as if the said duties1, had been actually grante^W] the said provisions had been applied theretoby an Act Of ParliameB'y passed on that day | provided that nothing in 'fhiS potion sh^ be deemed to render necessary or authorise the appointment assessors for such of the said duties as may be granted and payable tinder Schedules (A.) and (B.) of the Income Tax Act, 1853..

Ch. 11,12.

23

Poor, Law Conferences Act, 1888.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to provide for Expenses incurred by Guardians of the Poor in relation to Poor Law Conferences.

[18th June 1888.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen as to the power of guardians of I the poor to charge the rates with the payment of expenses incurred in'attending conferences for the discussion of matters connected with the duties which devolve on /them, and in purchasing reports of. such conferences:

, Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice an d consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This . Act1 may be cited as the Poor Law Conferences Act; 1883.. Short title.

2. The guardians of any union may, when empowered by and Conference . subject to any .regulations made by the Local Government Board expenses* (which regulations the said Board is hereby authorised from time to time'to make, vary, or rescind), pay the reasonable expenses of any guardian or^uarmanfe; Or clerk to the giiardians, incurred in attend- . uig any conference of guardians held for the purpose ,of discussing any matter which is'connected . With the duties which devolve on them, and any reasonable expenses incurred in purchasing reports of the proceedings of any such conference/and may charge the amount to their common fund, or, if they have no common fund, to the fund un^er their control'.''. 1

3. Expressions rUsed in this Act have the same respective meanings Interpretation, as they have in. the JJpor Law; Agt,;1§79.,

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Act for the Prevention of; Crime in Ireland, 1882, §ls to the Audience of Solicitors.

[18th June 1883.]

EE'itrfeha6tTedrf T^' the Qheeh?s'im6st Excellent; Majesty, by and with the advico and cbhsehf of 'the Lofd^ritdatf'ffid Tem> pbrkl' and.OoffimbnsyM‘ this present ParliameAl/ assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall he lawful for appearing on the investigation Patfie* may be

of applicariohs under the provisions, of section nineteen of the gouiotors.their Prevention of Crimes'^Ireland) Act, 1882£ to be heard by their solicitors/as well ias pcrsohall^or by counsel as in said Act provided;

2. This Act may berated as the Prevention of Crjine (Ireland) Short title. Acfa, 1882> Amendment (Audience of Solicitors) Act, 1883.

24

Ch. 13,14. Consolidated Fund (iVo. 3) Act, 1883.

46 Vict_

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to apply the sum of five million nine hundred, and seventy-three thousand nine hundred and twelve pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one' thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

[18th June 1883.]:;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Com-g mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which: we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of, Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty 1116 sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech.j Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the: Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent* 6f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follow^ Issue of ! The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time ;

5,973,912/. out being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good I the service of the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year! the year ending ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred . V and eighty-four the sum of five million nine hundred and seventy-j three thousand nine hundred and twelve pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time td j time, on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding! in the whole the sum of five million nine hundred and seventy-three, thousand nine hundred and twelve pounds, and shall repay the! moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds perl centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated! Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to! that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the Credit of the; account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the! said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in whicbj such Fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1883.

31st March 1884.

PoVer to tho Treasury to borrow.

Short title.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Pay and Pensions of the Royal Irish Constabulary and the Police Force of Dublin Metropolis; and for othe£ purposes. [18th June 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and D with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern-, poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1883. Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883. Ch. 14.

25

Prdvminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Constabulary Short title, and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883.

Pabt I.

Royal Irish Constabulary.

2. From and after the passing of this Act so much of the fovised salaries

Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1874, as limits the annual salaries of *

the head constable major, the head constables, constables, acting Constabulary, constables, and sub-constables of the Royal Irish Constabulary, (who 37 & 38 Vict. are in this part of this Act referred to as constables,) to the eums c' °* specified in that Act, shall be repealed. The pay of constables of

the Royal Irish Constabulary shall be according to the rates specified in that behalf in the First Schedule to this Act. The extra pay allowed to a limited number of constables of long service shall cease to be paid after the passing of this Act.

There shall be dediysted from the pay provided for each constable by this Act the sum of, one shilling by the week for every week during which lodging accommodation in any barrack or elsewhere, or an allowance in lieu thereof, is supplied for him out of moneys provided by Parliament or out of local rates: Provided that such deduction shall not be made during the lifetime of the wife, or of any of the children under the age of sixteen years, of a constable whose marriage is registered in the Constabulary Department in accordance with the regulations of the force, in case lodging accommodation is not supplied for such wife or child in a barrack or elsewhere from moneys provided by Parliament or out of local rates.

Provided also that such deduction shall not be made from the pay of the head constable major, nor of any constable whose length of service is less than six months.

3. (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every constable Right of

of the Royal Irish Constabulary who became a member of the cons|:ables to force on or after the tenth day of August one thousand eight pensl0n8, hundred and sixty-six, or who shall become a member of the force after the passing of this Act —

*vy('u.) if he has Completed not less than twenty-five years service, shall be entitled on the expiration of two months after he has given written notice to the Inspector General of his -desire to retire, or of such less time after that notice as the Inspector General allows, to retire and receive a pension for life; and ''(&.) if he has completed not less than fifteen years Service, and is

H incapacitated for the performance of his duty by infirmity of mind or body, shall be entitled to retire and receive a pension for life; and

(c.) if he is incapacitated for the performance of his duty by infirmity of mind or body occasioned in the execution of his duty Without his own default, shall be entitled to retire and to

. receive a pension for life; and.

(cL) if he has not completed fifteen years service, and is incapacitated for the performance of his duty by infirmity of mind or body occasioned otherwise than as aforesaid and without his

Ch. 14. Constabulary and Police (Inland) Act, 1883. 46 YiOT:;

HI

||

m

own default, may, if'the Inspector, General allows him, retired and the Inspector General, if he "thinks fit, may grant him a tscr v r f gratuity.

(2.) Provided that, —

(a.) a constable becoming a member of the force after the passing 1 of this Act, and who receives a pension under this section! before he has completed twenty-fiye years service, shall be 1 subject to return' to service, as mentioned in this Act, if he flatafatmu t>f. ceases toibe incapacitated; and

t<. (bi)1' where a constable receives a pension under this section before -he has completed fifteen years service, the'pension shall be Subject to such reduction by the Inspector General as is provided i j§| ' by this Act.

lo(3.) The said pensions* and) gratuities shall b#‘ih accordance with, the pension scale under this Act, and, subject to the limits in that scale, shall be such as the'-Inspector General, with the approval of the Commissioners .of the Treasury, may determine.

(4.) Provided that where a pension is granted to a constable on account of infirmity of mind or body* and such infirmity is certified by some legally qualified medical practitioner to have been1 brought; about or been contributed to by his own default or by his vicioub habits,* and such constable is entitled -under this Act to-'a pension of a fixed amount or to a pension not less than a fiked amount, the Inspector ^General may, subject tb fthe limit in' the pension scales grant to him a less amount of pension- than the said fixed amount of pension to which he would Otherwise have been entitled? i V; The pension scale under this Actishiall be the scale set out inethe k Second Schedule to this Act.

' ':?(&) No pension shall be granted to1 any such constable unless thei Inspector General is satisfied that he has served with diligence and i fidelity.

(6.) 'When any constable, who-became a member of the force dn or after the tenth day of August one- thousand eight .hundred and; v. fx<: sixty-six or who shall: become; a member of the- force after jgfejw

passing of this Act has completed a' service of twenty-five years, j J 1 the Inspector 'General- may, if. he?--thiniks .fit,;require him to retire 1 upon the terms as to pension pt'escribCd by this Act.

When any constable who became a member of the - force before,' the said tenth day of‘August Cne thousand eight hundred rand sixty- $ six, has completed, a service .of twenty-five years; the fingpectori General may, if he thinks fit, require him to retire, and-in computing., the pension to whiehv he is entitled ;his length .of (Serwce- shafli fraUr. be reckoned' as thirty years./

raws tod10^ 4. (bd Where a. constable-dies from some I cause .which, if it had gratuities to only incapacitated him from the performance .of. his , duty,; would

mdows and have entitled him to a pension; for fife, the Inspector general shall grant a pension to his widow and children.

yv.'(2~) Where'a constable dies from some cause notarising from his own'default, and other than that- ebove mentiopedt in this (section, the Inspector General may, if he thinks fit, grant gratuities to his widow and children, or any of them.

(3t) Where a constable to whom a pension has beerr granted dies within twelve months after the grant of such pensiCn, the'Inspector Generali shall grant a gratuity <to -'his- widow and> children.

27

1833. Gomlabwlary a/nd Police (:Ireland) Act, 1883. QjeT. 14.

u(4;) The said pension allowances and gratuities shall be in accord- an'cS' with the pension scale under this Act, and, subject to the limits in that scale, shall be such as the Inspector General, with the consent of the Commissioners of the Treasury, may determine.

(5.) This section shall apply to the widows and children of constables appointed before the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, as' if they were constables entitled to pensions under this Act. ':

I (6;) This section shall not apply to the widow or children of any constable who marries after1 the passing of this Act, unless the marriage of such constable is in accordance with the regulations of the force.

5, (1.) In reckoning the service?of a constable for the‘purposes Beckoning of of tills Act, approved service in any Other police force, or if he has

served in more than one, then in each police "force in which he pension, served, for not less than three years approved service,1 and from which with the Written sanction of the chief officer of that force^he rerdoyed; to another force, orHo "the Royal Irish Constabulary, shall be reckoned'as service in the'Royal Irish Constabulary; and the length of service whibh a1 constable is entitled to reckon in ;the ponce Force''IrOni whi&fTlie rehioves shall be stated in the said written'sanction. Or shall otherwise be sent in writing by the chief officer of that force to the Inspector General of the Royal Irish Constabulary ofi.the reinoval of the constable into the Royal Irish' Constahulary. Ror the purposes of this Act, approved service shall mean such continuous^ service as may, after deduction, if any, lof "sickness, ms^nduct, Or Other eaUse,: be established tb-the satis1 faction; of the fnpnc§.. authority having the control of such police force, to haye'been diligent add faithful Service.

(2T) Where a TOmta|)le ,yith the knowledge Of: the Inspector General, belongs to the arnfy reserve, his absence when called out foj .gaining prv fpjip^?^anent.^er^[<^r'^f n'bt^vdnt^fiiS^ service in the constabulary being debffied to be continuous seririce for the puippses^of this ^et..and, h^isball be entitled on returrdng-to the a|J$£ the end of such td reckon any service

Tyhic^ ^jr^pn at.thd cbMmPueaneirt thereqf.

6. (1.) Where a pensioners ^granted tg, a, ^on^taldp. who, 'after Proof of in-

having served; for1 less-tiian twentyrfive years, retires...pn the (ground capacity for of Ms -.beiitg ineaphcitafeid by infirmity 6f minri ofnSody Tor' the r^rn to ser-discharge'of-ibis duty ithe Inspector <Genera| .shall, before granting vice of pen-such pension, be satisfied, by' evidence j o£ j some . legally; quali- sioner on

fied medical practitiofier or practitioners enipl.oyed or approved by ^pB^,«aa him, that such constable is so incapacitated, and that the incapa- revision of city is likely to.jjbe' permanent, and afterwards, until the power Pension-under this Act of requiring, the" constable' to serve again ceases, shah yearly or : otherwise^- from; time, tp time, also satisfy himself by the like evidence that such iaeapapityrcontinues.. i

(2.) In the event of such incapacity ceasing before the. expiration ofsUeh'tims as would, togethqr^with the period-,of rservi.ee. prior to /*. his retirement, make up a period-of twenty-five years, the constable, if he became amiember of the force after the passing of this Act, shall'bb liable tP serve again in the .force, and if before the expira-

Ch, 14 Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883. 46 Vict,

tion of the said time he declines so to serve, or if when serving again he neglects to perform his duty satisfactorily, being in a competent state of health, he shall forfeit his pension.

(3.) A constable so serving again shall be entitled to retire at the same time as he would be entitled to do if the time which elapsed between his retirement and the renewal of his service were service, but the time which so elapsed shall not be reckoned as service in calculating his pension on his retirement subsequent to such renewal

(4.) Where a pension is granted to a constable who has served for less than fifteen years on the ground of his being incapacitated by infirmity of mind or body for the discharge of his duty, and the Inspector General is, before the expiration of such time as would together with the period of his service prior to the grant of the pension make up a period of twenty-five years, satisfied, by the evidence of some legally qualified medical practitioner or practitioners employed or approved by him, or otherwise, that such incapacity has partly ceased, the Inspector General, may, subject to the limits in the pension scale, reduce permanently or temporarily the pension granted to such constable.

(5.) If a constable fails or .refuses, when so required by the Inspector General, to be examined by some legally qualified medical practitioner or practitioners employed or approved by such Inspector General, the Inspector General shall have the same power. of requiring such constable to serve again and of forfeiting or reducing the pension of such constable as he would have under this section if satisfied by the evidence of any such practitioner that the incapacity of such constable had wholly or partly ceased.

7. A pension or allowance under this Act is granted only upon I condition that it becomes forfeited, and may be withdrawn by the Inspector General, in any of the following cases -

;(#.) Jf the grantee is convicted of any indictable offence; or (b.) If the grantee knowingly associates with thieves or suspected persons; or

(c.) If the grantee refuses to give to the police all information and assistance in his power for the detection of crime, for the apprehension of criminals, and for the suppression of any disturbance of the public peace; or (d.) If the grantee is guilty of any conduct which is illegal, or in the opinion of the Inspector General disgraceful, or enters into or continues to carry on any business, occupation, or employment, in which (if he was a constablekhe has made use of the fact of his former employment in the police in a manner which the Inspector General considers to be discreditable and improper.

8. Where a constable in receipt of a pension under this Act takes service in any police force, his pension may be suspended by the Inspector General in whole or in part so long as he remains in such service.

PumstoeDt for 9t Where a person obtains any pension, gratuity, or allowance rion'&cfby11" under this Act by any false representation or false evidence, or by personation, or by malingering or feigning disease or infirmity, or by maiming or injuring himself, or causing himself to be maimed

Forfeiture of pension or allowance.

Suspension of pension.

fraud.

29

1883. Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883. Ch. 14.

or injured, or otherwise producing disease or infirmity, or by any other fraudulent conduct, such person shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to imprisonment, with or without hard laboup, for a period not exceeding three months, and also to forfeit the pension, gratuity, or allowance obtained.

Offences against this section may be prosecuted, and penalties recovered, in a summary manner.

10. In the case of any constable who became a member of the Provision as to Royal Irish Constabulary before the tenth day of August one thou- appointed*be sand eight hundred and sixty-six, and who retires after the passing fore August h of this Act, and who shall at the time of his retirement have j86£‘, yicJ served for thirty years or upwards, the pension which he is quali- c°100> 8> 8*c | fied to receive may be granted to him without the production of a certificate that he is unable from mental or bodily infirmity to perform his duty.

The pension which may be awarded to any constable who became a member of the Royal Irish Constabulary -before the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six shall not be calculated with reference to the scale of pay specified in the First Schedule to this Act, but shall be calculated with reference to the pay which such constable would be entitled to receive if this Act had not been passed; and for the purposes of such calculation in the case of any head constable who became a member of the force before the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and who had not attained the rank of a first-class head constable before the passing of this Act, such head constable shall, when he has served for five years as a head constable, be deemed to have attained by promotion the rank of a first-class head constable, and to be entitled to the scale of pay to which first-class head constables were entitled at the passing of this. Act; and when he has served for less than five years as a head constable shall be deemed to have attained, upon his promotion to be such head constable, the rank of a second-class head constable, and to be entitled to the scale of pay to which second-class head constables were entitled at the passing of this Act.

Provided that any constable who became a member of the force before the said tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and siXty-SiX may, if % SO elects, be pensioned in accordance with the provisions of this Act relating to the pensions of constables who became members of the force after that date, and with reference to the scale of pay specified in the First Schedule.

11. No deduction shall be made from the pay or pension of any The Constabu-person who becomes a member of the Royal Irish Constabulary ^dForce after the passing of this Act, as a contribution towards the Con- n stabulary Force Fund; nor shall any such person, nor the widow or family of any such person, be entitled to be paid any gratuity, bounty, pension, or allowance, out of that fund.

12. After the first day of October one thousand eight hundred Change j and eighty-three the sub-inspectors, constables, acting constables, CertSTranks.0 and sub-constables of the Royal Irish Constabulary, shall respectively be styled district inspectors, sergeants, acting sergeants, and constables.

Pay of Dublin

Metropolitan

Police.

Application of provisions as to pension to the Dublin Metropolitan Police.

Provision as to pensions of men appointed before 12th August 1$67. 10 & 11 Vict.

C. 100. 8.10.

Cfi. 14 Constabulary and Polite (Ireland) Act, 1883. 46 Vioi.

Part II.

Dublin Metropolitan Police.

13. From and after the passing of this Act the pay of the chief superintendent, superintendents, inspectors, acting inspectors, station sergeants, sergeants, acting sergeants, and constables of the Dublin Metropolitan Police shall be according to the rates specified in that behalf in the Third Schedule to this Act.

Provided that* where any member of the force is at the time' of the passing of this Act in receipt of a higher rate of pay than the rate specified in the said schedule in relation to such person, nothing contained in this Act shall be taken to reduce the rate, of pay which such person is entitled to receive.

Nothing contained in tMs,A.ct shall affect the payor classification of the Inspectors holding that rank at the .passing 6f this Act.

There shall be deducted from the pay provided by this Act for each member of the Dublin Metropolitan Police, below the rank of inspector the sum of* one shilling and twopence -by the week .for every week during which lodging accommodation in any barrack or elsewhere, or, an allowance in lieu thereof, is supplied for him out of moneys.,provided by Parliament or out of local rates; provided that such deduction shall not be made from, the pay of any supernumerary constable.

14. The provisions of this Act relative to pensions and gratuities for - constables of the Royal Irish Constabulary who became members of that, force on or after the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, or who shall become members of that force after the passing of this Act, shall apply to ijhe, members of the Dublin Metropolitan Police Force, not being of higher rank /than chief superintendent, who became members of the force on" or after the twelfth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, or who shall become members of the force after the passing of this Act, subject to the following provisions.:

(l.) The term "constable" shall include every member of the

- Dublin Metropolitan Police, not - being of higher, rank than chief superintendent.

(2.) Anything authorised or required to be' done by the Inspector General shall be done by the Commissioner of the Dublin Metropolitan PpBce..

15. In the case of any constable who became a member of the Dublin Metropolitan Police before the twelfth day of August ohb thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and who retires^after the passing of this Act, and who shall at the time of-his1 retirement have served for thirty years or upwards, idle pension which he is qualified to receive may be granted to him; without the production of a certificate that lie is unable, from mental or dbo'dily infirmity, to perform his duty:

i The pension which may be awarded to any constable; wbti.be-, came a member of the Dublin Metropolitan Police before the twelfth day of August one thousand-eight hundred and .Sixty-seven shall not he calculated with reference to the scale of pay specified in the Third Schedule to this Act, but shall be calculated with reference

31

1883. Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883. Ch. 14?. I

to the pay which such person would he entitled to receive if the scale of pay in force at the time of the passing of this Act had continued in force until the time of his retirement; and the pay which such person would he* entitled to'-receive as aforesaid shall for the purpose of.. such calculation he taken to be the pay set out in .the Fourth Schedule to this Act: Provided that any such constable may, if he so elects, he pensioned in accordance with the provisions of this Act relating to the pensions of constables who became members of the force after the said date, and with reference to the scale of pay provided for constables by this Act.

When any constable who became a member of the Dublin Metropolitan Police on or after the twelfth day of August one thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven or who shall become a member of the police after the passing of this Act has completed a service of twenty-five years, the Commissioner may, if he thinks fit,require lym to retire upon the terms as to pension prescribed by this Act. When any constable who became a member of the police ybefo^e that day has completed a service > of twenty-five years, the Commissioner may, if he thinks fit, require him to,retire, and in: computing the pension to which he is entitled, his length of service shall be reckoned as thirty- years.

16; The provisions of this Act relative to pensions and gratuities Pensions and to*‘widows and children of constables shall apply to, the widows gratuities for and dnldren of constables of the Dublin Metropolitan Police, and Children?11 in the casp' of the widows and children pi constables appointed beforh'the^ day of August pnp thousand eight hundred1 and ,pixty-sevpm£t shall apply- as. if they were cpnstables entitled to pensions under this Act,

17. Whereas by the. eleventh section of the Summary Jurisdie- Provision for tion (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871, it is enacted that there sTia.ll payment of de-be paid to every deputy appointed by any divisional justice of the

police'district of DubM m&ropons under the provisions of the justices, said section, by such justjgp athis own charge, such sum by way 34 &S5 Vict. of remuneration for his services as the Chief Secretary to the Lord e' 76, Lieutenant shall direct;" and it is expedient to make other provision for the^ jJ^yment of suck, deputies when they are appointed in the case of the. sickness or unavoidable absence of any of such justices blit not in. any. .other case

- Therefore whenever after the. passing of this Act" a> deputy is "appointed by any of the said divisional jusft£cSS under su®h df tire provisions of the .smd^eetjon as xelath to the ease of the sickness or unavoidable absence of;aiiyof the said justices, there shall be paid to such deputy'out of mojjpys io.^be- proyid^Jy Parliament, iEempnept^ deputyj at such daily rate .and

subject to such conditions ! as< the Commissioners of the Treasury may, from time .to time prescribe..

18. tEveiy person appointed after-' the passing of this Aot4o be Oath of a deputy to any of the said divisional justices shah1, before he; shall dePufr*

begih't)J^e^te the;dutiejs of his office, take. the Oath required'by

JlaW to b# taken by every person appointed to be a divisional-justice 6 & 7 w. 4.

of Dublin metropolis. j tj? ' .; ,'1 a9* "*8*,.

conatab^s being

dismissed Or reduced to any lower rank or lower rate of pay on reduction in

rank.

Ch. 14. Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883. 46 Vict,

account of misconduct or negligence in or unfitness for the dischargQ of his duties, or other reasonable cause.

SCHEDULE I.

Sections 2 and Rates of Pay of Royal Irish Constabulary.

10* Weekly p

s. d.

Head constable major - 40 0

Head constable:

Six years service in that rank and over - - 40 0

Three to six years service - - * 37 6

Under three years service - - 35 0

Constable:

Four years service in that rank and over - - 31 0

Under four years - 29 0

Acting constable - - . - 28 0

Sub-constable:

Twenty years service and over - - 27 0

Fifteen to twenty years service - - 26 0

Twelve to fifteen years service - - 25 0

Nine to twelve years service - - 24 0

Seven to nine years service - - 23 0

Four to seven years service - - 22 0

Six months to four years service - 21 0

Under six months service - - 15 0

The pay of the dep6t schoolmaster shall be such as the Lord Lieutenant, with the consent of the Commissioners of the Treasury, may determine.

The weekly pay of any head constable who is a first-class head constable at the passing of this Act shall be forty shillings, irrespective of his length of service in the rank of head constable.

SCHEDULE II.

Pension Scale.

Section 3. Pensions and Gh'atuities to Constables.

(1.) The pension to a constable on retirement shall be according to the following scale; that is to say,

(a.) if he has completed fifteen but less than twenty-one years service, an annual sum equal to one fiftieth of his annual pay for every completed year of service; and (6.) if he has completed twenty-one but less than twenty-five years service, an annual sum equal to twenty fiftieths of his annual pay with an addition of two fiftieths of his annual pay for every completed year of service above twenty years; and (c.) if he has completed twenty-five years service an annual sum equal to thirty fiftieths of his annual pay with an addition of one fiftieth of his annual pay for every completed year of service above twenty-five years, so however that the pension shall not exceed two thirds of his annual pay.

(2.) The pension to a constable on retirement who is partially incapacitated by infirmity of mind or body occasioned in the execution of his duty without his own default shall, in the case of accidental injury, be according to the following scale, that is to say:$

(a.) if he has completed not more than five years service, an annual sum not more than ten fiftieths of his annual pay; and

33

[Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883. Ch. 14.

(A.) if lie has completed more than five and not more than ten years service, an annual sum not more than twelve fiftieths of his annual pay; and

(c.) if he has completed more than ten years and not more than fifteen years service, an annual sum not more than fifteen fiftieths of his annual pay; and

(d.) if he has completed more than fifteen years service, an annual sum not more than his annual pay:

Provided that if he has completed fifteen years service the pension shall not be less than the sum to which he is entitled under article one of this schedule.

(3.) The pension to a constable on retirement who is wholly incapacitated by infirmityof mind or body occasioned in the execution of his duty without his own default shall, in the case of accidental injury, be according to the following scale, that is to say:$

(a.) if he has completed not more than ten years service, an annual sum not more than fifteen fiftieths of his annual pay; and (i.) if he has completed more than ten and not more than fifteen years service, an annual sum not more than twenty fiftieths of his annual pay; and

(c.) if he has completed more than fifteen years service, an annual sum not more than his annual pay:

Provided that if ha has completed fifteen years service the pension shall not be less than the sum to which he is entitled under article one of this schedule.

(4.) The pension to a constable on retirement who is partially incapacitated by infirmity of mind or body occasioned in the execution of his duty without his own default in a case other than a case of accidental injury, shall be according to the following scale; that is to say,

(a.) if he has completed not more than ten years service, an annual sum not more than twenty fiftieths of his annual pay; and (b.) if he has completed more than ten but not more than fifteen years service, an annual sum not more than one half of his annual pay; and (c.) if he has completed more than fifteen years service, an annual sum not more than his annual pay:$

Provided that if he has completed fifteen years service the pension shall not be less than the sum to which he is entitled under article one of this schedule.

(5.) The pension to a constable on retirement who is wholly incapacitated by infirmity of mind or body occasioned in the execution of his duty without his own default, in a case other than a case of accidental injury, shall be an annual sum not more than his annual pay, and if he has completed fifteen years service, not less than the sum to which he is entitled under article one of this schedule.

(6.) Any gratuity to a constable on his retirement who is incapacitated for the performance of his duty by infirmity of mind or body occasioned without his own default, but otherwise than in the execution of his duty, shall not exceed the amount of one month's pay for every completed year of service.

(7.) Where, on account of the infirmity of mind or body of a constable having been brought about or been contributed to by his own default or by his vicious habits, the pension granted to such constable is of less amount than that to which he would otherwise be entitled, the diminution of such pension shall not exceed five fiftieths of the annual pay of such constable.

(8.) A pension granted to a constable who has completed less than the fifteen years service shall not, if reduced on account of partial recovery from his incapacity, be less than one fiftieth of his annual pay for every completed year of service of such constable.

Ch. 14. Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883. 46 Vict.

Pensions, Allowances, and Gratuities to Widows and Children.

(9.) Where a constable has died from some cause which, if it had only incapacitated him for the performance of his duty, would have entitled him to a pension for life, the pension to his widow and the allowances to his children shall be according to the following scale: —

(a.) the pension to the widow shall be an annual sum equal to one tenth of the constable's pay or the sum of ten pounds, whichever is the larger; and,

(6.) the allowance to each child shall be an annual sum equal to one fiftieth of the constable's pay or two pounds ten shillings, whichever is the larger.

(10.) Where a constable has died from some cause not arising from his own default, but so that his widow and children are not entitled to pension or allowance under the preceding article of this schedule, any gratuities to the widow and children shall not exceed in the whole the amount of gratuity which could be given to the constable if he had at the time of his death become wholly incapacitated and retired.

(11.) The gratuity granted to the widow and children of a constable who dies within twelve months after the grant of a pension shall not exceed the difference between the annual pay of such constable and the amount he has actually received in respect of his pension.

(12.) The pension to a widow shall continue only while she remains a widow and continues to be of good character.

(13.) The allowance to a child shall not continue after the child attains the age of fifteen years.

General Provisions.

(14.) For the purpose of estimating any pension, gratuity, or allowance under this schedule —

(a.) a pension or gratuity to a constable shall be calculated according to the amount of his annual pay at the date of his retirement, or of the injury or cause occasioning the incapacity which compels his retirement, whichever is the larger;

(Z>.) a pension or gratuity to the widow and an allowance or gratuity to a child of a constable shall be calculated according to the amount of the constable's annual pay at the date of his death or of the injury or cause occasioning his death, or where he had a pension of his retirement;

(c.) but where a constable who becomes a member of the force after the passing of this Act has, in the course of the three years next before the date of his retirement, or death, or such injury, or cause, been in receipt of a different annual pay from that which he is receiving at that date, his annual pay at the date of the retirement, death, injury, or cause shaft be deemed to be the average annual amount of pay received by him for the said three years, instead of the annual amount actually received by him at that date.

(d.) Section twelve of the Act of the session of the fourth and fifth years of the reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter twenty-four, shall continue to apply to the pensions and gratuities to be granted to constables who became members of the Royal Irish Constabulary before the passing of this Act. Nothing contained in this Act shall be taken to extend that section to any pension or gratuity to which it would not apply if this Act had not been passed.

The annual pay with reference to which pensions and allowances under this Act shall be calculated is the pay set out in the First and Third Schedules to this Act. In converting weekly pay into annual pay the year shall be taken to be fifty-two weeks.

35

1883. Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1883. Ch. 14.

rising

SCHEDULE III.

Pates of Pay of Dublin Metropolitan Police.

- Annual salary on appointment 400/. by 15/. a year to 500/.

- Annual salary on appointment 250/., rising by 10/. a year to 3201.

- Annual salary on appointment 120/., rising by 61. a year to 160/.

Chief Superintendent Superintendent Inspector -

Acting inspector serving at the passing of this Act Station sergeant -

Sergeant:

Five years service in that rank and upwards -Two to five years service in that rank Under two years service in that rank -Acting sergeant serving at the passing of this Act Constable:

Fifteen years service in that rank and upwards Eight to fifteen years service in that rank Three to eight years service in that rank One to three years service in that rank Less than one year's service in that rank Supernumerary constable -In the Detective (" G ") Division the pay shall be subject to the modifications following : —

The annual salary of the superintendent shall be 300/., rising by 10/. a year to 400/.

The annual salary of the chief inspector shall be 160/., rising by 8/. a year to 200/.

The weekly pay of a sergeant of eight years service in that rank and upwards shall be 40s.

The weekly pay of an acting sergeant serving at the passing of this Act shall be 1/. 13s. 6d.

The constables who are styled detectives shall be paid 30s. a week, irrespective of their length of service as constables.

Weekly Pay.

£ s. d.

- 2 0 0

- 2 0 0

* 1 18 O

- 1 16 O

- 1 14 0

- 1 12 6

1 10 0

8 1 9 O

- 1 7 0

- 1 5 O

- 1 3 0

- 0 15 6

the above rate.

Sections 13 and 15.

SCHEDULE IV.

The pay of members of the Dublin Metropolitan Police appointed before Section 15. the 12th August 186*7, and who retire upon pensions calculated with ^reference to the scale of pay in force at the time of the passing of this Act, shall be estimated for the purposes of such pension as follows:$

Annual Pay.

Chief superintendent Superintendent

330/.

220/., rising by 6/. a year to 2501.

Weekly Pay.

Acting inspector - -

Station sergeant - -

Sergeant holding that rank at the passing of this Act Sergeant, who was an acting sergeant at the passing of this Act, and retires after not less than five yeai-3 service subsequent to his appointment as acting sergeant -

£ s. d.

1 16 0

1 16 0

1 14 6

1 14 6

36 Ch. 14,15. Constabulary md Police (Ireland) Act, 1883. 46 VrcT.!

Weekly Pay. j

Sergeant, who was an acting sergeant at the passing of £ s. d. this Act, and retires after less than five years service subsequent to his appointment as acting sergeant - 1 12 6,

Sergeant, who was a constable at the passing of this Act, and retires after not less than five years service as a sergeant - -114 6

Sergeant, who was a constable at the passing of thi$ Act, and retires after less than five years service as a sergeant 1 12 6 Acting sergeant - -112 6

Constable -190

The pension of an inspector who became a member of the force before the 12th August- 1867, shall be calculated with reference to the pay which he receives at the time of his retirement.-

The pay of members of the force serving in the Detective (" G '') Division, appointed before the 12th August 1867, and who retire upon pensions calculated witly reference to the scale of pay in force at the time of the passing of this Act, shall be estimated for sthe purposes-of such pension, as follows

. Annual Pay.

£ s. d.

The pay of a superintendent shall be estimated at - 250 0 0 Chief inspector - * - JL. lfcO 0; 0 J

P. Weekly Pay.

Inspector - 1‘ 19. 0

The senior acting inspector - - - - 119 0

Acting inspector * - 1 18 O'

Sergeant with not less than five years s ?'rvi'ce in that rank 1 18 . O' Sergeant with not less than two years service in that rank 1 14 6: Sergeant with less than two years service in that rank - '1, 13 6

Acting sergeant - - 1 13 6

Detective - 10 &

Constable - - 1 10 0.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,j 1845. [18th June 1888®

s & 9 Vict. \\f WHEREAS it is expedient .that the, provisions contained in the^ c-18, if Lands Clauses Consolidation Act; 1845, in. relation to the.,

appointment of umpires should be amended:

Be it therefore enacted Ly the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,! Jby and with the advice and " consent of the Lords Spiritual and; Temporal, and-Commons, in this present.Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

Amendment of i. The following words in section twenty-eight of the Land^j lyict.e. is. Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, are hereby repealed, that ia. to extending the say, " in toy Case in which a railway company shall be one party ?oimmentPot t arbitration, and two justices in any other case," and thatj umpired ° section shall, in relation to the appointment of any umpire under Board of Trade, the provisions thereof after the passing of this- Act,apply as if such-words were omitted, and the same section shall accordingly he read and have effect as follows:$

37

Lands Clauses (Umpire) Act, 1883. Ch. 15,16, 17.

28. If in either of the cases aforesaid the said arbitrators shall refuse or shall for seven days after request of either party to such arbitration neglect to appoint an umpire, the Board of Trade shall, on the application of either party to such arbitration, appoint an umpire, and the decision of such umpire on the matters on which the arbitrators shall differ, or which shall be referred to him under this or the special Act, shall be final

2. This Act may be cited as the Lands Clauses (Umpire) Act, Short title.

1883.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to grant a sum of money to Admiral Baron Alcester, G.C.B., in consideration of his eminent services.

[29th June 1883.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal ^subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly considering the approbation graciously signified by iour Majesty of the important services rendered by Baron Alcester, Admiral in Your Majesty's Navy, in the course of the recent expedition to Egypt, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most -Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A sumof t|wenty-.flvet thousand pounds shall be .paid to Grant of Admiral Baron Alcester, G.C.B., out of the Consolidated Fund of Baron* to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing Alcester. produce thereof.

2. This. Act may bunited as Lord.Alcester's Grant Act, 1883. Short title.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act' grant a sum of money, to General Baron Wolseleyra"Cairo, G.C.B., G.C.M.G., in consideration of his eminent services. * [29th June 1883.]

Most Gracious Sovereign, r WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the » Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly considering the ‘approbation graciously^ signified by Your Majesty of the important services rendered- by Baron Wolseley of Cairo, General in Your Majesty's Army,- in the- course of the recent expedition to Egypt, do most humbly-beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

38 £ta. 17,18.. , Lori, 1883. 46 & 47 Yi<^.|

Grant Of 1. Asum of thirtythousand pounds shall be paid to General

so.oooof. to ^Barou ^oteeiey of Cairo> and GiO?M.G., out: of the Cot*

wSey. solid^ted Fund- of the ‘ United Kingdom %& Great Britain and!

Breland, or the growing produce thereof.

Short title. 2. This Act may he cited as Lord Wolseley's Grant Act, 1883. J

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to make provision respecting certain Municipal Corporations and other Local Authorities not subject to the Municipal Corporation A.ct. [29th June 1888:|j Y\I WHEREAS Commissioners were appointed by His late Majesty]! ' ' King William the Fourth (in.- this Act preferred toi hs the Qoipmissione^Sipf ,1834)}to inquire into Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, and made reports respecting divers corporations,-I including most of those mentioned in the schedules to this A»ct: m And whereas the Munipipjil Corpdtation.' Acts. Consolidated and 1 repealed by the' Municipal Corporations' Act,-1882/were passed and applied to most of' the places'mentioned in1 thfe above report, hui J not to those which are mentioned in the scheduled,tbl this Act i ~ J' And whereas Comtfiistioners were appointed by Her Majesty to inquire into Murdcipal .Coifporationh not sul^ect to ^the Municipal Corporation Acts (in this Act‘referred to as the COrnmissioners ' of 1876); and have made to, Her Majesty Tespeching the plattn

mentioned in- the schedules to this Act. and it inexpedient to makel the provisions herein-after appearing respecting those places:$

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty! by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this 'prCsent Parliament assembled, and.} ,<i by the authority of the same, as'follow's':] j*

Short title; 1. This Act may ber cited as the Municipal Corporations Adftj 1883.

Abolition of 2. On and-afteri the twenty-fifth day of March ohe thousand eighw -Pgj judicial hundred and eighty-six, or such later day, not after the twenty-nintl! exciSve rights day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-si?, as5 of trading, Her Majesty in OouAd^.|n^;l.^ any place or places]

froT^mies &c aPP°bit, the fofiowing provision^ shall (subject to the sayings for i n ' c‘vested interest and pthey provision^ Contained in this Act) apply., to each of tile places mentioned in the schedules to this Act; thaffl is to say,

(1.) All civil, criminal, and Admiralty , jurisdiction of any corporate officer,. court, or: judge. qj| the said, plate .appointed or holding office under any,oharter, grant, qr prescription shall i cease, whether such j.qri^diietion. & (-conferred; b;y-sUqh char tel grant, or prescription, or by any Act, and thp;.placp shall be subject to the same jurisdiction as the, ,paji?t of the county is which,it isLsituate;,pr/to which it;adjoin&, and>|f it adjoins ^;more than* onp <$pnty;pr' part of a county; then asKthe /OPunty or part with which it has the longest common boundary:.,

(2.) All ^elusive rights of trading, local exemptions from juries, and other local franchises, privileges, and exemptions existing under any charter or grant or prescription shall cease,; |

3&

1883. Municipal Corporations Act, 1883. Ch. 18.

3. On and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight Future

hundred and eighty-six, or such later day, not after the twenty-ninth colorations, day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, as except as ' Her Majesty in Council may, in the case of any place or places, or

appoint, the following provisions shall (subject to the savings for 0

vested interests and other provisions contained in this Act) apply to under

each of the places mentionedin the schedules to this Act to which *°&41 Vict Her Majesty may . not be pleased before the said day to grant a c' new charter; that is to say,1 I (a.) The place shall not be a corporate town or borough, and any municipal or1 other corporation thereof '.existing under any charter or grant or prescription shall be dissolved:$

Ail property of any corporation in the place which is dissolved by this Act,' or.'df any person as member or officer thereof or of any court or judge whose jurisdiction is' abolished ui by this Act, shall be applied for the public benefit of the inhabitants of the- place in such 'manner as may be for the time being provided by a scheme of the Charity Commissioners, or, in a case where a scheme is made by the Local Government Board, by that scheme, and shall west in such persons or body Corporate as may 'br«pecified SI suchrscheme.

(2:) Provided that until any such- scheme takes effect the said property shall continue to be; held, managed, and enjoyed as heretofore in like manner as. if a scheme of the Charity Oommis-sibners, in .pursuance of this Act, had provided for such holding, management sand enjoyment, and : for that purpose the persons' managing the property shall continue in like manner as if they werea body constituted by the scheme for- the administration of such; property, but the legal estate in the property shall vest in' the official trustees. |

4. ' Nothing in this- Act. shall. prevent the.- application to any Saving for new plaicC1 oft any charter Applying;the Municipal- ?Co%)oratibn Acfe chartere and which Her Majesty maybe plteasecb to grant, or affect anything orc anfaes‘ done in pursuance of those Acts or any scheme- thereunder, -and

shall not affect the operation of any such charter, thing; or scheme'; save that nothing in the said Acts or schema shall authorise the establishment or continuance of any court for- the trial1 of - civil actions: SR

pKPf 'Nothin^ian;*this» Act/shall' affect: the* 'right; to the^bbfiefit of any charity, or shall falter or-confer any‘poWer''/of altering tho defined charitable purposes (i&any)cho which anyjpfoperty is fey law applicable at the passing of this Ant. I

5. Whereat the Commissioner® ©fi 187€ reported - that the places inquiry as to mentioned in the first pari? of the First Schedule to this Act-might Place® "e"-be dealt with]fey feeiifg shbjeete^to the provisions of the Municipal par^of Eirsf Corporations AcV1836',sand - the:Acts amending the s$Me, asifthey Schednfei were mentioned in ScheduleT B. of the Municipal Corporations Act,

183&: Be it therefore enacted as follows.:

As soon as Conveniently maybe after the passing‘of this Act, tb e Privy Council shall cause an inquiry to be made into the expediency off advising Her Majeskj^tfe grant a charter extending the Municipal Corporation Acts to the several places mentioned in the first part of! the First Schedule to this Act, and also whether

courts and officers.

40 Ch. 18. Munidpdl Oorporations Act, 1883. 46 & 47 VictkI

it'is expedient that any adjoining district not included in the Aviating corporations shall be included in the places to which such charters may he granted, and shall report to Her Majesty thereon;!a (2.) The expenses of such inquiry shall be regulated by the j Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and paid out of moneys 1 provided by Parliament.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall require an inquiry to be held J with respect to any place with respect to which a similar inquiry j has been held since the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

Power to Privy 6. The Privy Cojmcil, upon being satisfied by any applicants*! ^reserve^ertaia a^}er inquiry that it is expedient for the public so to do, may, by 3 order, provide for retaining any court leet or other court or any officer, whether as returning officer for the return of members to serve in Parliament, or as town clerk for the purpose of the registration of parliamentary voters, or otherwise, and for the appoint- -i ment of any officer so retained, subject in every case to such j exceptions, restrictions, and modifications as seem expedient.

. (2.) Subject to the provisions of any Order of the Privy Council,13 any person who at the passing of this Act holds an office by virtue-3 of which he is such returning officer or town clerk as aforesaid may j during the time limited for the tenure of his office continue to perform the duties of such returning officer or town clerk as afore^J said, and on the expiration of such time, or his otherwise ceasinga to perform the duties, the said duties shall, so far as regards the; returning officer, be performed in manner provided by the Act of| the session of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-seven, intituled " AnT Act to j " amend the law relating to the appointment of returning officerfl " in certain cases," and so far as regards the town clerk shall be* performed by the person in the parliamentary borough who is towna clerk within the meaning of section one hundred and one of the Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843.

7. Whereas there are local boards or improvement commissioned i^ard" some places mentioned in the First Schedule to this AcfyJ

respecting and the Commissioners of 1876 reported that it might be expedient! places under to establish local boards in other of such places: Be it therefore! local boards or enacted follows:$

(1.) Where any part of any of the places mentioned in any of.thejj schedules to this Act is comprised in the district of any local5? board or improvement commissioners, whether established! before or after the passing, of this Act, and Her Majesty is not pleased to grant a charter to such place, the Local Government Board, after such local inquiry as they think expedient, may?*; at any time before any corporation in the said place become^ . abolished,by;this Act,.make such scheme as might be:made by 1 the: Committee of 'Council: under part eleven :of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882-:

(2. bisections two hundred and thirteen and two hundred, ‘and* fourteen of and the Seventh Schedule to that Act shall, so far as is consistent with the tenour thereof, apply accordingly^ as if they were herein : re-enacted, with th0 substitution of the Local Government Board for the Committee of (Council,

Scheme of

improvement

commissioners.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

41

1883. Municipal Corporations Act, 1883. Ch. 18.

and of the said district for borough, and with a limitation to the purposes of this section:

. > (3.) A scheme may be made as aforesaid for the purpose of amending any previous scheme under this section:$

(4.) Sections two hundred and ninety-four, two hundred and | ninety-five, and two hundred and ninety-six of the Public as & 39 Vict. Health Act, 1875, shall, so far as is consistent with the tenour c-55-thereof, apply to any local inquiry held by order of the Local Government Board for the purposes of this section.

8. (1.) The Charity Commissioners may provide, by the appoint- *ower of ment of interim trustees and otherwise, for the security and proper m

management and application of the property, for the application of which such Commissioners have, or may in certain events have, power under this Act to make a scheme.

(2.) If any such property has after the first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, and before the date at which a charter or a scheme under this Act, or the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, as the case may be, takes effect, been alienated by way of sale, mortgage, grant, lease, charge, or otherwise, and such alienation has not been made in pursuance of some covenant, contract, or agreement bona fide made or entered into on or before the said first day of March, or of some resolution duly entered in the Corporation books -of the Corporation on or before the said first day of March, or in pursuance of any right saved by this Act, and such alienation has been made collusively and for no consideration, or for insufficient consideration, such alienation may be set aside in the like proceedings (instituted with the consent of the Charity Commissioners or of the Attorney-General) and in like manner as a lease of land of a charity granted without due consideration-may be set aside: Provided that if a charter is granted or a scheme- made Whereby the property is affected, the .said proceedings shall be commenced within one year after the charter or scheme takes effect. ;'' \-x ..a-

»'-(&) Anything authorised by this Act to -be done by the Charity Commissioners may be done by an order of those Commissioners, which may be made in like manner as if . the property were the endowment of a charity and application had been made as provided by the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869; and an i6&i7 Vict. order of the Charity CommiSsiohers ffiay be naade at any time after c-137-the passing of this Act, so, hoWever, that the order shall n# take ®f*088 Vict* effect until such date as the Charity Commissioners fix as being, in their opinion, under' the circumstances of the case, most consistent with the purposes of this Act.

- l(4j) Any corporation or person directly affected by any order of the Charity Commissioners Under this Act in relation «to any property made before a scheme under this Act has provided, for the application of such property, dr directly affected by the order of the Charity ^Commissioners which first establishes a scheme providing for the - application .ofo such - property, may, - if aggrieved by the order, appeal (except as herein-after provided) to the Privy Council, and the Privy .Council after considering the objections to the order and, if it seem necessary, hearing the parties, may make such order as in their opinion the Charity Commissioners ought to have made,

42 (}h. .18. Municipal Qo^orations Act, 1883. 46 & 47 manM

and such order shall have the same effect wider this Act as if made ! by the Charity Commissioners, and an appeal shall not lie to the 1

High Court of Justice under the Charitable^ Trusts Acts, 1853. to.1 1869, against any, order against; which an appeal to the, Privy j Council can be had in pursuance of this enactment, l:i (5.) After a scheme has been made under this Act providing for \ ... the application of any property .the Charitable Trusts Acts, ,1858 I to 1869, shall apply in all respects, as if the scheme were a scheme made in pursuance of those Acts, and the property shall for the ! I purpose of those Acts be deemed to be the endowment of a Charity.

Provision as to 9. (1.) All property by this Act , vested in the. official trustees or

France? any body corporate or persons shall, no. far as the same can be tran&j ]

thereof. ferredby this Act, be transferred by virtue of this Act, and so far as

the same cannot be so transferred, bei .held in l^ust. for .those ] trustees, body corporate, or persons, and shall bet vested *for the | same estate and interest, and subject to. the same liabilities, for and subject to which, such property was held at the time immediately before the same'becomes sojvested,;.

...(2.) For the purposes of..this Act .the expression " property^ < includes all property, real and personal, and all things in action, and all rights of common or commonable rights, and rights to toll, and all franchises, privileges, and rights , which have, any pecuhiargg value, and all charters, records, dee&s, 'books, and. documents, and includes any estate or interest, legal or equitable, inany property as so. defined; and all property held, enjoyed, daifned, >©r administered by any corporation, court, judge, or person shall for the purposes of; this, Act he deemed to be the property of such corporationiOr,.persoi$j | (3.) All powers and duties conferred or imposed by any local Act; of Parliament (including a Provisional Orderf confirmed by Parliament), on, and all trusts administered! by, jany corporation abolish'^ by this Act, Or any officers or nominees of such corporation, eitheij alone or jointly with; other persons, shall vest in. and be exerciser and performed, and administered by such persons,. &s may-be proa vided by a scheme under this Act, and until such scheme, takes effecij by the same persons as at the passing1 of this Act.

; (4.), Any .question which may arise as to whether anything is property within the meaning of this AOt, qr^as to whether anything is; vested in the'- official trustees or any body, corporate or persoBfij as provided by this Act, shall in the:first instan,Qe. be .dccided 'rby the. Ghar%.Commissioners,- subject*.qevertheless',to an appeal to the High Court of Justice, as provided by section eight of the 23 & 24 Vict. Charitable Trusts-Acts 1866, andr: such appeal may«bet presented .by. e. 136* any person interested or claiming, to be, interested in the-property and the provisions hof , this Actpwith respect; to<an . appeal- to the Privy Council shall not apply...

Reservation of 10. (1.) Every person who now is or hereafter may be an property and inhabitant of; any borough mentioned in any of the schedules to benSciai this Act, and: also every person who has been admitted or might exemptions to hereafter have been admitted a freeman or burgess of any such wives^md S borough of this Act had not been passed, or who. now is or hereafteE children. may he the wife or widow or spn or daughter' of .any freeman or burgess, or who may have espoused or may- hereafter espouse the daughter or widow of any freeman or .-burgess, or who has been os

VMv/n/icvpal Corporations Act, 1883. Ch. 18:

may hereafter be bound an apprentice, shall have and enjoy and be entitled to acquire and, enjoy the same share and benefit of the lands* tenements, and hereditaments, and of the rents and profits thereof, and of the common lands and public stock of any such borough or any municipal or other corporation thereof, and of any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and any sum or sums of money, chattels, securities for money, or other personal estate, of which any person or any corporation may be seised or possessed in whole or in part for any charitable uses or trusts, as fully and effectually, and for such time and in such manner as he or she by any statute, charter, byelaw, or custom in force at the time of passing this Act might or could have had, acquired, or enjoyed in case this Act had not been passed:. Provided that —

' The total amount to be divided amongst the persons whose rights are. herein reserved in this behalf shall not exceed the surplus which shall remain after payment of the interest:of all lawful debts chargeable upon the real or personal estate out of which the sums so to be divided have arisen, together with the salaries of municipal officers, and all other lawful expenses, which on the first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three were defrayed out of or. chargeable upon the same : (bi) Nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to apply .to any claim, right, or title, of i any burgesses or freemen^or of any person, to. any. discharge or exemption from any tolls, .or dues levied, wholly or .in partt by or to the use or benefit of any borough or corporation; and after the passing of this Act no person shall have or be entitled to .claim thenceforward any discharge or exemption from any tolls or dues lawfully levied i y in. whole ior jin part by. or to the use of any. corporation except as hereinafter iaiexeepted: g :ij($c,<) Nevertheless, every person who on the said, first day .of. March was an inhabitant or was entitled to be admitted a freeman or burgess of. any borough mentioned in any of the schedules to this Act, or who on the said first .day of.. March was the wife or widow, son or daughter, of any freeman or burgess of any . such borough, or who on- the said first day, of, March was boundan apprentice,;shaM:.be entitled to have*or acquire and epjoy the same discharge or exemption from any tolls .or dues lawfully levied in whole, or in part by or to.the use of any borough or corporation as fully and for such;time and in such sort as he or she by any statute, charter, byelaw, or efistpm in . force .on the first day of March might or would have , had,

. acquired, and enjoyed the same if this Act had not been passed, and no further or otherwise: hi ... (;d.) Where, by any statute, charter, byelaw, Jp custom in force.at the time of passing this Act within, any of theahoroughs^nen.-tioned in; any of the schedules to, this Act, any person whose | rights in this, behalf are herein reserved would have been liable in case this Act had not been passed tp pay any fine, fee, or sure of .money to any corporation, or to any member, officer, or servant of any corporation, in consideration of his freedom.,

. or of his or her title to such fights as are herein reserved, no such person shall be entitled to have or claim any share or

44 Ch. 18. Municipal Corporations Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

benefit in respect of the rights herein reserved as aforesaid nntil he or she shall have paid the full amount of such fine, fee, or sum of money to the treasurer of such borough, elected under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, or to such other person as may be appointed in that behalf by a scheme undef that Act or under this Act:

(e.) Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to entitle any person to any share or benefit of the rights herein reserved who shall not have first fulfilled every condition which, if this Act had not passed, would have been a condition precedent to his or her being entitled to the benefit of such rights, so far as the same is capable of being fulfilled according to- the provisions of this Act, or to strengthen, confirm, or affect: any claim, right, or title of s any burgesses or freemen of any borough or corporation) or of any person, to the benefit of any such rights as are herein-before reserved, but the same in every case may be brought in question, impeached, and set aside in like manner as if this Act had not been passed.

(2.) From and after the passing of this Act no person shall be elected, made, or admitted a burgess or freeman of any borough mentioned in any of the schedules to this Act by gift or purchase. ,;

(3.) Every scheme under the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, or this Act, shall, if need be, provide for carrying this section into effect, and for the enrolment of persons from time to time entitled under this section, and a scheme may be made for that purpose or for the purpose of managing any property to which the said persons may be for the time being entitled.

Saving for xi. (1.) If any person alleges that he is by virtue of this Act

vested interests, deprived of any emolument or pecuniary profit, or any other profit of a pecuniary value, he may apply to the Local Government Board, and that Board, if satisfied that the allegation is true, and that under all the circumstances the applicant bought, if deprived thereof, to receive compensation for the same, may order that he shall continue to enjoy such emolument or profit, or shall receive such compensation for the same as the Board may think just, and if the compensation is pecuniary, the money shall (and if necessary from time to time) be raised in such manner or paid out of such funds (being, so far as may be, the same manndr or funds in or outij of which the emolument or profit was previously raised or paid) ' as the order directs.

(2.) All liabilities of any 'corporation, court, judge, or officer abolished by this Act, existing at the time of Such abolition, shall be discharged out of the same funds and in the same manner, as near as may be, as they would, have, been if this Act had not* passed; and the Local Government Board, qn ithe application of any person interested, may by order provide in Such manner as they think, expedient for the discharge of such liabilities.

(3.) For the purposes of this section, a rate, toll,tor. .due may continuev to be levied, and may; be made, assessed,: levied, and collected by such persons as the Local Government Board direct, in like manner as if they were the persons who, if .this Act had not passed, would have been authorised to make, assess, and levy such rate, toll, or due.

45

1883. Municipal Colorations Act, 1883. Off. 18,'

- (4j) An order under this section may be; made an order of the High Court of-Justice, and may be enforced accordingly.

12. Nothing in this Act shall be in derogation of any power. Saying fori otherwise vested in the Committee'of Council, or the Charity powers of I

Commissioners, and the Committee of Council and Charity Com- Committeeof

. . I , , j- XT.- * x Council and

missioners may exercise tor the purposes of this Act all powers Charity Com- ;

otherwise vested in them in relation to boroughs and charities missioners.

respectively.

13. With respect to any cinque port or ancient town orj member saving as to of a cinque-port mentioned in the schedules to this Act, the follow-. Cinque Ports, mg provisions shall have effecti(,

CJj) Nothing in this Act shall diminish the jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports within the boundaries; defined by the Act of the session of the first and second years

r of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter seventy-six, intituled " An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for ." preventing the various frauds and depredations committed on merchants, shipowners,; and underwriters by boatmen " and others within the jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and " also for remedying certain defects relative to the adjust- ment of salvage under a statute made in the twelfth year " of the reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne," or-of any commissioners appointed in pursuance of that Act:

(2.) Nothing in this Act shall increase the authority or jurisdiction which any cinque port, or any court, justice, or officer of a cihque port, has over any member of a cinque port,'not- . withstanding that that member is, in pursuance of this' Act, no 'longer corporate:

(3?) The non-corporate members of any such cinque port or ancient town shall form part of the body of the county, and hundred, and other division in which those members are respectively situate.

14. In the event of a charter not being granted to Winchelsea Saving as to the property of the corporation of Winchelsea shall continue to be winchelsea-hel'd, managed, and enjoyed as heretofore,in like manner as if a

scheme of the Charity Commissioners, in pursuance of this Act, had provided for such holding, management, and enjoyment, and for that purpose the corporation .of Winchelsea shall, continue undissolved in like manner-as if it were constituted by the said scheme; and, notwithstanding anything in this Act, Winchelsea shall continue to be. entitled an ancient town of the Cinque vPorts.

15. (1.) Every body referred .to in. the First:Schedule to this Act' Provision as to shall, notwithstanding any mistake in the name , or description local authorities thereof. be subject to this Act&as a corporation, and be deemed 4^d&°®C Vict. to be a local authority within the meaning of section two hundred c. so.-

and thirteen of the Municipal .Corporations Act, 1882.

(2.) Any mayor, jurat, recorder, justice of the. peace, coroner, bailiff, sergeant, inspector,. or constable, or any other officer by-whatever name called, having, oyclaiming. the authority :of any judge or officer aboye: named, shah pe..deemedAto- he included in this Act in the,expression judge or officer, 4a.Mg case,may be.

. ,(3,). l^herq' in,any report of / the Commissioners of 1834, or hr , any report of the Commissioners v of 18l7'6flany corporation; courts

Ch. 18. Municipal Corporations Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

sessions,‘judge, recorder, justice, coroner, constable, inspector, authority, or officer, or any franchise, privilege, right, or exemption-or any property, is mentioned in connexion with any place mentioned in the schedules to this Act, that mention shall be evidence that the same is subject to this Act.

Saving for 16. (1.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the right enjoyed by

tufd acts done* any Pers0]1 the passing of this Act to vote for any member or members to serve in Parliament.

(2.) The abolition by this Act of any jurisdiction shall not affect anything done in pursuance of such jurisdiction before it it abolished; any offence committed before such abolition may be prosecuted, tried, and punished as if the jurisdiction had been abolished at the time when the offence was committed.

Saving for 17. Whereas it appears from the Report of the Commissioners of

Marsh. 1876, that doubt exists as to whether the corporation mentioned in

Part II. (of the First Schedule to this Act, as existing or reputed to exist in Romney Marsh, is a municipal corporation, and it is expedient to make such provision respecting the same and respecting the lords, bailiff and jurats of Romney Marsh as herein-after contained: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

(1.) The reputed corporation of the bailiff jurats and commonalty of Romney Marsh shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, continue to exist, and to elect officers, and to hold the property vested in them, but any such corporation shall not have or exercise any municipal rights or powers; and all property vested in such corporation shall continue to be applicable for the purposes to which it is at present. by law applicable or otherwise for the benefit of the inhabitants of the said place.

* (2.). Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the bailiff and justices of the corporation of Romney Marsh shall continue to be; appointed and elected, as nearly as may be, in like manner as heretofore, and to. have authority as justices in like;manner as if they were justices assigned by a commission from Her Majesty in a liberty not having a separate court of quarter sessions.

(3.) The reputed corporation of the lords bailiff and jurats of Romney Marsh shall not be deemed a municipal corporation,; and notwithstanding anything in this Act shall continue to exist, to elect officers, to hold the property vested in them, and; to exercise the same powers as heretofore, and all property vested in such corporation shall continue to be applicable for the purposes to which it is at present by law applicable or otherwise for the benefit of the inhabitants of the said place. Saving for 18. Whereas it appears from the Report of the Commissioners of Bower.n? atte" 1876 that doubt exists whether thej corporation of Havering-atte- Bower is a municipal corporation, and whether an Order in Council for the union of Havering-atte- Bower' to the county of Essex might be made in pursuance of the Act of the session of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and five, intituled' "An Act for " facilitating the union of liberties with the counties in which they " are situate," upon the petition of the justices of the said county,

47

3083. MWrdcipal Corporations Acfr, 1883. 0a. ]$>

without any petition* from the justices of Havering-atte- Bower-:

Be it therefore enacted as follows:

fo Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to apply to Havering-atte- Bower or to 'the justices or corporation | or reputed corporation thereof, save that it shall be lawful that an Order in Council be made for uniting Havering-atte- Bower to the county of Essex, in pursuance of the recited Act, upon the petition either of the justices of the said county or of the justices of Havering-atte- Bower.

19. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the corporation re1' Saving for ferred to in the Alnwick Corporation Act, 1882, shall continue to be' a Corporation and to hold and administer the property vested in Alnwick, such corporation at the passing of this Act, and shall apply the same for the purposes mentioned in the said Ahiwick Corporation Act, 1882, and the maintenance as heretofore of the Corporation schools, i or for any Other public or charitable purposes; and the provisions of this Act with respect to an inquiry by the' Privy Council or the Local Government Bodrd, or with respect to a scheme by the Local Government Board, shall not apply-'to Alnwick, and this Act shall not affect the provisions of the said Alnwick-Corporation Act, 1882:'-

20.. Whereas in Laughame and Malmesbury divers members of ^vingas to the Corpbfetion, whether Called burgesses, landholders, or any other MaWshnr/11 name, have the right to .occupy without rent or at low rente certain property 'belonging to the Corporation, and it is expedient to make provision with respect to such property, be it.enacted as folfows : (lv)( Inf thee vent of a charter n'ot being granted to Laughame or Malmesbury,'. theupr6|je,rtyi of the corporation of the place to - which a Charter is not' so granted shall continue to be ' held,

" managed, and enjoyedas^heretdfdr^in like' manner as'n a spheme .of the Charii# 'Commissioner^ in pursuance ,'of this : J Act;' had provided * for ' sufcE holding, erij merit, arid friahagd -. merit; and f6r that purpose the corporation ih the''said'place shall- contindd nUdissplyed in like manner. as if it were !J cdhstituted, by the said, scheme. , .- 1

UJ (23 The corporation of such'plaCe, subfe'dp tb the approval of the j. Charity Commissioners, may sell ali or any of" the property of

price that may‘be got for j5he ' Same; and, after'compensating or saving the.rights 6f .any person-'in suchpibperiiy, ^vhethet or may

1 pay; me^' pi*bceedl^to' ariy public affffidrity m ' the lopmty; to he applied By such authority for the benefit of the inhabitants ., of the said place. ;

The provisions of this Act. and of the Municipal Colorations ;Act, 1882,;for,- saving the rights. andinterCstS of freemen and ' of pefoohS whcf'* might have bCcdifird'' freemen shall e|tend;iio the rights and infreriKti^of persons wnd are or if this Act had not passed might haWbdbdnid landhdlaers^ assistant bhrMe^SS, VQr.capital burgesses riix MalffiCShfify, and for thatpurpoSe freemen of Malmesbury .may continue fo be elected^pahoiders, gt assistant Ttergesses, and capital bhigfesSeSl'

21. Whereas ibappears ijrp,m .the report, of the;Commissidhers. of Saving for 1876 that the ome|.,q|^aypr of PemteSke.

Municipal Corporations Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

Saving for Over.

Saving for Altrincham.

Saving for

honorary, and that the corporation has no revenue and no municipal function: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to prevent the election, of the mayor of Newport (Pembroke) as heretofore, or to dissolve the corporation of Newport (Pembroke), or deprive the lord of the manor or the burgesses of any tolls, rights of common,- or other rights of a pecuniary value.

22. Whereas it appears from the Export of the Commissioned of 1876 that the corporation of Over has no revenue, and no municipal function, and that the mayor of Over, elected at the court leet, has, a magisterial but no other jurisdiction : Be it therefore enacted as follows:

Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to prevent the holding of the court leet, and the election by such court of the mayor of Over as heretofore, but such mayor shall not, as such, have the jurisdic--tion of a justice, whether for criminal, licensing, or any other purpose.

23. Whereas it appears from the report of the Commissioners of 1876 that the corporation of Altrincham has no municipal function, and that the mayor of Altrincham elected at the court leet has no jurisdiction, be it therefore enacted as follows:

Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to prevent the holding of the court leet and the election by such court of the mayor of Altrincham as heretofore, but such mayor shall not have any jurisdiction magisterial, municipal, or other.

24. Nothing in this Act shall deprive the lord of the manor

manor of Corfe any title enjoyed by him under any charter!

Castle. 25. (1.) Nothing in this Act shall diminish, the liability of the ,

Saving for owner or occupier of any tenement to any rent or sum payable

certain rights, under any charter granted to any corporation mentioned in the Schedules to this Act, and any person entitled to receive such rent or sum shall have the same right and remedy for recovering the same as prior to the passing of this Act, and also upon the abolition by this Act of the corporation under the charter shall have the power of such corporation or of any officer of such corporation , to | enforce payment of such rent or sum.

(2.) The provisions of this section and of the other parts of this Act for protecting the rights of persons interested shall have effect in favour of Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and of any body corporate, not being a corporation abolished by this Act, in like manner as if Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and such body corporate, were included in the term person.

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the legal proceedingspending at the passing of this Act on the information of the Attorney General against the corporation of the mayor and burgessesfof Holt> and certain members of that corporation, and for the purpose of such proceedings the said corporation shall continue to be and to act as a corporation, and the mayor, bailiffs, and burgesses shall continue to be elected and appointed in like manner as if this Act had not passed, and any liabilities of such corporation under any judgment, decree, or order in such legal proceedings shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be liabilities of the corpora: tion existing at the time of the abolition thereof.

1883. Municipal Corporations Act, 1883. Ch. 18. 49

26. (1.) So much of any Act, law. charter, or usage as is incon- Repeal of Acts

sistent with this Act is hereby repealed. and charters.

(2.) The Act of the session of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-one, intituled "An Act to amend the law concerning .the making of " borough rates in boroughs not within the Municipal Corporation " Acts," shall, on and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, or such later day, hot after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, as Her Majesty in Council may appoint, be repealed, without prejudice to any rate previously made in pursuance of that Act, and without. prejudice to the making of any rate which is by this Act authorised to be made; and any such rate may be made, levied, collected, and applied, as nearly as may be, as if the said Act had not been repealed.

27. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — Definitions.

The expression "Privy Council" means the Lords of Her

, Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, or any two of them;

The expression " Committee of Council " means a Committee of the said Lords : .T|

The expression " Municipal Corporation Acts " has the same 45 & 46 Vict. meaning as in the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882:$

The expression " Charity Commissioners " means the- Charity Commissioners for England and Wales:

The expression " official trustees " means, as respects real property , the officiaTtrustee of charity lands, and as respects all other J6^17 iet* property the official trustees of charitable funds, acting under & 33 Vict. the Charitable Trusts Acts, 185-3 to 1869. c. no.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Places reported on by the Commissioners of 1876.

Part I.

Places to which the Commissioners of 1876 consider that the Municipal Corporation Acts might he applied.

Places. Corporation or reputed Corporation.

Aldeburgh Alnwick Appleby Bishop's Castle -Bradninch Christchurch Henley-on-Thames. Kidwelly Llanfylliii»/ .* Lostwithiel . > Lydd - -Malmesbury Montgomery - " The bailiff and bhrgesses of the borough of Aldeburgh. " The ohamberlains, common council, add freemen." " The mayor, aldermen, and capital burgesses." " The bailiff and burgesses of the borough of Bishop's Castle," " The mayor and burgesses of the borough of Bradninch." !> " The mayor and burgesses of the borough df; Christchurch." " The mayor, aldermen, bridgemen, and burgesses of Henley-on-Thames.'': - The mayor, aldermen, bailiffs, and burgesses." " The bailiffs and burgesses of the borough df Llanfyllin." The mayor and burgesses of Lostwithiel." " The bailiffs, jurats, and commonalty of the town of Lydd." " The aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Malmesbury." " The bailiffs and burgesses of the borough of Montgomery."

Municipal Colorations Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict

Places. Corporation or reputed Corporation.

New Romney " The mayor, jurats, and commonalty of the town and port of New Romney."

Okehampton Over Queenborough -Radnor -Saltask -Sutton Coldfield_-Wareham " The mayor and burgesses of the town and borough of Okehampton." " The mayor of Over." " The mayor, jurats, bailiffs, and burgesses of Quinborowe." " The bailiff, aldermen, and burgesses of New Radnor." " The mayor and free burgesses of the borough of Saltash." " The warden and society of the royal town of Sutton Coldfield." " The mayor, capital burgesses, and assistants of the borough of Wareham."

Wilton -Wokingham Woodstock Wootton Bassett " The mayor and burgesses of the borough of Wilton." " The aldermen and burgesses of the town of Wokingham." " The mayor and commonalty of the borough of New Woodstock." " The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of Wootton Bassett."

Part II.

Places not mentioned by the Commissioners o/ 1876 as places to which the Municipal Corporation Acts might be applied.

Places. Corporation or reputed Corporation.

Alresford Altrincham Axbridge Berkeley Bovey Tracey Brackley-Brading -Camelford Shipping Campden " Bailiff and burgesses of New Alresford." " The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of Altrincham." ‘' The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of Axbridge." " The mayor and aldermen of the borough of Berkeley." " The mayor and freeholders of Bovey Tracey." " The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of Brackley." " The bailiffs, burgesses, and commoners of the borough of Brading." " The mayor and burgesses of the vill of Camelford." " The high steward, deputy steward, treasurer, senior bailiff, junior bailiff, and capital and inferior burgesses of Chipping Campden."

Corfe Castle Cowbridge Dinas Mowddwy -Dunwich " The mayor, barons, and inhabitants of Corfe." " The bailiffs, aldermen, and burgesses of the town of Cowbridge." " The mayor and burgesses of Dinas Mowddwy." " The bailiffs, burgesses, and commonalty of the borough and corporation of Dunwich."

Dursley -East Looe Fordwich Garstang Great Dunmow -Harton -Havering - atte - Bower. Higham Ferrers | " The bailiff and aldermen of Dursley." " The mayor and free burgesses of the borough of East Looe." " The mayor, jurats, and commonalty of the town of Fordwich." " The bailiff and burgesses of the borough of Garstang." " The bailiff and burgesses of the borough of Great Dunmow." " The portreeve and burgesses of Harton." " The tenants and inhabitants of the lordship or manor of Havering-atte- Bower." " The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough and parish of Higham Ferrers."

Holt - - r Ilchester - Kenfig Kilgerran Lampeter Langport Eastover Laughame " The mayor and burgesses of Holt." ‘ ‘ The bailiff and burgesses of Hchester." " The constable of the castle, portreeve, and burgesses of Kenfig." " The portreeve and burgesses of Kilgerran." " The burgesses of the borough of Lampeter Pont Stephen." " The portreeve and commonalty of the borough of Langport." " The portreeve and burgesses of the town and corporation of Laughame."

Llantrissant " The constable of the castle, portreeve, aldermen, and burgesses of Llantrissant."

Places.

Corporation or reputed Corporation.

Loughor -Marazion Nevin

Newport (Salop) -Newport (Pembroke).

Orford Overton -Petersfield Pevensey

Romney Marsh -

St. Clear's

Seaford -

Thornbury

TJsk - -

Westbnry

Wickwar

Winchcomb

Winchelsea

Wootton - under-Edge.

Yarmouth (Isle of Wight).

" The portreeve, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of Loughor." " The mayor, burgesses, and inhabitants of the town of Marazion."

" The mayor, bailiffs, and burgesses of the town and borough of Kevin."

" The high steward, bailiffs, and burgesses of Newport."

" The mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of Newport."

" The mayor and commonalty of the borough of Orford."

" The burgesses of Overton."

" The mayor of Petersfield."

" The bailiff, jurats, and commonalty of the town and liberty of Pevensey."

" The bailiff, jurats, and commonalty."

" The burgesses and commonalty of St. Clear's."

" The bailiff, jurats, and freemen of the town and port of Seaford."

" The bailiff and aldermen of Thornbury."

" The portreeve and burgesses of Usk."

" The mayor and burgesses of Westbury." y The mayor and aldermen of Wickwar."

" The bailiffs and burgesses of Winchcomb."

" The mayor, jurats, and commonalty of the ancient town of Winchelsea."

" The mayor and aldermen of Wootton-under-Edge."

" The mayor and chief burgesses of the borough of Yarmouth."

Note. — Since the report of the Commissioners a charter has been granted to the town of Lewes.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Places in which, the Commissioners o/1876 report that a Municipal Corporation has not existed or has become virtually extinct.

Part I.

Places mentioned in paragraph (15) of the Report of the Commissioners of 1876 as places which either have not been municipal or have long since ceased to be so:$

Bala.

Bangor.

Bridlington.

Chipping Sodbury.

Criccieth.

Crickhowell.

Farnham.

Fishguard.

Fowey.

Grampound.

Harlech.

Hay.

Machynlleth.

Midhurst.

Newborough.

Newton (Lancashire).

Part II.

Presteign.

Ruyton.

St. David's. Tavistock. Weobley. Wiston.

Places mentioned in paragraph (16) of the Report of the Commissioners of 1876 as having had municipal corporations in 1835 ;

Bossinny. Llanelly. Rhuddlan.

Caerwys. Newtown (Isle Tregony.

of Wight). West Looe.

Castle Rising. Clun.

Plympton Earle.

52

Royal University empowered to choose one member of General Medical Council.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend the Medical Act (1858).

[16th July 1888.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of Her Majesty's reign, entitled " The Medical Act," a Council, entitled 1 The General Council of Medical Educa- tion and Registration of the United Kingdom," was established; and by the same Act it was provided that such Council should consist of twenty-three persons, of whom six were to be nominated by Her Majesty, with the advice of Her Privy Council, and the rest by certain universities and medical bodies therein named, and among such universities the Queen's University in Ireland was empowered to choose one member of the said Council: and whereas by an Act passed in the forty-second and forty-third yearn of Her Majesty's reign, entitled " The University Education (Ireland) Act, 1879," it was provided that it should be lawful for Her Majesty by charter to found an university in Ireland, which should be one body politic and corporate, by such name as Her Majesty should appoint; and by the said Act it was also provided that upon a day within a period of two years from the granting of any such charter, to be fixed by the Lord Lieutenant by order made by and with the advice and consent of the Privy Council in Ireland, the Queen's University in Ireland should be dissolved: and whereas by charter dated twenty-seventh day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty Her Majesty, pursuant to the power by said last-recited Act conferred, did constitute a university, which should be one body politic and corporate, by the name of the Royal University of Ireland : and whereas, subsequently, a day for this purpose having been duly fixed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, by order made with the advice and consent of the Privy Council in Ireland, the Queen's University in Ireland has been dissolved, and the right enjoyed by the said University to nominate a member of the aforesaid Medical Council has for the future ceased to exist: and whereas it is expedient to confer upon the said Royal University of Ireland the power to appoint a member of the aforesaid Medical Council in the same manner as the Queen's University in Ireland was heretofore entitled:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this, present Parliament assemble d, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Royal University of Ireland shall henceforth have, enjoy, and exercise the power to choose one person to be a member of the General Council of Medical Education and Registration of the United Kingdom in the same manner and as fully and subject to the same regulations and conditions as the said Queen's University in Ireland until its dissolution enjoyed and exercised the same; and such person shall have the same authority, and perform the same duties as the person formerly elected a member of said Council by the Queen's University in Ireland, the first appointment to take

1883. Medical Act (1858) Amendment Act, 1883. Ch. 19-21.

53

effect from the time when the existing appointment made by the Queen's University in Ireland shall expire and cease to have effect.

2. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Medical Act Short title. (1858) Amendment Act, 1883.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Registry of

HP" years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter eighty-seven, intituled "An Act to regulate the Office for regis- tering Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland,", by section six of the said Act it is enacted as follows:$

"That after the said thirty-first day of December one thousand ' " eight hundred and thirty-two the said register office shall be rt kept open for business from the hour of ten in the forenoon " until the hour of four in the afternoon of every day in the 1.1 " year, excepting Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday,

" and days of Public. Fast or Thanksgiving: "

And whereas it is expedient to amend the said section:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tejfijppral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. From and after the passing of this Act the said register office Alteration of shall be kept open for business from the hour of ten in the forenoon

until the hour of four in the afternoon of every day in the year, register office, excepting Saturdays, On which days the office shall be closed at the hour Of two in the afternoon; provided that the office shall be kept closed on Sundays, Good Friday, Easter Monday, Whitsun Monday, Christmas Day, and the two week days next after Christmas Day, and on. days of Public Fast or Thanksgiving.

2. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Registry ofShort Deeds Office (Ireland) Holidays Act, 1883.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to continue' certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited times some .of the Acts herein-after specified, and to repeal .others:$

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the. same, as follows.: .g.

schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the third column thereof, continue in force until the first day of September, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

2. The Acts specified in the first and. second columns of the second schedule annexed hereto shall, to th© extent specified in

Deeds Office, Ireland.

[16th July 1888.]

HEREAS by an Act of the session of the second and third

connected therewith.

[2nd August 1883.]

1. The Acts specified in the first, and second columns of the first Schedule i.

54 Ch. 21. Annual TwnypikeActs Continuance Act, 1883.46 & 47 Vici;

Schedule 3.

41 & 43 Vict. c. 77.

Schedule 4.

Schedule 5.

Schedule 6.

Schedule 7.

the third column thereof, continue in force until the first day of November, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, and no longer. 1 j

3. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the third schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the third column thereof, be repealed on and after the first day of November, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three.

Provided that so much - of the road from Shrewsbury to Holy-head as is situate in the county of Salop, being that portion of the said road in relation whereto the said Acts are repealed by this section, shall upon such repeal become a main road within the meaning of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878; and, in conformity with and subject to the provisions of that Act, one half of the expenses incurred from and after the first day of November, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three by the highway authority in the maintenance of such main road, shall, as to every part thereof which is within the limits of any highway area, be paid to the highway authority of such area by the county authority.

Terms used in this section shall have the same meaning as in the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878.

4. The Act specified in the first and second qolunms of the fourth schedule annexed hereto shall, as from the date specified in the third column thereof, be subject to the modifications specified in the fourth column thereof, and shall, as so modified, .continue in force until the first day of November, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and no longer: Provided that, if the tolls should pease to be levied upon the roads to which the said Act is applicable before the first day of November, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, in pursuance of an Order made by the Local Government Board, under section fifteen of the Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1873, the said Act shall in that case expire on the date when the tolls shall so cease to be levied.

5. The Act specified in the first and second columns of the fifth schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the third column thereof, as from the date specified in the fourth column thereof, be subject to the modifications specified in the fifth column thereof, and shall to the same extent, as so modified, continue in force, ..until the first day of November, pne thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

6. The Acts specified in the sixth schedule annexed hereto shall continue in force uhtiT the first day of November, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

7. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the seventh schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the third column thereof, be repealed on and after the first day of November, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides, due regard being had to local requirements, and to the special circumstances of the trust. I

Si otbe^Tmrn- .°^er Acts now in force for regulating, making, amending,

pike Acts. 7* or repairing any turnpike road which will expire at or before the

1883. Animal Turnpike Acts Cmtimwmce Act, 1883. Ga. 21. 5,

end of the next session of Parliament, shall continue in force until the first day of November, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides; but this section shall not affect any Act continued to a specified date and no longer, or any Act which is to be repealed at a specified time.

9. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

10. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Annual Turn- short title, pike Acts Continuance Act, 1883.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULES 1, 2, 3, and 4.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Schedule. No. of Act.

Cumberland- Carlisle and Eamont Bridge, Northern Division 2 6

Glasgow and Carlisle (part) - - . 1 1,2,3,4,5

Devon Tiverton - ~- 2 8

Kent Biddenden to Boundgate - - * 2 7

Lancaster - Oldham and Ripponden - - 2 9

Northumber- Berwick, Norham, and Islandshires - 2 11

land. Ford and Lowick - 4 17,

Salop Shrewsbury and Holyhead (part)' 3 13,14,15,16

Surrey Kingston and Leatherhead - 2 10

York Rotherham and Wortley- '- - ' 2 12

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts which to the extent specified are to continue in force until the 1st of September 1883, and no longer.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

Extent to which Act continued.

is

56 Geo. 3. c. lxxxiii.-58 Geo. 3. c. xliv.

59 Geo. 3* c. xc.

1 & 2 Geo. 4.0. cxxvii.

2 Will. 4. c. 0.'

1. An Act for improving the -road from the city, of Glasgow to the oity of Carlisle

2. An Act to alter the application of part of the sum of fifty thousand pounds granted by an Act passed in the fifty-sixth year of

. the reign or Bis present Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the road from the city of Glasgow to the city of Carlisle

3. An Act for altering and amending two Acts passed in the fifty-sixth and fifty-eighth years of the reign of His present Majesty, for improving the road from the city of Glasgow to the city of Carlisle -

4. An Act for enlarging, explaining, and amending the powers granted*by certain Acts passed for improving the road from the city of Glasgow to the city of Carlisle

5. An Act for amending and enlarging the

powers, and renewing the term granted by certain Acte passed for improving the communication between the city Of Glasgow and the city of Carlisle r — - -

1

So far as regards that portion of the road from g Glasgow to Car-' lisle which is situate in the county Of Cumberland.

5G

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts which to the extent specified are to continue in force until the 1st of November 1883, and no longer.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent to which Act is continued.

22 & 23 Vict. c. xxv. - 6. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter one hundred and ten, intituled "An Act for more effectually " repairing the road from Carlisle to Pen- rith, and from Penrith toEamont Bridge, " in the county of Cumberland," and to make other provisions in lien thereof. So far as regards the " Northern Division " of the road.

24 Vict. c. v. 7. An Act to continue the Biddenden Turnpike Trust in the county of Kent; and for other purposes. The whole Act.

24 Vict. c. xix. 8. An Act to repeal an Act of the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Fourth, for improving several roads and making certain new roads in the counties of Devon and Somerset leading to and from the town of Tiverton, and for amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing several roads leading from and through the town of Wiveliscombe, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof. The whole Act.

24 Vict. c. xxv. 9. An Act to repeal an Act for more effectually amending the road from Oldham, in the county of Lancaster, to Ripponden, in the county of York, and other roads in the same counties, and for making and maintaining a new branch to communicate therewith, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof, so far as regards the said road from Oldham to Ripponden, and the other roads already made in connexion therewith. The whole Act.

24 Vict. c. xxvii. 10. An Act for extending the term and amending the provisions of the Act relating to the Kingston-upon-Thames and Leatherhead turnpike road, in the county of Surrey. The whole Act.

24 Vict. c. lix. 11. An Act for maintaining certain roads and bridges in the county of the borough and town of Berwick-upon-Tweed and counties of Northumberland and Berwick, and for the liquidation of the debt due on the security of the tolls taken on the said roads and bridges. The whole Act.

25 & 26 Vict. c. cxix. 12. An Act for the Rotherham and Worbley turnpike road, in the West Riding of the county of York. The whole Act.

1883.

A nnual Turnpike Acte Continuance Act, 1883. Ch. 21

57

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Acte which to the extent specified are to be repealed on and after the 1st of

November 1883.

l.

2.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

Extent of Repeal.

59 Geo. 3. c. 30

13. An Act for vesting in Commissioners the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon, and for discharging the trustees under several Acts of the seventeenth, twenty-eighth, thirty-sixth, forty-first, forty-second, forty-seventh, and fiftieth years of His present Majesty, from the future repair and maintenance thereof; and for altering and repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said line of

59 Geo. 3. c. 48

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 21

3 & 4 Vict. c. 104

road.

14. An Act to amend an Act passed in the fifty-fifth year of His present Majesty for granting to His Majesty the sum of twenty thousand pounds towards repairing roads between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by Shrewsbury, and for giving additional powe'rs to the Commissioners therein named to build a bridge over the Menai Straits, and to make a new road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead, in the county of Anglesea.

15. An Act to amend and alter an Act of the fifty-ninth year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for vesting in commissioners the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon; and for discharging the trustees under several Acts of the seventeenth, twenty-eighth, thirty-sixth, forty-first, forty-second, forty-seventh, and fiftieth years of His then present Majesty, from the future repair and maintenance thereof; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said line of road.

16. An Act to transfer to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Works, and other commissioners, the several powers now vested in the commissioners for repairing the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon; and to amend the London and Holyhead Roads Acts, so far as relates to the Dunstable Road.

So far as the same relate to that portion of the road y from Shrewsbury toHolyheadwhich is situate in the county of Salop.

J

Ch. 21. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance ^4^/1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Act which is to continue in force until the 1st of November 1886, or to the date when the tolls shall cease to be levied, and no longer, subject to modifications.

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Date from which Modifications are to commence. 4. Modifications.

30 Vict. 17. An Act for maintaining certain 1 Novem- No interest payable.

c. lxxxiv. roads and bridges in the county of Northumberland, called the Ford and Lowick turnpikes, and for the liquidation of the debt due on the security of the tolls taken at the Baid roads and bridges. ber 1883. No money to be expended from the tolls in the repair of the roadB. Salaries not to exceed 501 per annum.

SCHEDULES 5, 6 and 7.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Schedule. No. of Act

Derby - Birkin Lane ---- 6 12

Sheffield and Chapel-en-le-Frith 6 11

Tupton and Ashover * 6 12

Gloucester Haw Bridge ---- 6 6

Tewkesbury, Severn Bridge - 5 1

Hants - Winchester Road - 6 9

Kent Folkestone and Barham ... 6 8

Lancaster Manchester and Ashton-under-Lyne 6 5

Manchester and Salter's Brook 6 2,3

Notts - Retford and Gainsborough - 6 7

Sussex - New Chappel, Lindfield, and Brighton 6 10

York - Ferrybridge and Boroughbridge 6 4

Anglesey |

Carnarvon Denbigh Shrewsbury and Holyhead (part) - 7 f 13, 14, 115, 16

Merioneth J

Flint Flint, Holywell, and Mostyn - 7 17

59

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Act which is to continue in force, subject to modifications, until the 1st November 1884, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

1. 2. S. 4. 5.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent to which Act is modified and continued. Date from which Modifications are to commence. Modifications.

13 & 14 Vict. c. lxvi. 1. An Act for continuing the term of an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of His late , Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled, An Act for building a bridge over the River Severn at | So far as the same relates to the bridge over the River Severn at or near the Mythe Hill. 1st November 1883. No interest payable. Return toll upon horses drawing to be abolished.

or near to the Mythe Hill, within the parish and near to the town of Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester, to the opposite side | of the said river, in the parish of I Bushley, in the county of Worcester, and for making convenient roads and avenues to communicate with such bridge, within the counties of Gloucester and Worcester, and of another Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled an Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the powers and provisions of an Act relating to the Tewkesbury Severn Bridge and Roads, for the purpose of paying off the debt now due on the said bridge and roads.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until 1st November 1884, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

7 Geo. 4. c. xvi. * 2. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the roads from Manchester in the county palatine of Lancaster to Salter's Brook, in the county palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining several extensions or diversions of road, and a new branch of road to communicate therewith.

3 Will. 4. o. lvii. 3. An Act to amend an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the roads from Manchester to Salter's Brook, and for making several roads to communicate therewith, and also for making a certain new extension or diversion of the said roads instead of a certain extension or diversion by the said Act authorised to be made.

5 & 6 Vict. c. lxxxvi. 4. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the road leading from Ferrybridge, through Wetherby, to Boroughbridge in the county of York.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

14 Vict. c. xli.

15 Vict. c. lix.

5. An Act to continue the term of the Act of the sixth year of George the Fourth, chapter fifty-one (Local), so far as relates to the turnpike road between Manchester and Audenshaw in the parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, and to make better provision for the repair of the road; and for other purposes.

6. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Acts relating to the Haw Passage Bridge in the county of Gloucester.

24 Vict. c. vi.

25 Vict. c. vi.

25 Vict. c. xii.

7. An Act to repeal the Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the west end of Gainsburgh Bridge to East Retford, and to Grigley-on the-Hill in the county of Nottingham, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

8. An Act for extending the term and amending the provisions of the Acts relating to the Folkestone to Barham Downs turnpike road in the county of Kent.

9. An Act for the Winchester Road in the county of Southampton.

25 & 26 Vict. c. lix. - 10. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the New Chappel, Lind-

field and Brighton, and Ditcheling and Clayton Roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

25 & 26 Vict. c . cxxxiv. 11. An Act to repeal the Act " for repealing two Acts for repairing " the road from Little Sheffield in the county of York to Sparrow " Pit Gate in the county of Derby, and also an Act for making " a road from Banner Cross in the West Riding of the county " of York to Fox House in the county of Derby, and for con- solidating the trusts of certain roads mentioned in the said " Acts, and for amending and making certain other roads to " communicate therewith, and for other purposes; '' and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

25 & 26 Vict. c. cxlvii.

12. An Act for more effectually repairing certain roads called " The Tupton and Ashover Road," and " The Birkin Lane Road," in the county of Derby.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which to the extent specified are to be repealed on and after the 1st of November 1884, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

1. 2. 8.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

59 Geo. 3. c. 30 13. An Act for vesting in Commissioners the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon, and for discharging the trustees under several Acts of the seventeenth, twenty - eighth, thirty - sixth, forty - first, forty-second, forty-seventh, and fiftieth years of His present Majesty, from the future repair and maintenance thereof; and for altering and repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said line of road. '

l.

Date of Act.

59 Geo. 3. c. 48

3 & 4 Vict. c. 104

26 Vict.

C. XXX.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 21 -

Title of Act.

14. An Act to amend an Act passed in the fifty-fifth year of His present Majesty for granting to His Majesty the sum of twenty thousand pounds towards repairing roads between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by Shrewsbury, and for giving additional powers to the Commissioners therein named to build a bridge over the 'Menai Straits, and to make a new road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead, in the county of Anglesea.

15. An Act to amend and alter an Act of the fifty-ninth year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for vesting in commissioners the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon; and for discharging the trustees under several Acts of the seventeenth, twenty-eighth, thirty-sixth, forty-first, forty-second, forty-seventh, and fiftieth years of His then present Majesty, from the future repair and maintenance thereof; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said line of road.

16. An Act to transfer to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Works, and other commissioners, the several powers now vested in the commissioners for repairing the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon; and to amend the London and Holyhead Bonds Acts, so far as relates to the Dunstable Boad.

17. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the several roads comprised in the Flint, Holywell and Mostyn Districts of roads; and for reviving and extending the powers for the construction of certain new roads; and for other purposes.

Extent of Repeal.

So far as the same relate to that portion of the road from Shrewsbury to Holyhead which is situate in the counties of Anglesey, Carnarvon, Denbigh, and Merioneth.

The whole Act.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to carry into effect an International Convention concerning the Fisheries in the North Sea, and to amend the laws relating to British Sea Fisheries.

[2nd August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authoritj'' of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

Short title.

Ch. 22.

46 & 47 VICT.

Confirmation of Convention.

Power to Her Majesty, by Orders inCoun-cil, to make,&c. regulations for execution of Act and maintenance of order.

Punishment for violation of Articles 13 to 22 of Convention, and for other offences.

Punishment for violation of Article 23 of Convention.

Regulations as to fights for sea fishing boats.

Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

Confirvnation of Convention. I

2. The Convention set out in the first schedule to this Act (referred to in this Act as the Convention) is hereby confirmed, and the Articles thereof shall be- of the same force as if they were enacted in the body of this Act.

Fishery Regulations.

3. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty from time to time, by Order in Council, to make, alter, and revoke regulations for carrying into execution this Act, and the intent and object thereof, and for the maintenance of good order among sea fishing boats, and the persons belonging thereto, and to impose fines not exceeding ten pounds for the breach of such regulations.

4. If within the exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands any person, or if outside those limits any person belonging to a British sea-fishing boat,

(a.) acts in contravention of Articles thirteen to twenty-two (both inclusive) of the first schedule to this Act, or any of them; or,

(6.) causes injury to any person in any one or more of the following ways, namely, by assaulting any one belonging to another sea-fishing boat, or by causing damage to another seafishing boat, or to any property on board thereof, or belonging thereto; or

(c.) fishes for oysters or has on board his boat any oyster dredge within any seas and during any time within and during which oyster fishing is prohibited by law, or by any convention, treaty, or arrangement to which this Act may be hereafter applied;

such person shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding, three, months, with or without hard labour;

5. If within the exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands, any person, or if outside those limits, any person belonging to a British sea-fishing boat,

(a.) Uses any instrument for the purpose of damaging or destroying, by cutting or otherwise, any fishing implement belonging to another sea-fishing boat, except in the cases provided for by Articles twenty and twenty-one of the first schedule to this Act; or,

(6.) Takes on board br has on board such boat any instrument serving only or intended to damage or destroy fishing implements, by cutting or otherwise; such person shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or in the discretion of the .court to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour, and the instrument shall be liable to be forfeited.

6. The regulations respecting lights for the time being in force under the Acts relating to merchant shipping shall, so far as they relate to sea-fishing boats, be . deemed to be provisions of this Act and may be enforced accordingly, and a sea-fishery officer shall for that purpose, in addition to his powers under this Act, have the

63

1883. Sea Fisheries Act, 1883. Ch. 22;

same powers as are given to any officer by the said Acts relating to merchant shipping.

Exclusive Fishery Limits.

7. (1.) A foreign sea-fishing boat shall not enter within the ons 88 exclusive fishery limits of the British Hands, except for purposes £hbg1Sate* recognised by international law, or by any convention, treaty, or within exciu-arrangement for the time being in force between Her Majesty and

any Foreign "State, or for any lawful purpose.

(2.) If a foreign sea-fishing boat enters the exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands,

(a.) The boat shall return outside of the said limits so soon as the purpose for which it entered has been answered;

(b.) No person on board the boat shall fish or attempt to fish while the boat remains within the said limits;

;(c.) Such regulations as Her Majesty may from time to time prescribe by Order in Council shall be duly observed.

(3.) In the event of any contravention of this section on the part of any foreign sea-fishing boat, or of any person belonging thereto, the master or person for the time being in charge of such boat shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding, in the case of the first offence, ten pounds, and in the case of a second or any subsequent offence, twenty pounds.

mi: >, . Registry of British Sea-Jisking Boats.

8. (1'.) Sections twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four, and tof

twenty-six of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868 (which relate to the e-45. eg> 22-26. registry of British sea-fishing boats), shall have effect as if Articles

five to^twelve (both inclusive) of the -first schedule to this Act were therein referred to in addition to the Articles of the first schedule to that Act in the said sections mentioned, and as if offences under this Act were offences in the Said sections ‘mentioned 5 provided that nothing in the said Sections shall be deemed to authorise any foreign sea-fishery officer to do anything which he is not, under the first schedule to this Act, authorised to do. jj (2.) Section one hundred and seventy-six of the Customs Con-39 & 40 Vict. solidation Act, 1876, shall not apply to any British sea-fishing boatc>36, entered or registered in pursuance of the said sections of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

9. (1.) There shall, not be manufactured of .sold or exposed for Prohibition of sale at any place within the British Islands, any instrument serving

only or intended to damage or destroy fishing implements, by instruments cutting or otherwise. Jj Vi wuV.fi vSlVI ' for destroying

(2.) In the event of any contravention of this .section a person imple~ guilty thereof shall be liable, on summary convection, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or,in the discretion of the pour t, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, .with or, without hard labour, and the instrument shall be .liable to be, forfeited.,

10. The boats, and things specified in Article, t^ntf‘:five of the Provision as to first schedule' to this, A?et shall be ,deemed to be!.,1‘.wreck " within the meaning of any Acts relating.-to merchant, shipping, so however tion),

that the provisions of the said. Article shall be duly observed.

64 Ch. 22. Sea Fisheries Act, 1883. 46&47ViCTi

Enforcement of Act.

who are to be 11. (1.) The provisions of this Act and of any Order in Council British and un(jer this Act or under the sections of the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, officers, amended by this Act shall be enforced by sea-fishery officers, either British or foreign.

(2.) The following persons shall be British sea-fishery officers; that is to say, every officer of or appointed by the Board of Trade, every commissioned officer of any of Her Majesty's ships on full pay, every officer authorised in that' behalf by the Admiralty, every British Consular Officer, every collector and principal officer of Customs in any place in the British Islands, and every officer of Customs in the British Islands authorised in that behalf by the Commissioners of Customs, every divisional officer of the coast guard, and every principal officer of a coastguard station.

(3.) The following persons shall be foreign sea-fishery officers, that is to say, the commander of any vessel belonging to the Government of any Foreign State bound by the Convention, and any officer appointed by a Foreign State for the purpose of enforcing the Convention, or otherwise recognised by Her Majesty as a sea-fishery officer of a Foreign State.

Powers of 12. For the purpose of enforcing the provisions of this Act and fishery officers any Order in Council under this Act or under the Sea Fisheries ' Act, 1868, as amended by this Act, a British sea-fishery officer may with respect to any sea-fishing boat within the exclusive limits of the British Islands and with respect to any British sea-fishing boat outside of those limits exercise the following powers:

(1.) He may go on board it;

(2.) He may require the owner, master, and crew, or any of them, to produce any certificates of registry, licences, official logbooks, official papers, articles, of agreement, muster rolls, and other documents relating to the boat, or to the crew, or to any member thereof, or to any person on board the boat, which are in their respective possession or control on board the boat, and may take copies thereof or of any part thereof;

(3.) He may muster the crew of the boat;

(4.) He may require the master to appear and give any explanation concerning his boat and her crew, and any person on boapjg his boat, and the said certificates of registry, licences, official logbooks, official papers, articles of agreement, muster rolls, and other documents, or any of them;

(5.) He may examine all sails, lights, small boats, anchors, grapnels, and fishing implements belonging to the boat;

(6.) He may seize any instrument serving only or intended to damage or destroy fishing implements, by cutting or otherwise, which is found on board the boat or in the possession of any person belonging to the boat;

(7.) He may make any examination or inquiry which he deems necessary to ascertain whether any contravention of the pro-, visions of this Act, or of any such Order of Council as aforesaid has been committed, or to fix the amount of compensation due for any damage done to another sea-fishing boat, or to any person or property on board thereof of belonging thereto, and may administer an oath for such purpose; and

1883. Sea Fisheries Act, 1883. Cs. 22- 65

(8.) In the case of any person, who appears to him to have com-, mitted any such contravention he may, without summons, warrant, or other process, both take the offender and the boat to which he belongs and the,crew thereof to the nearest or most ... convenient port, and bring him or them before a competent court, and detain him, it, and them in the port until the alleged contravention has been adjudicated upon.

13. For the purpose of carrying into effect the Convention, and Powers of of exercising and performing the powers and duties thereby vested

in and imposed on cruisers and commanders of cruisers, a foreign fishery officers, sea-fishery officer may, with respect to any British sea-fishing boat, and any sea-fishery officer, whether British or foreign, may, with respect to any foreign sea-fishing boat to which .this Act for the time being applies, exercise any of the powers conferred by this Act on British sea-fishery officers.

Provided that —

(a.) Nothing in this section shall authorise a sea-fishery officer to do anything not authorised by the Convention; and ,(p.) The port to which any sea-fishing boat or any person belt ponging thereto is taken shall, except where the nationality of , such boat is not evidenced by official papers, be a port of the state to which such boat belongs.

14. (1.) A sea-fishery officer shall be entitled to the. same pro- Protection of tection in respect of any action or suit brought against him for any

act done or omitted to be done in the execution of his duty under obstructing this Act, as is given to any officer of customs by the Customs Con- sea-fishery solidation Act, 1876, or any Act amending the same, and (with °g reference to the seizure or detention of any ship) by any Act relating c- 36-to the registry of British ships.

(2.) If any . person obstructs any sea-fishery officer in acting under the powers conferred by this Act, or refuses or neglects to comply with any requisition or direction lawfully made or given by, or to answer any question lawfully asked by, any sea-fishery officer in pursuance of this Act, such person shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or to be imprisoned for a term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour.

Legal Pr oceedings.

15. (1.) Where on the conviction of any person under this Act for Compensation an offence it appears to the court that any injury to person or pro-

perty has been caused by the offence, the court may by such con- offence, viction adjudge the person convicted to pay-in addition to any fine a reasonable sum as compensation for such injury, and such sum may be recovered as a fine under this Act and when recovered shall be paid to the person injured. *

(2.) Any compensation specified in a document signed in accordance with Article thirty-three of the first schedule to this Act or fixed by a sea-fishery officer in accordance with any submission to arbitration may be recovered as a simple contract debt; and in England may also be recovered as a civil debt before a court of summary jurisdiction.

(3.) In a proceeding against any person for the recovery of such last-mentioned compensation, the formal document referred to in the

66

Summary prosecution of offences and recovery of fines.

42 & 43 Vict c. 49.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 53.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 33.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Evidence.

£!h. 22. jSea Fisheries Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict-,

said Article, or an award of a sea-fishery officer in pursuance of a submission to arbitration signed by the person liable to pay such I compensation, shall be sufficient evidence that such person is liable to pay the compensation specified in such document or award.

16. (1.) Offences under this Act may (save as otherwise provided) be prosecuted, and fines under this Act may he recovered in a summary manner; that is to say,> —

(a.) In England before a justice or justices, in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction (English) Acts;

' (b.) In Scotland in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881;

(c.) In Ireland within the police district of Dublin metropolis in manner provided by the Acts regulating the powers and duties of the justices of the peace of such district, or of the police1 of such district, and elsewhere in Ireland in manner provided by the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and the Acts amending the same;

(d.) In the Isle of Man, and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark respectively, before any court, governor, deputy governor, deemster, jurat, or other magistrate, in the manner in which the like offences and fines are by law prosecuted and recovered, or as near thereto as circumstances admit.

(2.) If any person feels aggrieved by any conviction under this Act by a court of summary jurisdiction, or by any determination or adjudication of such court with respect to any compensation i under this Act, he may, where imprisonment is awarded without the option of a fine, or the sum adjudged to be paid exceeds‘five pounds, appeal therefrom as follows r-^44

(a.) In England the appeal shall be toqUarter sessions in manlier provided by the Summary Jurisdiction (English) Acts;

(6.) In Ireland the appeal shall be to the court of quarter sessions in manner directed by the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, j and the Acts amending the same ;

(c.) In Scotland, the Isle of Man, and the ' Islands of Guernsey Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, the appeal shall be to the court and in the manner in which appeals from' the like convictions and determinations and adjudications are made.

17. (1.) Any document drawn up ip pursuance of the first schedule to this Act shall be admissible in any proceeding, civil or criminal, as evidence of the facts or matters therein stated.

(2.) If evidence contained in any such, document was taken op, oath in the presence of the person charged in such evidence, and such person had an opportunity of cross-examining the person giving such, evidence and of making his reply to such evidence,- the sea-fishery officer drawing up such document may certify the said facts, or any of them.

(3.) Any document or certificate in this section mentioned .pur'; j porting to be signed by a sea-fishery officer shall be admissible in evidence without proof of such signature, and, if purporting to fie j signed by any other person, shall, if certified by a. sea-fishery officer to have been so signed, be deemed until the contrary is ployed to have beeh signed by such other person;

67

1883. Sea Fisheries Acbi 1883. Ch. 22.

(4) If any person forges the signature of a sea-fishery officer to any such document as above mentioned, or makes use of any such document knowing the signature thereto to be forged, such person shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months with or without hard labour, and on conviction on indictment to be imprisoned with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding two years, and the cost of the prosecution of any such person on indictment may be paid as in cases of felony.

18. For the purpose of giving jurisdiction to courts under this Jurisdiction of Act, a sea-fishing boat shall be deemed to be a ship within the co s* meaning of any Act relating to offences committed on board a

ship, and every court shall have the same jurisdiction over a foreign sea-fishing boat within the exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands, and persons belonging thereto, as such court would have if such boat were a British sea-fishing boat.

19. Service of any summons or other matter in any legal pro-

ceeding under this Act shall be good service if made personally on |ersonaiiy or the person to be served, or at his last place of abode, or if made by on board ship, leaving such summons for him on board any sea-fishing boat to which he may belong, with the person being or appearing to be in command or charge of such boat.

20. (1.)* Where any offence against this Act has been com- b^e]jabie to mitted by some person belonging to a sea-fishing boat, the master fines imposed, or person for the time being in charge of such boat shall in every

case be liable to be deemed guilty of such offence; provided that if he proves that he issued proper orders for the observance, and used due diligence to enforce the observance, of this Act, and that the offence in question was actually committed by some other person without his connivance, and that the actual offender has been convicted, or that he has taken all practicable means in his power to-prosecute such offender (if alive) to1 conviction, he shall not be liable to any further punishment than payment of compensation for any injury caused by the offence.

(2.) Any fine or compensation adjudged under this Act may be recovered in the: ordinary way, or, if the court think fit so to order, by distress or poinding and sale of the sea-fishing boat to which the offender belongs, and her tackle, apparel, and furniture and ahyi property on board thereof or belonging thereto, or any part thereof; provided that, where the boat is a foreign sea-fishing boat, the court may order that in lieu of any such distress the boat may be detained in some port in the British Islands for a period not exceeding three months from the date of the conviction, and the boat may be detained accordingly, and in such case shall not be distrained.

21. (1.) The court adjudging any fine or forfeiture under this Application of Act may, if it think fit, direct the whole or any part thereof to be fines' applied in or towards payment of the expenses of the proceedings; and, subject to such direction, all fines and the proceeds of all forfeitures recovered under this Act shall, notwithstanding anything in any Act relating to municipal corporations or otherwise, be paid into the Exchequer in such manner as the Commissioners of the Treasury may direct.

Saving of liability and rights.

Extension of Act by Order in Council.

Application of Act to seas between British Islands and France, and continuance of 6 & 7 Vict. c. 79. as to French Convention.

General application of Act.

0^ 22. Sea Fisheries Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

(2.) Forfeitures may be destroyed, sold, and disposed of as the court adjudging the forfeiture may direct.

22. (1.) Nothing in this Act shall prevent any person being liable under any other Act or otherwise to any indictment, proceeding, punishment, or penalty, other than is provided for any offence by this Act, so that no person be punished twice for the same offence.

(2.) Nothing in this Act, or in any Order in Council made thereunder, nor any proceedings under such Act or Order with respect to any matter, shall alter the liability of any person in any action or suit with reference to the same matter, so that no person shall be required to pay compensation twibe in respect of the same injury.

Application of Act.

23. If at any time after the commencement of this Act any convention, treaty, or arrangement respecting sea fisheries is made between Her Majesty and any Foreign State, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council, to direct that all or any of the provisions of this Act shall, and the same shall accordingly (subject to the exceptions, restrictions, and conditions, if any, in the Order mentioned) apply to the said convention, treaty, or arrangement, and have effect in like manner as if the said convention, treaty, or arrangement were set forth in> the first schedule to this Act, and were part of that schedule and were the Convention referred to in this Act.

24. If the provisions of this Act are applied by Order in Council to any convention, treaty, or arrangement made in substitution for the Convention set forth in the first schedule to the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, or for the Convention and Articles set forth in the schedule to the Act of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-nine, intituled ‘ An Act to carry into effect the Convention between Her Majesty and " the King of the French, concerning the fisheries in the seas V- between the British Islands and France," that last-mentioned* Act shall, after the date fixed by the said Order for the application of this Act be repealed, but such last-mentioned Act shall, until the said date or any earlier date at which the Convention set forth in the first schedule to the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, comes into operation, continue in force so far as regards French sea-fishipg boats and persons belonging thereto within the seas to which the said Convention and Articles set forth in the; schedule thereto apply, so far as those seas are outside the exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands, and are not within the North Sea as defined in

, the first schedule to this Act.

25. This Act, so far as it applies to foreign sea-fishing boats outside of the exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands, and persons belonging thereto, and to, foreign, .sea-fishery officers, shall apply only within the North Sea as defined1 by, Article four of the first schedule .to* thjSj Act, or within the seas specified in any convention, treatyf.or arrangement to which this Act may be applied by Order in Council made in pursuance of this Act, and to the boats and officers of a Foreign State bound by the Conception in the first

\Sea Fisheries Act, 1883. qh 22. gg

schedule to this Act or by any convention, treaty, or arrangement to which this Act may be applied, but save as aforesaid this Act shall apply to the whole of the British Islands as defined by this Act, and to the seas surrounding the same, whether within or without the exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands, and the Royal Courts of Guernsey and Jersey shall register this Act in their respective Courts.

Supplemental.

26. Orders in Council made in pursuance of this Act shall be Publication of published in the London Gazette, or otherwise published in such Councilm manner as the Board of Trade may direct for such suflicient time

before they come into force as to prevent inconvenience.

27. The reference in section eighteen of the Sea Fisheries Act, Amendment of

1868, to section two hundred of the Customs Consolidation Act, 314^3^ ^ct‘ 1853, shall be construed to refer to section one hundred and seventy 39 & 40 vict. Of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876. c-86*

28. In this Act, — .. . Definitions.

The expression "sea-fishing" shall not include fishing for "Sea-fishing:"

salmon as defined by any Act relating to salmon, but save as aforesaid, means the fishing for every description both of fish, and shell fish, found in the seas to which this Act applies; and the expression "sea fisherman" and other : expressions relating to sea-fishing shall be - construed /-accordingly:

The expression " sea-fishing boat ^'includes every vessel of " Sea-fishing whatever size, and in whatever way propelled, which is used boat: by any person in sea-fishing, or in carrying on the business I of a sea fisherman:

The expression " fishing implement" means any net,line, float, " Fishing im-. barrel, buoy, or other instrument, engine, or implement used Pements-or intended to be' used'for the purpose of sea fishing:

The expression " British Islands % includes the United Kingdom " British

' of Great Britain and Ireland, the Isle of Man, the Islands xSland8:'

, of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, and their depen-_ \ dencies:

The expression " exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands " " Exclusive J means that portion.of- the seas surrounding the British fas ery 1 Islands within which Her Majesty's subjects have, by inter-- national law, the exclusive right of fishing, and where such * portion is defined by the terms of any convention, treaty, or arrangement for the time being in force between Her Majesty and any Foreign State, includes, as regards the ' sea-fishing boats and officers and subjects of that State, the portion so defined::$

The expression " the Admiralty " means the Lord High Admiral for. the time beingsUf the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any two or more of this Commissioners for executing the office of Lord-High Admiral of the United I Kingdom:

- The expression " Consular, officer includes. Consul-General, "Consular .Consul and .Vice-Consul;'and any person for the time being officer.-" .discharging the duties -oaf. Consul-General, Cpnsul, or Vice-' Consul:

70

" Person: " u Court."

[Commencement of Act.]

Repeals.

Ch. 22. Sea Fisheries Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

The expression " person " includes a body of persons corporate or nnincorporate:

The expression "court" includes any tribunal or magistrate exercising jurisdiction under this Act.

29. This Act shall come into force on such day as may be fixed by a notice in that behalf published in the London Gazette, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act. , '

30. (1.) After the commencement of this Act the Acts specified in the first part of the second schedule to this Act shall be; repealed to Hie extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

(2.) After the commencement of this Act, the Acts specified, ;in the second part of the second schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule| Provided that, until the date herein-after mentioned at. which such repeal takes full effeet, the repeal of the enactments specified in the said second part shall, except within the North Sea as defined by the first schedule to this Act, be subject to the following limitations:

(a.) The repeal shall not extend to section twelve of the Sea Fisheries Act,. 1868 (which section relates to oyster fishing), nor to the recovery of any penalty for a violation of that section: (6.) The repeal shall extend only to officers and i boats within the : exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands and to British seafishing boats when outside the exclusive fishery limits of the . British Islands;

(a) The repeal, shall not affect the power, of French sea-fishery officers and French courts over British' sea-fishing boats when outside the exclusive fishery limits of the British Islands, or the power of British and French sea-fishery officers and British courts over , French sea-fishing boats brought within the exclusive fishery limits ,of, the British Islands for .offences committed outside those limits;

(ci.) The repeal shall not alter the power of receiving as: evidencjji any depositions, minutes, and other documents which by the!; said Acts are made receivable as evidence;

(e.) If the Convention s<jt forth in .the first schedule, to the Sea ,Fisheries Act, 1868, comes into;, operation, .. then, upon notice; thereof being- given in the London Gazette, the said enactmehi^ shall, subject to.the,. provisions of this Action, be in force for the purposes of such* Convention, v If this Act is; applied by. Order-in Council to French sea-fishery officers and French sea-fishing boats within the seas to which the Convention set forth in the first schedule to the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, applies, the said repeal of the enactments specified in tire second part of the second schedule to. this Act shall take full effect as from, the date at which such application of this Act takes effect.

(3.) The repeal of any enactment by this Act shall not affect anything duly done or suffered, or any liability, penaltyjifibrfeiture, or punishment incurred under any enactment hereby, repealed, and any legal proceeding or remedy in respect of such liability, penalty, forfeiture, or punishment may be carried on as if this Act had not passed.

1883. Sea Fisheries Act, 1883. Ch. 22. n

31. So much of this Act as has effect outside of the exclusive Continuance of fishery limits of the British Islands shall, if the Convention ceases Act-to be binding on Her Majesty, cease to apply to the boats and officers of any Foreign State bound by the Convention, and if the -Convention ceases to be binding on any Foreign State shall cease to apply to the boats and officers of such State, but subject as aforesaid this Act shall continue in force notwithstanding the determination of the Convention.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

International Convention for the purpose of regulating the Police of the Fisheries in the North Sea outside Territorial Waters.

Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; His Majesty the Emperor of Germany, King of Prussia; His Majesty^the King of the Belgians; His Majesty the King of Denmark; the President of the French Republic; and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, having recognised the necessity of regulating the police .of the fisheries in the North Sea, outside territorial waters, have resolved to conclude for this purpose a Convention, and have named their Plenipotentiaries as follows: —

Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom, of Great Britain and Ireland, the Honourable William Stuart, Companion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, &c., Her, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Hague; Charles Malcolm Kennedy, Esq., Companion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, Ac., Head of the Commercial Department of the Foreign Office; and Charles Cecil Trevor, Esq., Barrister at Law, Assistant Secretary to the Board of Trade, Ac.;

His Majesty the Emperor of Germany, King of Prussia, Veit Richard von Schmidthals, Knight of the Order of the Red Eagle/qf the Third Class, and of the Order of St. John, Ac., iCountillor of Legation, his.Charge d'Affaires at the Hague; and Peter Christian Kinch Donner, Knight of the Order of the Red Eagle of the fourth class with the Sword, and of the Crown of the fourth class, Ac., his Councillor of State, Captain in the Navy, on - the Reserve;

His Majesty the King of the Belgians, the Baron d'Anethan, Commander of the [Order of Leopold, Ac., his Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at the Hague; and M. Leopold Orban, Commander of the Order of Leopold, Ac., his Envoy Extraordinary and; Minister Plenipotentiary, Director-General of the Political Department in the Ministry of Foreign Affairsg . : ,:$

His Majesty the King of Denmark, Carl Adolph Bruunj Knight of the Order of the Danebrog, Ac., Captain in the Navy;

- The President of the French Republic, the Count Lefebvre ;de Behaine^ Commander of the National . Order of the Legion of Honour, Ac., Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the French Republic at the Hague; and M. Gustave Emile Mancel, Officer of the National Order of the Legion of Honour, Ac., Commissary of Marine;

His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, the Jonkheer Willem Frederik Rochussen, Commander of the Order&of the Lion of the -Netherlands, Ac., his Minister of Foreign Affairs; and Eduard Nicolaas Rahusen, Knight of the Order of the Lion of the Netherlands, Ac., President of the Committee for Sea Fisheries;

Who, after having communicated the one to the other their full powers, found in good aUd'diie form, have agreed upon the following; Articles: —

Article I.

The provisions of the present Convention, the object of which is to regulate the police of the fisheries in. the,.Nqrth Bea outeide(.territorial waters, shall apply to the subjects of the High Contracting Parties.

Ch. 22.

46 & 47 Vict.

\Sca Fisheries Act, 1883.

Article II.

The fishermen of each country shall enjoy the exclusive right of fishery within the distance of three miles from low water mark along the whole extent of the coasts of their respective countries, as well as of the dependent islands and banks.

As regards bays, the distance of three miles shall be measured from a straight line drawn across the bay, in the part nearest the entrance, at the first point where the width does not exceed ten miles.

The present Article shall not in any way prejudice the freedom of navigation and * anchorage in territorial waters accorded to fishing boats, provided they conform to the special police regulations enacted by the Powers to»whom the shore belongs.

Article III.

The miles mentioned in the preceding Article are geographical miles, whereof sixty make a degree of latitude.

Article IV.

For the purpose of applying the provisions of the present Convention, the limits of the North Sea shall be fixed as follows : —

1. On the north by the parallel of the 61st degree of latitude;

2. On the east .and south: —

(1.) By the coasts of Norway between the parallel of the 61st degree of latitude and Lindesnaes Lighthouse (Norway);

(2.) By a straight line drawn from Lindesnaes Lighthouse (Norway) to Manstholm Lighthouse (Denmark);

(3.) By the coasts of Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, and France, as far as Gris Nez Lighthouse;

3. On the west: —

(1.) By a straight line drawn from Gris Nez Lighthouse (France) to the easternmost lighthouse at South Foreland (England) ;

(2.) By the eastern coasts of England and Scotland;

(3.) By a straight line joining Duncansby Head (Scotland) and the southern point of South Ronaldsha (Orkney Islands);

(4.) By the eastern coasts of the Orkney Islands;

(5.) By a straight line joining North Ronaldsha Lighthouse (Orkney Islands) and Sumburgh Head Lighthouse (Shetland Islands) ;

(6.) By the eastern coasts of the Shetland Islands;

(7.) By the meridian of North Unst Lighthouse (Shetland Islands) as far as the parallel of the 61st degree of latitude.

Article V.

The fishing boats of the high contracting parties shall be registered in accordance with the administrative regulations of each country. For each port there shali be a consecutive series of numbers, preceded by one or more initial letters, which shall be specified by the superior competent authority.

Each government shall draw up a list showing these initial letters.

This list, together with all modifications which may subsequently be made in it, shall be notified to the other contracting powers.-'

Article VI.

Fishing boats shall bear the. initial letter or letters of the port to which they belong, and the registry number in the series of numbers for that port.

Article VII.

The name of each fishing boat, and that of the port to which she belongs, shall be painted in white oil colour on a black ground on the stern of the boat, in letters which shall he at least 8 centim. in height and 12 millim. in breadth.

Article VIII.

The letter or letters and numbers shall be placed on each bow of the boat, eight or ten centim. below the gunwale, and so as to be clearly visible. They shall be painted in white oil colour on a black around.

1883. Fisheries Act, 1883. Ch. 22. 73

The distance above mentioned shall not, however, be obligatory for boats of small burden, which may not have sufficient space below the gunwale.

For boats of fifteen tons burden and upwards the dimensions of the letters and numbers shall be forty-five centim. in height and 6 centim. in breadth.

For boats of less than fifteen tons burden the dimensions shall be twenty-five centim. in height and centim. in breadth.

The same letter or letters and numbers shall also be painted on each side of the mainsail of the boat, immediately above the close reef, in black oil colour on white or tanned sails, and in white oil colour on black sails.

The letter or letters and numbers on the sails shall be one-third larger in every way than those placed on the bows of the boat.

Article IX.

Fishing boats may not have, either on their outside or on their sails, any names, letters, or numbers other than those prescribed by Articles VI., VII., and VIII. of the present Convention.

Article X.

The names, letters, and numbers placed on the boats and on their sails shall not be effaced, altered, made illegible, covered, or concealed in any manner whatsoever.

Article XI.

All the small boats, buoys, principal floats, trawls, grapnels, authors, and generally all fishing implements, shall be marked with the letter or letters and numbers of the boats to which they belong.

These letters and numbers shall be large enough to be easily distinguished. The owners of the nets or other fishing implements may further distinguish them by any private marks they think proper.

Article XII.

The master of each boat must have with him an official document, issued by the proper authority in his own country, for the purpose of enabling him to establish the nationality of the boat.

'.this document must always give the letter or letters and number of the boat, as well as her description and the name or names of the owner or the name of the firm or association to which she belongs.

Article XIII.

The nationality of a boat must not be concealed in any manner whatsoever.

Article XIV.

No fishing boat shall anchor, between sunset and sunrise, ou grounds where drift-net fishing is actually going on.

This prohibition shall not, however, apply to anchorings which may take place in consequence of accidents or of any other compulsory circumstances.

Article XV.

Boats arriving on the fishing grounds shall not either place themselves or shoot their nets in such a way as to injure each other, or as to interfere with fishermen who have already commenced their operations.

Article XVI.

Whenever, with a view of drift-net fishing, decked boats and undecked boats commence shooting their nets at the same time, the undecked boats shall shoot their nets to windward of the decked boats.

The decked boats, on their part, shall shoot their nets to leewai'd of the undecked boats. As a rule, if decked boats shoot their nets to windward of undecked boats which have begun fishing, or if undecked boats shoot their nets to leeward of decked boats which have begun fishing, the responsibility as regards any damages to nets which may result

74 Ch. 22. Sea Fisheries Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict

shall rest with the boats which last began fishing, unless they can prove that they were under stress of compulsory circumstances, or that the damage was not caused by their fault.

Article XVII.

No net or any other fishing engine shall be set or anchored on grounds where drift-net fishing is actually going on.

Article XVIII.

No fisherman shall make fast or hold on his boat to the nets, buoys, floats, or any other part of the fishing tackle of another fisherman.

Article XIX.

When trawl fishermen are in sight of drift-net or of long-line fishermen, they shall take all necessary steps in order to avoid doing injury to the latter. Where damage is caused, the responsibility shall lie on the trawlers, unless they can prove that they were under stress of compulsory circumstances, or that the loss sustained did not result from their fault.

Article XX.

When nets belonging to different fishermen get foul of each other, they shall not be cut without the consent of both parties.

All responsibility shall cease if the impossibility of disengaging the nets by any other means is proved.

Article XXI.

When a boat fishing with long lines entangles her lines in those of another boat, the person who hauls up the lines shall not cut them except under stress of compulsory circumstances, in which case any line which may be cut shall be immediately joined together again.

Article XXII.

Except in cases of salvage and the cases to which the two preceding articles relate, no fisherman shall, under any pretext whatever, cut, hook, or lift up nets, lines, or other gear not belonging to him.

Article XXIII.

The use of any instrument or engine which serves only to cut or destroy nets is forbidden.

The presence of any such engine on board a boat is also forbidden.

The high contracting parties engage to take the necessary measures for preventing the embarkation of such engines on board fishing boats.

Article XXIV.

Fishing boats shall conform to the general rules respecting lights which have been, or may be, adopted by mutual arrangement between the high contracting parties with the view of preventing collisions at sea.

Article XXV.

All fishing boats, all their small boats, all rigging gear or other appurtenances of fishing boats, all nets, lines, buoys, floats, or other fishing implements whatsoever found or picked up at sea, whether marked or unmarked, shall as soon as possible be delivered to the competent authority of the first port to which the salving boat returns or puts in.

Such authority shall inform the consul or consular agent of the country to which the boat of the salvor belongs, and of the nation of the owner of the articles found. They [the same authority] shall restore the articles to the owners thereof or to their representatives, as soon as such articles are claimed and the interests of the salvors have been properly guaranteed.

1883. $ea Fisheries Act, 1883. CH( 22. 75

The administrative or judicial authorities, according as the laws of the different countries may provide, shall fix the amount which the owners shall pay to the salvors.

It is, however, agreed that this provision shall not iu any way prej udice such conventions respecting this matter as are already in force, and that the high contracting parties reserve the right of regulating, by special arrangements between themselves, the amount of salvage at a fixed rate per net salved.

Fishing implements of any kind found unmarked shall be treated as wreck.

Article XXVI.

The superintendence of the fisheries shall be exercised by vessels belonging to the national navies of the high contracting parties. In the case of Belgium, such vessels may be vessels belonging to the State, commanded by captains who hold commissions.

Article XXVII.

The execution of the regulations respecting the document establishing nationality, the marking and numbering of boats, &c., and of fishing implements, as well as the presence on board of instruments which are forbidden (Articles VI., VII., VIII., IX., X., XI., XII., XIII., and XXIII., § 2), is placed under the exclusive superintendence of the cruizers of the nation of each fishing boat.

Nevertheless, the commanders of cruizers shall acquaint each other with any infractions of the above-mentioned regulations committed by the fishermen of another nation.

Article XXVIII.

The cruizers of all the high contracting parties shall be competent to authenticate all infractions of the regulations prescribed by the present convention, other than those referred to in Article XXVII., and all offences relating to fishing operations, whichever may be the nation to which the fishermen guilty of such infractions may belong.

Article XXIX.

When the commanders of cruizers have reason to believe that an infraction of the provisions of the present convention has been committed, they may require the master of the boat inculpated to exhibit the official document establishing her nationality. The fact of such document having been exhibited shall then be endorsed upon it immediately.

The commanders of cruizers shall not pursue further their visit or search on board a fishing boat which is not of their own nationality, unless it should be necessary for the purpose of obtaining proof of an offence or of a contravention of regulations respecting the police of the fisheries.

Article XXX.

The commanders of the cruizers of the Signatory Powers shall exercise their judgment as to the gravity of facts brought to their knowledge, and of which they are empowered to take cognizance, and shall verify the damage, from whatever cause arising, which may be sustained by fishing boats of the nationalities of the high contracting parties.

They shall draw up, if there is occasion for it, a formal statement of the verification of the facts as elicited both from the declarations of the parties interested and from the testimony of those present.

The commander of the cruizer may, if the case appears to him sufficiently serious to justify the step, take the offending boat into a port of the nation to which the fishermen belong. He may even take on board the cruizer a part of the crew of the fishing boat in order to hand them over to the authorities of her nation.

Article XXXI.

The formal statement referred to in the preceding Article shall be drawn up in the language of the commander of the cruizer, and according to the forms in use in his country.

The accused and the witnesses shall be entitled to add, or to have added, to such statement, in their own language, any observations or evidence which they may think suitable.' Such declarations must be duly signed.

Ch. 22.

46 & 47 Vxct.

Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

Article XXXII.

Resistance to the directions of commanders of cruizers charged with the police of the fisheries, or of those who act undev their orders, shall, without taking into account the nationality of the cruizer, be considered as resistance to the authority of the nation of the fishing boat.

Article XXXIII.

When the act alleged is not of a serious character, but has nevertheless caused damage to any fisherman, the commanders of cruizers shall be at liberty, should the parties concerned agree to it, to arbitrate at sea between them, and to fix the compensation to be paid.

Where one of the parties is not in a position to settle the matter at once, the commanders shall cause the parties concerned to sign in duplicate a formal document specifying the compensation to be paid.

One copy of this document shall remain on board the cruizer, and the other shall be handed to the master of the boat to which the compensation is due, in order that he may, if necessary, be able to make use of it before the Courts of the country to which the debtor belongs.

Where, on the contrary, the parties do not consent to arbitration, the commanders shall act in accordance with the provisions of Article XXX.

Article XXXIV.

The prosecutions for offences against, or contraventions of, the present convention shall be instituted by, or in the name of, the State.

Article XXXV.

The high, contracting parties engage to propose to their respective Legislatures the necessary measures for insuring the execution of the present convention, and particularly for the punishment by either fine or imprisonment, or by both, of persons who may contravene the provisions of Articles VI. to XXIII. inclusive.

Article XXXVI.

In all cases of assault committed, or of wilful damage or loss inflicted, by fishermen of one of the contracting countries upon fishermen of another nationality, the Courts of the country to which the boats of the offenders belong shall be empowered to try them.

The same rule shall apply with regard to offences against, and contraventions of, the present convention.

Article XXXVII.

The proceedings and trial in cases of infraction of the provisions of the present convention shall take place as summarily as the laws and regulations in force will permit.

Article XXXVIII.

The present convention shall be ratified. The ratifications shall be exchanged at the Hague as soon as possible.

Article XXXIX.

The present convention shall be brought into force from and after a day to be agreed upon by the high contracting parties.

The convention shall continue in operation for five years from the above day; and, unless one of the high contracting parties shall, twelve months before the expiration of the said period of five years, give notice of intention to terminate its operation, shall continue in force one year longer, and so on from year to year. If, however, one of the Signatory Powers should give notice to terminate the convention, the same shall be maintained between the other contracting parties, unless they give a similar notice.

Additional Article.

The Government of His Majesty the King of Sweden and Norway may adhere to the present convention, for Sweden and for Norway, either jointly or separately.

Sea Fisheries Act, 1883. Ch. 22. 77

This adhesion shall be notified to the Netherlands Government, and by it to the other Signatory Powers.

In witness whereof the Plenipotentiaries have signed the present convention, and have affixed thereto their seals.

Done at the Hague, in six copies, the 6th May 1882.

(L.S.) W. Stuart.

(L.S.) C. M. Kennedy.

(L.S.) C. Cecil Trevor.

(L.S.) V. ScHMIDTHALS.

(l.s.) Chr. Donner.

, (l.s.) Bon A. D'Anethan.

(l.s.) Leopold Orban.

(l.s.) C. Bruun.

(l.s.) Cte Lefebvre de Behaine.

(l.s.) Em. Mancel.

(l.s.) Rochussen.

(l.s.) E. N. Rahusen.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

A description or citation of an Act in this schedule is inclusive of the word, section, or other part first and last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion described in the description or citation.

Part I. — Enactments wholly repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

6 & 7 Vict. An Act to carry into So much of the schedule thereto as prohibits any

c. 79. effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of the French concerning' the Fisheries in the Seas between the British Islands and France. French fishing-boat from approaching nearer to any part of the Coast of the United Kingdom than the limit of three miles, and so much of the rest of the Act as relates to the portion of the schedule hereby repealed.

31 & 32 Vict. The Sea Fisheries Act, Section twenty-five.

c. 45. 1868. Section fifty-eight, from " in manner directed by law " to " the appeal shall be made ", and from " for the county or place " to " costs to be paid by either party." Section seventy-one and the second schedule.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 42. The Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877. Section fifteen.

Sea Fisheries Act, 1883.

46 & 47 Vict.

Part II. — Enactments repealed provisionally.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

31 & 32 Vict. The Sea Fisheries Act, Sections three and four.

c. 45. 1868. Section five, from "the term consular officer"to " construed to mean consular officer." Sections six to sixteen. Sections twenty and twenty-one. Section fifty-nine. Section sixty-one. Section sixty-three, from the beginning of the section to " the satisfaction of the court." The first schedule, except articles four to eight, article thirty-one, and the Declaration and List of Forts annexed to the Convention.

v38 Vict. e. 15. An Act to amend the Section three.

Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to apply the sum of fifteen million one hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hundred and seven pounds out of the Consolidated Pund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

p| | [2nd August 1883.] |

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your .Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech| Your Majesty that it may1 be. enacted; and be ijt enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Issue of 1, The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time

out of the being may issue out of the. Consolidated Fund of the United King-Consolidated dom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good 1''rvfee° of the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year

"ear* ending ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred

aist March and eighty-four the sum of fifteen million one hufidred and eighty-1884, two thousand seven hundred aind seven pounds.

Ti^suiytcf 2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to borrow. time, on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding

in the whole the sum of fifteen million one hundred and eighty-two

1883. Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, 1883. Ch. 23, 24.

thousand seven hundred and seven pounds, and shall repay the money so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fond at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, short title 1883.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to make temporary provision for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. [2nd August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may from time Power to make to time on the recommendation of the Local Government Board for Ireland (in this Act referred to as the Local Government Board) and with the sanction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, grant to the board of guardians of any union, out of any moneys in their hands, such sums as the. Local Government Board may find necessary, having regard to the financial condition of such union and the pressure of distress within its limits, to aid in providing for the administration of relief for the destitute poor in the union.

Grants shall not- be made under this Act after the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

The total amount granted under this Act shall not exceed fifty thousand pounds.

Whenever any such grant is made, the Commissioners of the Treasury shall notify to the Irish Land Commission the sum so granted, and thereupon the Irish Land Commission shall out of the funds which they may raise on the security of their annual inpome under the Irish Church Act Amendment Act, 1881, pay over to the 44 & 45 Vict. Commissioners of. Public Works, the amount stated by the .Com- 71‘ missioners of the Treasury on each such^occasion to have been granted under the provisions of this Act.

2. The several provisions of the Irish Church Act, 1869, as Extension of amended by the Irish Church Act' Amendment Act, 1881, with p°^ng respect to the raising of money by the Irish Land Commission, and 32 & 33 vict. the giving of security for the repayment thereof, and of interest c- 42. thereon, and with respect to the power of the Commissioners for the 45 Vict Reduction of the National Debt to make advances to the said Irish 32 &‘33 vict Land Commission, and with respect to the powers of the Commis- e. 42. sioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in relation to the money so to be raised, shall be extended and shall apply to the purposes of this Act 32 & 33 Vict-as fully as such provisions apply to the purposes of the Irish Church. 2'

Act, 1869, as so amended as aforesaid.

80 Ch. 2 i, 25. Relief of Distressed Umom(Ireland) Act,l8SSA()&4>7 Vict,

Any advance made by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to the Irish Land Commission for the purposes of t.Tiia Act, shall be charged upon the property accruing to and shall be payable by the Irish Land Commission, as if it were part of the debt already owing by the Irish Land Commission to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Power to 3. Iu addition to any power of borrowing vested in boards of

borrow. guardians under the Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act, the board of guardians of any union in Ireland may, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, for the purpose of defraying any costs, charges, or expenses incurred or to be incurred by them in the execution of the Acts relating to the relief of the poor, borrow and take up at interest for the use of any electoral division or divisions in the union, such sums of money as the Local Government Board may sanction.

In the case of every such loan the following provisions shall take effect:

(1.) For securing the repayment of any sums so borrowed, with interest thereon, the Board of Guardians may mortgage to the persons by or on behalf of whom such sums are advanced, tl$ej rates leviable on the electoral division or divisions for the use of which such money was borrowed.

(2.) The money shall be borrowed for such time not exceeding ten years as the guardians with the consent of the Local Government Board determine in each case.

(3.) It shall not be lawful for the Local Government Board to sanction any such loan after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

(4.) All sums so borrowed shall be repaid by such instalments as may be agreed on with the sanction of the Local Government Board.

Confirmation 4. Whereas before the passing of this Act the Boards of Guardians ^Boards D<}f cer^n unions in which the funds at the disposal of such Boards Guardians and respectively were inadequate for providing for the relief of the indemnity. destitute poor in such unions, borrowed, with the approval of the Local Government Board, certain moneys repayable with interest, and are now indebted on account of -such loans, and it is expedient to confirm such loans; therefore, all such loans and borrowing, and all proceedings of the -several Boards of Guardians relating thereto, shall be and are hereby ratified and confirmed; and all persons who have acted in incurring such loans shall be released and indemnified from and against any penalties in relation thereto.

Short title. 5. This Act may be cited as the Relief of Distressed Unions

(Ireland) Act, 1883.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to explain and amend the thirty-second section of the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877.

[2nd August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and .Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1883.

\Prison SeiMM (Ireland) Act, 1883. Ch. 25, 26. 81

1. For the purposes of the thirty-seeond section of the General Construction of Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877, relating to the superannuation of prison g°4* ® officers, the term " prison 'service " means, as respects the period

before the first day of April one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight, service in a particular prison, or inf he prisons of the same grand jury or other prison authority, transferred to the General Prisons Board for Ireland; and as respects the period after the said first- day of April one thousand .eight hundred anR seventy-eight, service in any such prison or, in any other prison; and the said section shall be construed as if the term " prison service " had been so defined therein.

2. This Act may be cited as the Prison Service (Ireland) Act, Short title. 18&3.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to promote the Sea Fisheries of Ireland.

[2nd August 1883;]

WH HERE AS the promotion, improvement, and encouragement I Of the Irish fisheries are objects of great importance, not only to Ireland, but to the wealth and commercial prosperity and naval strength of the-.United Kingdom:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queers most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Sea Fisheries Short title of , (Ireland) Act, l883s>'; jpQ '; , , . , , Act

2. This Act shah come into operation on the first day of October Commepce-one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, which date is referred ment0 ct* to as the commencement of this Act.

3. The Irish Land Commission shall from time to time when Creation of Sea required by the 'Commissioners of Public Works, out of the funds enes un ' which they may raise on the security of their annual income under the Irish Church Act Amendment Act, 1881, pay over to the Com- 44 & 45 Vict. missioners of Public Works puch .sums, not exceeding in all .the °* sum of two .hundred and fifty thousand pounds, as the Commissioners may .require for' the purposes of this Act, and as the' Treasury may sanction.

The sums' so paid o ver to .the Commissioners of Public Works are in this Act referred to as the Spa Fisheries Fund.

4. The several provisions of the Irish Church Act, 1869, as Extension of amended by the Irish Church Act Amendment Act, 1881, with Church respect to the raising of money by the Irish U^.d Commission, and 32c& as vict the giving of security, for the repayment thereof, and of interest c; 42. thereon, and with.respect to thepower ,of the Commissioners for 44 & 45 ^ict. the Reduction of the National Debt to make advances to the said 32 & 33 y;ct-Irish Land Commission,.and with respect to the powers of the Com- c. 42. missipners of Her Majesty's Treasury in relation to thej^oney so to be raised, shall be qxfended and shall apply to the purposes of this Act as fully as such provisions apply to the purposes of the Irish 32 & 33 Vict. ^-httrch Act, 1869, as so amended as aforesaid. c-43-

pSfo. 6. Price 2d.] F

82

Ch. 26. Sea Fisheries (^Ireland) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Viar.

Any advance made by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to the Irish Land Commission for the purposes of this Act shall be charged upon the property accruing to and shall be payable by the Irish Land Commission as if it were part of the debt already owing by the Irish Land Commission to the I Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Sea Fisheries 5. The Commissioners of Public Works shall apply the Sea Ixpfndedfor Fisheries Fund for the purposes of the Fishery Piers and Harbours piers and Acts, but subject to the conditions contained in this Act. harbours. The enactment contained in the second section of the Fishery

Piers and Harbours Act, 1866, that a grant for any one work shall not exceed the sum of seven, thousand five hundred pounds shall not apply to grants under this A.ct.

The enactment contained in the fourth sub-section of the fourth 9 & 10 Vict. section of the Fishery JJiers and Harbours Act, 1846, that the amount of any grant' Shall not exceed three fourths of the cost of the work, and that such grant shall be made only upon the condition that the repayment of the residue of the total actual cost of the work, with interest, shall be secured or agreed to be secured in the manner therein referred to, shall noi apply to grants under this Ant.

The Commissioners of Public Works may, with the previous approval of the. Treasury, out of the Sea Fisheries Fund make a free grant of the whole or any part of ,the cost of a. work, or may advance the same by way of loan, upon the repayment thereof, with interest at such rate not exceeding three and a half per cent, per annum, as the Commissioners, with the approval of the Treasury;? may determine, being secured in the manner provided by the Fishery Piers and Harbours Acts.

The amount which the Commissioners of Public Works ;may expend in anyone period of twelve months, after the passing' of this Act, in carrying this. Act into, effect shall not exceed fifty thousand pounds, unless the Treasury otherwise orders.

Maintenance 6. When any work has been done or constructed under thi£ Ati> aiOTandr°f the provisions of the Fishery Piers and Harbours Acts relative to hartonrs. maintenance and repair, and as to tolls and rates, and as to byelaws, rates, orders, and regulations, and Otherwise, shall apply to such work as if it had been constructed or done under those Acts. f Application of 7. All sums paid from time to time to the' Cdinmissioner^,Bf sums repaid, public Wori^in^repayment of moneys advanced by them by way'of loan under this Act, or' for interest therebn, shall forin part of the Sea Fisheries Fund, and shall be applied by thh'Commissioners for the purposes of this Act.

Constitution of 8. For the purpose Of aiding the Commissioners bf Public Works Md^Harbours *n carry^nS fill Act into effect, a Commission shall bh' 'constituted, Commission, to be styled- the Fishery Piers and Harbours' Commission, consisting of the Inspectors 'of - Irish Fisheries and of one other person, to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant, who shall hold his office during thepleasure of the Lord Lieutenant, and shall be the chairman of the Commission, and shall have a casting vote. The person so appointed shall not be paid any salary or remuneration fot his services^ and shall! not, by reason] of'Ahch' appointment, be disqualified from being elected or sitting as a member of the House of

1883., ' Sea Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1883. Ch. 26, 27. 83

Commons, and, if he is a member of the House of Commons at the time of his appointment, shall not cease to be a member by reason of such appointment.

It shall be the duty of the Fishery Piers and Harbours Commission to give such assistance to the Commissioners of Public Works as the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries have heretofore given in the execution of the Fishery Piers and Harbours Acts; and to confer with the Commissioners of Public Works relative to the works proposed from time to time to be executed out of the Sea Fisheries Fund j and generally to aid in carryingthis Act into effect, in such manner as the Lord Lieutenant may from time to time direet. j . The 'Commissioners of Public Works, before forwarding to the Treasury the report as to any proposed work which they are required to forward pursuant to the tenth section of the Fishery Piers and Harbours Act, 1846, shall furnish to the Fishery Piers and Harbours Commission a copy of the plans and specifications relating to the proposed work; and the Fishery Piers and Harbours Commission may make such observations relative to such plans and specifications, for the information of the Treasury, as they think fit.

9. In this Act — . Interpretation.

The term " the Treasury " means the Commissioners of Her Majesty*s Treasury:

The term "the Commissioners of Public Works" means the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland:

, The term " the Fishery. Piers and Harbours Act, 1846," means the ;)«. Act -of the session;of the ninth and tenth years of the reign ii of Hen present Majesty, chapter three, intituled " An Act to " encourage the sea .fisheries of Ireland, by promoting and aiding , , ). £ with grants of publip. money the construction of piers, harbours,

> and other works-:

The term " the Fishery Piers and Harbours Act, 1866," means the t Act of the session of the twenty-ninth andthirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty,chapter forty-five, intituled " An " " Act to extend the ' provisions of the Acts .for the encourage-. ment of £he sea fisheries in Iceland, by promoting and aiding . ' " with grants of public, money the construction of piers, har-7 ' fiours, and other pubfije works

The term " the Fishery Piers and Harbours Acts " means both the above-mentioned Acts, and any Acts amending them.

CHAPTER 27.

Ap AcitffiwtfrQr jto amend the-Acts relatiiig to the : raising of Money by the MetnapoMtan Board of Works; and for pther purposes. jjj| r*l 7[20th August 1883.]

WHEREAS by the' Mefrbpolitan Board of. Works (Loans) Act, ss & 39 Vict.

1876, (in this Act referred MM " the Act of 1876, ) the c*66, raising' of money by the Metropolitan Board of Works (in this Act referred to as "the Board") for the purposes therein specified was regulated, and* provision was made requiring that the borrowing powers granted to; the Hoard By Parliament for the purposes therein named should for the future be limited both in time and amount:

34 Ch. 27. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883.46 & 47 "Vict.

45 & 46 Vict. And whereas by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, c.33. 1882, (in this Act referred to as "the Act of 1882,") the Board

were empowered to raise certain sums of money for the purposes ' in the said Act mentioned, and limits of time and amount within which the powers by the said Act granted might be exercised were fixed:

And whereas the powers for the raising of money by the Act of 1882 conferred upon the Board have been partially exercised; but it is expedient that the Board should have power to raise certain further sums of money specified in the First Schedule to this Act annexed for the purposes, upon the* terms, and subject to the limitations herein-after mentioned, and that the Act of 1882 should be amended:

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should be empowered to raise any of the moneys which they are by this Act authorised - to raise, and which it may be convenient to raise for a temporary period by the issue of bills, with the consent of the Treasury, for not less than three and not more than twelve mouths to be repaid out of moneys raised by the creation of consolidated stock under this dj Act:

Be it therefore | enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. x. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1882, and this Act, may be cited together as the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1883. Construction 2. This Act shall be read and have effect as one! with the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to 1871, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1882.

Interpretation. 3. The expression " Parks and Open Spaces Acts " in this Act shall mean the enactments specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to this Act annexed.

The expression " Embankment Acts " in the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, arid in this Act, shall mean the series of Acts specified in Part II. of the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, shall be construed accordingly.

The expression "Main Drainage Acts?' in this Act shall have the same meaning as is.assigned to'the saihe.term in the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869.

Amendment of 4. Subsection (/) of section -ten of the Act of 1882 shall be read 45 & 46 Vict. and construed as if the aggregate ampunt which the Board was c. 33. s. 10 (/). thereby authorised to expend for thp. purposes of the Fire Brigade | Act, 1865, had been limited tp a, sum npt exceeding seventy, thousand pounds instead of fifty thousand ppijinds.

Aumndment of 5>; Section fourteen of the Apt of; 1882 shall be read and construed c. 33. s. 14? ' 8)8 if the aggregate amount which the Board wee thereby authorised to lend to Boards of Guardians had been limitedfto, a sum not exceeding two .hundred and fifty thousand (pounds instead of two hundred thousand pounds.

85

6. The Board may from time to time, up to the thirty-first day Power to of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, expend ^rpe"d

for the purposes herein-after mentioned such monteys as they may Metropolitan0 think 'fit, not exceeding the amounts limited in relation to such Street im-purposes respectively.; S3 h"* ' -re SSJwSl'Lnd

For the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, Metropolitan 1883, seven hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hundred Board of

* o / TVorks

pounds?< ' ' . (Bridges, &c.)

For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Bridges, Act, 1883, and &c.) Act, 1883, one hundred and thirty-four thousand pounds; and ^gzans> &c-

For the purposes of schemes made by the Board under the autho- c rity of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts,

1875 to 1882, with respect to Tench Street, St. George-in-the-East;

Brook Street, Limehouse; Windmill Row, New Gut, Lambeth; and Trafalgar Road, Greenwich; if the same be respectively confirmed by Provisional Order and* Act of Parliament, ninety-nine thousand pounds: Provided always, that the money to be raised and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board for the purposes mentioned itt this section; shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts' and at such times only as the Board shall actually require and as the Treasury shall approve for the purpose of carrying oUt the provisions of the said Acts respectively in a proper and efficient manner, g

7. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the Power to con-thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty- *ribnte to four expend for the purpose of contributing towards the expenses HvdePark of the improvements for facilitating the passage of traffic at Hyde Corner.

Park Comer,- and of all works; and other matters necessary or incidental' thereto. now commenced and partly completed by and

under,the authority, of.,the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and. Public Buildings, such monej's as they may think fit, not exceeding the sum , of ten thousand pounds^ provided that the moneys ,expended by the.^Bqayd for the . said purposes under the autfypity. of. this , section shall, yhqt, together with the moneys previously expended by the Board for the said purposes under the authority ..off(Se9tiq]^:'^ight -of- the,-Act of, 1882, exceed twenty thousand . popnds.. All moneys expended by the Board for the purposes aforesaid shall be deemed to be expended under the authority of section; one hundred and forty-four of the Metropolis 18 & 19 Vict. Management Act, 1855, and the enactments altering, amending, or e' 120‘ affecting the, same; provided always, th|kl the moneys to be expended, and the consolidated to be created'l^y the Board for the purposes 'mentioned- in this, spetion shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts and at such times only as .the. Board shall actually require and as the Treasury shall approve-.for the said purposes.

8. Thp B6ard may from time to time during the year ending the Power to

thiriy-hrst day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty- expendmoneys four expend for the purposes'herein-after mentioned such'moneys as purposes*7 they may think fit, not exceeding the amounts limited in relation to during year such purposes respectively^ i.r; : 1884.

(a.) For the purposes mentioned in section one hundred and forty- 18 & 19 Vict. four of the Metropolis Management' Act, 1855, and section c- 20‘

86

Ch.27. Metropolitan Board ofW orks (Money) Act, 1883.46&47 Vict.

25 & 26 Vict c. 102.

35 & 36 Vict c. cbdii.

39 & 40 Vict C. lxxix.

40 & 41 Vict e. xcix.

28 & 29 Vict C. 90.

40 & 41 Vict c. ccxxxv.

42 & 43 Vict. c. cxcviii.

44 & 45 Vict c. cxcii.

38 & 39 Vict

c. 86.

42 & 43 Vict c. cci.

45 & 46 Vict. c. clvii.

seventy-two of the' Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and for the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1872, and of the Embankment Acts, including thri purchase and erection of lamp standards OhsUch parts of such works as the Board may think fit, and of the Sufi Street improvement under the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1876, one hundred thousand pounds;

(b.) For the purposes of the Parks and Open Spaces Acts, fifteeh thousand pounds;

(c.) For the purposes of the Metropolis Toll Bridges Act, 1877, including the cost of certain special works for the maintenance and repair of certain of the bridges acquired by the Boaird under the said Act, and the ' commutation of pensions, thirty thousand pounds;

(d.) For the purposes of providing station-houses, fire-engines, fire-escapes, and permanent plant for the purposes of the Fire Brigade Act, 1865, thirty-five thousand pounds;

(e.) For the purposes* of the road tobe made and fenced by the Board across Wormwood Scrubs, and for enabling the Board to contribute to the expenses of the Fulham District Board of Works on account of the roads from Shepherd's Bush Common and the Harrow Bead respectively communicating with thb said road across Wormlwood Scrubs, six1 thousand pounds; provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this subsection shall not, together with the moneys previously expended by the Board for the said purposes, exceed six thousand pounds;

(/.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1877, seven hundred and fifty thousand' pounds, or sUOh further sum as the Treasury may approve, provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this subsection shall not, together with all moneys previously expended by the Board for the said' jpurposesi ‘'6xceed tlMe million seven hundred and twelve thousand five hundred add seven pounds;

(g.) For the purposes of the Thames ^BiVeri (Prevehtion'fof Floods) Act, 1879, ten thousand-pounds, or such ^further sum as the Treasury may approve;

(A) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Bridges Act, 1881, three ' hundred thousand pounds, provided that the moneys hereby expended by the Board under the authority of /this subsection shall not, together with all moneys previously expended by the Board for the iaid purposes, exceed' seveh hundred and sixty thousand pounds;

- (i.)< For the purposes of schemes made by the Board under the authority of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, and1 confirmed by Provisional Order and Act y of Parliament, thirty thousand pounds, or suth further suin as , the Treasury may approve;

(k.) For the purposes of Sections ninety-One and ninety-two of the Metropolitan and District Railways. (City lines afid Extensions) Act, 1879, as amended by the Metropolitan and District Railways (City Lines and Extensions) Act, 1882, with

1883. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883. Ch. 27.

respect to the construction of the new street and works in the said section ninety-one mentioned, and the payment of the con tribution towards the expense of constructing the same after the completion and opening of the same for the use of the public as by the said enactments provided, five hundred thousand pounds; provided that the contribution of five hundred thousand pounds sanctioned by the Metropolitan Board > of; Works (Money) Act, 1882, has not been paid before the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and; eighty-three;

i (I) For the .purpose of acquiring a piece of land as an addition to Brook Green, in the parish of Hammersmith, an open space under the control and management of the Board two thousand " pounds; provided that the moneys expended by the Board / under the authority of this sub-section shall not, together with 'all moneys previously expended by the Board for the said * purposes, exceed two thousand pounds;

(m.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works 45 Vict. c. lvL (Various Powers) Act, 1882, fifty-one thousand five hundred pounds:

Provided always, that the moneys to be expended and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board for the purposes mentioned in this section respectively shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require and as the Treasury shall approve for the said purposes respectively.

9. The Board may from time to time up to the thirty-first day of Special power December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, expend, for ^onejrfor pur-the pUrpose of adding to, extending, enlarging, improving, and com- poses of main pleting the works authorised by the Main Drainage Acts, and for drainage and rendering the same efficient in such manner as to them may seem mam 6ewer8, proper, and for extending, enlarging, and improving the main sewers transferred to and vested in the Board under and by virtue df

the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and for making such other sewers and works, and such alterations and diversions of such existing main sewers, as may to them seem proper for the purpose of relieving, supplementing, and rendering such main sewers efficient, and for carrying into effect the several provisions .in relation thereto mentioned in the said Acts, such moneys as they may think fit, hot exceeding bpe hundred and ninety thousand pounds, in addition to any, moldy's which they are authorised to expend under any .

Acts passed previously to the passing Of this Act; and all the provisions of the Main Drainage Acts and the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts altering or amending the same, for the time being in force relating to the execution of works authorised by the said Acts respectively shall continue in force, and shall extend and apply respectively to thd works executed by means of money raised for tide purposes of this section; and all stock treated under the authority of this Act for such purposes shall1 be deemed to be created for the purposes of the above-mentioned Acts respectively.

10. Where a vestry or district board constituted Under the ^°^egr lend Metropolis Management Act, 1855, desire, in pursuance of authority district board, vested in them by Act of Parliament, to borrow money for the corporations,

burial boards,

&c.

88 Qs- 27. Metropolitan Board ofWorks(Money) Act, 1883.46&47 Vict.v

purpose of any work, or for the purpose of paying off any loan or debt, or for any other purpose, and sit appears to1 the Board and to the Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be. borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four the Board may lend to the vestry or district board, and the vestry or district board may borrow from , the Board, such money as the Board think fit, and as the Vestry or district board1 are> authorised and desire to borrow, not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds; and Where any corporation, body of commissioners, burial board, or other public body (not being a vestry-or district board constituted under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, a board of guardians, the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District, or the School Board for London), having power to levy directly or indirectly rates * in, respect of lands in the metropolis, as - defined in the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, or to make charges on rates leviable in the , -^metropolis, as soi .definedj-or to' take within- the metropolis as so defined dues or. impositions in the1 nature of rates, desire, in pursuance of authority vested'in them by Act of Parliament,'to borrow money,*for .the. purpose of any work, or for the purpose of paying off. any loan, or debts or- fox.: any other purpose, and it appeal's to the Board and to the Treasury expedient that- 'the repayment of the money to be borrowed shall be spread over,a series of years, then from time to time during the year:-ending the thirty-first day of . December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four the Board may lend to the corporation, commissioners, burial board, or> other ' public body, and. they may burrow from the Board, such money as the Board think fit, and as the corporation, commissioners, burial ' board, or other public body are authorised and desire to borrow, ‘>H not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds;

. Money lent jby the Board runder-this section shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be-repaid to-them, with interest, within,such time after the borrowing as the Board and theborrowers with the approval of - the Treasury agree, not exceeding in the; case of a loan for purposes of improvements effected by the widening of.streets or bridges,-or for - the purpose of purchase' of land in fee, simple,. Sixty years, and for any. other, purpose thirty years.

Power to lend 11. Where a board,of guardians of a, union or parish wholly or Marfians°f for the greater part iiLthe metropolis as defined in the Metropolis 18 & 19 Vict. Management Act, 1855, desire, in pursuance of authority vested in c. 120, them, to borrow, money for the purpose-of any -work, Off or the purpose of paying off any loan or debt, or for any other purpose, and it;,appears to the Board and.the Treasuryexpedient that the repayment of the money to,be . borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then from, time to time during.- the year ending the thirty-first day sof December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four the;Board; may,; lemd :i>.ithe board of guardians, and theboardof guardians may borrow .from the- Board,! such money as the, - Board, think fit, anfi as the board of guardians are authorised and desire'to, borrow}mot exceeding two- hundred thousand pounds.

Money.lent by the Board under this section shall,' notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be > repaid to theni, with interest.

89

within such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers with the approval of the Treasury agree, not exceeding thirty years.

12. The Board may from time to time during the year ending Extension of the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four lend to the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum Dis- Metropolitan triet, in addition to the sums heretofore authorised to be lent by Afy1* the Board to the said Managers, such sums as the said Managers rIC' are from time to time authorised by the Local Government Board

to borrow in pursuance of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, and 30&3i Vict. any Acts altering or amending the same for the time being in force, c"6' not exceeding in the whole fifty thousand pounds, as though the said sums were included in the amount authorised to be lent for such purposes by section thirty-seven of the Metropolitan Board of 32j*233 vict" Works (Loans) Act, 1869, and the Acts amending the same.

13. The Board may from time to time during the year ending Power to lend the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and

eighty-four lend to the School Board for London, in accordance London, with the provisions of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 33 &34 vict. 1873, and any Act or Acts altering or amending the same for the 36&'37 Vict. time being in- force, such sutos as the said School Board are from c. 86. time to time authorised to borrow by the Education Department in pursuance of the' said Acts, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five [hundred thousand pounds.

1 The moneys so lent by the Board shall be repaid to them by the said School Board, with interest) within such period not exceeding fifty years1 as may be agreed upon between the Board and the said School Board with the sanction of the Education Department, subject to the approval of the Treasury.

14. In order to raise money for the several purposes for which Power to the Board are by this Act authorised to expend or lend money, the Board may, from time to time create consolidated stock. Provided always, that-r

Where the Board under .the authority of this Act create consolidated stock toraise money for the purpose of the Eire Brigade Act; 1865, or to- enable them to make a loan repayable within thirty years from the date of such loan,' the Board shall' from time to time carry to the:; consolidated loans fund such sums as the Treasury approve as being .in their opinion sufficient to* redeem within the period of* jfchirty years .from the' date 'of the creation of such stock, or in. the case ,o£ any ^such loan within any lesser period-far which the same may frs madc, an -amount of jconsolidated stock equal to that so created; .and.,:

Where the Board are .by this; Act authorised to make' a loan repayable within thirty years, from the.-date of the loan, the Board, insteadfof raising money for any such loan by the creation; of con-sqlidated stock, may; use .for. any such loan any moneys for the time being forming part of the consolidated loans fund, and not required for the payment of the dividends on consolidated stock; and

Where the Board raise consolidated stock for the purpose of any scheme made by the Board, under the authority of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, or . the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, and con-

go Ch. 27. Metropolitan Board ofWwha (Money} Act, 1883.46 & 47 Vict.

firmed by Provisional Order and Act of Parliament, there shall be repaid (as provided by the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875,) to the consolidated rate out of the local rate as defined by the said last-mentioned Act, all moneys required for payment of" dividends on and the redemption of all consolidated stobfc created for such purpose.

Board may 15. Notwithstanding anything in this Act or in any other Act MUs! money by relating to the Board contained, the Board, with the consent of the Treasury, may from time to time as they think fit raise any part of the moneys which they are by this Act authorised to raise, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, by the issue of bills under this Act.

Form and 16. A bill under this Act (in this Act referred to as a "metro-cmrenc^and Politan bill ") shall be a bill in form , prescribed by a regulation bterest op made in pursuance of this Act for the payment of the principal sum metropolitan named therein, in the manner and at the date therein mentioned, so that the date be not less than three nor more than(twelve months from the, date .of the bill Interest shall be payable in respect of a metropolitan bill at such rate and in such manner as the Board with the consent of the Treasury may, direct.

Payment and 17. All moneys raised by the issue, of any metropolitan bills shall proce^°of ° Pa^ to the Board, and shall be expended by them for the pur-metropolitian poses for which the same are by this Act authorised to be raised ofbiDsonhar8e resPe°tively. The principal money and interest expressed in any consolidated metropolitan bill to be payable shall be charged on the consolidated rate. rate, and shall be payable out of the said, rate, or as regards prin-

cipal out of moneys raised, by the .creation of, consolidated stock under this Act for the purpose for which such principal money has been expended, and as regards interest put of the consolidated loans fund.

Mode of issue iQ. With respect to the issue of metropolitan bills the following

bU]getr0p0 taD provisions shall have effect:

(1.) Metropolitan bills shall be issued under the authority of a warrant sealed by the Board and countersigned on behalf of the Treasury:

(2.') Each metropolitan bill shall be for the amount directed by the Board:

(3.) Each metropolitan bill shall be sealed by the Board, the sealing being attested by the clerk in his own name.

blmri'b18 he Koard may from time to time, with thfc consent of the

Board as to * ° Treasury, make, and when made rescind, alter, and add t6; regfila-issue, canceiia- tions for carrying into effe'et the provisions of this Act':With "fespect «on,&c.of metropolitan bills, and in particular —

Ws. P°ltan (1.) For regulating (subject^to the; ptOfiMohs of this Act): the preparation, form, mode of issuey mode of payment, and cancellation of m etrOpolitau bills r (2.) For regulating the issue of a new* Metropolitan bill in liefa of She defaced, 16fft/fof-destroyed:

, (3.)' For. preventing,7 by the Ibse of ' bfehtgffoils ;or of ‘it special

description of paper/ or otherwise, 'fraiid ih! relation to the metropolitan bills:

91

1883. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883, Ch. 27.

(4.) For the proper discharge to be given upon the payment of a metropolitan bill.

Every regulation purporting to be made in pursuance of this section shall be deemed to be within the powers of this Act, and shall have effect as if it were enacted in this Act.

20. For the purpose of paying off the principal money payable Power to create in respect of metropolitan bills the Board may raise any sum which

they are by this Act empowered to raise by the creation of con-

solidated stock for the purposes for which such principal monejr has whUe metro-been expended not exceeding the amount of such principal money, fu^orised^to be but save as aforesaid the powers given to the Board by this Act raised, to raise moneys for any purposes by the creation of consolidated stock shall be suspended to the amounts and for the periods to and for which moneys are for the time being authorised by the Treasury to be raised for such purposes respectively by the issue of metropolitan bills.

21. Sections eight, nine, ten, and eleven of the Act of the twenty- ^W)1lcat*on of

o ' . ' * v certain nro-

fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, visions of chapter ninety-eight, intituled "An Act to consolidate and amend 24 Sc las Vict.

" the statute law of England and Ireland relating to indictable "/.offences by forgery " (which sections relate to the forgery of and other frauds relating to Exchequer hiUs^-shall apply to the metropolitan bills, and shall have effect as if " Exchequer bill " in those sections included "metropolitan bill."'

22. The Board may enter into such arrangements with any bank Arrangement approved by the Treasury for carrying into effect the provisions of

this Actt with respect to the issue of metropolitan bills, and to the metropolitan payment of the principal sum" named therein, and to all matters ^ilk-relating thereto, and for the proper remuneration Of stch bank with reference thereto, as they may think proper and as may be approved by the Treasury.

23. The limitation on the borrowing power of the Board con- 32 & 33 Vict.

tained in section thirty-eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works n0t to extend to (Loans) Act, 1869, shall -not extend to moneys raised by the Board money raised fob purposes mentioned in this Act. - : under this Act.

24. All sums -received by the Board in respect .of interest on or Inpayments to

principal of any loan made by them under this Act shall be carried con^dated to the consolidated loads fund. " loans fond.

25. During the year ending the thirty-first day of December one limit to exer- thousand eight hundred and eighty-four the Board shall not ^except ?lse °^Brrow" for supbi temporary period, not exceeding six months, as the.^ Wer* Treasury may from time to time sanction) raise otherwise than in conformity With! and to the "extent mentioned'in this Act any

money Under any powers of borrowing conferred upon the Board either by this Act or any other Act whatsoever; Provided always, that the limitations contained.in this section shall pot extend to limit oriygqptrol the raisingvgf .moneyypder thei-authority of section thirty-four , of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 336* 39 Victi 1§69, or of secjbion eight of ‘ the Metropolitan Board Of Works c'

(Loans) Act, 1875, for the purposes in the said sections respectively

mentioned.

92

Ch.27. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883. 46&47 Vict.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

New Money Powers conferred in this Act.

Section of Act. Purpose. Amount.

4 Supplemental tip to 31st Dec. 1883. Fire Brigade (amount already sanctioned, £50,000) - £ s. d. 20,000 0 0

5 Loans to Guardians (amount already sanctioned, £200,000) - 50,000 0 0

r Up to 31st December 1884. Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1883 - 782,700 0 0

6 1 Metropolitan Board of Works Bridges Act, 1883 134,000 0 0

I Artizans' Dwellings 8 . . . 99,000 0 0

7 1st Jan. to 31st Dec. 1884. Hyde Park Corner Improvements - 10,000 0 0

8(a) Minor Improvements, and Contributions to Local Improvements, including Street Improvements sanctioned by Parliament for which no provision is elsewhere made in this Bill 100,000 0 0

(6) Parks, commons, and open spaces 15,000 0 0

(0 Bridges, including Commutation of Pensions (Act of 1877) - 30,000 0 0

(d) Fire Brigade - - 35,000 0 0

(e) Road by Wormwood Scrubs - - 6,000 0 0

(/) Streets under Act of 1877 ---- 750,000 0 0

(?) Thames River Prevention of Floods ... - 10,000 0 0

(h) Bridges (Act 1881) ---- 300,000 0 0

(0 Artizans'Dwellings - 30,000 0 0

w New Street, &c., under the Metropolitan and District Railways (City Lines and Extension) Act, 1879, and the Metropolitan and District Railways (City Lines and Extensions) Act, 1882 - 500,000 0 0

(l) Brook Green (addition to) - - 2,000 0 0

(m) Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1882 - 51,500 0 0

9 Main Drainage - .. 190,000 0 0

10 Loans to vestries and district boards - 200,000 0 0

Loans to other public bodies ---- 100,000 0 o

11 Loans to Guardians - 200,000 0 0

12 Loans to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District - 50,000 0 0

13 Loans to School Board for London 500,000 0 0

4,165.-200 0 0

03

Section of Act.

Purpose.

Amount.

Brought forward Amounts included above which are re-grants of borrowing power previously granted: Minor Improvements -Hyde Park Comer Improvement Parks, commons, and open spaces Bridges, including Commutation of Pen sions (Act of 1877)

Fire Brigade -Road by Wormwood Scrubs Streets under Act of 1877 Thames River Prevention of Floods Bridges (Act of 1881) -

Artizans' Dwellings

New Street, &c., under the Metropolitan and District Railways (City Lines and Extensions) Acts, 1879 and 1882 Brook Green (addition to)

Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1882 ...

Main Drainage -Loans to vestries iand district boards Loans to other public bodies Loans to Guardians - -

Loans to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District -

Loans to School Board for London

New borrowing powers:

For Board ,€1,056,075 0 0 1 For Loans 760,400 0 0 /

£ 8. d. £ s. d.

4,165,200 0 0

100,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

15,000 0 -0

30,000 0 0

15,155 0 0

6,000 0 0

750,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

300,000 0 0

30,000 0 0

500,000 0 0

2,000 0 0

50,970 0 0

190,000 0 0

76,400 0 0

19,000 0 0

800 0 0

43,400 0 0

200,000 0 0

2,348,725 0 0 __________

1,816,475 0 0

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Parks and Open Spaces Acts.

Part I.

The Finsbury Park Act, 1857, 20 & 21 Vict. c. cl.

, Southwark Park Act, 1864, 27 Vict. c. iv.

, Gardens in Towns Protection Act, 1863, 26 Vict. c. 13.

, Leicester Square Act, 1874, 37 Vict. c. x.

, Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1877> 40 & 41 Vict. c. 35.

, Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 122.

, , , , Amendment Act, 1869, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 107.

, , I , 1878, 41 & 42 Vict. e. 71.

, ,j , Supplemental Act, 1871 (Blackheath), 34 & 35 Vict. c. lvii.

, , , , , 1871 (Shepherd's Bush), 34 & 35 Vict.

c. lxiii.

, , , , , 1872 (Hackney Commons), 35 & 36 Vict.

e. xliii.

, , , ' » 1873 (Tooting Beck Common), 36 & 37

Vict. e. lxxxvi.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1875 (Tooting Graveuey Common), 38 & 39 Vict. c. clxxix. sec. 14.

, Hampstead Heath Act, 1871, 34 & 35 Vict. c. lxxvii.

The Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1877 (Clapham Common and Bostall Heath), 40 & 41 Vict. c. cci.

Plumstead Common Act, 1878, 41 & 42 Vict. c. cxlv.

, Wormwood Scrubs Act, 1879, 42 & 43 Vict. c. clx.

, Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1881 (Brook Green, Eel Brook Common, Ac.), 44 Vict. c. xviii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Hackney Commons) Act, 1881,44 & 45 Vict. c. cxlvii. , Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 34.

, Various Powers Act, 1882 (Peckham Bye and Tooting Beck), 45 & 46 Vict. c. lvi.

Part II. — Embankment Acts.

The Thames Embankment (North) Act, 1862, 25 & 26 Vict. c. 93., 26 & 27 Vict. c. 45. , , (South) Act, 1863, 26 & 27 Vict. c. 75.

, , Amendment Act, 1864, 27 A 28 Vict. c. cxxxv., 27 & 28 Vict.

c. 61.

, , (North and South) Act, 1868, 31 & 32 Vict. c. cxi., 31 & 32

Vict. c, 43.

, , (Chelsea) Act, 1868, 31 & 32; Vict., c, cxxxv., ,32 & 33 Vict.

c, 134.

, (North) Act, 1870, 33 & 34 Victi/cvxcii.

, , ' « , 1872, 35 & 36 Victi c. lxvk ;:

, , (Land) Act, 1873, 36 & 37 Vict; el 40.

, 'rocmtli) Act, 1873, 36 Vict. ct vil. '

Charing Cross and Victoria Embankment Approach Act, 1873, 36 A 37 Vict. c. c. Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, -1876 (Chelsea Embarikment), 39 & 40 Vict. c. lxxiv-

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the Companies Acts, 1862 and 1867.

[20th August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, !by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

Short tide. 1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Companies Act, 1883.

Construction 2. Thi§ Act shall, so far as is consistent with the terms thereof, be of Act. construed as one with the Companies Acts, 1862 and 1867.

Commence 3# This Act shall come into force on the' first day of September

ment of Act. 0Iie thousand eight hundred and eighty-three.

Wages and 4. In the distribution of the assets of any company being wound BrefCTeutiaf UP under the Companies Acts, 1862 and 1867, there shall be paid in claims. priority to'other debts, —

, (a.) AH wages or salary of any clerk or servant in respect of service rendered to the company during four months, .before the commencement of the winding up mot exceeding fifty pounds; and

(b.) All wages of any labourer or workman in respect of services rendered to ‘the Company during two months before the commencement of the winding up.

Such claims to 5. The foregoing debts shall rank equally among themselves, rank equally. an(j shall be, paid in full, unless the assets of the company are insufficient to meet them, in which case they shall abate in equal proportions between themselves. 1

95

1883. Companies Act, 1883. Ch. 28, 59.

6. Subject to the retention of such sums as may be necessary;for Liquidator t<y the costs of administration or otherwise, the liquidator or liquidators disctarge.8aine or official liquidator shall discharge the foregoing debts forthwith, "ufficienfipt of so far as the assets of the company are and will be sufficient to assets, meet them, as and when such assets come into the hands of such liquidator or liquidators or official liquidator.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to consolidate the Accounting Departments of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and for other purposes.

[20th August 1883.]

WHHEKEAS it is expedient that there should be bqt .one I accounting department for the Supreme Court of Judicature and all the courts and divisions thereof, and it is further expedient to amend certain provisions of the Chancery Funds Act, 1872, and 35& 36 ^iot' to provide for facilitating the business of the said department;

Beiiih enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the.advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and. Commons, in this present. Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the-same, as follows jfHjj . . m *... , ij;.

1. From and after the commencement of this Act there shall be one, accounting department for the Supreme Court of Judicature. Court.

2. All securities and money at the time of the commencement of Funds in thi^ Act. vested in the Paymaster-General in pursuance of the Chancery Chancery Funds; Act, 1872, and all securities and money at any lvision' time after the commencement of this Act transferred or paid, into or deposited in court, to the credit of any cause, matter, or account, in the Chancery Division of the High Court of. Justice, shall be vested irn Her. Majesty's Paymaster-General for. and on behalf of the Supreme Court of (Judicature, and shall continue to be and be subject to all the provisioris ;bf. the. Chancery Funds. Act, 1872, and to .the 35^ ff® ^ct rules heretofore made and now in Jdjpe vimder that Act, subject to such alterations therein and to such other and further rule^ ,as. shall from time to time be made, as thereby provided:. :t ... : y

3. ^i)i'The Lord Ghadcenorj .with the concurrence of th,e Treasury, JgfflFwi other may at- any . time afterthepassing @f this Act direct that aO moneys imeourtyOrfo ber,ihereaftebpaid into: court,fin any division of

the High Court of Justice, and all securities in court placed or to be placed to the credit of any. cause, matter, or account, in any suph division, ishaE foe transfeuredy'or paid, or placed (as the. case may be^ to. the, account or; cre«j,. of the Payoai^tlr-General for. and on" behalf of the Supreme Goiirt . of Judicature.

(6.) All moneys and securities t transferred, paid, or place.d,tp the said account or credit of the Paymaster-General under this ^section shall-.foe held by the Paymaster-General fot the time being, in trust to attend the orders of, the'Gaurt in regard thereto, and subject to rules to foe'made, under this Aefei-

The ConsoEdatecb Fund shall foe; Haiblet to. make good^tq^the suitors of the Court the moneys and securities' so transferred, paid, o¥ placed to the account' or credit of the Paymaster-General, .

<96 Ch.29, Supreme Court of Judicature (Funds, &c.) Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

Bower to make 4. (1.) The Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the rales. Treasury, may from time to time make rules for giving effect to the

provisions of the last preceding section, and for regulating the manner in which, subject to the orders of the court, the said moneys and securities shall be dealt with by the Paymaster-General, and may at any time revoke dr alter any such rules.

(2.) The Treasury shall cause to be kept by the Paymaster-General such books and accounts, and in such form and manner as they may from time to time direct, for the purpose of duly recording the transactions under the last preceding section; and the accounts kept by the Paymaster-General in respect of such transactions shall be audited by thet Comptroller and Auditor-General in the manner and Subject to the conditions prescribed in section twenty of the Chancery Funds Act, 1872.

KSk 5. All acts done by the Paymaster-General with reference to pursuant to money and securities in Court (whether such money and securities liules of Court, be paid, transferred, or delivered into Court under this Act or under the provisions of the Chancery Funds Act, 1872), pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of any general rules of the Supreme Couirt of Judicature made under the provisions of 38 & 39 Vict. the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875, and Acts amending the °-77, Same, shall be as valid and effectual as if they had been done in

pursuance of an order of the High Court of Justice or of the Court of Appeal.

Remit'ances by 0# jf under any rules made by the Lord Chancellor with the con* currence of the Treasury, or any regulations of the Treasury, the Paymaster:General be authorised to make payments of money to persons entitled thereto Upon their request by transmitting by post to such persons crossed cheques (or other documents intended to enable such persons to obtain payment of the sums, expressed therein, the posting of a letter containing such cheque or document, and addressed to any such person entitled thereto at the address given by him in his request, shall, as respects the liability of the Paymaster-General and of the" Consolidated Fund respectively, be equivalent to the delivery of such cheque, or ^document to such person himself.

Amendment of 7, Any rules made by the Lord Chancellor with; the concurrence c*44 s6m.Ct the Treasury under the provisions of the Chancery Funds Act, 1872, or this Act, may determine what evidence of an order of the High Court of Justice or Court of Appeal, and of the directions contained in such order, shall be necessary or sufficient, or-: necessary and sufficient to' authorise the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or any other person to transfer on sale or .otherwise, or to deliver out, any securities or other things standing in the books of or deposited with such bank Or person*to the credit or account of the said Paymaster-General for the time being under this or the aforesaid Act; and such securities or things shall be transferred or delivered out accordingly, on behalf of the Paymaster-General, by some officer of such bank or person, anything in section ten of the Chancery Funds Act, 1872, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. Short title. 8. This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court of Judicature (Funds, &e.) Act, 1883.

Ch. 30.

97

1883. Companies (Colonial Registers) Act, 1883.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to authorise Companies registered under the Companies Act, 1862, to keep Local Registers of their Members in British Colonies. [20th August 1883.]

WHEREAS many companies registered under the Companies | Act, 1862, cariy on business, in British colonies, and dealings in their shares are frequent in such colonies, but dejlay, inconvenience, and expense are occasioned, by reason of the, absence of any legal provision for keeping local registers of members, and it is expedient that such provisions as this Act. contains be made in that behalf:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as followsj

1. This Act may . be cited for all purposes as the Companies Short title and (Colonial Registers) Act, 1883; and this Act shall, so far as,is con- construction: sistent with the tenor thereof, be construed as one with the Companies Acts,. 1862 to 1880,.and the said Acts and, this Act may be referred to as the-Companies Acte, 1$62 to 1883.

2. In this Act the term " company '' means a company registered Definitions, under the Companies Act, 1862, and haying a capital divided into shares; the term "shares" includes stock; the term "colony'' does not include any place within fhefJnited Kingdom, the Isle of Man, or the , Channel Islands, but includes: such territories as may for the time being be vested in Her Majesty by virtue of an Act of Parliament for the government of, India, and any plantation, territory, or settlement situate elsewhere within Her Majesty's, .dominions.

3.' (1.) Any. company whose objeete comprise .the transaction of i'ower for business ina colony may, if. authorised, so to do by. its regulations, £eepPcdoiuai as .originally framed 8bf;*&tered. by special resolution, cause to be registers, kept in any colony,in which it, transacts business a branch register or registers of, members resident in such colony.

, (2.) The?;ebmpajiy.,shall give to the registrar of joint stock companies. notice of the situation of the office where any such, branch register ,(in .this Act called .a colonial register) is kept, and of any change therein, and.nf the dtecontinuunce of any. such office in the event of the same, being/discontmued. V

. (3f) A>eolphial register shall, as .regards' the 'particulars, entered therein, be deemed to be a‘ part of the. company's register of members, and shall be prima facie eyidencp of' all particulars, entered therein. Any such register shall b.e keptui the, .manner provided

by the Companies .Apts* 1§62» to.1880", with this qualification that the advertisement mentioned in section thirty-three of the. Companies Act, 1862, shall be inserted in pome newspaper circulating in the district wherein the -.Register to beMf4p5ed is kept, and that any competent court, in the colony where such register is kept shall be entitled to exercise the same jurisdiction "pf rectifying the same as is by section thirty-five of the Companies Act, 1862, vested, as respects a register, in England and Ireland, in Her Majesty's superior courts of law or equity, and that all ofieneCs didder section thirty^ 25 & 26 y;cti two of the Companies Act, 1862, may, as regards a colonial register, c. 89.

98 oh. 30,31. Companies (Gafowial Registers) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Victj

be prosecuted summarily -before any tribunal in the colony where such register is kept having summary criminal j urisdiction.

(4.) The company shall transmit to its registered office a copy of every entry in its colonial register or registers as soon as may be after such entry is made, and the company shall cause to be kept at its registered office, duly entered up from time to time, a duplicate or duplicates of its colonial register or registers. The provisions of section thirty-two of the Companies Act, 1862, shall apply to every such duplicate, and every, such duplicate shall, for all the purposes of the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1880, be deemed to be part of the register of members of the company.

(5.) Subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to the duplicate register, the shares registered in a colonial register shall be distinguished from the shares registered in the principal register; and no transaction with respect to any shares registered in a colonial register shall, during the continuance of the registration of such shares in such colonial register, be' registered in any other register.

(6.)' The eompany may discontinued keep any colonial register, and thereupon all entries in that register: shall be transferred to some other colonial register kept by the company in the same colony, or to the register of members kept at the registered office of the company.

;(7.) In relation to stamp duties the! following provisions shall have effect

(a.) An. instrument of transfer of a share registered in a colonial' register under this Act shall be deemedjto be a transfer of pro*> perty situated out of the United Kingdom, and unless okeeuted' -in any part of the United Kingdom shall be exempt from . British stamp dfity;

* (k). Upon the death of a member registered in a colonial register under this Act, the share or. other interest of the- deceased

I | member shall for the purposes of this Act so far as relates* to British duties be. deemed to. be part of his estate and effects situated in the United Kingdom for or in'.respect -of which . probate or; letters of administration is or are to be granted, or whereof an inventory is to- be exhibited and recorded in like manner as if he were registered. in the register I of* members kept at the registered office of the company.'

(8.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any company may, by its regulations as originally framed, or as altered by special -resolution, make such provisions as it may think fit respecting the beeping of colonial registers.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to prohibit the Payment of Wages to Workmen in Public-houses and certain other places.

Mg August 1883.];

85 & so Vict. Vv^ WHEREAS by thejgb^l Mines Biegulations Act, 1872, and the, 85& 36 Vict. Jlefolliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872, the payment in c. 77. public-houses, beershops, or other places in the said Acts mentioned.

of wages to persons employed in or about any mines to which the

99

1883. 'Payment ofWagesinPubUc-homes Prohibition Act. Ch. 31,32.

said Acts apply is prohibited, and it is expedient to extend such prohibition to the payment in public-houses, beershops, and other places in England and Scotland of wages to all workmen as defined-by this Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Payment of Wages in Public- Short title, houses Prohibition Act, 1883.

2. In this Act the expression " workman " means any person who Definition of is a labourer, servant in husbandry, journeyman, artificer, handi- workman-craftsman, or is otherwise engaged in manual labour, whether under

the age of twenty-one years or above that age, but does not include a domestic or menial servant, nor any person employed in or about dny mine to which the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1872, or the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872, applies.

3. From and after the passing of this Act no wages shall be paid No wages to be to any workman at or within any public-house, beershop, or place ^lioJwnse* for the sale of any spirits, wine, cyder, Or other spirituous‘or fermented liquor, or any office, garden, or place belonging thereto or

occupied therewith, save and except such wages as are paid by the resident owner pr occupier of such public-house, beershop, or place to .any workman bon& fide employed by him.

Every person who contravenes or fails to comply with Or permits any person to Contravene or fail to comply with this Act shall be guilty Of an offence against this Act.

And in the event Of Any wages being paid by any person in con-travehtibn ofj ithe provisions of this Act for or on behalf, of any employer, Sui^eihplbyer shall himself be guilty of an offence against this Act, unless he prove that he had taken all reasonable means in his pbWer :fof eftfdfcing' the^pibvisibrbi of this Act ' and to * prevent such contravention.

4. Every persbn who is guilty of; an offence against this Act Penalties, shall'.be liable'to a penalty' not . exceeding ten pounds fot each offence^ and all Offences against thiq Act may be prosecuted and

all penalties‘under this Act may be recovered'by any person summarily in England in the manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Abts,%hff ih: Scdlla1fda% : mannei‘ JprO\dded by the Suinmary Jurisdiction' (Scotland)''Acts, 1864 ahd: 1881.

5. '‘ This Act ^hafi'.ndt apply to lrelaild.: ' ' Act not to

apply to

____'AifaAjiiriiJ-: __ - ,y.y-j B Ireland.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to make further provision respecting the» application of the Revenues of Greenwich Hospital* and for , other purposes. [20th August 1883.]

BE It enacted By the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice, and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons; ib this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

100 Ch. 32. Greenwich Hospital Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

Short title and i. This Act may be cited as .the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1883, construction of this Act and the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1872, shall be read and have effect together as one Act, and may be cited together as the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1883.

Powers for grant of Pensions, <&c. out of Greenwich Hospital Fu/nds.

Power to grant 2. The Admiralty may out of the funds of Greenwich Hospital allowances, and ®rom ^me ^me gTant pensions to widows and allowances to gratuities. children of —

r(a.) Non-commissioned officers and petty officers and men of the Royal Navy and Marines killed or drowned in the service of the Crown, or on lifeboat service; and of (b.) Men of the Royal Naval Volunteers killed or drowned in the service of the Crown; and of (c.) Men killed or drowned in the service of the Crown while serving in the Seamen Pensioners' Reserve; and of (d.) Men of the Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force killed or drowned in the service of the Crown.

The Admiralty may out of the said funds from time to time grant gratuities to parents or other relatives dependent on any such noncommissioned officer, petty officer, or man, as aforesaid, killed, drowned, or deceased as aforesaid, so, however, that the total expenditure in such gratuities shall not exceed in any one year the sum of five hundred pounds.

The Admiralty may, if they see fit, by regulations made as herein-after mentioned, extend the powers and provisions of this section to cases where such non-commissioned officers, petty officers, or men as aforesaid, die from the effects of any injury or disease caused by extraordinary exposure or exertion in the service of the Crown.

No person shall be eligible to receive any benefit under this section on account of the decease of any such non-commissioned officer, petty officer, or man as aforesaid, which took place before the fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eighty, ^rovidefor 3* The Admiralty may out of the funds of Greenwich Hospital edncation'and ^rom time tone provide wholly or in part for the education and maintenance of maintenance of sons of deceased or incapacitated warrant officers, maa non-commissioned officers, petty officers, and men of the Royal Navy

and Marines, and also for the education and maintenance of sons of men of the Royal Naval Volunteers and Royal Naval Artillery Volunteer Force killed or drowned in the service of the Crown. Regulations by 4. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Admiralty may from Admiralty. time to time make such regulations as may seem fit for determining the nature and amount of the pensions, allowances, gratuities, and payments for education and maintenance' to be granted or made under the powers of this Act, according to the circumstances of different cases, and for governing the selection of the persons to receive the benefit of this Act. Regulations made by the Admiralty under this Act shall not have- effect unless and until they are approved by Her Majesty in Council.

Pensions, &c. 5, All pensions allowances gratuities and payments granted or

ParUamrat,by mac*e under the authority of this Act, shall be in the first instance

1883.

iGh'eenwieh Hospital Act, 1883. Ch. 32, 33. 101

defrayed out of money provided by Parliament for that purpose, ?nd m<>ney to and shall be repaid to the Consolidated Fund of the United King- erepai dom from the Greenwich Hospital Income Account in like manner, as money expended out of money provided by Parliament for the purposes of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, is repaid thereto. Removal of

6. All gratuities or allowances purporting to have been granted doubts as to

or made before the passing of this Act under the authority of an der Order of Her Majesty in Council dated the fourth day of February Council of one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, shall be deemed to 1875. have been authorised by the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865., - : cfss.2 C

7. The decision of the Admiralty respecting the eligibility of any Decjai011 person to receive any benefit under the Acts, Orders in Council, and Admiralty regulations which govern the administration of the revenues of respecting Greenwich Hospital, or respecting any other question arising as to ^vecon‘ the appointment or grant of any pension, allowance, gratuity, or benefit under those Acts, Orders, and regulations, shall be binding

and conclusive to and for all intents and purposes.

Vesting of Property Mortgaged to Admiralty.

8. All lands, rates, and other property which have been or been Vesting in

expressed to be conveyed, assigned, or assured by way of mortgage of

to the Admiralty or to trustees on behalf of the Admiralty, by any mortgaged, instrument in force at Ahe time of the passing of this Act, shall by

virtue of this Act, continue to be or be vested in the Admiralty for the time being for the same estates, but subject to the equities of redemption subsisting in or affecting the same respectively; and all lands, rates, and other property conveyed, assigned, or assured after the passing of this Act by way of mortgage to secure any moneys advanced by the Admiralty shall be conveyed, assigned, or assured, to. and vest in the Admiralty for the time being; and all lands, rates, and other property vested in the Admiralty under this section shall go to and be held by the Lord High Admiral for the time being or the Commissioners for the time being for executing the office of Lord High Admiral in succession, in trust for Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for the exclusive benefit of Greenwich Hospital.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to amend the Irish ^Reproductive Loan Fund Act,

1874. ( ..... ... [20th August 1883.]

WHEREAS under-the provisions of. an Act of Parliament passed

J^jipjthe session of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of 37 & as Vict reign of Her present Majesty, chapter eighty-six, intituled the c- 86-Irish Reproductive Loan Fund, Act, 1874, as amended by an Act of Parliament passed in the forty-fifth year of the reign of Her present Majesty* intituled " An Act to,amend, the Irish Reproductive Loan "Fund Act, 1874," the property ip the fund known as the Irish. Reproductive | Loan Fund was passed to and vested in i£he Commissioners of . Public Works in Ireland uppn trust that the said Commissioner should dispose of the same by way of loan for the promotion of such purposes or objects of public utility not otherwise-

202 Ch. 38. Irish Reproductive Loom Fund Amendment. 46 & 47 Vict;

provided for in whole or in part by local rate or assessment, including the instruction in and the promotion of agricultural science in the counties of Clare, Cork, Galway, Kerry, Leitrim, Limerick, Mayo,' Roscommon, Sligo, and Tipperary:

And whereas it was by the said Acts further enacted that in eight of the said counties referred to in the former of the said Acts as " maritime counties " (being the counties above enumerated' with the exception of the counties of Roscommon and Tipperary), such purposes should be deemed to include purposes defined in the said Acts as "fishery purposes," for which fishery purposes the Commissioners were empowered to advance by Way of loan such amount not exceeding in the whole the amount standing to the credit of each of the eight counties in any year as the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries might from time to time recommend:

And whereas doubts have arisen with regard to the scope and meaning of the expression "such purposes of public utility not " otherwise provided for in whole or in part by local rate or " assessment," and by reason of such doubts the counties of Roscommon and Tipperary, not being maritime counties, have been debarred from participating in the benefits of the said Irish Reproductive, Loan Fund:

And whereas it is desirable that the comities of Roscommon and Tipperary should be enabled to participate in the benefit of such portions of the said funds as may stand -to the credit of each of such counties respectively in any year:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Amendment Act, 1883.

Amendment of 2. As regards the counties of Roscommon and Tipperary the sec. 4 of words contained in the fourth section of the Act thirty-seventh 38 Vict' and thirty-eighth Victoria, chapter eighty-six, " not1 otherwise pro- vided for in Whole or in part by local rate or assessment," are hereby repealed.

Loans to town 3. Subject to the provisions of this Act it shall be lawful for < — oners the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to advance by way Reproductive loan to the town commissioners of every town situated wholly Loan Fund, or partially within the-cownties of Roscommon or Tipperary which has adopted the provisions of the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, such amount of the Irish. Reproductive Loan Fund, nojb, exceeding in the whole the amount standing to the credit of each of the said counties respectively in any year, as the Commissioners, with the consent of the Treasury, may from time to, time think proper for such objects of public utility as may be approved by thd Treasury.

Steps to be 4. Prior to the advance of any such loan as is in the last section taken to pro- mentioned, the town commissioners requiring a loan shall forward cure loan. a written representation to the Commissioners of'Public Works stating the object of public utility for which the loan is required, accompanied by an' estimate of the amount to be expended upon the proposed works or objects, and by such maps, plans, and

303

1883j Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Amendment. Oh 33.

explanations aS may besufficierit to satisfy the Commissioners of the public utility of the proposed works or objects, and that the amount required to be advanced is reasonably adequate to carry out the proposed works Or objects; the town commissioners shall likewise specify the period within which they propose that the said loan should be repaid and the fund or rate Upon which it is intended to be secured, and abq,ll satisfy the Commissioners Of the adequacy of such security.

5. The exercise of the powers of borrowing1 conferred by this Act Conditions of . shall be subject to the following regulations

(1.) Honey shall Uot be borrowed except for permanent objects of pubKb Utility '(including under the expression any Works of which the' cost Ought in the-opinion of the Commissioner^ to be spread over a term of years):

(2.) The money may be borrowed for such time not exceeding thirty-five years as the Commissioners determine in each case, and subject as aforesaid the town commissioners shall repay the moneys so borrowaign such manner as the Commissioners, with the consent of the Treasury, may from time to time determine:$

(3.) There shall be charged by way of interest in i'espeOt Of lOans such interest (if any) hot exceeding two founds ten shillings per centum as the OommissicEners may from time to time determine: u

(4.) | No money shall be expended under this Act on any- institution ^having forjits .olbjgct the reformation; of criminals! ,

6. It shall be lawful for the town commissioners of any town to Rate for re-which a loan is made in pursuance of the provisions of this Act in

case no fund exists err no sufficient portionof. the rates of Such town is available for the repayment of such loan to levy a rate for : the purpose, of repaying siuch loan; provided that the rate levied under this section does not exceed one penny in the pound upon the entire assessable value of the area-over which the jurisdiction to levy rates of such town commissioners extends, and such town' commissioners . shall hay e .all ^such powers ip enforce the payment of any rate levied in pursuance of this section as are now possessed- by them to-enforce payment of the ordinary .rates payable in respect of-such town.

7. The jtown commfesi©ners -of. any town requiring a loamunder Power of the provisions* of, this Act are hereby authorised and -emppwetred to mortgagings charge and mortgage to the Commissioners any portion of the rates

of such town or the-special rate levied'in pursuance of . the last .preceding /section- for . securing : the repayment of- such loan with jmterest ^t^he time;pr3ltinjieq specified by the Commission's, and in the event mf? the*} nonpayment of such loan pr- any part thereof at the time or times, so specified it shall be lawful for the Commis-Monera to sesquester such,portianof>the rates or such special rate as may have been mortgaged or charged to them for the purposes aforesaid, and to collect the same until: the loan or? .the. portion thereof unpaid shall have been satisfied, and for this purpose the Commissioqo^i shall hayerand are hereby empowered to : use allthe remedies possessed by the town Commissioned for the .collection and enforcement of, such rates or. special rate. 9

8* if uqt,inconsistent with the context* the following interpretation,

terms have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them; that is tq -say, - n, paj-W

104

Ch.33, 34. Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Amendment. 46 & 47 Vict.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 103.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 103.

This Act to be construed with 37 & 38 Vict. c. 86.

"Commissioners" means the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

" Town commissioners " means the commissioners appointed under the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, and any Act amending the same; and in the case of towns in which the governing body is a town council, but in which the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, is in force, the term " town commissioners " includes such town council.

" Town "i means any town as defined by section one of the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, which has adopted that Act.

" Treasury " means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

9. This Act and the Act thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Victoria, chapter eighty-six, shall be read and construed as one Act, except in so far as the provisions of the said Act are inconsistent with or repealed by the provisions of the present Act.

'Short title.

Abolition of passenger duty for cheap trains, and reduction on urban traffic.

Provision for proper third-class accommodation and workmen's trains.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Railway Passenger Duty, and to amend and consolidate the Law relating to the conveyance of the Queen's Porces by Railway.

[20th August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Cheap Trains Act, 1883.

2. After the commencement of this Act the duties now payable in respect of passengers conveyed for hire on a railway shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be varied as follows:

(1.) Fares not exceeding the rate of one penny a mile shall be exempt from duty; but fares for return or periodical tickets shall be exempt from duty only where the ordinary fare for the single journey does not exceed that rate:

(2.) Duty shall be payable at the rate of two per cent, on fares exceeding the rate of one penny a mile for conveyance between railway stations within one urban district certified so to be in manner provided in this section:

(3.) Where the Board of Trade are satisfied that any two or more railway stations are within an area which has a continuous urban as distinguished from a rural or suburban character, and contains a population of not less than one hundred thousand inhabitants, the Board of Trade may certify that those stations are within one urban district for the purposes of this Act. The Board of Trade may from time to time and at any time rescind or vary any certificate given by them under this section.

3. (1.) If at any time the Board of Trade have reason to believe —

(a.) that upon any railway or part of a railway, or upon any line or system of railways, whether belonging to one company or to two or more companies, which forms a continuous means of communication, a due and sufficient proportion of the accom-

1883.

\Chea/p Trains Act, 1883. Ch. 34. 10

modation provided by such company or companies is not provided for passengers at fares not exceeding the rate of one penny a mile; or

(&.) that upon any railway carrying passengers proper and sufficient workmen's trains are not provided for workmen going to and returning from their work at such fares and at such times between six o'clock in the evening and eight o'clock in morning as appear to the Board of Trade to be reasonable, then and in either case the Board of Trade may make such inquiry as they think necessary, or may, if required by the company or any of the companies concerned, refer the matter for the decision of the Railway Commissioners, who shall have the same power therein as if it had been referred to their decision in pursuance of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873.

(2.) If on an inquiry under this Act it is proved to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade or the Railway Commissioners, as the case may be, that such proper and sufficient accommodation or workmen's trains as aforesaid are not provided by any railway company, the Board of Trade or the Railway Commissioners, as the case may be, may order the company to provide such accommodation or workmen's trains at such fares as, having regard to the circumstances, may appear to the said Board or the Commissioners to be reasonable.

(3.) If any company on^whom an order is made under this Act to provide proper and sufficient accommodation or workmen's trains refuse, or, at any time after the expiration of one month from the making thereof, neglect to comply with the order, the Board of Trade shall issue a certificate to that effect to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and after the date of such certificate the company shall lose the benefit of this Act and be liable to pay in respect of the fares received after such date the same amount of passenger duty as would be payable if the passenger duty had not been varied as provided by this Act, and shall continue so liable in respect of all fares received up to the date at which the Board of Trade certify that the company has complied with the said order.

Where two or more companies are concerned, the certificate shall state whether both or all, or one or more, and which of them is in default.

(4.) A company on whom an order is made by the Board of Trade under this section may within six months after the making of the order appeal to the Railway Commissioners, who shall have the same power in the matter as if it had been originally referred to their decision.

(5.) The Board of Trade or the Railway Commissioners, as the case may be, may rescind or vary any order made by them under this section.

4. (1.) Where any Act of Parliament allows a number of miles Provision as to greater than the actual number of miles to be reckoned for the sP®cial mileage purpose of calculating the fares on any part of a railway, the charges, mileage so allowed shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be the mileage of that part of the railway.

(2.) Where any Act of Parliament allows special or exceptional charges upon any part of a railway, that part shall for the purpose

Proviso as to fractions of miles.

31 & 23 Vict. e. 78.

Conveyance of the Queen's forces at reduced rates.

44 & 45 Vict. c* 58.

of calculating fores under this Act be deemed to be a separate railway. * f

5. For the purposes of this Act fares shall not be deemed to exceed the rate of one penny a mile which do not exceed one penny for a single journey of any distance less than a mile, or, where the distance travelled, being more than one mile, is any number of complete half-miles and a fraction'not less than a quarter of a mile, do-not exceed one halfpenny for every half-mile and one halfpenny for the fraction; but for a child between three and twelve years of age the fare shall not exceed* half an adult's fare, and children under three years of age shall be conveyed free of fcharge;: Provided that a railway company shall not be bound to charge lets than one penny to any person over three years of age for any single journey.

Any charge or fare which by any local and personal Act! relating to any railway is declared to be a charge or fare consistent with th'e provisions of the enactments relating to; passenger duty which are repealed by this Act shall be deemed for the- purposes of this Act to be a fare not exceeding the rate of one penny a mile*

6. (1.) For the purpose of moving by railway on any occasion of the public service-1- '

'; (a) any of the officers or men in- or belonging to Her Majesty's navy, or royal naval volunteers, and any other officers or men under the command or government of the Admiralty; and : (b) any of the officers or soldiers in Her Majesty's regular reserve or auxiliary forces (within the meaning of the Army Act, 1881, or any Act amending the same) for title time being subject to military law; and | (tf) any officers or men of any police force ;

(all and any of which officers, soldiers, and men are in this Act called " the forces '')'; 4 every railway company shall, on; the production of a route duly signed for the conveyance of < the forces, provide conveyance for them and their personal luggage, and also for any public baggage, stores, arms, ammunition, and other .necessaries and things, whether actually accompanying the'forces or not, at all usual times at which passengers are conveyed by the -company, on< such terms as may be agreed on between the railway company and the Secretary of State, Admiralty, or police authority, and subject to or in default of agreement on the following terms:

: (i.) The passenger carriages provided shall be--of such classes in use on the railway, and id such proportions, as .specified in the route, all carriages being protected from the weather and having proper accommodation:

(ii.) The fares shall not-' exceed1 the'f ollowing proportions of- the fares charged to private passengers for the single Journey by ordinary train in the respective-classes - of .carriages 'specified in the route, that is to say, if1 the'number- of - persons conveyed is less than one hundred and fifty, three fourths; -and if the number is one hundred and fifty or more, then- for the first One hundred and fifty, three fourths, as for-four officers and one hundred and forty-six soldiers or- other persons; and for the numbers in excess of the said one hundred and fifty, one half:

107

1883. Ohewp Trains Act, 1883. Ofi. 34.1

" (iii.) This section shall apply to such wives, widows, and children of members of the forces as are entitled to be conveyed at the public expense, in like, manner as if they were part of the forces, but children less than three years old shall be conveyed free of charge, and the fare for a child more than three and less than twelve years old shall be half the fare payable under this section for an adult:

(iv,) One hundredweight of personal luggage shall be conveyed by the railway company free of charge for every one conveyed under this section who is required by the route to be conveyed first-class, and half a hundredweight for every other person conveyed; and any excess of weight shall be conveyed at not more than two thirds of the rate charged to the public for excess luggage:

(v.) The said public; baggage, stores, arms, ammunition, necessaries, and things shall be carried at rates hot exceeding,twopence per ton per mile, the assistance of the forces to be given when available in loading and unloading the same:

(vi.) Provided that the company shall not be bound under this section1 to carry gunpowder br other explosive Or combustible matters except on terms agreed upon between the company and the Admiralty or one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as the case may be.

(2.) For the-purposes of this section a route duly signed shall be deemed to be' a route issued and signed ‘in accordance with section one hundred and three of the Army Act, 1881, or an order signed by a person authorised in this behalf by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries ^of State, or a route or order signed by a person authorised in this behalf by the Admiralty, or, as regards the police, a route or order signed by a person authorised in this behalf by the police' authority. ;

(3‘.) Fares 'payable xmdef this section shall be exempt from passenger duty.1 i

| (4;) Where a'company has by refusal or neglect .to .comply witlr an order of the Board of Trade or the Railway Commissioners lost the benefit of this Act, that company shall, until its compliance is certified as in this Act provided, be exempt- from the provisions of this, section, but shall be Joouna. to-.con.vey all such persons and things as mentioned in this sectionron the same terms as if this Act had not been paissed.

7. The Act of the fifth and sixth years~of Her Majesty's reign, Amendment of chapter seventy-nine, intituled " An Act to repeal - the duties pay- 5 & 6 vic*-able on stage carriages and ofi passengers conveyed upon railways 79> ss‘

" and certain other stamp duties in Great Britain, and to grant " other duties in lieu thereof, and also to. amend the laws relating " to the stamp duties," is hereby amended in the following respects'

(a.) In lieu of the affidavit required, by section four of the said Act in verification of accounts rendered for the purposes'of railway passenger duty> every such account shall be certified to be a full and true account under the hand of the person by whom the affidavit, would have been made if this Act had not been passed.

108

(b.) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may, at their discretion, dispense with the security by bond required by section seven of the said Act.

Definitions. 8. In this Act, unless a contrary intention appears from the context —

The term " fare " includes all sums received or charged for the hire, fare, or conveyance of passengers upon or along any railway:

The term "railway company" includes any person being the owner or lessee of or working any railway in the United Kingdom constructed or carried on under the powers of any . Act of Parliament:

The term " the Admiralty " means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom for the time being, or the Commissioners for the time being for executing the office of Lord High Admiral: The term " police force " means the police force of the metropolitan police district or any county, borough, or place maintaining a separate police force:

The term " police authority " means the Secretary of State, quarter. sessions, watch committee, police committee, police , commissioners, or. other authority having the management of a police force.

Anything which the Board of Trade is by this Act empowered or required to do may be done by writing under the hand of the President or Secretary or one of the Assistant Secretaries of the Board. ^nt'oTlrt 9. This Act, shall come into operation on the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

Repeal. 10. Without prejudice to anything done or suffered, or any right

acquired or liability incurred before the. commencement of this Act, the Acts specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed* as from the commencement of this Act, to the extent specified in the third column of the Schedule, except so far as such. Acts apply to Ireland, and except as respecting the conveyance of forces by companies who lose the benefit of this Act.

Extent of Act, 11. This Act shall , not extend to Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title. - - . -- Extent of Repeal.

5. & 6 Vict. c. 55. - An Act for the hotter regulation of railways and for the conveyance of troops. inaction twenty. |

7 & 8 Vict. c. 85. - An Act to attach certain conditions: i^to-the construction of future railways authorised or to be authorised by any Act of the present or succeeding sessions of Parliament; and for other purposes in*-relation to railways. Sections- six, seven, eight, ... ,nine, ten, and twelve.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 69. An Act to make better provision con-; cerning the entry and service of seamen, and otherwise to amend , the laws concerning Her. Majesty's ^Navy. .Section eighteen.

1883. ChM'p Trains Act, 1883. Ch. 34, 35.

Session and Chapter. . Title. Extent of Repeal.

21 & 22 Vict.'o.75. An Act to amend the law relating to cheap trains, and to restrain the exercise of certain powers by canal companies being also railway com- Sections one and two.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 33. panies. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain duties of inland revenue; and to amend the laws relating to the inland revenue. Section fourteen.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to make better provision as regards the Metropolis for the isolation and treatment of persons suffering from Cholera and other Infectious Diseases; and for other purposes. - [20th August 1883.]

"117" HE REAS it is expedient that further powers be conferred on V» certain local authorities in the metropolis for the provision of hospital accommodation, and the isolation and treatment in suitable hospitals of persons suffering from cholera and other infectious diseases; and that better provision be made respecting the powers of the port sanitary authority of the port of London, and other matters:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Diseases Prevention (Metropolis) Short title. Act, 1883.

2. The managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District (in this Managers of

Act referred' to as" the managers ") -shall be within that district a Metropolitan local - authority under the Diseases Prevention Act, 1855, for such ^l^tobe1*" purposes of the said Act, and with such powers-and duties as may local authority from time to tifiaebe specified by regulations of the Local Govern- for certain ment Boardv^ Egl

jB Subject.to such regulations the managers may from time to time Prevention Act. utilise any of their buildings, ambulances, and other property, and 18 *19 vict-their staff, for the execution of any powers or duties conferred or 1 i npofosedi on-them underjthe said Act and this Act.

3. Any authority or- body of persons having the management Power of and control of any hospital, infirmary, asylum, or workhouse may

from time to-time let the same or any part thereof to the managers; reception of or may enter into and carry into effect contracts with the managers cholera \ for the-reception, treatment* and maintenance therein of persons Patients-suffering from cholera within the district of the managers.

Provided that the power conferred by this section shall not, without the consent of the Local Government Board, be exercised with Respect to any asylum under the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867,

Or any workhouse.

CS. 35. Diseases Prev'emMim (Metropolis) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vicrt

Expenses Of 4. All expenses incurred Tby the managers in the execution of managers and any powers and duties conferred or imposed on them under the airthorities Diseases Prevention Act, 1855, and this Act, shall be defrayed in the same manner as the expenses mentioned in section thirty-one so Vict c. 6. of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, are to be defrayed under that section; and shall be raised and be recoverable in the same manner as expenses under the l&St-mentioned Act.

, The amount expended by any local authority in the metropolis under the Diseases Prevention ALct; 1855/6ther than the managers, in providing any building for the reception1 of patients or other persons under that Act, snail, t6 such extent aS may be determined by the Local Government Board, together with two thirds of the salaries or remuneration of any officers or servants employed in any such building "under that'Act, be repaid to them from the Metropolitan Common Poor Fund by the receiver of that fund, out of any moneys for the. time being in his hahds, upon the precept of the said Board, to be issued by them after the production of such evidence in support of the expenditure fys. they may deem satisfactory, and the'Board may. require contributions for the purpose of raising the sums so repayable.

Power of ves- 5. The provision of hospital accommodation under the Sanitary triet boEurds^to Act, 1866, shall be deemed to be a purpose for'which vestries and borrow for district boards in the metropolis are authorised to borrow under

hospitals. the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and sections one hundred

mMvict and eighty-thfee to one hundred and ninety-one (both included^ of that Act shall apply and h ave effect aecorffingly.

Manners to 6. "Whereas it is necessary, in order to facilitate the conveyance fto MnbarU-68 by water to hospital ships and hospitals on or near the Thames Of tion, &c. of persons suffering from infectious disease, that the managers should patients. provide wharves or landing places for; that propose:' Be it therefore enacted that it shall be‘itheoduty of ^the.managers and ! they arfe hereby required to provide: on the banks of the said river wharves or landing places, not exceeding three in numbOr/within the metropolis, and one wharf or landing place beyond the metropolis, with ag convenient approaches thereto respecti^ely^fdr the embarkation and landing of. persons removed to or from any hospital ship Or hospital ::1‘ belonging to the managers, and- &r . any other purpose in relation i thereto. The provision of such wharves dr - landing places and Ji: approaches shall be deemed tpibA a purpose of the Metropolitan S Poor Act, 1867, and so much of the Lands Clauses Acts /as prelates to the purchase of lands-otherwise thauby; agreement may beput in force for such purpose in the manner provided by‘section fifty-three of that Act, hut not without such: advertisements and notices as are mentioned in .section fiftytfour of ^the saane Act; and when such wharves or landing places and approaches have- been7 provided - on sites approved by order of the Local Government Board, the same shall be deemed to he expressly authorised by this Act. Admission into 7. The admission of a person suffering from infectious disease into parochkl relief #fM hospital || hospital ship provided by the managers, or the main-so as to dig- tenance of any such person therein, shall not - be considered to' be parochial: relief, alms, or/charitable Aallowanee to any person, Or to the parent of any person, and no- such person or hie parent shall' by reason thereof be deprived of any right or privilege-, or be subject tb any disability or disqualification.

Ill

1983. Diseased PtfeVGnUon (Mdropglifiy Act, 1883; <Ch. 35; 36.

8. The Local Government Board shall be deemed to have been Port sanitary

empowered to assign to the port sanitary authority of the port of of E>ndon.

London for the whole of the said port the powers rights duties capacities liabilities and obligations which they have assigned to

them; and the said Board may, from time to time, assign to the said port sanitary authority for the whole of the said port any powers rights duties capacities liabilities and obligations of an urban sanitary authority under the Public Health Act, 1875, with such modifica-; tions and additions (if any) as may appear to the Board to be required. . i | ImH <.»>

The said port sanitary authority may acquire and hold land for the purposes of their constitution without any license in mortmain.

9. Nothing dnthisAct shall be deemed or construed to exofnpt Saving for any local authority in the metropolis from the performance of any f0t^authori-duties or liabilities assigned to them by regulations, of, the Local ties. Government Board under the Diseases Prevention Act, 1855.

10. The power of the Local Government Board to issue directions Power of Local and regulations under the Diseases Prevention Act/ .1855, shall BoaM^o^make extend to issuing directions and regulations with respect to the regulations, powers and duties of the managers as a local authority under the

Diseases Prevention Act, 1855, and with-respect to the adjustment of their functions relatively to those of other local authorities under the said Act and this Act. 11

11. The Diseases Prevention Act, 18/55, shall be deemed to apply Provision for to the hamlet of Mottingham, in: the county: of. Kent, and the rural haml?t of sanitary authority of the Lewisham. Union shall (subject to thepro-.Mottingham. visions of . this Act) be the local, authority, for the execution of the-

said Act in the said parish, and their expenses shall be defrayed in

like manner as their general ekpensea in the execution-^ the Publie 38 & 39 Vict.

Health AcfcJ1875v-. J... j -Six bis<j uj -xnt# ^oyrttaiHa'i vtf & 56*

12. In and for the purposes (rf this Act, words, and expressions interpretation, have .the same meanings, unless inconsistent with the context, as

they have in the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867.^'- H9 v i so Vict. c. 6.

| s^iGhoiera & includes choleraic diarrhoea;

ni&Diseases Prevention! Acti'/lfSf 5yit;jinoludes any Act . or Acts: W* l# Vict._ amending the same. g| A ->. ( jugM zy. ifa. c-116-

13. This Act shall not continueJln force after: the first day of Duration of September one thousand eight, hundred and eighty-four,.except, so Act

far as regards any property acquired, act done, or Mability incurred undertit prior to that, date, and except as regards the-Port Sanitary Authority of London.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to provide for the better application- and management of the Parochial Charities of the City' of London.

[20th August' 1883.]

WHEREAS ,i% is, desirable, to make provision for the better * " application and management of the parochial charities of the City of Londouit'V*;

Be it therefore enscted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the1 advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

112

Short title.

Appointment of Commis-

16 & 17 Vict. c. 137.

Appointment of additional Charity Commissioners.

Duration of powers of Commissioners.

Commissioners to inquire into the charity

Ch. 86. City of London Parochial Charities Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the City of London Parochial Charities Act, 1883.

I. — Appointment and Powers of Commissioners.

2. The Charity Commissioners for England and Wales (hereinafter called the Commissioners) shall be Commissioners under this Act and have the following powers for the purposes thereof, viz.: .

(1.) Power to exercise, without application, any of the powers vested in them by the Charitable Trusts Act, 1853, and the Acts amending the same:

(2.) The like power, jurisdiction, and authority to summon or order persons to give evidence, or bring, produce, or give inspection of documents, and to administer oaths, and to take affidavits and declarations, and to enforce their orders or directions, and generally all such power, jurisdiction, and authority as might be exercised by the High Court of Justice if the matters and questions referred to them had come before that Court, and in relation to the taking of oaths and the making of affidavits and declarations the proceedings before them shall deem to be judicial proceedings:

(3.) Power to determine whether any property is or is not charity property subject to the powers of tins Act.

3. Her Majesty and her successors may at any time after the passing of this Act, by warrant under Her Sign Manual, appoint any number of persons, not exceeding two, to be paid Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, who shall hold office during Her Majesty's pleasure, and their salaries shall, , unless otherwise directed by Parliament, cease to be paid after the expiration, of the period prescribed by this Act for the duration of the powers and duties vested in or imposed upon the Charity Commissioners for England^ and Wales by this Act.

Save as in this section mentioned, the additional Commissioners shall have, the same powers, and perform the same duties, and stand in all respects in the same position as the other paid Charity Commissioners, with the exception of the Chief Commissioner.

The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may allow the! Charity Commissioners to employ such number of assistant com-! missioners, clerks, architects, actuaries, surveyors, and other officers as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may think necessary, for the purpose of enabling the Charity Commissioners to perform the additional duties imposed upon them by this Act.

4. The powers of the Commissioners conferred by this Act shall continue until the end of the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven, but it shall be lawful for Her Majesty the Queen from time to time, with the advice of Her Privy Council, to continue the powers of the Commissioners for such time as Her Majesty thinks fit, but not beyond the end of the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine.

II. — Inquiry and Statement.

5. The Commissioners shall as soon as may be proceed to inquire into the nature, tenure, and value of all the property and endo^-

113

1883. City of London Pa/rochial Charities Act, 1883.- Ch. 36.

ments belonging to the charities mentioned in the Digest of Parochial property-, and Charities of the City of London, referred to in the Thirteenth Report of the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, and every of oneofecciesias-them, and every other charity the property or income of which is ^jra"d the applicable or applied to or for the benefit of any parish or part of a geaet6f char}tj parish within the City of London or of any inhabitant or inha- property, bitants thereof (herein-after called the said parochial charities), and the purposes or trusts for or upon which the same have heretofore be,en or are now held or enjoyed and to which the income thereof has been or is now applied, and shall classify the said property in two schedules. They shall place in one of such schedules all property (herein-after called " ecclesiastical charity property ") which shall be proved to their satisfaction to have been originally given to or for, or to have been duly ordered by any Act of - Parliament, judgment of a court, or other authority competent in that behalf, to be applied to or for, and to have been accordingly applied to or for any spiritual purpose which is now a legal purpose, or for the benefit of any spiritual person as such, or for the erection, maintenance, or repair of any ecclesiastical buildings, or for the maintenance of divine service therein, even although such purpose may now have failed, but the user of property for an ecclesiastical or any other purpose shall not be conclusive evidence that such property was Originally given for such a purpose, but shall be taken into account by the Commissioners in determining whether in each case such property is or is not to be deemed to have been originally given for such a purpose, provided that no property shall be deemed to be ecclesiastical which shall not have been given or applied to or for or in connexion with the Church of England. In the other of such schedules they shall place all other charity property (hereinafter called/' general charity property The Commissioners shall specify in the said schedules the objects or purposes to or for which the said property is now applied; and all vested interests'-now existing in or upon'W in anywise affecting any part 6f;:such property.

6. Where property scheduled by the Commissioners as eccle- Where pto-siastical has been mixed with property scheduled by them as general Pert>r £

Charity property, or where' ^e. ^come of any property is considered to^app^on6" by them to be partly ecclesiastical and partly general, the Commis- ecclesiastical jsioners shall determine and .state how much" of- such property or and *en*ral* ihCotne^s-asthebase may be,‘ shall be taken to be ecclesiastical, and " how ihuch of the same shall be taken to be general.

7. Np person shall beseemed to have any vested interest within As to vested the meaning of this Act if the' office which he may hold or the "t^8*8 and emolppqent which he may receive shall he one tenable or receivable * at the. pleasure ofsomp. other person or,perso'ns,but the Commi®^. sioners.shall consider;and may declare what person or persons have,

in their-; opinion, owing to the circumstances of the position of such person or persons,(Or gener^y/tpi moral grounds, any fair-orr/equitable claim to continue to receive any emolument now: received by ,him, or them oufpfany endowment.; ,

8. The Commissioners shall in such form as they may think most Commissioners convenient print and: publish a statement or successive statements

8.- Price H quiiy.

114 Ch, 86. City of London Parochial Chanties Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

containing the findings and determinations at which they shall have arrived in the course of the inquiry aforesaid.

Commissioners 9. The Commissioners shall send a copy of every such statement to send copy of governing body of every endowment affected by such state-governing ment, and also to the vestry clerk of every parish in which any bodies, &c. endowment affected by such statement is applicable, and also to the Remembrancer of the City of London.

Person claim- 10. Any person claiming any vested interest affecting any en-hterestmjt dowment mentioned in any such statement, and alleging that the recognised by Commissioners have not duly recognised such vested interest, Or Commissioners any person or persons alleging that any property which the Cotri-eristeMeof missioners have determined to be charity property within the charitable trust meaning of this Act is not charity property, but that he or they is may apply to or are entitled to the same free from any charitable trust affecting Court of samej may -within two months from the date of the publication of such statement apply to the High Court of Justice, by petition or summons at chambers, asking for a declaration that he has a vested interest affecting such endowment or that such property fe not charity property (as the case may be). The Commissioners may appear upon any such proceedings, and the' decision of the judge before whom such petition or Summons is'heard shall be final (unless special leave to appeal shall be by him given). The judge shall make a declaration in conformity with the justice of the case, and shall have power to order that the costs of the application shall be paid out of the endowment dr property in question or1 by any party to the application as he may think right.' "Whenever necessary the Commissioners shall amend their statement so as to make it conform to the judge's declaration.

III. — Schemes for better application of Charity Funds. \ to>^M>nerB bl. The Commissioners shall, as, soon as maybe after the, pub-schemes for lication of the statement or statements aforesaid, proceed to, prepay charity a scheme or schemes for the future application and management*^ property. the charity property and endowments so classified by them as herein-before directed.

Provisions to 12. In every such scheme the Commissioners shall provide ter

be inserted in the following objects; that is to say,

(a.) For the vesting in the official trustee of charity lands appointed under, the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869, of all real property and chattels real belonging to the charity or charities dealt with in the scheine, and for the vesting in the official trustees of charitable funds appointed under the l'ast-mentioned Acts of all personal property bel onging to the: charity or charities dealt with in the scheme, upon trust to hold the same real and personal property respectively as in the said Acts and herein-after provided, but subject to all quitrents, leases, tenancies, equities, reservations charges, and all 'other incumbrances and liabilities affecting the same:

(b.) For carrying over to a separate account a sum of money out of the charity property and endowments dealt with by the scheme ,tp answer and pro vide, ten the, expenses incurred by the Commissioners in carrying out this Apt:

115

1883, City of'London Parochial Charities Act, 1883. Oh; 36.

(c.) For saving the vested interest of or making due compensation to every person whom the Commissioners may have declared entitled to any vested interest which may be prejudiced by the scheme, and for making compensation to any 1 person whom the Commissioners may have considered as aforesaid to have a fair or equitable claim to any emolument taken away by the scheme.

13. In every scheme relating to the charity property or endowments belonging to or now applicable in the parishes enumerated in the First Schedule to this Act, the Commissioners shall, subject to the carrying over and to the provision for saving or making compensation herein-before contained, provide for the following objects; that is to say,

(a.) For the application of the property scheduled as ecclesiastical charity property, or any part of the income thereof, to the maintenance of the fabric and the services of the church, or to such ether of the ecclesiastical purposes to which the same is now applied as are, in the opinion of the Commissioners, still beneficial, to the inhabitants of each of the said parishes, or to any class, thereof; and, subject thereto, to such other ecclesiastical purposes within the parish to which such property and endowments belong as. the Commissioners, may think most conducive to the spiritual benefit of the inhabitants offhe said parish;

jBonH|| For the application of the property scheduled as general charity property (to such extent as the Commissioners may think desirable) to such erf the objects and purposes to or for which the same is now applied as the Commissioners may Consider proper and . legal and substantially beneficial to the .inhabitants of each of the said parishes, or to any class thereof;

- and, sttbjhet thereto, for the application of such property to any one/or more ‘of the following1 objects, eithef within the I parish; tor which, the-property belongs or in which it is now applicable,- or within- any parish which was formerly united with or formed part of such parish; or in- such maruiOT as to secure to the inhabitants of such parish, and to persons em-W ploy&hin such parish though not resident therein, the benefit of such application; that Is-to say,

11- To'the promotion and improvement of the education of the poorenrinihabitants nf -Such-parish, and other persons as aforesaid, whether by means of Exhibitions, or of technical instruction,1 or of secondary education, or of art education, Or' of evening lectures, or otherwise, as to the Commissioners may-seem good;

To the establishment and maintenance of libraries under j i such provisions; as may make . them* useful to such poorer inhabitants and other persons as aforesaid;

To thepreserving, providing, and maintaining of open spaces and recreation grounds or^drill grounds;

: -To 'th'6 > promotion and extension, ;in iSudtemanner as the Oommissionerafmay think desirable; of provident institutions and of woi'kdhg men's and women's institutes ibr the

n 2

Provisions to be inserted in schemes relating to parishes in First Schedule.

Provisions to be inserted in schemes relating to parishes in Second Schedule.

Ch.36. City of London Parochial Charities Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

benefit of such poorer inhabitants and other persons as aforesaid;

And generally to the physical, moral, and social improvement of the poorer inhabitants and other persons as aforesaid of such parishes by such means as the Commissioners may think suitable.

14. In every scheme relating to the, property or endowments belonging to or now applicable in the parishes enumerated in the Second Schedule to this Act, the Commissioners shall, Subject to the carrying over and to the provision for saving or making compensation herein-before contained, provide for the following objects; that is to say,

' (a.) For the application of the ‘ property, or any part of the income thereof, scheduled as ecclesiastical charity property, to the maintenance of the fabric and the services of the church, if any, in each parish possessed of ecclesiastical charity property applicable to such purposes or-to Such other of the ecclesiastical purposes to which the same is now applied as are, in the opinion of the Commissioners, still beneficial, and to the 1 maintenance of the fabric and monuments of any churches within the City of London of architectural or historical interest which may i not already possess sufficient funds available for that purpose; and, subject thereto; for payment to the- Ecclesiastical Commissioners of the surplus income of the saidj ecclesiastical pro-n peity, to be by them applied to .the maintenance of the fabric - of churches, or to the better, endowment of existing benefices, or to giving theological instruction to persons preparing for , holy orders, or generally to extending the benefit of clerical or spiritual ministrations in vaccoi'dance with the doctrines or

by the ministers oLthaChurch of England as < by law established

in the more populous' districts of the Metropolis:$

(&.) - For the administration and management of the property scheduled as; general charity .property by .the-New Governing Body herein-after constituted, except in cases where - the Commissioners may provide as herein-after mentioned for' the administration and management of any property by any existing body or bodies of trustees thereof:

(c.) For the application by the Said New Governing Body, or by . any such existing body or bodies -of:trustees as lastly,hereinbefore mentioned in any such case or leases as last aforesaid, of : such lastrmentioned: property (toy such extent as the Commissioners may think desirable) to such of the: objects , or purposes S to or for which the same are, now applied as the Commissioners may think proper and legal and substantially beneficial to the inhabitants of the parish in which the same is now applicable,

: or to- any class thereof, or in t such manner as to. secure to. the inhabitants? ofi the i said parishes,- and to < persons employed £ though not'resident* therein, the. benefit of any tone or more G|g| the applicatmris in this set^ibn-herein-after mentioned; and, subject therbt%for thie application by the said- N ew Governing Body of such property to any one or more of the following objects within the Metropolis in- manner to be specified by the said scheme or schemes; that is to say,

117

\City of London Parochial Charities Act, 1883. Ch. 36.

To the promoting the education of the poorer inhabitants of the Metropolis,-whether by means of exhibitions, or of technical instruction, or of secondary education, or of art education, or evening lectures, or otherwise, as to the Commissioners may seem good;

To the establishment and maintenance of' libraries, or museums, or art collections -within the Metropolis Under such provisions as may make them useful to the poorer inhabitants thereof;

To the preserving, providing, and maintaining of -open spaces and recreation grounds or drill grounds within the Metropolis;

To the promotion and extension, in such manner as the Commissioners may think desirable, of provident institutions and of working men's and women's institutes- for the benefit of the poorer classes of the Metropolis ;

To the establishment and maintenance, in such places as the Commissioners' may think suitable, of convalescent hospitals for the benefit of the poorer classes of the Metropolis ;

And generally to the improving, by the above or any other means which to the Commissioners may seem good, the physical, social, and moral condition of the poorer inhabitants of the Metropolis.

15. In any scheme relating to the property or endowments be- Sc!»emes jelat-

ldnging to Or now applicable in the parishes enumerated in the in^iretslche

First Schedule to this Act the Commissioners may, if they think dule to this

fit, prov-idetfor the Union of any existing governing bodies of two

r . i.- . . J i j. , . vide for union

or more endowments into tone new governing body for each of the of g0Terning

said parishes, or for the'creation of a new governing body or bodies bodies.

in each suehr parishj and 1 for the transfer'to such new governing

body or bodies (if created);of the control and managementof the

charity property and endowments belonging to or applicable in

such parishes.

16. In any scheme providing for the-application of the property Schemes reia-scheduled as general charity tproperty now belonging to or ap-

plicable in the parishes mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Schedule may Act, the Commissioners mhy,'if they* shall think fit, provide for the provide for payment by the sard 'NeW Governing Body of any capital or annual m^ysto* sum or-sumB of money to the trustees or'managers of any institution trustees of nowvexistifi£$t6fc which may hereafter!-exist, for any of the charit- existing insti-able purposes to or for which such general charity property ig tations-hereby made applicable;-to be applied -by such trustees or managers to Or for such purpose^ and may, in the case of any scheme relating' to an open space or: recreation ground or drill ground, provide that any lands or hereditaments ^purchased in pursuance of such scheme'shall be conveyed to and vested in the Metropolitan Board of Works-or other proper5 local authority, and that any moneys to be paid for the maintenance of such space or ground shall be paid to the said Board or other local authority (as the Case may be) in which the legal estate in such open space or ground may be vested

17. In any scheme relating to the general charity property-hbw Commissioners belonging to or applicable in th e parishes mentioned in the said bl^Moftenev

trustees.

Commissioners may retain or modify existing bodies of trustees.

Ch.36. City of London Parochial Charities Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict. |

Second Schedule, the Commissioners may (if they shall think fit) provide for the creation of a new body or. bodies of trustees, either in a defined local area in the Metropolis or for any one or more of the charitable purposes to or for which such property is hereby made applicable, or in both of these ways, and may also provide for the payment to such new body or bodies of trustees by the said New Governing Body of such capital or annual sum or sums of money as the scheme may direct, to be applied by such new body or bodies of trustees in pursuance of the scheme. Where any such scheme provides for the creation of such a new body of trustees in or for any such defined local area, the Commissioners shall, so far as conveniently may be, provide for the representation on such new body of trustees of the inhabitants of such local area.

18. Inframingany scheme relating to the general charity property now belonging to or applicable in the parishes mentioned in the said Second, Schedule, the Commissioners shall consider and declare whether it is for the public advantage that any of the property or endowments belonging to jthe charity or charities dealt wife by the scheme shall continue to be administered and managed by the body or bodies of trustees now administering and managing the same; and the. Commissioners may in any such case provide that such property or endowments shall continue to be administered and-managed by such body or bodies, and in any such case may alter the constitution of any such existing body, or bodies of trustees, and, if they shall, think fit, unite such bodies or body with any other body or. bodies of trustees so as to create a new body or f bodies of trustees for the administration, management, and application of such property and endowments , in the said parishes, or; any one or mere of them, or for the application of such property-and, endowments, or any part of them, to any one . or more of the objects, to which such property and endowmente may be applicable under the .fourteenth section of -this Act.

19. The Commissioners shall not be bound to provide in any one scheme for. all the objects aforesaid, but may make; provision-, for such objects, or any one or; more, of them, by one or by more schemes in the manner they shall judge most convenient, nor shall anything herein be, construed to; prevent the, Commissioners from providing in any such scheme or schemes for any other object which shall,upon inquiry appear to.- them, to be necessary or .desirable:for the: purposes of this Act,nor from proposing in .any scheme any such modifications and variations as to matters of detail and regulation as shall not be substantially repugnant to any of the provisions of this Act.

20. The Commissioners .shall not he bound, to . specify in any scheme-the precise objects to which or- the manner in which the general charity, property shall be applied by the New Governing

general charity Body, but they may (if they shall think, fit) specify such objects or manner with such particularity as, they may think necessary, and, may (if they shall think fit) leave the details of such application' to he subsequently settled by tfig.-New Governing Body in manner herein-after mentioned,

21. No scheme shall be so framed as to affect or shall affect any SJSSy eDx^wment |j Parfc of an endowment (as the case maybe) originally,

years old.

More schemes] than one may he made, and 'other-objects provided for.

Scheme need hot specify precise application of

119

City of London Parochial Charities Act, 1883, Ch. 36.

given to charitable uses less than fifty years before the commencement of this Act, unless the governing body of such endowment assent to the scheme.

22. In making schemes for the application of charity property or Educational endowments to educational purposes the Commissioners shall have ^rlg to as much regard to the educational interests of girls as of boys. regarded.

23. It shall not be obligatory upon the Commissioners to prepare Saving for a scheme under this Act for any endowment, or part of an endow-

ment, which is an educational endowment as defined by section five under

of the Endowed Schools Act, 1869.; 82 & 33 Vict

' e. 56. s. 5.

IV. — Procedure for approving Schemes.

24. When the Commissioners have prepared the draft of a Schemes to be scheme they shall cause it to be printed, and printed copies of it

to be sent to the governing body of every endowment to which it relates, and tov the vestry clerk of the parish in which such endowment is now applicable, and to the Remembrancer of the City of London, and shall also cause the draft, or a proper abstract of it, to be published and circulated in such manner as they think sufficient for giving information to all persons interested.

25. During.two. months after the first publication of the draft Commissioners of a scheme^ or any longer'time which they may appoint, the to^ceivesug-Commissioners shall receive any objections or suggestions made to footing them in writing respecting .suck c scheme,; and. shall duly consider schemes, the same.

26. < After-the'expiration of the two months, or such longer time Schemes to be as rtoi.the .'Commissioners may seem proper, the Commissioners shall ^?P^dand proceed'to revise the scheme, and may, if they think fit, amend the anew. same, and republish it and send, copies of' it as republished to the

persons, before, mentioned, and shall submit the .scheme for the approval of the Committee of Council on Education;

27. The Committee: of Council on Education, as soon as a scheme Approval of is'Slibmitted to them^ shall, before approving the same, cause the

scheme; to be published and circulated in such manner as they think- EducatioiTto sufficxent^for giving; information to .all: persons interested, together schemes, with: a notice stating that during one month after (the first publication of such notice the Committee of Councils on Education will receive :any: ol^eqtioiisorr^uggestaons/ made tou them .in' writing re^peifetiig'- such schBme::; rAfterlthe 'expiration of the said month the Committee of Council';on Education. ihay,-W: they think fit,-apprOve the scheme; or may remit'the scheme, with such declaration as the nature of> the case seems to them- t<>..require, do. the Commissioners'.

The Committee of Council on Education as soon as they approve a scheme shall forthwith cause the jscheme'sp/approved to be published iand circulated in suck [manner as they think sufficient for giving information' to all .persons; interested, together with a notice stating that unless witlfinitwo montha after the publication of the ^cheipe when approved a petition is presented. tdi thfc Committee of Council on..Education, such scheme, may be 'approved by Her Majesty without being laid before Parliament.

. During the said two: months a petition praying'that the scheme may be. laid before Parliament1 .may be presented to the Committee

120

Ch. 36. City of London Parochial Charities Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict-,:$

of Council on Education by the governing body of any endowment -to which the scheme relates, or by not less than twenty inhabitant I ratepayers of the parish in which the endowment is now applicable..: Petitions may 28. Any person conceiving himself aggrieved by any provision HerMa^t*1 in a scheme> on the ground of its not making due compensation Council in J for any vested interest to which he has been declared entitled as certain cases, aforesaid, may, within two months from the publication of such scheme when approved as aforesaid, petition Her Majesty in Council stating the grounds of the petition and praying Her Majesty to withhold her approval from the whole or any part Of the scheme. Her Majesty may refer any such petition for the consideration and advice of three members at the least of Her Privy Council, of .whom one shall be a member of the Judicial Committee, and such three members may, if they think fit, admit counsel to be heard in support of and against the petition, and shall have the same power with.respect to the costs of all parties to the petition as the High Court of Justice would have if the petition were a proceeding therein for obtaining a scheme. Any petition not proceeded with in accordance with the regulations made with respect to petitions presented , to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council shall be deemed to be withdrawn.

It shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in- Council to declare that no cause has been shown why she should withhold her approval from the said scheme or to remit it. to the Commissioners with such declaration as the nature of the case may require. vkiTaBhem 29. Where a. scheme >,is remitted with a declaration the Cem-is remitted ,me miseioners may either proceed to prepare another scheme in thee matter in the same manner as if. no scheme had been previously prepared, or may submit for the approval of the Committee of Council on Education such amendments in the scheme as will; bring it into conformity with the declaration.

The Committee may, if they think.fit,. approve the schefiie .with such amendments, and the same shall be published and circulated' in the same manner and subject to the same right of petition to Her Majesty in Council as is before directed in the case of the approval of a scheme, and so on from time to time as often as occasion may require.

Laying of 30. If within the said two months from the publication of the scheme, when approved as aforesaid, no petition praying that the Her Majesty in scheme be laid, before Parliament has been presented.in pursuance Council. of this Act toj the Committee of Council on- Education, it shall be

lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to declare her approbation of such scheme without the same being laid before Parliament.

If any petition praying that the scheme be; laid before Parliament has been presented, but no petition to Her Majesty in Council is presented, then the scheme shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament after the expiration of the time for the presentation of a petition to Her Majesty in Council.' If a petition is presented to Her Majesty in Council against the scheme, as well as a petition praying that the scheme be laid before Parliament, then the scheme shall be laid before Parliament after any later date at which the petition is withdrawn or Her Majesty in Council has declared as

121

1883. City of London Parochial Charities Act, 1883. Ch. 36.

aforesaid that no cause has been shown why she should withhold her approval from the Scheme. If Parliament be then sitting the scheme shall be so laid before it forthwith. If Parliament be not then sitting, the scheme shall be so laid within three weeks after the beginning of the next ensuing session of Parliament; and if such scheme has lain before Parliament for not less than two months during the same session, then, unless an Address has been presented within such two months by one Or other of the Houses of Parliament praying Her Majesty to withhold her consent from such scheme or any part thereof, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to declare -her approbation of such scheme or any part thereof to which such Address does not relate.

31. Where a scheme relates to an endowment or endowments Exception as to which or each 'of which (as the case may be) during the three schm^for^ years preceding the commencement of this Act has had an average ^foTioo). annual' gross income of not more than one hundred pounds, no

petition shall be presented to Her Majesty in Council with reference to* 'shch scheine so far' as it relates to any such endowment or endowments. The statement'of the Commissioners shall be conclusive evidence for the purpose of this section of the income of an endowment.

32. If any scheme, or any part thereof,- is not approved by Her New scheme on Majesty, the Commissioners may thereupon proceed to prepare non-approval another sbheme in the matter, and So bn from time to time as often of8ehein«-

as occasion may require.

33. Scheiiies may be from time to time framed and approved Tor Amendment of ambnding any scheine approved under this Act, and all the pro- schemes, visions Of this Act relative to an original scheme shall apply also

to an amending scheme, mutatis mutandis.

V. — Supplemental Provisions.

34. No scheme shall of itself have- any operation, but the same, schemes, when when and as approved by Her Majesty in Council, Shall,'from the to take effect, date specified in-.the scheme, or if no date is specified then from

the date of; the Order in Council, have full operation and effect in: the same manner as if it had been enacted in this Act.

Where a scheme shall have been so framed as to make it necessary that any further acts should be done- in order to carry out the arrangements prescribed -by such scheme, the Commissioners shall have power, immediately after the making bf such Order in Council,

to‘do; and execute,-or cause to be done and executed,' all such acts and deeds, and all Such conveyances and assurances in the law whatsoever, as may in their judgment be .necessary for carrying out the provisions of the scheme approved by such order, and for securing the application of the property dealt with bysuch scheme to the purposes to which such, scheme may direct it to be applied

35. Upon a scheme coming into operation every Act of Par- Effect of liament, letters patent, statute, deed,'instrument, trust, or direction scheme, relating to the subject matter of the scheme, and expressed by such scheme to be repealed and abrogated, shall, by virtue of the scheme,

and of .this Act, be repealed and abrogated from the date in that behalf specified, or if no date is specified, from the date of- the scheme coming into operation, and all property purporting to be

Evidence of scheme.

Quorum of Commissioners.

Extension of 16 ft 17 Vict. c. 137.8.11. and 18 ft 19 Vict. c. 124. ss. 6-9. to

Cm 36. Oily of London Parochial Charities Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

transferred by such scheme shall, without any other conveyance or act in the law (so far as may be), vest in the transferees, and so far as it cannot he so vested shall be held in trust for the transferees.

36. The Order in Council approving a scheme shall be conclusive evidence that such scheme was within the scope of and made in conformity with this Act, and the validity of such scheme and order shall not he questioned in any legal proceedings whatever.

37. A scheme of the Commissioners shall not be submitted to the Committee of Council on Education unless it has been approved at a meeting of the Commissioners at which there are present not less than three Commissioners, but in all other respects one Commissioner may act under this Act.

38. Section eleven of the Charitable Trusts Act, 1853 (which relates to the production of documents by public officers), and sections six, seven, eight, and nine of the Charitable Trusts Act, 1855 (which relate to evidence and the attendance and exami-

Ass1stant°Com na^on of witnesses) shall extend to the Assistant Commissioners missioners. under this Act, as if they were the inspectors mentioned in those sections.

Commissioners 39. Whenever it shall appear to the Commissioners that any to dhectMde^f Par^ of charity property and endowments subject to the procharity provisions of this Act, may with advantage be sold and realised, they perty and may direct such property to be sold upon such terms and conditions invest proceeds, £0 gQgh purchasers as they may think fit, and the trustee or_

trustees for the time being of such property shall effect such sale,

: which shall require no further sanction than the order of the Commissioners under their seal directing Hie same, and the proceeds of every "such sale shall be paid to the official trustees of charitable funds and invested in their names in Government or parliamentary securities.

40. During the continuance of the power of making schemes under this Act, no court or judge shall, with respect to any charity property Or endowment which can be dealt with by a scheme under, this Act, make any scheme or appoint any new'trustees without* the consent of the Commissioners.

41. Every interest, right, privilege, or preference, or increased interest, right, privilege, or preferdnee, which any person may acquire

Act^o^e^ ° after the passing of this: Act in or relative to any charity or endow-.

ment which can be dealt with by a scheme under this Act, or in the governing body thereof, or as member of any such governing body, or in or relative to any office, place, employment, pension, compensation, allowance, or emolument in the gift of any such governing body or paid out of the fiinds of any such charity or endowment, shall be subject to the provisions of any scheme made under this Act; and the governing body of any such charity or endowment shall not, during the continuance of the power of making schemes under this Act, begin to build, rebuild, alter, or enlarge any buildings connected therewith, except with the written consent of the Commissioners or under the directions of such a scheme; and no moneys arising from any such charity or endowment shall after the passing of this Act be applied to the payment of any poor rate or other rate or public charge whatsoever, or to the payment to any parish official of any

Temporary restriction of powers of Charity Commissioners, coart, &c.

Persons ac-

subject to schemes.

Wlty 6f London Parochial Charities Act, 1883. Ch. 36.; 123i

salary or remuneration, except so far as he may be entitled to receive the same in respect of duties actually performed in. connexion with the services of the church, or of services actually rendered in or about the management of any parochial charity, or of duties actually performed in connexion with public worship in the church of the parish.

42. Notices and documents required to be served on or sent to Service of a governing body or vestry clerk for the purposes of this Act may notices* be served or sent by being left at the office, if any, of such governing

body or vestry clerk, or being served on or sent to the chairman,

secretary, clerk, or other officer of such governing body, or if there

is no office, chairman, secretary, clerk, or other officer, or none

known to the Commissioners (after reasonable inquiry), by being

publicly advertised in such newspapers as the Commissioners shall

think fit, or by being served upon such person or persons and in ,

such manner as the Commissioners shall in their discretion think

best calculated to give proper notice to the persons concerned with

the management of the endowment dealt with by the scheme.

43. Notices and documents required to be served or sent for the service by, purposes of - this Act may be served or sent by post, and shall be post, deemed to be served and received at the time When the letter containing the same would be delivered in the ordinary course of

the post; and in proving such service or sending it shall be sufficient to prove that the--letter-containing the notices ot documents was properly addressed !and put into the post office.

44. The salaries paid and expenses incurred in carrying into Expenses of effect thie Act shall in the first instance be defrayed out of moneys carrying out to be provided "by Parliament, but shall be ultimately repaid to Act*

the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury out Of the sums carried over to a separate account as herein-before directed: The Comhiis- * sioners shall determine, by orders under their seal, in what proportions such salaries and expenses are to fall upon the several sttms'SO carried over under; each schehife, having regard to the respective ' values of the endowments dealt with by such schemes respectively.

If there shall be any surplus-of Hie sums so carried over as aforesaid under each such-scheme after making such repayment, such surplus shall form part of the- endowments the application whereof is prescribed by each-such1 schfeme.-- If there, shall be; any deficiency, such deficiency shad. b6,made,dp to the Commissioners*5*# HCr'

Majesty's Treasury by the- New Governing Body herein-after constituted; out of the-funds undfer their management and control.

45. AH requisitions and.-directions made by the Commissioners'Requisitions,

under the authority of this "Act shall be made by the order of the: w be

Commissioners Under theirseal.3"' " 7r ' "iUnderseaI'

46. All orders made by the Commissioners shall be enforceable Orders to be

by the same-means and be;subject to the same provisions as orictem'g^*® of the Board of Charity Commissioners under the Charitable Trusts Trusts*Aots Acts, 485B-Vl'869i : ;

47. ' The Report' bf %He Commissionem'rnade under Section.sixty Commissioners of the Charitable Trusts-Act, 1-!853, shall describe thdproceeding&of repo^to8^0*1 the#lommissioners under this- Act during the yeat , preceding the laid before thirty-first day of December then last past, and' there shall be Parliament, annexed to such report copies of the schemes approved by Her1

124.

Ch. 36. (My of London Parochial Vharities Act, 1383. 46 & 47 Vict/

Majesty in Council under this Act during such year, and of any orders made by the .Commissioners during such year under the forty-fourth section of this Act.

VI. — New Governing Body.

Establishment 48. There shall be established a New Governing Body under bgBo^for11 this Act, which shall be called " The Trustees of the London Baro-management of chial Charities," and shall be a body corporate, with perpetual charity funds, succession and a common seal. Such New: Governing Body shall administer the property herein-before directed to be placed by schemes to be framed by the Commissioners under its administration and management, and shall consist of twenty-one persons,.of; whom five shall be nominated by the Crown, four by the Corppra-tion of the City of London, and the remainder (four of whom.: shall, in the first instance, be chosen from among the persons who are now trustees of the Parochial Charities of the City of London) in, such manner or by such persons , or- bodies as the Commissioners shall by scheme provide, regard being had by them to the interests of the various classes of the; community who are or may hereafter be interested ink the charity property to be administered by such New Governing Body.

Each member shall hold office for six years, but shall be re-eligible.

Every member who shall not have attended a meeting for the period of two years shall vacate his office, but shall be re-eligible. Commissioners 49. The, Commissioners shall by a scheme,make regulations prescribing the time and manner of the nominating or electing of the nation of members of the New Governing Body and regarding the vacating members of of their office by a certain number of the first members thereof, so body^&lf 83 Proyide that some,of them shall, vacate thpir.,office at .the end

of two, others at the end of four, and the rest at the , end of six years, and with respect tp the filling UP of vacancies arising from; death or resignation, and generally with respect to the constitution of the New Governing Body, and the conduct by it of its business,-and the making by it. of regulations or byelaws, whether varying, or merely subsidiary to, the rules and regulations made by the Commissioners. The Commissioners shall also fix the date upon which the functions and powers of the New Governing Body shall commence.

50. In all, schemes framed under this Act affecting general charity property which is. not expressly limited, by the deed jj of foundation, to spiritual purposes of any religious: denomination no preference shall be shown to any person on account of membership of any church, nor shall Conformity to any church be made the condition of enjoying any benefits, nor shall it be made a condition in appointing a master or mistress to any school founded or reformed under this Act, that he or she shall be a .member of any church, nor shall endowments under this Act be-.attached to any institution, admission to which, or to the governing body of which, is limited to the members of any denomination.

CoStLr£Parlia 5L The Commissioners shall ascertain what costs, charges, and proceedings to exP®Mes have been reasonably incurred by the existing trustees of be determined the City Parochial Charities, or any of them, in relation to this Act,

Schemes to contain no preference for any religious denomination.

City of London Parochial Charities Act, 1883. Ch. 36.

125

or the Bills of similar name in the sessions of 1881 and 1882, and by Commis-sTmll direct the New Governing Body to pay to such trustees, or S10ner8, any two of them, to be chosen for that purpose I by the Commissioners the amount of the costs, charges, and expenses so incurred as aforesaid out of the first moneys which shall come to their hands or be placed at the disposal of the said Governing Body.

52. Nothing in this Act shall apply to any endowment or part Saving for of any endowment which, or the income whereof, is applicable, or

is applied for the benefit of children maintained or educated by the pitai. Governors of Christ's Hospital, in the City of London, and presented thereto by any parochial authority in the City of London or otherwise.

53. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires — Interpretation The term f Metropolis " means the places for the time being of terms.

constituting the Metropolitan Police District, together with the City of London and the liberties thereof:

The term " governing body S means any body corporate, persons,

Or person, who hold or holds, or who have or has any power ' ofcontrolor management'Over, any charity property or endowment dealt with by this Act:

The term " endowment " means every description of property, real, pers'onhVOr mixed, which is dedicated to any such charitable uses as are referred, to in this Act, in whomsoever such property may be vested and in whosesoever name it may be standing, and whether such property is * in possession or reversion, br a thing in action:

The term " Committee of Council on Education " means the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council on Education:

The term "person" includes any body of persons, whether corporate or uhincorpdrate. "

54. This Aet/ so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, shall -A®110 be fee construed together with the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to gethe^th°

1869.

Charitable Trusts Acts.

SCHEDULES.

The FIRST SCHEDULE.

Saint Andrew, Holborn. Saint Botolph, Aldgate. Saint Botolph, Bishepsgate.-

Saint Bride, Fleet Street. Saint Giles, Cripplegate.

Sections 13,15.

The SECOND SCHEDULE.

Allhallows, Barking.

Allhallows, Bread Street. ( Allhallows the' Great.

Allhallows the Less.

Allhallows, Honey-Lane, Allhallows, Lombard Street, ... Allhallows, London Wall. Allhallows, Staining.

Christ Church, Newgate Street Saint Alban, Wood Street.

Saint Alphage, London Wall. Sections 14,16, Saint Andrew by the Wardrobe. 17-Saint Andrew Hubbard.

Saint Andrew Undershaft.

Saint Anne and Saint Agnes.

Saint Anne, Blackfriars.

Saint Ahtholin,

Saint Augustine.

Saint Bartholomew the Great.

Saint Bartholomew the Less.

126

Saint Bartholomew, Exchange.

Saint Bartholomew, Moor Lane.

Saint Bene't, Fink.

Saint Bene't, Gracechurch.

Saint Bene't, Paul's Wharf.

Saint Bene't, Sherehog.

Saint Botolph, Aldersgate.

Saint Botolph, Billingsgate.

Saint Botolph, Glasshouse Yard. Saint Christopher le Stocks.

Saint Clement, Eastcheap.

Saint Dionis, Backchurch.

Saint Dunstan in the East.

Saint Dunstan in the West.

Saint Edmund the King and Martyr. Saint Ethelburga.

Saint Faith under Saint Paul's.

Saint Gabriel, Fenchurch.

Saint George, Botolph Lane.

Saint Gregory by Saint Paul.

Saint Helen, Bishopsgate.

Saint James, Garlickhythe.

Saint James within Aldgate.

Saint John the Baptist, upon Wal-brook.

Saint John the Evangelist.

Saint John Zachary.

Saint Katherine Coleman.

Saint Katherine Cree.

Saint Lawrence, Jewry.

Saint Lawrence, Pountney.

Saint Leonard, East Cheap.

Saint Leonard, Foster Lane.

Saint Magnus the Martyr.

Saint Margaret Moyses.

Saint Margaret, Lothbury.

Saint Margaret, New Fish Street. Saint Margaret Pattens.

Saint Martin, Ludgate.

Saint Martin, Orgars.

Saint Martin, Outwich.

Saint Martin, Pomeroy.

Saint Martin, Vintry.

Saint Mary, Abchurch.

Saint Mary, Aldermanbury.

Saint Mary, Aldermary.

Saint Mary-at-Hill.

Saint Mary, Bothaw.

Saint Mary, Colechurch.

Saint Mary-le- Bow.

Saint Mary Magdalen, Milk Street. Saint Mary Magdalen, Old Fish Street.

Saint Mary, Mounthaw.

Saint Mary, Somerset.

Saint Mary, Staining.

Saint Mary, Woolchurch Haw. Saint Mary, Woolnoth.

Saint Matthew, Friday Street. Saint Michael, Basishaw.

Saint Michael, Cornhill.

Saint Michael, Crooked Lane. Saint Michael-le-Querne.

Saint Michael, Paternoster Royal. Saint Michael, Queenhithe. -Saint Michael, Wood Street.

Saint Mildred, Bread Street.

Saint Mildred the Virgin, Poultry. Saint Nicholas, Aeons.

Saint Nicholas, Coleabbey.

Saint Nicholas, Olave.

Saint Olave, Hart Street, with Saint Nicholas in the Shambles. Saint Olave, Old Jewry.

Saint Olave, Silver Street.

Saint Pancras, Soper Lane.

Saint Peter, Cornhill.

Saint Peter-le-Poer.

Saint Peter, Paul's Wharf.

Saint Peter, West Cheap.

Saint Sepulchre.

Saint Stephen, Coleman Street. Saint Stephen, Walbrook.

Saint Swithin, London Stone.

Saint Thomas Apostle.

Saint Thomas in the Rolls.

Saint Vedast, Foster.

Holy Trinity the Less.

Holy Tiinity, Minories.

Holy Trinity, Gough Square.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, and to make provision with respect to the support of public sewers and sewage works in mining districts.

[25th August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1883. Public Health Act, 1875, (Support of Sewers?) Amendt. Ch. 37. 127

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health Act, 1875, (Sup- Short title and port of Sewers,) Amendment Act, 1883, and shall be construed as construction-one with the Public Health Act, 1875, (in this Act called the Principal Act,) as amended by the Acts for the time being in force amending the same.

2. In this Act, — Interpretation.

The expression " sanitary work " means any existing or future

building or work constructed by or vested in or under the control of a local authority under the powers or for the purposes of so much of the Principal Act or of any General or Local Act or Provisional Order as relates to the construction or maintenance of any works of sewerage, drainage, sewage disposal, lighting, or water supply, and includes any fixtures, pipes, fittings, or apparatus connected with any such work, and belonging to or used by the local authority:

The expression " support " includes vertical and lateral support:

The expression " Sanitary Act " means the Act or Provisional Order under the authority of which a sanitary work has been or is constructed or is maintained, whether such Act or Order was passed and confirmed before or after the commencement of this Act:

The expression " person " includes a body corporate.

3. The provisions of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, sections Application of eighteen to twenty-seven (both inclusive),-with respect to mines, ^wTr°f shall, in relation to any sanitary work of a local authority, be works Clauses deemed to be incorporated with this Act and with the Sanitary Act, 1847,

Act under the authority of which such sanitaxy work has been or *°17 ^ith‘ct' is constructed or is maintained, with the following modifications respect to (that is to say) : — mines, to sani-

(1.) For the purposes of such incorporation the said provisions ov«-mines, of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, shall be construed as if the expression " the undertakers " referred to the local authority, and as if the expression " the Special Act " referred to such Sanitary Act and this Act, and as if expressions relating to pipes, conduits, or other works referred to the sanitary work:

(2.) The local authority, by or with any notice under the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, of willingness to treat for or make compensation, or of intention to prevent or interfere with the working of any mines, may specify and define the nature and extent of support which they require to be left, and any such notice may extend to minerals beyond the distance of forty yards mentioned in the said Act or to such less distance as the local authority think fit:

(3.) As regards sanitary works existing at the passing of this Act the local authority shall cause the survey and map referred to in section nineteen of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, to be made within twelve months after the passing of this Act:

(4.) The amount of any compensation in respect of support for a sanitary work payable by a local authority under the provisions of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, as incorporated with this Act or the Sanitary Act, together with the costs of and incident to settling the same by arbitration or otherwise, shall be paid, charged, and borne in the same manner, and subject to the

Limitation of right to support for sanitary works over mines.

Savings.

same powers and provisions as to borrowing and otherwise, as is provided with respect to the expenses of the construction or maintenance of the sanitary work by the Sanitary Act:

(5.) A local authority may from time to time make agreements with the owners, lessees, or occupiers of or the persons working any mine for compromising any claim made or to be made in respect of anything done or omitted before the passing of this Act in relation to the matters in this Act mentioned or otherwise for carrying into effect the purposes of this Act in relation to the past or future working of mines.

The provisions of this Act shall apply to every sanitary work as defined in this Act, whether the land on, in, over, or under which such work is situate is or is not vested in or occupied by the local authority, and is or is not wholly or partially dedicated to the public as a street, highway, or public place.

4. Except as in this Act provided, a local authority shall not by reason only of anything contained in the Sanitary Act under the authority of which a sanitary work has been or is constructed or maintained be deemed to have acquired or to be entitled to or to be bound to acquire or make compensation for any i*ight of support for such sanitary work as against any person owning or working or being lessee or occupier of or entitled to work or otherwise interested in any mine; and nothing in such Sanitary Act shall be deemed to have subjected or to subject any such person to any liability to the local authority in respect of damage to a sanitary work caused in or consequent upon the working of any mines in a reasonable and proper manner.

5. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to repeal, invalidate, or affect any express enactment in a Sanitary or other Act with respect to rights of support for sanitary works, or any agreement made before the passing of this Act with respect to such rights, or to affect any action, arbitration, or other legal proceedings concluded before or pending at the passing of this Act.

Where any right of support has been acquired before the passing of this Act by a local authority in respect of any sanitary work, and no compensation is at the passing of this Act recoverable in respect of such right, nothing in this Act shall be construed to apply to the work in respect of which such right has been acquired, or operate to deprive the local authority of such right or to entitle any person to any compensation in respect thereof, to which such person would not have been entitled if this Act had not been passed.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Trial and Custody of Insane Persons charged with offences.

[25th August 1883.]

15 E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and J with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

129

1. This Act may be cited as the Trial of Lunatics Act, 1883. Short title.

2. (1.) Where in any indictment or information any act or omis- Special verdict sion is charged against any person as an offence, and it is given in evidence on the trial of such person for that offence that he was but insane at insane, so as not to be responsible, according to law, for his actions Jat.e act or at the time when the act was done or omission made, then, if it °^arge^ aD(1 appears to the jury before whom such person is tried that he did orders there-the act or made the omission charged, but was insane as aforesaid upon-

at the time when he did or made the same, the jury shall return a special verdict to the effect that the accused was guilty of the act or omission charged against him, but was insane as aforesaid at the time when he did the act or made the omission.

(2.) Where such special verdict is found, the Court shall order the accused to be kept in custody as a criminal lunatic, in such place and in such manner as the Court shall direct till Her Majesty's pleasure shall be known; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty thereupon, and from time to time, to give such order for the safe custody of the said person during pleasure, in such place and in such manner as to Her Majesty may seem fit.

(3.) In all such cases any two justices of the peace of the county, city, or place where such person shall have been tried, or shall be kept in custody, shall have the like power as is given by the Act of the third and fourth years of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-four, in the cases therein mentioned, to inquire into and ascertain the last legal settlement of such person, and also to make the like order or orders for the payment of such person's maintenance and other charges as therein mentioned.

(4.) All provisions in any existing Act or in any rules or orders made in pursuance of any existing Act, having reference to a person or persons acquitted on the ground of insanity, shall apply to a person or persons in respect of whom a special verdict is found under this Act.

3. (1.) This Act shall extend to Ireland with the following Extent of Act modifications, that is to say, the words "the Lord Lieutenant"

shall be substituted for " Her Majesty," and the words " the pleasure " of the Lord Lieutenant " for " Her Majesty's pleasure,"

(2.) This Act shall not extend to Scotland!

4. (1.) The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act are Repeal, hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column thereof,

but this repeal shall not affect any order made or thing done in pursuance of any enactment so repealed: and any such order may be carried into effect, revoked, or varied, as if made under this.

Act.

(2.) Any unrepealed enactment referring to any enactment hereby repealed, shall be construed to apply to the corresponding provisions of this Act.

j.3q Ch. 88,39. Trial of\Lunatic8 Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal. '

39 & 40 Geo. 3. 0.94. An Act for the safe custody of insane persona charged with offences. Section one.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 33. - An Act to make more effectual provision for the establishment of asylums for the lunatic poor, and for the oustody of insane persons charged with offences in Ireland. Section sixteen, .

3 & 4 Vict. 0.54. - An Act for making further pro-y Vision' for the confinement and maintenance of insane prisoners. Section three. 1

CHAPTER 39.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

[25th August 1883.]

WHEREAS, with a view to the revision of the Statute Law, and particularly to the continuation of the Revised Edition of the Statutes, it is expedient that certain enactments (mentioned in the schedule to this Act) which may be: regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express and specific repeal by Parliament, or have, by lapse of time or otherwise, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: schedule11*8 1D. enactments described in the schedule to this Act are

repealed. hereby repealed, subject to the exceptions and qualifications ip.- the . schedule mentioned:

Provided that where any enactment not comprised in the schedule has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, $r perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Acti and the repeal by this Act of any enactment or schedule shall pot affect any enactment in which.such enactment or schedule has h$en applied, incorporated, or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to , any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon, or prevent any such enactment from being "put in force for the. collection of any such revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered, — or any Aviating

131

\StaMte Law Revision Act, 1883. Ch. 30.

status or capacity, — or any right, title, obligation, or liability already acquired, accrued, or incurred, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, — or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, obligation, liability, claim, or demand, — or any indemnity, — or the proof of any past act dr thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, Qr procedure, or existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, emolument, or benefit, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extenfl to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force-in any part of Her Majesty's Dominions put of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

2. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision Act, 1883. Short title..

S.CHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive. of the words, section, or other part, first or last mentioned, or .otherwise referred to as forming the beginning, or aa forming the end, of the portion comprised in the description, or citation.

VICTORIA.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 1.

c. 4.

c. 5.

c. 6.

e. 8.

o. IQ. in part.

An Act to apply certain Sums onfc of the Consolidated Fund to the-Service of the years ending the Thirty-first Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight. One thousand eight; -hundred and sixty-nine, and One thousand eight hundred and seventy.

An Act for punishing; Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better : payinetit of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the: Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces* while on Shore.

An Act to repeal so muchjof the Regulation of Railways Act, 1868, as relates to the approval, by Meetings of incorporated Railway Companies of Bills and Certificates for conferring further powers- On those Companies^,.

An Act.to apply the.Supi of Seventeen million one hundred thousand Pounds .out of the iOotwolida^ Rund fo the Service of the Tear ending the thirty-first day of March, One thousand eight hundred.

. and seventy.

An Act for authorising the Removal of"]

Prisoners from OnC Cplony to another for. >in part; namely, — the purposes of Punishment - - J

Sections Three and Eight.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

J2 & 33 Vict. — cont.

c. 11. in part.

c. 14. in part.

c. 15. in part.

c. 16.

c. 18. in part.

c. 19. in part.

c. 20. c. 22.

c. 24. in part.

c. 27. in part.

c. 29.

c. 33. in part.

c. 34. in part.

An Act for amending the Law relating to 1

the Coasting Trade and Merchant Ship- > in part; namely, — . ping in British Possessions - - Section Five.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs'!

and Inland Revenue and to repeal and I . , .

alter other Duties of Customs and Inland fin Par ' name y> Revenue - J

Sections One to Fourteen, Sixteen, Seventeen, and Thirty-four - to Thirty-nine.

Schedules (A.) to (E.).

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Qualifi- "j

cation of Persons holding Civil Service ! . , ,

Pensions, or receiving Superannuation f m Pa 11 me Allowances, to sit in Parliament - - J

Section Two from " or of " to end of that section.

An Act to amend so much of the Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, chapter Thirty-five, as provides that Norfolk Island is to be part of the Diocese of Tasmania.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to amend the Lands Clauses Consoli-1 .

datum Act - _} m part; namely,-

Section Two.

An Act for amending the Law relating to')

Mining Partnerships within the Stannaries I .

of Devon and Cornwall, and to the Court j in Par of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries - J

Section Thirty-nine to " be it enacted, that ".

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Statutes made by the Convocation of the University of Oxford.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two million three hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March, One thousand eight hundred and seventy.

An Act to repeal certain Enactments relating!

to Newspapers, Pamphlets, and other Pub- I .

lications, and to Printers, Typefounders, fm Part; and Reading Rooms - J

Section One from " and this " to end of that section.

An Act to amend the Law for licensing Beer- ~|

houses, and to make certain Alterations I . . _ . __

with respect to the Sale by retail of Beer, f m Par * uame 99 Cider, and Wine - -J

Sections Ten and Twenty-one.

The Second Schedule.

An Act to render valid certain Title Deeds for Inam Lands.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to provide for the Collection of'

Judicial Statistics in Scotland Section-Six.

An Act to amend the Law concerning the"]

Appointment of Deputies by Stipendiary >in part; namely, — Magistrates - - J

Section One.

namely, —

| in part; namely, —

133

32 & 33 Vict. — cont. c. 37. An Act to authorise the Appointment of District Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to provide for the better Despatch of Business therein.

c. 39. An Act to make provision for the better Government and Administration of Hospitals and other endowed Institutions in Scotland.

c. 41. in part. An Act for amending the Law with respect! to the Rating of Occupiers for short terms, 1 . . , and the making and collecting of the Poor's fm par ' name7> Rate - J Section Sixteen from " and the twelfth " to the end of that section.

c. 43. in part. An Act to provide for the Payment of Diplo- \, . . , _ matic Salaries, Allowances, and Pensions J , Section Four, the first paragraph.

c. 44. in part. An Act to make better Provision respecting "J Greenwich Hospital, and the Application >in part; namely, — of the Revenues thereof - J Sections Two, Ten, and Twelve. The ^Schedule.

c. 45. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Re- ] . . payment of Loans to Poor Law Unions - ) m Part 5 namel*~ Section Six to " thenceforth " and from " (Seal of the Poor

c. 47. in part. Law Board) " to " eight hundred and ". An Act to provide for the Discharge of! the Duties heretofore performed by High 1. . lv _ Constables, and for the Abolition of such | Office, with certain exceptions - - J Section Six.

c. 53. in part. c. 54. in part. An Act to amend the Cinque Ports Act - in part; namely, — Sections Two, Three, and Five. An Act to amend the Act of the first and! second years of Victoria, chapter Fifty-six, 1 . . , intituled "An Act for the more effectual fm Parfc; namel7>~ Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland " - J Section One from " or if " to " prosecuted ". Sections Two and Four.

c. 58. in part. An Act for amending the Public Schools! . , , Act, 1868 - - / m Part 5 namely> The Preamble. Section One.

c. 59. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the! Investments for Saving Banks and Post > in part; namely, — Office Savings Banks - Section Two from " from time " to " such annuities ". Sections Three and Eight. The Schedules.

c. 62. in part. An Act for the Abolition of Imprisonment! for Debt, for the Punishment of Fraudu- >in part; namely, — lent Debtors, and for other purposes - Section Seven.

c. 63. in part. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Poor! . . , Act, 1867 - .part; namely,- Section One from " and so much " to " repealed Section Five from " and the seventeenth " to end of that section. Section Eight from " but this " to end of that section. Section Nine to " repealed, and ". Sections Ten and Twenty.

32 & 33 Vict. — cont. c. 65. An Act for appointing Commissioners to Inquire into the Existence of Corrupt Practices amongst the Freemen Electors of the City of Dublin.

c. 67. in part. An Act to provide for Uniformity in the"J Assessment of Rateable Property in the >in part; namely, — Metropolis - - Section Seventy-seven to " to this Act and ", the word " other " (where it next occurs), the proviso, and the Fifth Schedule except as to the repeal of so much of any Act as applies the provisions thereby repealed of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 102.

c. 68. in part. An Act for the further Amendment of the 1 . . , Law of Evidence - - _jin part; namely,- Section One.

c. 71. in part. An Act to Consolidate and Amend the Law 1 . , . , of Bankruptcy - . } m part; namely,- Section Sixty-one, the second paragraph. Section Sixty-eight from "whether the same" to "appropriated and ". Section One hundred and twenty-eight. Section One hundred and twenty-nine from " The Lord Chancellor may by order make" to "made by the Lord Chancellor." Section One hundred and thirty, the first paragraph. Section One hundred and thirty-two.

c. 78. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to Criminal 1 . , n Lunatics- . ... . j m part; namely, - Section Two from "and all orders" to "valid accordingly;".

c. 82. in part. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Building 1 . , , -Act, 1855 - / jin part; namely,- Section Six. The Schedule.

c. 83. in part. An Act to provide for the Winding-up of the") Business of the late Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, and to I . . , repeal Enactments relating to Insolvency, '>m Par ' name 3^ Bankruptcy, Imprisonment for Debt, and matters connected therewith Sections Eleven and Twenty. The Schedule.

e. 85. e. 90. in part. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain,) to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and to make >: — further Provisions concerning Turnpike Roads - Except Sections Seven and Eight.

c. 91. in part. An Act for amending the Law relating to the I Salaries, Expenses, and Funds of Courts >in part; namely, — of Law in England - J Section Eight, from " and all moneys " to end of that section. Section Nine. Section Twelve, so far as it relates to the Fourth Schedule. Section Thirty to " said governor and company." Section Thirty-one from " and such accounts " to end of that section. Section Thirty-three from " and for enforcing " to " under tUl£i 1 Act,". 1 Section Thirty-four,

32 & 33 Vict. c. 9!. in part — cont.

c. 92. in part.

c. 93.

c. 96. in part.

c. 97. in part.

c. 98. in part.

c. 100. in part.

c. 102. in part.

c. 103. in part.

in part; namely, —

in part; namely,-

If

in part; namely, —

The Third Schedule, Part I. the words "Lords Justices of Appeal," and Part II. the words ff gentleman of the chamber, purse bearer ", and " and messenger to Great Seal ".

The Fourth Schedule, Part I.

The Fifth Schedule.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the 1 . , ,

Fisheries of Ireland - Jin Part 5 mely,-

Schedule A. so far as it relates to 9 & 10 Vict. c. 114.

Schedule B. so far as it relates to 10 & 11 Vict. c. 75.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the service of the year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session

of Parliament. __________

An Act to amend the Contagious Diseases "1

Act, 1866 - j

Section Four from " provided that all " to end of that section. I Section Twelve. |

An Act to amend in certain respects the J Act for the better Government of India!

Section Five.

Section Eight from " which " to " meeting ". I An Act to define the Powers of the Governor 'I General of India iu Council at Meetings I for making Laws and Regulationsfor®! certain Purposes - |

Section Two.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to facilitate the borrowing Money "j in certain Cases for the purpose of the I Sanitary Act, 1866, and the Acts amending f the same; and for other purposes - J

Section Three, so far as it relates to a sewer authority and a local board.

Section Nine, the words and figures " the Local Government Act, 1858'' (where they first occur) and "the Sewage Utilization Acts, 1865, 1867".

Repealed except as to the parish of Woolwich.

An Act for making further provision res-~)

pecting the borrowing of Money by the I. . namplv_ Metropolitan Board of Works, and for r P ' *

other purposes connected therewith - J Section Twelve.

Section Sixteen, paragraph (5).

Section Eighteen.

Section Forty-six, paragraph (7).

Section Fifty.

The Third Schedule.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the")

Warehousing of Wines and Spirits inCus- I toms and Excise Warehouses, and for other S-in part; namely, — purposes relating to Customs and Inland Revenue- Sections Two to Six.

Section Seven, the words " customs or " (wherever they occur) from "For Goods" to "goods - - 0 5 0" and from "according" to end of that section.

Sections Eierlit to Sixteen.

>in part; namely, —

136

Ch. 39.

32 & 33 Vict. — cont.

c. 108.

c. 109. in part.

c. 110. in part.

c. 111.

in part.

c. 112. in part, c. 114. in part.

c. 116. in part.

c. 117.

in part.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 3.

in part.

c. 5.

c. 7.

c. 8.

c. 9.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict

An Act to amend "The Sanitary Act, 1866," so far as the saajJ relates to Ireland.

An Act the title of which begins with the'\ words, — An Act for repealing part of an Act of the first year of the Reign of their Majesties King William and Queen Mary, )vin part; namely, —

— and ends with the words, — benefices, and to the Penalties and Forfeitures con- | sequent on non-residence - -J

Section One

An Act for amending the Charitable Trusts 1 par^., namejy____

Section Sixteen from " and may direct" to " appropriated". Section Seventeen.

The Schedule.

An Act for the Relief of Archbishops and! . . . i

Bishops when incapacitated by infirmity - j Section Two, subsection (1), the proviso.

Section Fifteen.

An Act to prevent the Adulteration of Seeds - in part; namely, — Section Six from " and a warrant " to end of that section.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the "|

Abandonment of Railways and the Dis- >in part; namely, — . solution of Railway Companies -Section Ten.

An Act to amend " The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868 "

Section Two to " enacted that .

Section Three to 6 enacted that ".

Section Five to " enacted that ",

Section Six to " enacted that ".

Section Seven to " enacted that ".

Section Eight to " enacted that Section Nine to " enacted that ".

An Act to amend " The Pharmacy Act, 1868 " - in part; namely, — Sections Two and Four.

Schedule (A.).

An Act to make better provision for-) making Laws and Regulations for certain I .

parts of India, and for certain other pur- I)art 5 namel^'~ poses relating thereto - - J

Section Four.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to apply certain Sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, One thousand eight hundred and seventy, and One thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, and preceding years.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

An Act to amend " The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856," and for other purposes relating to the Preservation of Peace in Ireland.

\ in part; namely, —

137

33 & 34 Vict. — cont. c. 13. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the") Surveys of Great Britain, Ireland, and >in part; namely, — the Isle of Man - - J Section Four. Section Five from " (except " to " perpetual )" The Schedule.

c. 14. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to fhe"l legal condition of Aliens and British > in part; namely, — Subjects- - - Section Eighteen. The Schedule.

c. 15. in part. An Act to transfer to the Commissioners" of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buddings the property in and control over L namely,_ the Buildings and Property or the County ( L J Courts in England, and for other purposes J relating thereto - Section Five. The Schedule.

c. 16. in part. An Act to define the Boundary between the-] Counties of Inverness and Elgin or U namely,_ Moray, m the District ot Strathspey; f and for other purposes - J Sections Eleven, Twelve, Fifteen, and Sixteen.

e. 19. in part. An Act to amend " The Railway Companies "J Powers Act, 1864," and "The Railway >in part; namely, — Construction Facilities Act, 1864 " - J Section Two. Section Four, the third paragraph. Section Five to " repealed, and

c. 20. in part. An Act to amend " The Mortgage Deben- j . , , ture Act, 1865" - - jin Parfc> namel^" Section Three.

c. 23. in part. An Act to abolish Forfeitures for Treason-] and Felony, and to otherwise amend the >in part; namely, — Law relating thereto - J Section Thirty-one.

c. 24. in part. An Act for making further provision respect-") ing the borrowing of Money by the Metro- >in part; namely, — politan Board of Works - Section Two.

c. 27. in part. An Act for the Protection of Inventions'] exhibited at International Exhibitions in /in part; namely, — the United Kingdom - Section Four from "the Workmen's " to "fifty-one; also

c. 29. in part. An Act to amend and continue " The Wine 1 . . , and Beerhouse Act, 1869 " - - }in Part; na"*ly, — Section Four, subsection (5.) to "repealed, and". Section Sixteen.

c. 31;- An Act to apply the sum of Nine million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the Thirty-first day of March, One thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

c. 32. in part. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland I Revenue, and to repeal and alter other Duties of Cus- >: — toms and Inland Revenue - - Except Sections One, Four, and Five.

33 & 34 Vict. — cont.

c. 41.

c. 44. c. 45.

c. 46. in part.

c. 50. c. 61.

c. 52. in part.

c. 53. in part.

c. 59. in part.

c. 60. in part.

c. 61. in part.

c. 65. in part.

c. 71. in part.

c. 73. in part.

. c. 77. in part.

in part; namely,-

An Act for raising the sum of One million three hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the service of the year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

An Act to declare the Stamp Duty chargeable on certain Leases.

An Act for establishing a District Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty in England at Liverpool.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the']

Occupation and Ownership of Land in >in part; namely, — Ireland -J

Section Thirty-one.

Section Sixty-seven from " or under " to end of that section.

An Act to amend " The Shipping Dues Exemption Act, 1867."

An Act to repeal an Act intituled " An Act to alter the mode of giving Notices for the holding of Vestries, of making Proclamation in cases of Outlawry, and of giving Notices on Sundays in respect to various matters," so far as such Act relates to the Isle of Man.

An Act for amending the Law relating to the "I . , .

Extradition of Criminals - - , - j 111 Par '

Section Twenty-seven, the last paragraph.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to amend certain provisions in the 1 .

Sanitary and Sewage Utilization Acts - J Sections Three and Four.

Repealed except as to the parish of Woolwich.

An Act to render valid certain Contracts "1 . ' ,

informally executed in India - - }in Parfc 5 namel7'

Section One.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to relieve the Brokers of the City"] of London from the supervision of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City -J

Sections Three and Four.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Life 1 Assurance Companies - j

Section Eight from " on or before "

" whether such " to " to the passing of this Act section (1).

An Act to amend the Law relating to Adver-1 .

tisements respecting Stolen Goods - / m Part} namely> Section Four.

An Act for consolidating, with Amend--]

mente, certain Enactments relating to the > in part; namely, National Debt - - J

Section Twenty, the last paragraph.

The Second Schedule, Part II.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and to make further Provisions concerning Turnpike Roads Except Sections Ten to Fourteen.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the"|

Qualifications, Summoning, Attendance, ( and Remuneration of Special and Common (

Juries -J

Section Seven to " enacted, that ",

P

in part; namely, —

in part; namely, —

to " thereafter ", from and sub-

in part; namely,-

139

33 & 34 Vict. — cont. c. 79. in part. An Act for further Regulation of Duties of "j Postage, and for other purposes relating to > in part; namely, — the Post Office - - J

c. 80. c. 83. in part. Sections Four, Five, and Nine. Section Ten so far as it relates to 3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. s. 17. Sections Twelve, Thirteen, and Sixteen. Section Eighteen, the last paragraph. The First Schedule except so far as it describes the Acts firstly, secondly, and lastly therein mentioned. An Act for taking the Census of Ireland. An Act to make better Provision for the"') Police Force in the City of Londonderry, 1 . . namply — and to amend the Acts relating to the f " ' Royal Irish Constabulary Force - - Section One from " and all persons " to " accordingly ", Sections Seven, Eight, and Ten. Section Eleven to " repealed, and Section Twelve.

c. 84. c. 86. in part. An Act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868. An Act the title of which begins with the" words, — An Act to amend and extend the Act Sixteenth and Seventeenth Victoria, 1 . .; . Chapter Ninety-two, — and ends with the * ' words, — Sheriffs and Sheriffs Substitute in Scotland - Section Eleven from " to be paid " to end of that section. Section Thirteen from " and so much " to " repealed but ".

c. 90. in part. An Act to regulate the Conduct of Her''! Majesty's Subjects during the existence I. . . , _ of Hostilities between Foreign States with j " ' which Her Majesty is at peace - - Section Thirty-one. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 96. in part. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to~| the service of the year ending the Thirty-first day of 1 March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, — and to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session of | Parliament - Except Sections Six and Eight.

c. 97. in part. An Act for granting certain Stamp Duties in') lieu of Duties of the same kind now payable 1 .; , . under various Acts, and consolidating and Part namev > amending provisions relating thereto - J Sections Thirty-three to Thirty-five and Thirty-seven. The Schedule in part, namely : — The subjects of the ‘headings beginning as follows (with the duties specified in connexion therewith) : — Admission to ecclesiastical benefices, Admission and Appointment. Appointment whether by way of Donation Appointments to offices Collation Commission or Deputation Cpeacy - Deputation by the Commissioners Donation Ecclesiastical Benefice

140

Cfl. 39- Statute Law Revision Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 97. in part. — cont.

c. 98. in part.

c. 103. c. 105.

c. 107. c. 108. c. 109. in part.

c. 110. in part.

c. 111. in part.

c. 112. in part.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 3.

in part.

c. 5.

> in part; namely, —

Institution Perpetual Curacy Presentation

the words " under the authority of any Act of Parliamentn in Exemption (7) under heading beginning " Bill of Exchange of any other kind." and paragraph (1) under heading beginning Letter or Power of Attorney.

An Act for consolidating and amending the ~|

Law relating to the Management of Stamp >in part; namely, — Duties - J

Section Fourteen, sub-section (5.), paragraph (a).

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

An Act for appointing a Commission to inquire into the alleged prevalence of the Truck System, and the disregard of the Acts of Parliament prohibiting such System, and for giving such Commission the powers necessary for conducting such Inquiry.

An Act for taking the Census of England.

An Act for taking the Census in Scotland.

An Act to abolish certain Real Actions in' the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland, and further to amend the Procedure in the said Courts; and for other purposes -

Section Four, the last paragraph.

An Act to provide for the administration') of the Law relating to Matrimonial Causes I .

and Matters, and to amend the Law re- Parfc; namel7>-lating to Marriages, in Ireland - - J

Sections Five, Nineteen, Twenty, and Twenty-two.

Section Thirty-nine to "void; but".

An Act to make provision in relation to I

certain Beerhouses not duly qualified ac- >in part; namely, — cording to Law - J

Section One so far as it relates to the fifteenth section of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 61. and the closing hour.

An Act the title of which begins with the ~ words, — An Act to amend the Act of the first and second years of the Reign of i .

His late Majesty King William the Fourth, [ 11 Pa n me L — and ends with the words, — Lands for Glebes, in Ireland - J

Section Three, from " out of " to " annexed mentioned." Section Six from "and all the provisions" to end of that section.

Section Nine.

The Schedule.

Provided that the repeal of the Schedule shall not affect the reference thereto in 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100. s. 11.

An Act to empower Committees on Bills')

confirming or giving effect to Provisional I . , ,

Orders to award Costs, and examine Wit- f m Par | Iiame 7' nesses on Oath - - J

Section One.

An Act to make provision for the Assessment of Incqme Tax.

141

34 & 35 Vict. — cont. c. 6. An Act to apply the Sum of Four hundred and sixty-two thousand five hundred and eighty pounds nine shillings and eleven pence out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Years ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy and One thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

c. 7. An Act to apply the Sum of Five million four hundred and eleven thousand nine hundred pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

c. 9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 10. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

c. 18. in part. An Act to amend the Law disqualifying At-"1 torneys, Solicitors, and Proctors in practice I. . , from being Justices of the Peace forfm Part; namelJ-Counties - - Section One to " repealed; but ".

c. 20. An Act to apply the Sum of Seven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

c. 21. c. 22. in part. An Act to grant Duties of Customs and Income Tax. An Act the title of which begins with the~| words, — An Act to amend the Law in j Ireland relating to Commissions of Lunacy, S-in part; namely, — — and ends with the words, — and for I other purposes - - Section Five from " and every person who is by " to end of that section. Section Six from " and every person who is by " to " been fixed ". Section Twenty. Section One hundred and fifteen, from * Provided always " to end of that section. Section One hundred and eighteen, the last paragraph. - Schedule I.

c. 25. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, — and ends with the words, — and to continue "The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870."

c. 26. in part. An Act to alter the Law respecting Religious ) Tests in the Universities of Oxford, Cam- 1 . , bridge, and Durham, and in the Halls and r111 Part ' namelJ> Colleges of those Universities - - J Section Eight to " mentioned; and ". The Schedule.

c. 29. in part. An Act to facilitate the payment of Divi-1 . , . dends on India Stocks - - _ } m part; namely,- So far as the Act applies 33 & 34 Vict. c. 71. s. 20., the last paragraph.

c. 30. in part. An Act for the further Regulation of the 1 , . , . Duties on Postage - - _ j m part; namely,- Section One. Section Two from "and the Acts" to end of that section. Section Four. Schedule Two.

34 & 35 Vict. — cont. c. 81. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to Trades 1 .Q ^. namely Unions -j p f Section Twenty-four.

c. 33. in part. AAttf to eXpkm and amend the Bunal}in Part5 namely,-. Section One, the last paragraph.

c. 35. in part. An Act to transfer to the Commissioners of~) Her Majesty's Worksand Public Buildings | Je property in and control over the Up&rt; namely, Buildings and Property of the Police f Courts of the Metropolis, and for other purposes relating thereto Section Five. The Schedule.

c. 36. in part. An Act to extend the Provisions of the Pen-"-! sion Commutation Acts, 1869 and 1870, to 1 . JJXf. certain Public Civil Officers, and to con- ff part' name1^- solidate and amend the said Acts - J Section Thirteen to " this Act, and ". Section Fourteen.

c. 37. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the "I Tables of Lessons and Psalter contained >in part; namely, — in the Prayer Book - J Section Two from " Provided that the Table " to " therefor; and".

c. 38. in part. An Act for amending the Public Health 1.^ namely,-(Scotland) Act, 1867 - J 1 J Section One to " declared, that ",

c. 46. An Act for amending the Law relating to the Appointment of the Gaoler, Chaplain, and Matron of the Prison of the City of Bath.

c. 47. in part. An Act for amending the Acts regulating the "j borrowing of Money by the Metropolitan 1 . . . namely _ Board of Works; and for other purposes | p ' relating thereto - - J Sections Ten, Fourteen, and Seventeen.

c. 48. in part. An Act to repeal divers Enactments relating to Oaths and Declarations which are not in 1 . , # , force; and for other purposes connected j n pa ' na e therewith - - J Section One to end of subsection (1). The Schedules.

c. 49. in part. An Act to amend the Matrimonial Causes'] and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment >in part; namely, — Act, 1870 - Sections Four and Seventeen.

c. 51. An Act to apply the Sum of Ten million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

c. 52. An Act for raising the Sum of Seven hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

c. 58. in part. An Act to amend the Life Assurance Com-1 . . , panies Act, 1870 - - / m part> " Section One.

143

34 & 35 Vict. — cont. c. 59. in part. An Act to amend " The Public Libraries') (Scotland) Act, 1867," and to give ad- I ditional Facilities to the Local Authorities >in part; namely, — entrusted with carrying the same into execution - - Section One.

c. 60. in part. An Act to amend the Public Schools Act,) . , , 1868 - fin Part > "amely, — The Preamble. Section Two. Section Three, except the last proviso. Section Four.

c. 62. in part. An Act to enable Her Majesty to make') Regulations relative to the leave U part 1 namely, — absence of Indian Bishops on r urlough f and Medical Certificates - J From "and provided " to end of Act. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 65. in part. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws') . . relating to Juries in Ireland - - } m Part; namel* " Section Four, from' " the several " to " repealed and ", the word h other (wherever it occurs), and from " except as to anything " to end of that section. Sections Five and Eleven. The First Schedule. The Third Schedule, Form A. to Form C. The Fourth and Fifth Schedules. Except as to Section Four and First Schedule, repealed so long as 39 & 40 Vict. e. 21. ss. 2, 4, 5, continue in force.

c. 68. in part. An Act to determine the Boundaries of the j Barony and Regality of Glasgow for pur- > in part; namely, — poses of Registration - J Sections Two to Four.

c. 69. An Act to enable the Board of Trade to dispense with certain provisions of the Tramways Act, 1870, in respect of certain Provisional Orders.

c. 72. in part. An Act for the further protection of Pur-") chasers against Crown Debts, and for j amending the Laws relating to. the Office Vin part; namely, — of the Registrar of Judgments and other f Offices of the Court of Chancery, Ireland J Section One. Schedule A.

c. 73. in part. An Act for making Regulations as to the ) Office of Clerk of the Peace for the County >in part; namely, — Palatine of Lancaster - J Section Four to "repealed, and ". Section Seven.

e. 76. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the") Recovery of Small Debts and to Summary >in part; namely, — Jurisdiction in Ireland - J Preamble, the first two paragraphs. Section Three.

34 & 35 Vict. — cont. c. 78. in part. An Act to amend the Law respecting the In-1 . .. , spection and Regulation of Railways - / 5 Section Thirteen, the last paragraph. Section Fourteen, the last paragraph. Section Seventeen.

c. 81. c. 82. c. 83. in part. Schedule Two, the third column. An Act to abolish Reductions ex capite lecti in Scotland. Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1871. An Act for enabling the House of Commons'! and any Committee thereof to administer >in part; namely, — Oaths to Witnesses - J > Section Two.

o.84. in part. An Act to amend a The Limited Owners 1 . , , Residences Act, 1870 " - part; namely,-Section Two.

c. 86. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of the"] Regular and Auxiliary Land Forces of the ! . , n Crown; and for other purposes relating gP Part; namel^~ thereto - - J Section Two.

e. 89. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 91. in part. An Act to make further provision for the'l Despatch of Business by the Judicial >in part; namely, — Committee of the Privy Council - - J Section One, the first two paragraphs. Section Two.

c. 94, An Act to amend Paragraph Three of the Second Schedule of the Elementary Education Act, 1870.

c. 95. c. 96. in part. An Act to continue various expiring Laws. An Act for granting Certificates to Pedlars - in part; namely, — Section Twenty-five. Schedule Two, Form C.

c. 97. An Act for making Provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the ensuing Autumn.

c. 98. in part. An Act to amend the Vaccination Act, 1867 - in part; namely, — Section Seventeen. The Schedule.

c. 99. in part. An Act to amend the Procedure in the Civil 1 . , , Bill Courts in Ireland - - . } m part; namely,-Section Eight.

c. 100. in part. An Act to amend " The Glebe Loan (Ireland! J . , , Act, 1870" - - | -jm Part; namely,- Section Fourteen.

c. 101. in part. An Act to amend the Law respecting the'l proving and sale of Chain Cables and > in part; namely, — Anchors - Sections Seven and Nine. The Third Schedule.

c. 102. in part. An Act to amend the Laws of Charitable "1 . , . Donations and Bequests in Ireland - jin Part5 namely, Section Two from " Provided | to end of that section. Section Four to " repealed, and ". Section Six to " repealed; and ". Section Eight to " repealed; and ".

14-:

34 & 35 Vict. — coni. c. 103. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and 1 Inland Revenue - - j Except Sections Twenty-six and Thirty-one.

c. 105. in part. An Act for the safe keeping of Petroleum "1 . , and other Substances of a like Nature - /1D i)ar ' name Section Seventeen. .The Schedules.

c. 109. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the'l Local Goverment of Towns and populous >in part; namely, — Places in Ireland - J

c. 110. in part. Section Twenty-six. An Act to mend the Merchant Shipping J .Q part. namdv_ Section Twelve.

c. 111. in part. An Act to amend " The Beerhouses (Ireland) "J Act, 1864,"and for other purposes relating >in part; namely, — thereto - Section Four from " affect the " to " such repeal Section Five.

c. 112. in part. ACrimef0r the "0re effect-El PreVfnti°n °!}in part; namely,-Section Twenty-one.

c. 113. in part. An Act to amend " The Metropolis Water') Act, 1852 and to make further Provision j for the due Supply of Water to the Metro- >dn part; namely, — polis and certain Places in the Neigh- | bourhood thereof - Section Five. Section Thirty-nine from " Notwithstanding " to end of that section. Section Fifty-one. Schedules B. and C.

c. 115. in part. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts') in Great Britain, to repeal certain other 1 . , Turnpike Acts, and to make further Pro- j a Pai ' Da e ' visions concerning Turnpike Roads - J Sections One to Fourteen. Section Fifteen, the last paragraph. Section Sixteen, the words and figures t: or the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 18^8," and the last paragraph. The Schedules.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Years ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, One thousand eight hundred and sevenfy-two, and One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

c. 2. in part. An Act to extend and explain the Law") relating to Loans for purposes connected >in part; namely, — with the Relief of the Poor - - J Section Three.

c. 3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 4. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

55 & 36 Vict. — cont. c. 5. in part. An Act to amend the Charter under which "I the Governor and Company of the Bank >in part; namely, — of Ireland is incorporated - - J Section Seven.

c. 9. in part. An Act to continue the Appointment and'] Jurisdiction of the Commissioners for the 1 . . . Sale of Incumbered Estates in the West | m par ' name Indies - J Section Three. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

c. 11. An Act to apply the sum of Six million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

I 14. in part. An Act for the alteration of Boundaries of I . , , Dioceses- - m part; namely,- Section One.

c. 20. in part. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs') and Inland Revenue and to alter other > in part; namely, — Duties - J Sections Two to Four. Section Six from " and no person" to end of that section. Sections Seven to Thirteen.

c. 22. An Act to repeal an Act intituled " An Act to restrain Party Processions in Ireland."

c. 23.1 in part. An Act for amending the Law relating to the 1 . . , Harbours and Coasts of the Isle of Man - } m part ' namel7»~ Sections Twenty-four and Thirty-three. The Second Schedule.

c. 25. in part. An Act to amend the Juries Act (Ireland"), 1 . , , 1371 . _ 1 wnpart; namely, — Sections One, Four, and Six. The Schedule. Except as to Section One repealed so long as 39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. ss. 2, 3, 5, continue in force.

c. 30. in part. An Act to suspend the compulsory Operation "i . . , of the Chain Cables and Anchors Act, 1871 )in part 5 namely'~ Section One to "repealed and" and the last two paragraphs.

c. 37. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three.

c. 40. c. 43. An Act for continuing the Bishops Resignation Act, 1869, An Act to enable the Board of Trade to dispense with certain Provisions of the Tramways Act, 1870, in respect of certain Provisional Orders.

c. 44: in part. An Act the title of which begins with the~} words, — An Act to abolish the Office of j Accountant General of the High Court )>in part; namely, — of Chancery, — and ends with the words, — | Moneys and Effects of the Suitors thereof J Section Four from " the office " to " abolished, and ". Section Twenty-two. Section Twenty-six, the first paragraph, and subsection (1) of the proviso. Schedule Two.

147

35 & 36 Vict. — cont. c. 47. in part. An Act to amend the Act of the thirtieth"') and thirty-first years of Victoria, chapter eighty-five, intituled " An Act to include ! . . , the whole of the Burgh of Galashiels within in Par > name y> the County, Sheriffdom, and Commis-sariot of Selkirk " Section Two.

c. 54. An Act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868.

c. 55. in part. An Act for making better provision for the") erection of Lighthouses on the ^eat 1 . . , Basses Rock, and on the Little Basses f " ' Rock in the Colony of Ceylon - - J Section Eight.

c. 57. in part. An Act for the Abolition of Imprisonment for') Debt in Ireland, and for the Punishment of I. . fraudulent Debtors, and for other purposes | ° ® relating thereto - - J Section Six, the last paragraph. Section Twenty-seven.

c. 58. in part. An Act for the Amendment of the Law of 1 . , , -r. i , . T . , > m part; namely, — Bankruptcy in Ireland - J Section Five. Section Twenty-one, subsection (3), the second paragraph, and subsection (8). Schedule A.

c. 59. An Act to amend Paragraph Three of the Second Schedule of the Elementary Education Act, 1870.

c. 60. in part. An Act for the better prevention of Corrupt I Practices at Municipal Elections, and for 1 . . , establishing a Tribunal for the trial of the [ n Par ' name Validity of such Elections - - J Section Twenty-nine. The Schedule.

c. 62. in part. An Act to amend and extend the provisions'! of the Law of Scotland on the subject of >in part; namely, — Education - - Section Three from " to endure " in the first paragraph to end of subsection (5). Sections Four, Six, and Seven. Section Twelve, except the last paragraph. Section Twenty-seven from " and should any school board" to end of that section. Section Twenty-nine to " Board of Education, or ". Section Thirty-seven from " And for the purpose " to end of that section. Section Forty-six. from "provided always" to end of that section. Section Seventy-eight. Schedule B., Rule 4.

c. 64. * An Act for making provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the ensuing Autumn.

c. 65. in part. An Act to amend the Bastardy Laws - in part; namely, — Section Two. The First Schedule. K 2

148

Ch. 39.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vic?

35 & 36 V iet. — cent.

c. 69. in part.

c. 70. in part.

c. 73. in part.

> c. 76. in part.

c. 77. in part.

c. 79. in part.

c. 80.

c. 83.

c. 85. in part.

c. 87.

in part; namely, —

,u I

-J

in part; namely, — 1871

An Act the title of which begins with the} words, — An Act for constituting a Local

Government Board in Ireland, — and ends with the words, — Relief of the Poor in Ireland - - |

Section Twelve from " section" to " 1871, and". |

The Schedule, except so far as it relates to 17 & 18 Vict. I c. 103. and 34 & 35 Vict. c. 109.

An Act to make better provision respecting

certain Fees payable to the Law Officers > in part; namely, — of the Crown for England - - J

Section Two from " but this " to end of that section.

An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping 1 ;

Acts and the Passenger Acts - - j

Section Three from " and the fourth " to Section Five to " repealed, and ".

Section Eight to " repealed, and ".

Section Ten from " the Trinity House of Deptford Strond shall" to "per annum; and that".

An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts"!

relating to the Regulation of Coal Mines >in part; namely, — and certain other Mines - J

Section Nineteen, the words "The Weights and Measures Act, or" and the second paragraph (including the subsections). Sections Twenty-three, Twenty-four, and Seventy-six.

Schedule Three.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law 1 . . ",

relating to Metalliferous Mines * - / m Part 5 namel7 "

Section Forty-five.

Tho Schedule.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Public Health : —

Except Sections One, Two, Twenty, Fifty-one, Fifty-two, and Fifty-nine, and Section Sixty, so far as it relates to the interpretation of the terms " The metropolis " and " Local Government Acts " and the terms following the last-mentioned term.

Repealed except as to the parish of Woolwich.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, — and ends with the words, — "The Kensington Station and North and South London Junction Railway Act, 1859."

An Act to extend the provisions of the Pensions Commutation Act, 1871, to Officers and Clerks of Telegraph Companies who are entitled to Annuities.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts "5

in Great Britain, to repeal certain other I .

Turnpike Acts, and to make further pro- | m P ' name visions concerning Turnpike Roads - J

Sections One to Eleven.

The Schedules.

Provided that the repeal shall take effect with respect to 13 & 14 Vict. c. lxvi. (mentioned in the Tenth Schedule) from the date mentioned for the continuation thereof.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

35 & 36 Vict, — cont. c. 88. c. 91. in part. An Act to continue various expiring Laws. An Act to authorise the application of Funds') of Municipal Corporations and other >in part; namely, — Governing Bodies in certain cases - J Section Nine.

c. 92. in part. An Act to render unnecessary the general-) . . , Appointment of Parish Constables - /in Part * namel7>-Section Three from " and the twelfth " to " repealed,". Section Thirteen.

c. 93. in part. An Act for consolidating, with Amendments, "1 the Acts relating to Pawnbrokers in Great >in part; namely, — Britain - Section Four from " but this repeal " to end of that section. Section Fifty-four.

c. 94. in part. Au A-ct for regulating the Sale of Intoxi- j namely>_ eating Liquors - " J Section Twenty-eight from " and where other " to " nine of the clock Section Thirty-seven, the last paragraph. Section Thirty-eight from "Provided that" to end of subsection 2. Section Forty, the last paragraph to " had not passed ". Section Sixty-nine from " Provided that " to end of that section. Section Seventy-four from "Police district means" to "him in that behalf: ". Section Seventy-five to end of subsection (6). Section Seventy-seven as to the interpretation of the terms "License," "Licensing justices," "register of licenses," and " clerk to the licensing justices". Section Eighty. The Second Schedule.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 2. in part. An Act to make special provisions in relation ~| to the Constitution of certain Polling 1. . , Districts at Parliamentary Elections in | P ' 7s Ireland - J Section One. Section Two, subsections (1) to (5). Section Three to "be it enacted that". The Schedule.

c. 3. An Act to apply certain Sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Years ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, One thousand eight hundred aud seventy-three, and One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

c. 7. An Act to enlarge the Time within which an Address by either House of Parliament against certain Schemes made under the Endowed Schools Act, 1869, may be presented to Her Majesty.

c. 8. An Act to make provision for the Assessment of Income Tax, and as to Assessors in the Metropolis.

c. 9. in part. An Act to amend the Bastardy Laws - in part; namely, — Section Two. Section Three, the first subsection, and the word " And " next following. Section Eight.

c. 10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

150

Ch. 39.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

36 & 37 Vict. — cont.

c. 11.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces

while on shore.

c. 12. in part.

c. 13.

c. 14. in part.

c. 17. in part.

c. 18. in part.

c. 19. in part.

c. 21. in part.

c. 23.

c. 24.

c. 26.

c. 27. c. 30. in part.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Custody "I .

of Infents - (jm parti namely, —

Section Three.

An Act to discontinue the Office of Special Commissioners of Salmon Fisheries in England.

An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Harbour of Port-"B patrick in Scotland, and to vest the Lighthouse of Port-patrick in the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses Except Section Four.

An Act the title of which begins with the I words, — An Act to provide for the Redemption or Commutation of the Dividend I .

on the Capital Stock of the East India ' " '

Company, — and ends with the words, —

Dissolution of the East India Company -I Sections Three to Nine.

Section Ten to " shall think fit; and ".

Sections Eleven to Fifteen, Nineteen to Twenty-three, Twenty-six, Thirty-five, and Thirty-six.

Provided that, without prejudice to the general savings in this Act, this repeal shall not affect any jurisdiction or procedure given or authorised by the enactments repealed with reference to questions arising in consequence of any commutation or payment, or affect any protection thereby conferred in reference to any act, matter, or thing done by any trustee, executor, administrator, or other person.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland 1 ____

Revenue, and to alter other Duties - J '

Except Sections One, Four, and Five.

An Act for making better provision for the')

management in certain cases of Lands I.

allotted'under Local Acts of Inclosure for ( n ' name

the benefit of the Poor -J

Section Ten.

An Act to abolish Tests in Trinity College 1 .

and the University of Dublin - - )in ''

Tlm last section.

The Schedule.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend the law relating to the Grant of Superannuation, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and seventy.

An Act to continue the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1870, and the Protection of Life and Property in certain Parts of Ireland Act, 1871.

An Act to apply the Sum of Twelve million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Juries in Ireland.

An Act to amend the Law of Registration in Ireland so") far as relates to the year- One thousand eight hundred > : — and seventy-three, and for other purposes relating thereto J Except Sections One and Six.

36 & 37 Vict. — cont. c. 32. in part. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in"] Council of India to raise Money in the 1 . United Kingdom for the Service of the ✓'1I1 part; namdy. Government of India -J

c. 37. in part. Section One, the last paragraph. An Act to amend the Law relating to Fairs I . . in England and Wales -Jm Part' mel7» — Section Five.

c. 38. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the~\ words, — An Act to amend an Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of His ! . . , Majesty George the Fourth, — and ends ja Pa ' name with the words, — " The Vagrant Act I Amendment Act, 1868 " - - Section Five.

c. 41. in part. An Act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1 1868, as to the Property of Shrewsbury }> in part; namely, — and Harrow Schools - J Section Two from " with reference to Shrewsbury " to " Shrews-

c. 42. in part. bury, and." Sections Three, Four, and Six to Eight. An Act for amending the Tithe Commuta-1 . , , tion Acts with respect to Market Gardens j m Pa > n‘ J> Section Two.

c. 45. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the} words, — An Act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to >in part; namely, — guarantee, — and ends with the words, — Canada Defences Loan Act, 1870 -Section Nine.

c. 47. An Act the title of which 'begins with the words, — An Act to amend an Act passed in the session of Parliament held in the-

c. 48. in part. thirtieth and thirty-first years, — and ends with the icords, — Cor-k and Waterford; and for other purposes relating thereto. An Act to make better provision for carrying'! into effect the' Railway and Canal Traffic i . . Act, 1854, and for other purposes con- >inParfc5 namely, — nected therewith -J

c. 51. in part. Section Thirty-three. An Act to amend the Law relating to the ] Superannuation of Prison Officers in >in part; namely, — Ireland - - . J

c. 53. in part. Section Three. The Schedule. An Act the title of which begins with the'} words, — An Act to make better provision j respecting certain Sums payable to School- ! . , , masters of Highland Schools,-and ends j"111 Part> "amel>V-with the words, — endowment of addit onal Schools in Scotland - Section Three, the last two paragraphs. Sections Four and Five.

c. 54. An Act to raise the Sum of One million six hundred thousand H

c. 58. pounds sterling by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of tfcn Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four. An Act for making provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the ensuing Autumn.

36 & 3

f Vict. — cont. c. 59. in part.

c. 62. in part.

c. 63. in part.

c. 70. in part.

An Act the title of which begins icith words, — An Act for regulating and ex- I tending the Jurisdiction in matters con- >in part; namely, — . nected .with the Slave Trade, — and ends with the words, — under future Treaties - Section Eight.

The Schedule.

An Act to amend Section Twenty-four of the"!

Public Schools Act, 1868, with respect to >in part; namely, — the Property of Eton College - - J

The Preamble.

Section One except the last two paragraphs of that section.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Law 1 .

a . . . 0 . , & >in part; namely, —

Agents practising in Scotland - - J

Sections Three, Four, Ten, Twenty-four, and Twenty-five.

Provided that, without prejudice to the general savings

in this Act, this repeal shall not affect the obligation

under Section Three or Section Four on the Registrar

to enrol as a Law Agent any person and to grant to him

a certificate of enrolment.

An Act the title of which begins with theH words, — An Act for the constitution of a Supreme Court, — and ends with the Vin part; namely,-words, — Judicial Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council -j

Section Five, the second paragraph, the words " the Lord Chief Justice of the Common PleasN and the Lord Chief Baron" and from " shall be styled " to " of Justice, and".

Section Thirteen from " the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas " to " Exchequer ".

Section Fourteen from " the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas" to "Exchequer,".

Section Thirty-one, the paragraph beginning "Any deficiency". Section Thirty-seven, .the words " Common Pleas, or Exchequer ".

Section Thirty-eight.

Section Forty from " A Divisional Court " to " three such Judges ".

Section Forty-two to " Admiralty respectively; and ".

Section Forty-three.

Section Forty-four to " a Divisional Court ".

Section Forty-seven from " or five " to " be part ".

Section Seventy-eight from " and the existing Prothonotaries " to end of that section.

Section Seventy-nine from " the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas " to " Exchequer,". '

Section Eighty.

Section Ninety-six from I The same order " to end of that section.

Section One hundred, the paragraph beginning " London Court of Bankruptcy ".

An Act to amend i he Law relating to the') appointment of Revising Barristers and the >in part; namely, — holding of Revision Courts - - J

Section Two.

The Schedule.

153

36&37 Vict. — cont. c. 71. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to Salmon "1 . . , Fisheries in England and Wales - - J m Part 5 "«mely>-Section Four from " The definition " to "repealed, and ". Section Fifty-five from " that sections " to "repealed, and ", Section Sixty-five.

c. 73. An Act to amend so much of section four of the Public Health Act, 1872, as relates to the Cambridge Commissioners.

c. 74. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Irish Constabulary.

c. 75. c. 79. An Act to continue various expiring Laws. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 81. in part. An Act to authorise the division of the ) Wapentake of Langbaurgh in the county 1 of York into Districts for the purpose of (. . , Coroners jurisdiction, and the appointment j n " * of additional Coroners for the said Wapentake - Section Six.

c. 85. in part. Acts* to a,UeDd.the MefcW Shipping part. namely,_ Section Thirty-three.

c. 86. in part. An Act to amend the Elementary Educa- tion Act (1870), and for other purposes >in part; namely, — connected therewith - J Section Four. Section Six from " but the said " to end of that section. Section Ten, the last paragraph. Section Sixteen, the last paragraph. Section Eighteen, the last paragraph. Section Twenty-one from " but such substitution " to end of that section. Section Twenty-four, subsections (1.) and (2.) Section Twenty-eight. The Fourth Schedule.

c. 87. in part. An Act to continue and amend the En-1 . . , dowed Schools Act, 1869 - - / m Part J namely, — Section Nine. Section Fourteen, the last paragraph. Sections Nineteen and Twenty. The Schedule.

c. 88. in part. An Act for consolidating with Amendments') the Acts for carrying into effect Treaties | for the more effectual Suppression of the )- in part; namely, — 'Slave Trade, and for other purposes con- j nected with the Slave Trade - - Section Thirty. The Second Schedule.

c. 89. in'part. An Act to extend and amend the provisions I of the Gas and Water Works Facilities > in part j namely, — Act, 1870 - J Sections Two to Eleven. The Schedule.

36 & 37 Vict. — cont.

c. 90. in par t.

37 <fc 38 Vict. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3, in part.

c. 4.

c. 7. in part.

in part; namely, —

c. 9.

e. 10.

c. 13.

c. 15. in part.

c. 16.

c. 21. in part.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts') in Great Britain, to repeal certain other I . , .

Turnpike Acts, and for other purposes fm Part' name1^" connected therewith -J

Sections One to Twelve.

The Schedules.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to apply the Sum of, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

An Act to apply the sum of Seven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-five.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in "I

Council of India to raise Money in the I .

United Kingdom for the Service of the f1. ^ar $ name y> Government of India - J

Section Fourteen.

Section Fifteen from " and the provisions " to end of that section. Section Eighteen.

An Act for punishing. Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and' their Quarters.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the^| payment of the Assistant Judge of the Court of the Sessions of the Peace for the county of Middlesex, and his Deputy, and the Chairman of the Second Court at such Sessions - -

Section Five.

The Second Schedule.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to authorise an Advance out of the Consolidated Fund, — and ends with the words, — Elementary Education Act, 1873.

An Act to apply the Sum of Thirteen million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-five.

An Act to extend to the present Bishop of Calcutta the Regulations made by Her Majesty as to the Leave of Absence of Indian Bishops.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to amend the Act of sixteenth and"] seventeenth Victoria, chapter one hundred and nineteen, intituled " An Act for the Suppression of Betting Houses " -Section Four to " repealed, and ".

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amdnd the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

An Act for the discontinuance of the Four

Courts Marshalsea (Dublin), and the re- in part; namely moval of Prisoners therefrom Section Five, the proviso.

Section Six.

Section Seven, the words " removed or".

Section Eight to end of Act.

S'

in part; namely,-

37&38 Vict. — cont. c. 22. An Act to relieve Revenue Officers from remaining Electoral Disabilities.

c. 23. in part. An Act to amend the .Acts regulating the~] Salaries of Resident Magistrates in Ireland | and the Salaries of the Chief Commissioner )>in part; namely, — and Assistant Commissioner of Police of 1 the Police District of Dublin Metropolis - J Section One. Section Six, the second paragraph. Section Seven to " enacted, that " and from " Provided always " to end of that section. Schedule B.

c. 24. in part. An Act to empower the Public Works Loan"! Commissioners to advance a Sum of Money, J by way of Loan, for the improvement of >in part; namely, — the Harbour of Colombo in the Colony of 1 Ceylon -j Section Six.

c. 25. in part. An Act to remove the Restrictions contained"] in the British White Herring Fishery Li , . namely _ Acts in regard to the use of Fir Wood for | Herring Barrels - - % - J Section One to " is hereby repealed; and".

c. 28. c. 34. in part. An Act to further amend the Law relating to Juries in Ireland. An Act to amend the Act of the fifty-fifth"] year of King George the Third, chapter one hundred and ninety-four, intituled >in part; namely, — " An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries in England and Wales | -Section Two.

c. 40. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the~) words, — An Act to amend the powers of j the Board of Trade, — and ends with the ) . , . words, — reference of Differences to the jin Par ' name 7> Railway Commissioners in lieu of Arbi- I trators - - J Section Five.

c. 42. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws 1 . relating to Building Societies - - / in Part * name]y> — Section Twenty-seven, the word " now'% Section Forty-four from " The registrar" to end of that section. The Schedule from "Forms of Certificate" to end.

c. 45. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the' words, — An Act for altering the Boundaries between the Liberty of St. Alban, Vin part; namely, — — and ends with the words, — Justice at Quarter Sessions in that County - - Section Ten, the last paragraph. Section Fourteen, the words " of the county prison at Hertford, and " (where they first occur), the word " other " (where it next occurs) and from " A governor" to " and other ". Section Fifteen, the words " of the county prison at St. Albans and" (where they first occur), the word "other" (when it next occurs) and from | A governor" to " and other". Section Eighteen, the sixth paragraph. Section Twenty-one, the last paragraph. Sections Twenty-seven, Thirty to Thirty-five, and Forty-three.

37 & 38 Vict. — cont. c. 46. in part.. An Act to consolidate and amend the Duties 1 . . , of Customs iu thu Isle of Man - -} m P"1 1 """to-Section Six. Schedule A.

c. 49. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the 1 Sale and Consumption of Intoxicating > in part; namely, — Liquors - - J Section Two, the words "and as to the provision repealin» section twenty-four of the principal Act,". Section Four from " and so much" to end of that section. Section Twelve to " enacted, that ". Section Twenty-seven to " enactment, and ". Section Thirty-three.

c. 51. in part. An Act to amend the Law respecting the"| Proving and Sale of Chain Cables and > in part; namely, — Anchors - J Section Six to " in lieu thereof " Section Eight. The Schedule.

c. 53. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the 1 . . , Payment of Revising Barristers - - }in Part 5 name1^-Section Five. The Schedule.

c. 54. in part. An Act to amend the Law respecting the"] Liability and Valuation of certain Property >inpart; namely, — for the purpose of Rates - J Section Fourteen.

c. 56. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 57. in part. An Act for the further Limitation of Actions "1 . . , and Suits relating to Real Property - / m Part; namely>-Section Nine from " (which several " to " repealed) ".

c. 53. An Act to make further provision respecting the contribution out of Moneys provided by Parliament towards the Expenses of the Police Force in the Metropolitan Police District, and elsewhere in Great Britain.

c. 60. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the Acts relating to the Navigation of the River Shannon; and for other purposes relating thereto.

c. 61. in part. An Act for granting Compensation to Officers "1 . , . of the Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Corps j111 Parfc? namel?~ Sections Three to Five.

c. 64. in part. An Act to further alter and amend the Law") of Evidence in Scotland, and to provide | for the recording, by means of Short-hand J> in part; namely, — Writing, of Evidence in Civil Causes in j Sheriff Courts in Scotland - - Section One.

c. 67. in part. An Act to regulate and otherwise deal with "| Slaughter-houses and certain other Busi- >in part; namely, — nesses in the Metropolis - - .1 Sections Eleven and Fourteen.

157

37 & 38 Vict. — cont. c. 69. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the 1 Sale and Consumption of Intoxicating >in part; namely, — Liquors in Ireland - J Section Three.

c. 70. in part. Section Twenty to " enacted, that ". Section Thirty-seven, the last paragraph. Section Thirty-eight. An Act to amend the Law relating to the 1 . , , _ Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland j P ' Section Four.

c. 72. in part. An Act to explain and amend the Fines Act 'I (Ireland), 1851, and for other purposes >in part; namely, — relating thereto - - J Section Three.

c. 73. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the'') Payment to and Repayment by the Com- I missioners for the Reduction of the , National Debt of Moneys received in and P ' to the accounts relating to the Post Office Savings Bank - Section Three from " Section twelve to end of that section.

c. 74. in part. An Act to amend the Law respecting certain 1 Receipts and Expenses connected with >in part; namely, — Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland - J Section Three. The Schedule.

c. 76. c. 77. in part. An Act to continue various expiring I.aws. An Act respecting Colonial and certain other 1 . . namely Clergy - j P Sections Two and Ten. The Schedules.

c. 80. in part. Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the 1 . i , Royal Irish Constabulary - - jin Part 5 namel7 " Section Two from paragraph numbered 4. to end of that section. Section Thirteen. The Schedule.

c. 81. in part. An Act to provide for the abolition of certain") Offices connected with the Great Seal, j and to make better provision respecting }> in part; namely, — the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in 1 Chancery - - j Section Four, the first paragraph. Section Six, the first paragraph. Section Nine, the words "and the Public Offices Fees Act, . 1866, shall apply to all such fees ". Section Twelve. The Schedule.

c. 82. in part. An Act to alter and amend the laws relating") to the Appointment of Ministers to Parishes > in part; namely, — in Scotland - - J Section Three from " the said Acts" to "repealed, and Sections Four to Six. Section Seven, the second paragraph. Section Eight from " nor shall anything" to end of that section. Section Nine from " the word guardian shall include " to " public capacity; " and from " heritors shall mean " to end of that section.

,37 & 38 Vict. — cont. c. 83. in part. An Act for delaying the coming into opera- "I tion of the Supreme Court of Judicature >in part; namely, — Act,-1873 - - Section One.

c. 86. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the \ . ,. namply Irish Reproductive Loan Fund - - j Sections Six and Eight.

c, 87. in part. An Act to amend the Endowed Schools Acts - in part; namely, — Section One, the last paragraph. Section Three to " inspectors; and ". Sections Seven and Eight. The Schedule.

c. 88. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the") Registration of Births and Deaths in 1 England, and to consolidate the Law re- J>in part; namely, — specting the Registration of Births and | Deaths at Sea - - Section Fifty-four. The Fifth Schedule.

c. 89. in part. ^tws to a-m6Ild a-d GXtend the_Sanitar(}in part; namely,- Sections One to Eighteen and Twenty-one to Forty-five. Section Forty-six to " Sanitary Acts; and ". Section Forty-eight. Section Forty-nine so far as it relates to slaughter-houses. Section Fifty-seven, the last two paragraphs. Repealed except as to the parish of Woolwich.

c, 92. in part. An Act to provide for the Transfer to the') Admiralty and the Secretary of State for 1 . . , the War Department of Alderney Harbour f1. Par ' name and certain Lands near it - - J Section Four.

c. 94. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to Land") Rights and Conveyancing, and to facilitate > in part; namely, — the Transfer of Land in Scotland - J Section Thirty-three. Section Thirty-four from " and shall not be pleadable " to " and seventy nine : " (where those words next occur). Section Fifty-five. Section Fifty-seven to "His Majesty's service; and Section Sixty-one to " is hereby repealed; and ". Section Sixty-two to "and in place thereof". Section Sixty-three to "and in place thereof ". Section Sixty-four to " and in place thereof ". Section Sixty-five to "and in place thereof".

c. 95. in part. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts') in Great Britain, and to repeal certain 1 . , other Turnpike Acts; and for other pur- ) m Par ' n poses connected therewith - - Sections One to Nine. The Schedules. Provided that the repeal shall take effect with respect to 4 W. 4. c. xxxi., 15 & 16 Vict. c. cliv., 7 G. 4. c. xvi., 3 W. 4. c. lvii., and 14 Vict. c. xli. (mentioned in the Fifth and Sixth Schedules) from the dates mentioned for the continuation thereof.

1883.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1883.

Ch. 39.

159

38 & 39 Vict. c. 1. An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to apply the Sum, — and ends with the words, — One thousand eight hundred and seventy-five.

c. 2. An Act to apply the Sum of Seven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Tear ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-six.

c. 3. in part. An Act to make further provision with') respect to the Salaries of the Magistrates I . . of the Police Courts in the Metropolitan rm Pai name j, Police District - - J Section Two. The Schedule.

c. 5. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the") . . , Registry of Deeds Office, Ireland - } m Part; "^bisection One to " Provided that ".

c. 7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 8. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

c. 9. in part. An Act to repeal Section Eight of the Build-") ing Societies Act, 1874, and make other >in part; namely, — provision in lieu thereof - J Section One.

c. 10. An Act to apply the Sum of Fifteen millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-six.

c. 13. in part. An Act to extend to the Docks, Custom"! Houses, Inland Revenue Offices, and Bond- 1 ing Warehouses in England and Ireland >in part; namely, — certain provisions of The Bank Holidays j Act, 1871, and to amend the same - Section Three from |and section six " to "repealed ".

c. 14. An Act to amend and continue certain Acts for the Preservation of the Peace in Ireland, and to grant an Indemnity in certain cases.

c. 15. in part. An Act to amend the Sea Fisheries Act, 1 . , , 1868 - ' > m part; namely, — Section One from "and all powers " to " cease ".

c. 17. in part. An Act to amend the Law with respect to") manufacturing, keeping, selling, carrying, (. * namely_ and importing Gunpowder, Nitro-gly- r m Part ' nameVi cerine, and other explosive Substances - J Section One hundred and twenty-two from " and the Act " to end of that section. The Fifth Schedule.

c. 1'9. c. 21. in part. An Act for making perpetual the Bishops Resignation Act, 1869. An Act for amending the Law relating to") Houses of Public Dancing, Music, or other 1 . , , Public Entertainment of the like kind, in " Pal ' "ame the Cities of London and Westminster - J Section Two from "and all proceedings " to end of that section.

c. 23. in part. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs'! and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, 1. , , r and to amend the Laws relating to Customs j Par ' name 3» and Inland Revenue - Sections Two to Seven. Section Eleven, the first paragraph.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 23. in part — cont.

c. 25. in part.

c. 26. in part.

c. 28. in part.

c. 30. c. 31.

c. 34. in part.

c. 35. in part.

c. 37. c. 39. in part.

c. 40. in part.

c. 44. c. 45. in part.

c. 50. in part.

c. 51. in part.

Section Twelve from " taken out after " to " after the said last-mentioned day " and from " and every such licence " to " duty of excise".

Section Fourteen.

The Schedule.

An Act to consolidate, with amendments, the"!

Acts relating to the Protection of Public > in part; namely, — Stores - - , *J

Section Eighteen to " save that ".

The Second Schedule.

Ainl2otlanrend of Ba"kruptC(}in part; namely,-

Section Two.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the"')

Superannuation Allowances of certain ! ._____. ___

Officers of the Staff of the Metropolitan f"n P"11 ""ne1*-Police - J

Section Four.

An Act to amend the Glebe Loan (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1871.

An Act to make perpetual Section Four of the Railway Companies Act, l867, and Section Four of thq Railway Companies (Scotland)

Act, 1867. . tnoot- .vhjp luassbaibyn

An Act the title of which begins ,with the\ words, — An Act to ain,end the Acts. re-. .|/ lating to the Ecclesiastical Commis^ S-in part; namely, — sioners, — and ends with the words, — new |

Bishopric of Saint Albans - - J

Section Seven from " and whenever " to end of that section.

An Act for the further Amendment of the!

Laws relating to Turnpike Roads in South >in part; namely, —

Wales ojYg) MiitmdaiMffvG J Section Three to ‘j effect; namely ", *

An Act to amend the Law relating to Juries in Ireland.

An Act to amend the, provisions of the")

Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872, 1 , ,

with . respect to the annual Returps ,from^m Part 5 namel7>-Mines -j

Section Four..

An Act to amend the Law regulating Muni- 1 .

cipal Elections - - part; namely,-

Section Twelve.

The Second Schedule.

An Act to amend the Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1874.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to")

the Reduction of the National Debt and I . , ,

the Charge for the National Debt in the j1 n Par ' name Consolidated Fund - J

Section Six.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the 1 .

County Courts - - _5 _ j m part; namely,-

Section Twelve.

Schedule (C.)

An Act the title of which begins with the~\ words, — An Act to amend the Act of, — j and ends with the words, — Criminal Out- |- in part; namely, — rages upon Natives of the Islands in the j Pacific Ocean " - -J

Section Eleven.

38 & 39 Vict. — cont.

c. 55. in part.

c. 57.

in part.

c. 58. in part.

c. 60. in part.

c. 61. in part.

c. 63. in part.

c. 64. in part.

c. 65. in part.

c. 67. in part.

An Act for consolidating and amending the 1 , .

Acts relating to Public Health in England jin Part 5 namel)V~ Section Two hundred and fifty-two, the last two paragraphs. Sections Three hundred and eighteen, Three hundred and twenty-four, Three hundred and twenty-five, and Three hundred and thirty-eight.

Schedule II. Rules 73 and 74.

Schedule V. Part II.

An Act to institute a Pharmaceutical Society,"'!

and to regulate the Qualifications of Phar- I . . _ j______

maceutical Chemists and of Chemists and j P '

Druggists, in Ireland -J

Section Five from " and the said persons " to u Ireland " and from " and the said Sir Dominic " to end of that section. Section Eight from " on the first Monday of October in the year " to " remainder of the members of such council shall go out of office; and ".

Sections Nine and Fourteen.

An Act to authorise Advances to the Public"!

Works Loan Commissioners for enabling L . namely, — them to make Loans under divers Acts ( authorising such Loans -J

Sections Two and Three.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law 1 . .. nomo1_

relating to Friendly and other Societies - / m Part 5 namely'-Sections Five and Seven.

Section Thirty, subsection (3.), the last paragraph.

Schedule I.

An Act to further amend the Law of Entail! .

in Scotland - m part; namely, —

Section Five, subsection (3.) to " repealed; but ".

An Act to repeal the Adulteration of Food"!

Acts, and to make better provision for the >in part; namely, — Sale of Food and Drugs in a pure state - J Section One.

An Act to repeal the Guarantee by Com-] panies Act, 1867, and to make other pro- >in part; namely, — vision in lieu thereof - J

Section One.

An Act for further amending the Acts"! relating to the raising of Money by the I .

Metropolitan Board of Works, and for fm Par 1 other purposes - . J

Section Two.

Section Three, the first two paragraphs.

Section Four, the first three and last paragraphs.

Section Five, the first three paragraphs.

Section Six, the first three and last paragraphs.

Section Seven.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Private "1 and District Lunatic. Asylums in Ireland-/111 Parfc; nameI^ Section Fifteen.

namely, —

c. 72. An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

73. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of certain

Persons who entered the Employment of the Home Government of India before the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

38&39 Vict. — cont. c. 74. in part. An Act to amend " The Public Health'! (Scotland) Act, 1867," and other Sanitary 1 . , , Acts, in respect of Loans for Sanitary fm Parfc5 namely,-Purposes - J Section Three, the first paragraph.

c. 76. in part. An Act to make provision for Returns'! relating to Ecclesiastical Fees, and for >in part; namely, — other purposes - - J Section Six.

c. 77. in part. An Act to amend and extend the Supreme 1 . . , Court of Judicature Act, 1873 - . } m part; namely,- Section Three, the first paragraph and the words " and style" in the second paragraph. Section Four, the second paragraph from "the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas " to end of that paragraph, the fourth paragraph, the fifth paragraph, the words, "the Common Pleas Division, the Exchequer Division," and the seventh paragraph to " take effect: " Section Eight to the end of the first paragraph of the enactment, the next paragraph from " He shall be entitled " to end of that paragraph and the next paragraph from " Provided that" to end of that paragraph. Section Fourteen, from "and the Lord Chief Justice of England " in the last paragraph to end of that section. Section Sixteen. Section Seventeen, subsection (1.) the words " and the Court of Appeal " and " respectively ". Section Eighteen, the first paragraph from " except § to " before the commencement of this Act,". Section nineteen, the words the First Schedule hereto and". Section Twenty, the words " or in the First Schedule hereto,". Section Twenty-six, the third paragraph (to end of the subsections) except subsection (3.) to " the fees." Section Twenty-seven. Section Twenty-nine, except the last paragraph. Section Thirty-one. . Section Thirty-three, subsection (1.) and the word "other" in subsection (2.) Section Thirty-four. The Schedules. Provided that the repeal shall take effect with respect to Sections Sixteen, Eighteen, Nineteen, and Twenty, and the First Schedule from the 24th day of October 1883.

c. 78. r An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

c. 79. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to Legal) . . , Practitioners - - / m Part| namely " Section Two, the first paragraph. The Schedule.

c. 83. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to j Securities for Loans contracted by Local > in part; namely, — Authorities - - J Section Thirty-five.

3 8 & 39 Vict. — cont. c. 86. in part. An Act for amending the Law relating to") Conspiracy, and to the Protection of Pro-. > in part; namely, — perty, and for other purposes - - J Section Seventeen, except from " Any order for wages " to " not otherwise; f

c. 87. in part. An Act to simplify Titles and facilitate the 1 . . . Transfer of Land in England - - /ia Part 5 namel7>-Sections One hundred and thirteen and One hundred and twenty-nine.

c. 89. in part. An Act to consolidate with Amendments') the Acts relating to Loans for Public >in part; namely, — Works - J Sections Forty-two, Fifty-two, and Fifty-four. Section Fifty-seven, paragraph (2.).

c. 94. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to 1 . . , , Offences against the Person - ° - / P 5 namel^~ Section Two.

c. 96. in part. An Act to provide for additional Payments 1 . . . , to Teachers of National Schools in Ireland J " ' Section Seven from " shall before the first " to " March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, and ".

39 & 40 Vict. c. 2. An Act to apply the Sum of Four million and eighty thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-six.

c. 4. An Act to apply certain Sums out of the Consolidated. Fund to the Service of the Years ending the.Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, One thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, and One thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven.

. c. 8. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

c. 9. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

c. 15. An Act to apply the Sum of Eleven million pounds out of tli& Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven..

c. 16. in part. An Act to grant and alter certain Duties') of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to 1 . . , amend the Laws relating to Customs and fin P011' namev > Inland Revenue - - J Section Two. Section Four, the first two paragraphs. Sections Six, Seven, Nine, and Ten. The Schedule to the second " Section 6."

c. 18. in part. An Act to incorporate the Solicitor for the" Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and make further provision respecting the M . , Grant of the Administration of the Estates j n Par ' name Y> ' of deceased Persons for the use of Her Majesty - - Section Eight. Section Nine, the proviso, sub-section (4,). L 2

39 & 40 Vict. — cont.

c. 20. in part.

c. 22. in part.

c. 28. in part.

c. 81. in part.

: c. 33. nn part.

c. 34. in part.

c. 35. in part.

>in part; namely, —

c. 36. in part.

c. 37. in part.

c. 38. in part.

An Act to facilitate the Revision of the"]

Statute Law by substituting in certain 1 Acts, incorporating Enactments which ^in part; namely, — have been otherwise repealed, a reference | to recent Enactments still in force -J

Section One, the first paragraph.

Section Two, the first paragraph.

Section Three to " enacted as follows : that ".

Section Four, the first paragraph.

Section Five, the first paragraph.

Section Six.

An Act to amend the Trade Union Act, 1871- in part; namely, — Section Sixteen, the first paragraph.

An Act to amend the Court of Admiralty"]

(Ireland) Act, 1867, and confer a more I . rt. _a lv_ extended Admiralty Jurisdiction on the j " ' '

Recorders of Cork and Belfast - - J

Section Seven from " and such fees" to end of that section.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of"

Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and to amend the Public Works Loans Act, 1875 - -

Sections Three and Eight.

An Act for the Amendment of the Trade 1 . , ‘ , .

Marks Registration Act, 1875 - -j m part; namely,-

Section One, the first paragraph.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Elver "I . .____

Fishing - ', : -}1Q Part; namelJ'-

Section One.

An Act for consolidating the Duties of Customs -

Section One from "and in the Act" to repeated in the said table The Schedule from " or any other vegetable to " chicory or coffee ", the words and figures " Paste or chocolate - - the lb. 0 0 2 ", from " Malt " to " See Spirits " (where those words next occur), from " Tea, until the first day of August 1877" to "0 3 6" and from "Varnish. See Spirits" to "0 0 1."

An Act to consolidate the Customs Laws - in part; namely, — Section Twenty-seven, from " and the specifications " to end of that section.

Section Forty-two, the fourth paragraph of the Table from " malt (except " to " made from malt)".

Section Two hundred and eighty-seven.

An Act to assimilate the Law in Ireland "j

to the Law in England as to quieting >in part; namely, — Possessions and Titles against the Crown J Section Four.

An Act to extend the Limits of Age up to~| which, with the Assent of Boards of j Guardians, Orphan and deserted pauper Vin part; namely, — Children may be supported out of Work- ( houses in Ireland -J

Section One.

in part; namely, — included and

39 & 40 Vict. — cont. c. 39. in part. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts') in Great Britain, and to repeal certain I . . , other Turnpike Acts; and for other pur- j m ^ar * name D poses connected therewith - - Sections One to Seven. The Schedules. Provided that the repeal shall take effect with respect to 6 G. 4. c. i., 7 G. 4. c. xix., 9 G. 4. cc. lxxi. and lxxiv., 10 G. 4. c. xxv., and 3 W. 4. c. xl. (mentioned in the Fourth Schedule) from the dates mentioned for the continuation thereof.

c. 40. in part. An Act for enabling legally qualified Medical") Practitioners to hold certain public Medical I . , . . Appointments, and for amending the P^t; namely,-Medical Act - - The first two paragraphs of the Preamble. Section Two.

c. 42. in part. An Act to amend the Law respecting certain! . , . T, Returns from Convict Prisons tS 1 Section Three.

c. 44. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to Legal 1 in rt namel Practitioners in Ireland - J 1 , Section Two.. The Schedule,

c. 45. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws '! relating to Industrial and Provident > in part; namely, — Societies. a - Section Four. Schedule I. '

c. 50. in part. An Act to amend the Law for the Relief of) the Poor in Ireland in respect to rating and > in part; namely, — chargeability on Poor Law Unions - J Section Three from "The first section of/' to end of that , section.

c. 52. in part. An Act to amend the Law respecting the-) Powers and Duties vested in the Barrister 1 . , , appointed to certify the Rules of Savings j n ^al ' nam Banks - - t. . - - J Section Three, the third paragraph, from " but until" to end of that paragraph, and the last paragraph.

c. 53. in part. An Act to make further provision respecting") the Superannuation Allowance to be 1 . . , granted to Civil Servants serving fc Wart j namely, — unhealthy Climates - - Section Six.

c. 54. in part. An Act to provide for the Foundation of a") new Bishopric out of a part of the Diocese >in part; namely, — of Exeter - - j Section Five from " and whenever" to end of that section.

c. 55. in part. An Act for further amending the Acts rela-") ting to the raising of Money by the Metro- 1 . . name], _ politan Board of Works; and for other [ " ' purposes relating thereto - J Section Three. Section Four, the first two paragraphs. Sections Five and Six. Section Seven, the first three paragraphs.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 55. in part — cont.

c. 56. in part.

c. 59. in part.

c. 60.

e. 61. in part.

c. 63. in part.

c. 64.

c. 65. in part.

c. 68.

c. 69.

Section Eight, the first three paragraphs.

Section Nine, the first three and last paragraphs.

Section Ten.

An Act for facilitating the regulation and improvement of Commons, and for amending ® the Acts relating to the Inclosure of Part; Damel7>~ | Commons - -

Section Thirty-four to " 1845, and". |

An Act for amending the Law in respect of"!

the Appellate Jurisdiction of the House of >in part; namely, — Lords; and for other purposes - * J

Section Thirteen.

Section Fifteen, the first paragraph from " Be it enacted " lo end of that paragraph, the fourth and seventh paragraphs, and the ninth paragraph to " mentioned; and ".

Section Sixteen, from " and so much of section " to end of that section.

Section Seventeen, the second paragraph, the words " any three or more of''and from "of whom" to " specified therein ", and the last paragraph.

_ Sections Twenty-one and Twenty-four.

Provided that the repeal shall take effect with respect to Section Sixteen from the 24th day of October 1883.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated ' Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act to provide for the better arrange-"! ment of divided Parishes and other local | areas, and to make sundry Amendments )>in part; namely, — in the Law relating to the Relief of the I Poor in England - .- -J

Section Twelve to " repealed, and".

Section Twenty-seven.

Section Twenty-nine, the last paragraph.

An Act to render necessary in Ireland a~|

Year's Notice to Quit to determine a I .

Tenancy from Year to Year, and otherwise | m Pai ' name Ti to amend the Law as to Notices to Quit - J

Section Six to " before the passing of this Act ".

Section Seven.

An Act to continue for One Year the Police (Expenses) Act, 1875.

An Act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) 1 Act, 1860, and the Tramways (Ireland) I Amendment Act, 1861, as regards the >in part; namely, — application of the same to the County and I the County of the City of Dublin - Section Two to " subsequent year ".

Section Five.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to amend the Law for the Payment of Remuneration, — and ends with the words, — War Department and Her Majesty's Postmaster General.

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

39 & 40 Vict. — cont. c. 70. in part. An Act to alter and amend the Law relating" to the Administration of Justice in Civil Causes in the ordinary Sheriff Courts in >in part; namely, — J * Scotland, and for other purposes relating I thereto - Section Twelve, subsection (6.). Section Thirty-five to " abolished, and ". Section Forty-one from "and sections twelve and thirteen" to end of that section.

c. 72. Section Forty-four the words " which Schedule C. is hereby repealed ". Section Forty-eight. Section Fifty-three from "instead of" to "that purpose,". An Act to suspend for a limited period the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Norwich, and to disfranchise certain Voters for the said City, and also certain Voters for the Borough of Boston.

c. 73., in part. Repealed from the 15th day of August 1883. An Act to amend the Pensions Commutation 1 , , ... Act, 1871 - namely,- Section Three.

c. 74. in part. An Act for amending so much of the") Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, j 1875, as relates to the Governors of the >in part; namely, — Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augments- [ tion of the Maintenance of the Poor ClergyJ Section Two. The Schedule.

c. 75. in part. An Act for making further Provision for the \ . .. , Prevention of the Pollution of Rivers - J 9

' c. 76. in part. Section Thirteen to " passing of this, Act; jj 1 An Act 4o extend the privileges of Muni -1 . , . cipal Corporations in Ireland* _ j m part; namely,-Section Three to " the Act, and " and the word " following ". Section Four the words " this and" and " succeeding". Section Six.

c. 78. in part. An Act to amend the Procedure con-7 . , , | nected with Trial by Jury in Ireland - /111 Part; namel7»" Section Six to " enacted, that ". Section Sixteen to "enacted, that". Section Twenty to " and thereupon ' . Section Twenty-two. The Second Schedule.

c. 79. in part. An Act to make further provision for Ele- 1 , , mentary Education - } in part; namely,- Section Ten, the last paragraph. Section Nineteen, the first paragraph. Section Forty-four, the words " which is repealed by this Act ". 1 The Fourth Schedule.

c. 80. in part. An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping! . . , Acts - Part; namely, — . Section Thirty from "by the" to "authority". Section Forty-five. The Schedule.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 1. An Act to apply the Sum of Three hundred and fifty thousand j pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Tear ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred j and seventy-seven.

40 & 41 Vict. — cont.

c. 2. in part.

c. 3. in part.

c. 5.

c.6.

c.7.

c. 8.

e. 9. in part.

c. 11. in part.

c- 12.

c. 13. in part.

c. 18. in part.

c. 19.

c. 20. in part.

An Act to provide for the preparation, issue, and payment of Treasury Bills, and make further provision respecting Exchequer Bills -

Section Six, the last paragraph.

in part; namely, — "

An Act to amend the Publicans' Certificates 1 .

(Scotland) Act, 1876 - )in Part; namel7»-

Section Two to " enacted that ", from " at the meeting " to "thereof, and", and from " in every subsequent" to "shall be made ".

Section Three.

An Act to raise the Sum of Seven hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bills or Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven.

An Act to apply certain Sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Years ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, One thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven, and One thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

An Act for amending the Supreme Court of 1 .

Judicature Acts, 1873 and 1875 - - / m Part> namelY»-

Section Five, from "theMaster" to " Baron".

Section Six.

An Act to make provision with respect ~| to Judicial Proceedings in certain Cases >in part; namely, — relating to Rating - J

Section Two.

An Act to apply the Sum of Five million nine hundred thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs') and Inland Revenue, and to amend the I .

laws relating to Customs, Inland Revenue, jin Pa ' name J* and Savings Banks - J

Sections Two, Six to Nine, and Thirteen.

Section Seventeen, the last paragraph.

Schedule B.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law! relating to Leases and Sales of Settled > in part j namely, — Estates - - J

Section Fifty-eight.

The Schedule.

An Act the title of which begins with the words, — An Act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans, — and ends with the words, — Public Works Loans Act, 1875.

An Act to fix the Salaries of the Members'!

of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to I - .

amend the Eleventh Section of the Con- pr Par nameL — 1 stabulary (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1870J Section One.

169

- —

40 & 41 Vict. — cont. c. 21. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to 1 . Prisons, in England - fln Part > namety> Section Thirteen, the first paragraph. Section Fifteen, the first paragraph. Sections Sixteen to Twenty-one. Section Forty-live, the last paragraph. Section Forty-seven, the last paragraph. Section Fifty-four. Section Sixty, from if subject to this proviso " to end of that section.

c. 24. An Act to apply the Sum of Twenty million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.

c. 25. in part. An Act for regulating the Examination ofj Persons applying to be admitted Solicitors j of the Supreme Court of Judicature in )>in part; namely, — England, and for otherwise amending the | Law relating to Solicitors - Section Twenty-two. Section Twenty-three, from "Provided also" to end of that section.

c. 27. in part. An Act the title of which begins with the\ words, — An Act to grant Money for the j purposes of Loans, — and ends with the Vin part; namely, — words,1 — Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland-

c. 32. in part. Preamble, the fourth and fifth paragraphs. Sections Nine and Ten. Part III. The Second Schedule. An Act to remit certain Loans formerly made out ofj the Consolidated Fund or other Public Revenue of the >: — United Kingdom - , - : , . - - Except so far as it relates to Beattock Inn.

c. 37. An Act for extending the Time for the Registration of Trade Marks, in so far as relates to Trade Marks used in Textile Industries.

c. 38. An Act to continue for One Year the Board of Education in Scotland.

e. 42. in part. An Act to amend the Law relating to the j Fisheries of Oysters, Crabs, and Lobsters, >in part; namely, — and other Sea Fisheries - J Section Sixteen.

c. 43. in part. An Act to amend the Law with respect to j the Appointment, Payment, and Fees of I - , , Clerks of Justices of the Peace and Clerks 'm Pa ' name of Special and Petty Sessions r - J Section Eight, the second paragraph. Section Ten from "and so much" to end of that section.

c. 48. in part. An Act to make further Provision respecting j the Universities of Oxford and Cam- >inpartj namely, — bridge and the Colleges therein - - J Section Two, so far as it relates to the interpretation of the terms " Emolument " " School " and " Professorship " and the terms following the last-mentioned term. Sections Three to Twenty-three, Twenty-five to Forty-three, Forty-five to Fifty-one, Fifty-six, and Fifty-nine.

170

Ch. 39.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1883. 46 & 4'7 Vj

40 & 41 Vict. — cont.

c. 49. in part.

C. 50. in part.

c. 51. in part.

c. 52. in part.

c. 53. in part.

c. 56. in part.

in part; namely,-

Vin.parl; namely, —

tinpart; namely, —

An Act to amend the Law relating to Prisons] in Ireland * « - *

Section Seven.

Section Eight from " and in case" to end of that section. Section Ten, the last paragraph.

Section Seventeen, the second paragraph from "all boards" to " thereupon Section Twenty, the last two paragraphs.

Section Twenty-six to " effect, viz.,".

Section Fifty-seven, paragraph (ia.)

An Act the title of which begins with the" words, — An Act to amend the Law in regard to the appointment bf Sheriffs Substitute and Procurators Fiscal iti'Scotland, 7v — and ends with the words, — purposes j connected therewith - J , * *J

Section Four to " enacted as follows

Section Six from " (save in "' to " expressly provided) ", and from " The appointment of any " to end of that section. Section Twelve.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India -J

Section Nineteen.

An Act for further amending the Acts reO

lating to the raising of Money by the LL *. namely-Metropolitan Board of Works; and for (

other purposes relating thereto - . , - J

Sections Three to Seven.

Section Eight, the first two paragraphs. . au . Sections Nine and Ten.

Section Eleven, the first three paragraphs.

Section Twelve, the first three paragraphs.

Section Thirteen, the first three and last paragraphs.

Sections Fourteen to Twenty-two.

The Schedule.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Prisons 1 . ‘ , ,

. inScotiand - . . - * - . .} m part; namely, -

Sections Seventeen to Twenty-three and Twenty-six.

Section Fifty-four, the last paragraph.

Section Sixty-one, the first two paragraphs.

Section Seventy-one, the paragraph defining "Prison" from " subject to this proviso " to end of that paragraph.

Section Seventy-two.

The Schedule.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to County I

Officers and to Courts of Quarter Sessions >in part; namely, — and Civil Bill Courts in Ireland - - J

Section Six.

Section Thirty-three, paragraph (e.).

Section Forty, paragraph (5.).

Section Fifty-nine from "The defendant may appeal" to "1851." i-Section Seventy-five to " hereby repealed, and ",

Section- Seventy-nine from " The power of making " to end ot that section.

171

40&41 Vict. c. 56. in part — cont. Section Eighty-three, the second paragraph to end of subsection (6.) except sub-section (3.) to " the fees " and the words " applied and accounted for " in the next paragraph. Section Eighty-six, the last paragraph, except so far as it relates to the recorder of the town of Belfast. Section Eighty-eight, the last paragraph. Schedule A.

c. 57. in part. An Act for the constitution of a Supreme"'] Court of Judicature, and for other pur- 1 . ... , poses relating to the better Administration j m ^ai * nam of Justice, in Ireland -J

c. 58. C. 61. Section Eighteen, the sixth paragraph from " This last provision " to end of that paragraph. Section Twenty-three, sub-section three. Section Forty-three, the proviso. Section Forty-nine. Section Seventy-two, the third paragraph.. Section Seventy-three, the second paragraph from "may with " to "seventy-nine, ana". Section Eighty-four, the second paragraph (to end of the sub-. sections) except sub-section (3.) to " the fees Section Eighty-five, the first three paragraphs. An Act to continue for One Year the Police (Expenses) Act, 1875. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Ser-

c. 63. in part. vice of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. An Act to amend the Building Societies Act, 1 . . , 1874 - - . . ip part; namely, — Section Three.

c. 64. in part. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in ~l Great Britain, and to repeal certain other I . p , Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes rm Par nam Y> connected therewith - J Sections One to Eight. The Schedules.

c.j66. in part. An Act to amend the Law with respect to') the Annual Returns of Local Taxation in 1 . , _ , England, and for other purposes relating fln Pal ' nam® y> to such Taxation - J

c. 67. 41 & 42 "Vict. c. 1. Section Four to " eight, and ". An Act to continue various expiring Laws. An Act to apply the Sum of Six million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first . day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.

c. 2. An Act to raise the Sum of Six million pounds by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills.

c. 6. c. 7. An Act to amend the Glebe Loan (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1875. An Act -to raise the Sum of One million pounds by Exchequer .. Bonds, for the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.

c. 9. An Act to apply certain Sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Years ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven, One thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight, and One thousand eight hundred and

c. 10. seventy-nine. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

41 &42 Vict. — cont.l c. 15. in part.

c. 16. in part.

c. 18. in pert.

c. 21.

c. 22.

* c. 26. in part.

e. 30. in part.

c. 35.

c. 36. c. 37. in part.

in part; namely,

An Act to grant certain Dut ies of Customs "J and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, I J and to amend the Laws relating to Cus- f I toms and Inland Revenue Section Two.

Section Three to "under the Customs Tariff Act, 1876," the words and figures " Segars - - the lb. 0 5 4 " and the

last paragraph.

Section Six from " and section one - to end of that section. Sections Seven to Eleven.

Section Thirteen, sub-section (3.).

Section Seventeen from " Provided " to end of that section. Section Eighteen.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law 1 . , _ ,

relating to Factories and Workshops - J in ^ar ' R Section Two from "Provided that " to end of that section. Section One hundred and three.

Section One hundred and seven, the proviso.

An Act the title of. which begins with the')

words,- — An Act to grant Money for pur- 1 ... . , , __

pose of Loans, — and ends with the words, ( '

— Public Works Loans Act, 1875 - Sections Two, Five, and Seven.

An Act to apply the Sum of Seven million five hundred thousand pounds out of the'Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

An Act to raise the Sum of One million five hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds, for the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

An Act the title of which begins with the^ words, — An Act- to amend the Law relating to the Registration of Voters, — awe? ends with the words,- — appeals from Revising Barristers Section Forty-two.

An Act to alter the time of electing Commissioners under the General Police and >in part; namely, — Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862 - J

Section Two.

Section Three, the last proviso.

An Act to extend for a further limited Period Section Thirty-four of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875.

An Act to continue for One Year the Police (Expenses) Act, 1875.

An Act to further amend the Acts .relating") to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto - - J

Sections Three and Four.

Section Five, the first two paragraphs.

Sections Six to Nine.

Section Ten, the first three paragraphs.

Section Eleven, the first three paragraphs.

Section Twelve, the first three and last paragraphs.

Sections Thirteen to Twenty-one.

The Schedule.

in part; namely,-

-J

in part; namely,-

173

41 & 42 Vict. — cont. c. 39. in part. An Act for the protection of Freshwater ] . . . Fish - . . /in Part 5 namel7) — Section Thirteen.

c. 45. An Act to apply the Sura of Fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Tear ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

c. 47. in part. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Elders'! Widows' Fund to apply the Capital of the ! . namPiv_ said Fund in aid of Income; and for other \ " - * purposes in relation thereto - - j Section One.

c. 48. An Act to amend the Law relating to Endowed Schools and Hospitals and other Endowed Institutions in Scotland; and for other purposes.

c. 49. in part. An Act to consolidate the Law relating to 1 . . . , Weights and Measures - J Pa 7> Section Eighty-six from " and all weights and measures which " in sub-section (4.) to end of that section.

c. 50. in part. An Act to amend the County of Hertford 1 . . , and Liberty of St. Alban Act, 1874 -/m Part ' namel7>-Sections Two and Six.

c. 51. in part. An Act to alter and amend the Law in re- gard to the Maintenance and Management >in part; namely, — of Loads and Bridges in Scotland - J Section Four, the last two paragraphs. Section Ninety-four to " cease to exist; and " Section One hundred and twenty-two.

c. 52. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts 1 . , . relating to Public Health in Ireland - j in Par * name Sections Two hundred and ninety one and Two hundred and ninety-four. Schedule A., the headnote, and the third column.

c. 53. in part. An Act to facilitate Improvements in the"! Organisation of the Admiralty and War I. . . Office by the retirement of Clerks from | 111 Part; namely, — , certain of the Civil Departments thereof -_J Sections One to Six, Ten, and Eleven.

c. 62. in part. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts,"] and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; >in part; namely, — and for other purposes connected therewith J Sections One to Eight; Section Nine, the last paragraph. The Schedules. Provided that the repeal shall take effect with respect to 19 & 20 Vict. c. lxiv. (mentioned in the Third Schedule) from the date mentioned for the continuation thereof.

c. 64. An Act to raise the Sum of Two million pounds by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills for the Service of the Year ending on the 31st day of March 1879.

c. 65. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

41 &42 Vict. — cont. c. 15. in part. An Act to grant certain Dulies of Customs "I and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, 1 . , and to amend the Laws relating to Cus- | in P r ' name )V toms and Inland Revenue - - J Section Two. Section Three to "under the Customs Tariff Act, 1876," the words and figures " Segars - - the lb. 0 5 4 " and the last paragraph. Section Six from " and section one " to end of that section. Sections Seven to Eleven. Section Thirteen, sub-section (3.). Section Seventeen from " Provided " to end of that section.

c. 16. in part. Section Eighteen. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law 1 . , , relating to Factories and Workshops - j 1 Pa Section Two from "Provided that " to end of that section. Section One hundred and three.

c. 18. in part. Section One hundred and seven, the proviso. An Act the title oj'which begins with the~\ words, — An Act to grant Money for pur- (. . t , .,. pose of Loans, — and ends with the words, * nam<i — Public Works Loans Act, 1875 -j

c. 21. Sections Two, Five, and Seven. An Act to apply the Sum of Seven million five hundred thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year

c. 22. ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine. An Act to raise the Sum of One million five hundred thousand

c. 26. in part. pounds by Exchequer Bonds, for the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine. An Act the title of which begins with iAe") words, — An Act- to amend the Law relating to the Registration of Voters, — and Vin part; namely, — ends with the words,- — appeals from Re- [ vising Barristers - Section Forty-two.

c. 30. in part. An Act to alter the time of electing Com- "| missioners under the General Police and >in part; namely, — Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862 - J Section Two.

c. 35. Section Three, the last proviso. 1 An Act to extend for a further limited Period Section Thirty-four of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875.

c. 36. c. 37. in part. An Act to continue for One Year the Police (Expenses) Act, 1875. An Act to further amend the Acts relating") to the raising of Money by the Metro- 1 . . , politan Board of Works; and for other jinP ' namey> purposes relating thereto - - J Sections Three and Four. Section Five, the first two paragraphs. Sections Six to Nine. Section Ten, the first three paragraphs. Section Eleven, the first three paragraphs. Section Twelve, the first three and last paragraphs. Sections Thirteen to Twenty-one. . The Schedule.

173

— 7

41 & 42 Vict. — cont. c. 39. in part. An Act for the protection of Freshwater 1 . . , Fish - /in part 5 namel7> — Section Thirteen.

c. 45. An Act to apply the Sura of Fourteen millions fire hundred thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

c. 47. in part. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Elders') Widows' Fund to apply the Capital of the ! . . namp]v_ said Fund in aid of Income; and for other \ P - ' purposes in relation thereto - - j Section One.

c. 48. An Act to amend the Law relating to Endowed Schools and Hospitals and other Endowed Institutions in Scotland; and for other purposes.

c. 49. in part. An Act to consolidate the Law relating toK namely,-Weights and Measures - J Section Eighty-six from " and all weights and measures which " in sub-section (4.) to end of that section.

c. 50. in part. An Act to amend the County of Hertford "1 - . , and Liberty of St. Alban Act, 1874 - /m part; namel^'" Sections Two and Six.

c. 51. in part. An Act to alter and amend the Law in re-") gardtothe Maintenance and Management >in part; namely, — of Hoads and Bridges in Scotland , - J Section Four, the last two paragraphs. Section Ninety-four to " cease to exist; and " Section One hundred and twenty-two.

c. 52. in part. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts 1 . , , relating to Public Health in Ireland - / in part; nameI7> — Sections Two hundred and ninety one and Two hundred and ninety-four. Schedule A., the headnote, and the third column.

c. 53. in part. An Act to facilitate Improvements in the') Organisation of the Admiralty and War !,. , . Office by the retirement of Clerks from r1U parfc ' namev> certain of the Civil Departments thereof - Sections One to Six, Ten, and Eleven.

c. 62. in part. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, ~) and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; >in part; namely, — and for other purposes connected therewith J Sections One to Eight; Section Nine, the last paragraph. The Schedules. Provided that the repeal shall take effect with respect to 19 & 20 Vict. c. lxiv. (mentioned in the Third Schedule) from the date mentioned for the continuation thereof.

c. 64. An Act to raise the Sum of Two million pounds by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills for the Service of the Year ending on the 31st day of March 1879.

c. 65. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

41&42 Vict. — cont.

c. 66. in part.

c. 67.

in part.

c. 69. in part.

c. 70. c. 72. in part.

c. 74. in part.

c. 77. in part.

c. 78. in part.

An Act to promote Intermediate Education 1 . . i

in Ireland - _ J m part, namely, —

Section Six, the last paragraph.

The Schedule.

An Act for extending and amending the 1 .

Foreign Jurisdiction Acts - . j in part j namely,-

Section Two.

First Schedule, the entry relating to 6 & 7 Vict. c. 34. Second Schedule.

Repealed as to all Her Majesty's Dominions.

An Act to amend the Law regulating the")

Office of Clerk of Petty Sessions, and the I . I.

Law relating to Fines, in Ireland; and ff namely-

for other purposes -J

Section Two to y repealed; and ".

Section Four to "repealed; and".

Section Ten to " instead thereof ".

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

An Act to prohibit the Sale of Intoxicating 1 .

Liquors on Sunday in Ireland - ui ?}w W, namely,-Section Four, the proviso.

An Act for making better provision respect-"!

ing Contagious and Infectious Diseases ( ____. _ ,

of Cattle and other Animals; and for ff Part; namel7»-other purposes - -J

Section Four, except the last paragraph.

‘ Section Thirty-five, paragraph (2.) from " and until " to end of that paragraph.

The First Schedule.

An Act to amend the Law relating to High- "j

ways in England and the Acts relating to I . , .

Locomotives on Roads; and for other >in Partj nameI7>~ purposes - -J

Section Nine, the fourth paragraph to " district fund, and " and the last paragraph.

Section Twelve.

An Act to further amend the Provisions of)

the Law of Scotland on the subject of I .

Education, and for other purposes con- ?in Par > name y,

nected therewith Section Fourteen.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

[25th August 1883.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act are to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three:$

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of such Acts, and of the enactments amending the same:

Ch. 40.

175

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1883.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1, This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, Short title. 1883.

2. The Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act, Continuance

i Acts ID

in so far as they are temporary in their duration, shall, to the schedule, extent in column two of the said schedule mentioned, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and any enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner.

SCHEDULE.

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts:

(1) 5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. Linen, Hempen, Cotton, and other Manufactures (Ireland). The whole. Act so far as it is not repealed. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 91. (except ss. 18 and 23j. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

(2) 3 & 4 Vict. o. 89. Poor Rates, Stock in Trade Exemption. . The whole Act. —

(3) 4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commissioners .(now Land Commis-' sioners). So much as relates to the' appointment of and the period for holding office by Land Commissioners and other officers. 14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 73. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38. s. 48.

m 4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. Application of Highway Bates to Turnpike Roads. The whole Act. —

H B£ 10 & 11 Vict. o. 32. Landed Property Improvement (Ireland). (6) 10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. As to powers of Commissioners. As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. 12 & 13 Vict. c. 59. 13 & 14 Vict. c. 31. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 29. 29 & 30 Vict. c. 40.

(7) 11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ireland). The whole Act. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

- 1 ' 14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Manage- ment. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 22 I 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. s. 10.

1.

Original Acts.

How far continued.

Amending Acts

(9)

23 & 24 Yicfc. c. 19. Dwellings for Labouring Glasses (Ireland).

(10)

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. Salmon Fishery (England) Act.

(11)

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. Promissory Notes.

(12)

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20v Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland).

(13)

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. Militia Ballots Suspension.

(14) .

28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. Locomotives on Roads.

(15)

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52. Prosecution Expenses.

(16)

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. Election Commissioners Expenses.

(17)

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56. Endowed Schools (Schemes).

(18)

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

(19)

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot).

(20)

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48. Regulation of Railways.

(21)

38 & 39 Vict. c. 48. Police Expenses.

(22)

38 & 39 Vict. c. 84. Returning Officers Expenses.

(23)

39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. Juries (Ireland).

(24)

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41. Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland).

(25)

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72. Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland).

(26)

43 Vict. c. 18. Parliamentary Elections.

The whole Act.

As to appointment of inspectors, s. 31.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

As to the powers of making schemes, and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners and additional secretary.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

The whole Act.. The whole Act.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 58.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.)

34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 87.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 40. (Municipal Elections.)

37 & 38 Vict. c. 40. (Part II.)

The whole Act. The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

1883.

\ Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. Ch. 41. J77

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1880, with respect to fishing vessels and apprenticeship to the sea fishing service and otherwise.

[25th August 1883.]

"O WHEREAS the enactments of the Merchant Shipping Acts,

» 1854 to 1880, with respect to fishing vessels, require amend-

ment, and it is desirable to make further provision for the encouragement and regulation of the fishing trade:$

And whereas it is expedient to amend the Acts relating to merchant shipping in certain particulars:$

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping (Fishing Title and con-

Boats) Act, 1883. fraction of the

This Act and the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1880, the Merchant Shipping (Colonial) Act, 1869, and the Merchant Shipping (Colonial Inquiries) Act, 1882, may be cited collectively as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1883, and shall be construed as though they formed ;one Act. This Act shall not apply to Scotland.

2. This Act shall be divided into two parts, the first part relating of

to fishing boats and the sea fishing service, and the second part to Act into parts, miscellaneous matters.

Paet I.

Fishing Boats and the Sea Fishimg Service.

3. Such portions of the first part of this Act as in any way Application of relate to indentures of apprenticeship to the sea fishing service or the first part of agreements with boys under sixteen years of age with respect to A?4'

o w o i' dennitiODS.

such service shall apply to all fishing vessels of twenty-five tons register tonnage and upwards; and such portions of the first part of this Act as in any way relate to discipline, or the settlement of disputes between a skipper or owner and a seaman, or to deaths, injuries, punishments, ill-treatment, and casualties, and section twenty-five shall apply to all fishing boats and to the whole fishing service. The remainder of the first part of the Act shall apply to trawlers of twenty-five tons register tonnage and upwards only, and to no other fishing boats.

The Board of Trade, by order under the hand of the President of the Board of Trade, to be published in the "London Gazette," may exempt any class of such trawler or trawlers belonging to any port from the whole or any portion of the said part of this Act from the date in such order mentioned, and may in like manner extend all or any of the provisions of the said part of this Act to any fishing boats in such order referred to, and may in like manner from time to time revoke, alter, or amend any order made by the Board as aforesaid. The Board of Trade may, before making any order under this section, institute such inquiry as in their opinion may be required for the purpose of enabling them to make such order by such person or persons as the President may appoint

Original Acts.

How far continued.

3.

Amending Acts

(9)

23 & 24 Vict. c. 19. Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland).

(10)

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. Salmon Fishery (England) Act.

m

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. Promissory Notes.

(12)

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20.. Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange (Ireland).

(13)

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. Militia Ballots Suspension.

(14) .

28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. Locomotives on Hoads.

(15)

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52. Prosecution Expenses.

(16)

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. Election Commissioners Expenses.

(17)

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56. Endowed Schools (Schemes).

(18)

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

(19)

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot).

(20)

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48. Regulation of Railways.

(21)

38 & 39 Vict. c. 48. Police Expenses.

(22)

38 & 39 Vict. c. 84. Returning Officers Expenses.

(23)

39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. Juries (Ireland).

(24)

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41. Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland).

(25)

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72. Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland).

(26)

43 Vict. c. 18. Parliamentary Elections.

The whole Act.

As to appointment of inspectors, s. 31.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

As to the powers of making schemes, and as to the payment of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners and additional secretary.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act. The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 58.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.)

34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 87.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 40. (Municipal Elections.)

37 & 38 Vict. c. (Part II.)

40.

1883.

\Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. Ch. 41. 177

CHAPTER 41.

-An Act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1880, with respect to fishing vessels and apprenticeship to the sea fishing service and otherwise.

[25th August 1883.]

WHEREAS the enactments of the Merchant Shipping Acts,

» 1854 to 1880, with respect to fishing vessels, require amend-

ment, and it is desirable to make further provision for the encouragement and regulation of the fishing trade:$

And whereas it is expedient to amend the Acts relating to merchant shipping in certain particulars : 7.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act may be cited as the Merchant Shipping (Fishing Title and con-

Boats) Act, 1883. rtruction of the

This Act and the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1880, the Merchant Shipping (Colonial) Act, 1869, and the Merchant Shipping (Colonial Inquiries) Act, 1882, may be cited collectively as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1883, and shall be construed as though they formed ;one Act. This Act shall not apply to Scotland.

2. This Act shall be divided into two parts, the first part relating of

to fishing boats and the sea fishing sei'vice, and the second part to Act into parts, miscellaneous matters. (

Part I.

Fishing Boats and the Sea Fishing Service.

3. Such portions of the first part of this -Act as in any way Application of relate to. indentures of apprenticeship to the sea fishing service or the first part of agreements with boys under sixteen years of age with respect to definition such service shall apply to all fishing vessels of twenty-five tons

register tonnage and -upwards; and such portions of the first part of this Act as in any way relate to discipline, or the settlement of disputes between a: skipper or owner and a seaman, or to deaths, injuries, punishments, ill-treatment, and casualties, and section twenty-five shall apply to all fishing boats and to the whole fishing service. The remainder of the first part of the Act shall apply to trawlers of twenty-five tons register tonnage and upwards only, and to no other fishing boats.

The Board of Trade, by order under the hand of the President of the Board of Trade, to be published in the "London Gazette," may exempt any class of such trawler or trawlers belonging to any port from the whole or any portion of the said part of this Act from the date in such order mentioned, and may in like manner extend all or any of the provisions of the said part of this Act to any fishing boats in such order referred to, and may in like manner from time to time revoke, alter, or amend any order made by the Board as aforesaid. The Board of Trade may, before making any order under this section, institute such inquiry as in their opinion may be required for the purpose of enabling them to make such order by such person or persons as the President may appoint

j^g Ch. 41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict

for the purpose, and the person or persons so appointed shall have power to take evidence on oath or otherwise, and shall have all the powers of an inspector appointed under the First Part of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

In this Act "fishing hoat" means a vessel for the time being employed in the sea fishing service, hut shall not include a boat used by its navigators for catching fish otherwise than for profit. The onus of establishing any exemption or exception under or in the said part of this Act shall be upon the person or persons claiming or asserting such exemption. The " second hand " of a fishing boat in this Act means the mate or person next to the skipper in authority or command on board of her.

The registered tonnage of a fishing boat registered under the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1883, and in the case of an unregistered fishing boat a certificate stating her register tonnage (ascertained according to the methods sanctioned by the said Acts for the ascertainment of a ship's register tonnage) and purporting to be given under the hand of a Board of Trade surveyor, shall be conclusive of the tonnage of such boat.

Apprenticeship to the Sea Fishing Service and Agreements with Boys wider Sixteen with respect to such Service. Apprenticeship 4-. All indentures of apprenticeship to the sea fishing service, and aCTeementsand agreements with boys under sixteen years of age with respect with boys under to such service, shall be entered into before a superintendent of 16 how to he a mercantile marine office, who, before allowing the same to be entere into, completed, shall satisfy himself that the indenture or agreement complies with all the requirements of this Act, and that the master to whom the boy is to be bound is a fit person for the purpose, and that the boy is not under thirteen years of age, and is of sufficient health and strength, and that the nearest relations of the boy or his guardian or guardians assent to the boy's being apprenticed (in the case where the boy is apprenticed), and to the stipulations in the indenture or agreement, and shall make and sign an endorsement that he is so satisfied on the indenture or agreement. Where the nearest relations or guardian or guardians cannot readily be found, or are not known, or if there are none, the superintendent shall act as guardian for the occasion and state in the said endorsement that he has so acted. The said endorsement shall be evidence of the facts therein stated, and the superintendent's signature or appointment as superintendent shall not require proof. All such indentures or agreements shall be in triplicate, one to be kept by the master, one by the boy, and one by the superintendent.

Indentures of gt All such indentures of apprenticeship or agreement as are in and agreements section four referred to shall be in the forms in the: second schedule to contain pro- to this Act set forth, and shall contain all the covenants, provisions, fortiTin second shipula-tions, and certificates set forth in the said forms in the second schedule, other-schedule, and also the endorsements on the forms i in the j said wise to he -void, schedule, and the directions therein shall be complied with.

Her Majesty may from time to time, on the recommendationlof the Board of Trade, by Order in Council annul, modify, or alter any of the said covenants, provisions, stipulations, or certificates, or make

3883. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. [Ch. 41. 179

new covenants, provisions, stipulations, or certificates in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, and any alterations or modifications in or additions to or substitutions for such covenants, provisions, stipulations, or certificates made in manner aforesaid shall be of the same force as the covenants, provisions, stipulations, and certificates in the said schedule.

6. No boy under the age of thirteen years shall enter into any Limits of age indenture of apprenticeship to the sea fishing service, or agreement pWed hiTea with respect to such service. Every indenture or agreement entered fishing, into contrary to this section shall be void.

7. Every person who receives any money or valuable considera- Penalty on

tion from the person to whom a bov is bound apprentice to the Persons receiv-V . mg money for

sea fashing service, or to whom a boy under sixteen years or age is binding

bound by any agreement with respect to the sea fishing service, apprentice.

or from anyone on his behalf, or from the boy or anyone on his

behalf, in consideration of the boy being so bound, and every person

who makes or causes to be made any such payment shall be guilty

of a misdemeanor, whether such boy was or was not validly bound

apprentice or was or was not validly bound by such agreement.

8. Every such indenture of apprenticeship or agreement as afore- indentures and said with respect to the sea fishing service not complying with the agreements provisions of this Act or not entered into before a superintendent tf°not° be of a mercantile marine office and endorsed by him as aforesaid, or entered into otherwise not made as by this Act required, shall be void, and the before a super' person to whom such indenture or agreement purported to bind the mercantile^ boy shall, if he takes or causes the boy to be taken to sea, be liable marine, to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds. Every person who takes or causes to be taken to sea for the purpose of serving in some capacity connected with the sea fishing service a boy not bound by an indenture or agreement as aforesaid, or purporting to be bound by an indenture or agreement which is void under this Act, shall, for every such offence, incur a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds. Nothing in this Act shall prevent the daily employment in a fishing boat of any boy- under sixteen years of age, who is under no obligation to' remain in such employment for a longer period than one day, and with whom no written agreement has been made.

9. The superintendent of a mercantile marine office at the port Penalty for from which a boy is taken to sea may, for the benefit of the boy, taking boy to if he thinks it just so to do; enforce by action or other appropriate Venture or legal proceedings brought or taken in his own name against the agreement, and master, all or any of the stipulations in a void indenture or agree- powers of ment which are in favour of the boy to such extent as he mav ?uPen"tendent

j , J in such case,

deem just, and may (so iar as necessary) apply any sums recovered

by him in payment of the costs of recovering the same, and if there

is no superintendent at such port, then the superintendent of the

nearest port shall have the same powers.

10. The superintendent of the mercantile marine office before Power of

whom an indenture of apprenticeship or agreement as aforesaid arinesuperin-with respect to the sea fishing service is completed, or his successor tendentsto may,-if "he thinks fit, by action or other appropriate legal pro- enforce inden-ceedifags, bfought or taken in his name, enforce on behalf of the boy agree'

against the master the stipulations in such indenture or agree-

ISO Ch. 41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

ment, and may (so far as necessary) apply any sums recovered by liim in payment of the costs of recovering the same, and the superintendent of a mercantile marine office referred to in the apprenticeship indentures and agreements entered into under this Act shall have and when necessary execute the powers and authority therein given to them.

Shipping mas- 11. All superintendents of mercantile marine offices shall when

ters to assist m applied to by any person desirous of entering into indentures of

binding appren- rr ,. r* , r ~ 6

tices and apprenticeship to the sea fishing service or agreements with respect

making agree- to such service under this Act, or desirous of causing the same to

b^undeTthe0 entered into, render such assistance as in their power in

control of the reference thereto, and supply forms of articles or agreements at

Board of Trade, such reasonable rates (if any) as the Board of Trade may fix and

may take from masters such fees (if any) as the said Board may fix

in respect of articles or agreements entered into before them.

All such indentures and agreements shall be exempt from stamp duty.

Superintendents of mercantile marine offices shall, in carrying out this Act be subject to the control of the Board of Trade, and shall obey any directions the Board of Trade may think fit to give to them.

Guardians and' 12. Guardians and overseers of the poor and persons having the the authority of guardians or overseers of the poor desirous of ap-ticeln confor°" prenticing boys to the sea-fishing service, shall not permit or cause mity with this articles of apprenticeship for that purpose to be entered into, except Act- in conformity with the provisions of this Act.

Agreements with Seamen.

be^made^hh0 13; The skipper of every fishing boat shall enter into an agree-scamen con- ment with every seaman (not being a boy under such an agreement taining certain as is by this Act required) whom he carries to sea from any port particu ars. in United Kingdom as one of his crew $ and every such agreement shall be in a form sanctioned by the Board of Trade, and shall be dated on the date of the first signature thereof, and shall be signed by the skipper before any seaman signs the same, and shall contain the following particulars as terms thereof, that is to say: —

1. The nature, and as far as practicable, the duration of the intended voyage or engagement:

2. The number and description of the crew:

3. The time at which each seaman is to be on board or to begin work:

4. The capacity in which each seaman is to serve:

5. The remuneration which each seaman is to receive, whether in wages or by a share in the catch, or in both ways, and the time from which each seaman's remuneration is to commence:$

G. A scale of the provisions which are to be furnished to each seaman:

7. Any regulations as to conduct on board, and as to fines, short allowance of provisions, or other lawful punishments for misconduct which have been sanctioned by the Board of Trade as regulations proper to be adopted, and which the parties agree to adopt:

181

1883. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. Ch. 41.

Anri every such agreement shall be so framed as to admit of stipulations, to be adopted at the will of the skipper and seaman in each case, as to advance and allotment of wages, and may contain any other stipulations which are not contrary to law.

14. The following rules shall he observed with respect to agree- Manner of H

ments (that is to say)j i

1. Every agreement made in the United Kingdom shall be signed by each seaman:

2. The skipper shall cause the agreement to be read over and explained to each seaman, or otherwise ascertain that each seaman understands the same before he signs it, and shall attest each signature:

3. When the crew is first engaged the agreement shall be signed in duplicate, and one part shall be sent by the skipper to the superintendent of the mercantile marine office at the port of departure and retained by him, and the other part shall contain a special place or form for the descriptions or signatures of substitutes, or persons engaged subsequently to the first departure of the fishing boat, and shall be retained by the skipper:

4. In the case of substitutes engaged in the place of seamen who have duly signed the agreement, and whose services are lost after the fishing boats putting to sea, by death, desertion, the failure of any seaman duly engaged to join, or other unforeseen cause, the skipper shall, before the fishing boat puts to sea, if practicable, and if not, as soon afterwards as possible, cause the agreement to be read over and explained to the seamen, and the seamen shall thereupon sign the same in the presence of the skipper who shall attest; their signatures.

15. The agreement with the seamen may be made by the owner Special agree-(or, in the case of there being several owners, the registered manag- me^sf"ay 1)6 ing owner) instead of by the skipper, and the seamen may be ^yeral fishing engaged to serve in any two or more vessels belonging to the same boats bfelong-owner, provided that the names of the vessels and the length and te°gtll^ns^ime nature of the service and the rate, periods, and method of payment owners'may are specified in the agreement, and with the foregoing exceptions, enter into

all provisions of this Act which relate to ordinary agreements for 13'

fishing boats shall be applicable to agreements made in pursuance skippers, of this section as if the owner were therein named instead of the skipper, and every person engaged thereunder shall be discharged in the manner by this Act required for the discharge of seamen belonging to fishing boats.

16. In the case of fishing boats making voyages averaging less Fishing'.boats than six months in duration, running agreements with the crew making short may be made to extend over two or more voyages or any number

of weeks, so that no such agreement shall extend beyond the next running agrec-following 30th day of June or 31st day of December, or the first ments. arrival of the fishing boat at her port of destination in the United Kingdom after such date or the discharge of cargo consequent upon such arrival; with the foregoing exception, all provisions of this Act which relate to ordinary agreements for fishing boats shall be applicable to agreements made in pursuance of this section, and every person engaged thereunder shall be discharged in the man-

182

Engagement and discharge of seamen pending a

Definition of " voyage fishing boat.

Reports of a fishing boat's crew on a voyage to be made.

Ch. 41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

ner by this Act required for the discharge of seamen belonging to fishing boats:-/

17. The-skipper of every fishing boat for which such a running agreement as aforesaid is made, shall, upon every return to a port in the -United Kingdom before the final termination of the agree-

running agree- ment, discharge or engage in accordance with the provisions of this Act any seaman whom he discharges or engages at such port, and shall upon every such return indorse on the agreement a statement (as the'case may be) either that no such discharges or engagements have been made or are intended to be made before the fishing boat again leaves port, or that all such discharges or engagements have been duly made as herein-before required, and shall sign the same. Any skipper who knowingly makes a false statement in such in-'dorsement shall ineur a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

18. In this Act a voyage of a fishing boat shall mean a fishing of a trip commencing with a departure from a port for the purpose of

fishing, and ending with the first return to a port thereafter upon the conclusion of the trip. A return due to distress only shall not be deemed to be a return if it is followed by a resumption of the trip. ' : 7s"i* v*.

19. The owners of every fishing boat shall within forty-eight hours of the fishing boat's departure from port on any voyage send or cause to be sent to the superintendent of the mercantile marine^ office at the port of departure a true report, in a form to be sanctioned by the Board of Trade, stating the names of the skipper, seamen, and apprentices who have gone to sea in her, and containing such other particulars as the said Board may require, and signed by. an owner or the registered managing owner. Where the sole or the registered managing owner or all the owners of a fishing boat goes or go to sea in her on the voyage, or the voyage commences at a port where there is no owner or registered managing owner, the said report may be made and signed on his or their behalf by his or their agent for that purpose.

For every non-compliance with the requirements of this section, each owner and the registered managing owner (if any) shall incur a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

20. If in any case a skipper carries to sea any seaman with whom no agreement has been entered into in the form and manner

igreement duly and at the place and time by this Act in such case required, the executed. skipper shall for each seaman so carried to sea incur a penalty

not exceeding five pounds. 1 /

21. The skipper of every fishing boat shall before finally leaving any port for sea during the continuance of a running agreement after the first making of the same, sign and send to the nearest superintendent of a mercantile marine office a full and accurate statement in a form sanctioned by the Board of Trade of every change which has taken place in his crew, and in default shall for each offence incur a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and such statement shall be evidence of the matters therein stated pursuant to this section.

22. Every erasure, interlineation, or alteration in any such agreement as is required by this Act (except additions so made as herein-before directed for shipping substitutes or persons engaged

I'eralty. for shipping seamen without

Changes in crew to be reported.

Alteration s,&c. in agreements to be void unless attested.

183

1883. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. Ch. 41.

subsequently to the first departure of the fishing boat) shall be wholly inoperative unless proved to have been made with the consent of all the persons interested in such erasure, interlineation, or alteration.

23. Every skipper who fraudulently alters or is privy to the Penalty for fraudulent altering or makes or is privy to the making of any *"*"%*?§ false entry in, or delivers or is privy to the delivering of a false copy of copy of, any such agreement as is required by this Act, shall for agreement, each such offence incur a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

Wages and Discharge of Seamen.

24. Every owner or skipper shall, not less than four hours before Skipper to paying off or discharging any seaman, unless the seaman gives founts of notice to the skipper that he does not require it, deliver to him a wages, full and true account in a form sanctioned by the Board of Trade

of his wages (not being a share in the catch), and of all deductions to be made therefrom on any account whatever, and in default shall for each offence incur a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and no deduction from the wages of any seaman (except in regard of matters happening after such delivery) shall be allowed unless it is included in the account so delivered.

25. Where any seaman is under the agreement to be paid by a Seamen to have share in the catch, and any dispute arises as to his share, such sea- o^nePsTc-man shall be entitled to inspect at all reasonable times the own'er's counts and accounts and books relating to such catch, and if any owner refuses

or'neglects to submit such accounts or books to such seaman's inspection upon demand made at a reasonable time he shall for each offence incur a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

26. Upon the discharge of any seaman, or upon payment of Skipper to give his wages, the skipper shall sign and deliver to him a certificate cate^f dis-^&~ of his discharge, in a form sanctioned by the Board of Trade, charge, specifying the period of his service, and the time and place of his discharge, and if any skipper fails to sign and deliver to any such

seaman such certificate of discharge, he shall for each such offence incur a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

27. Every seaman who has signed an agreement and is dis- Seamen dis-

m v O O i -I * 11.

charged before the commencement of the voyage, or at any time outfeultto dfiring the voyage or engagement without fault on his part justify- recover coming the discharge, and without his consent, shall be entitled to pensation in recover in addition to an amount of wages proportionate to the ""ner time he has served sufficient compensation for the damage thereby caused to him in the same manner as wages would be recoverable by him.

Discipline.

28. Whenever any seaman who has been lawfully engaged to Offences of

serve on any fishing boat, or any apprentice to the sea fishing service Rearaen an^ commits any of the following offences, he shall be liable to be and their^' punished summarily as follows: — punishment.

(1.) For desertion he shall be liable to forfeit all or any part of Desertion, the clothes and effects he leaves on board, and all or any part

, of the wages or emoluments which he has then earned, and to satisfy any excess of wages paid by the skipper or owner of the fishing boat from which he deserts to any substitute

184

Ch. 41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

Neglect or refusal to join or proceed to sea, and absence without leave.

Quilting boat before it is in security.

Disobedience and neglect of duty.

Continuous disobedience or neglect of duty.

Assaults.

Combinations to disobey or neglect duly.

Damage toboat or stores or cargo and embezzlement.

Smuggling.

engaged in his place at a higher rate of wages than the rate stipulated to he paid to him.

(2.) For neglecting or refusing without reasonable cause to join his fishing boat, or to proceed to sea in his fishing boat, or for absence without leave at any time within twenty-four hours of the boat's sailing from any port, either at the commencement or during the progress of the engagement or for absence at any time without leave and without sufficient reason from his boat, not amounting to desertion, or not treated as such by the skipper, he shall be liable to forfeit a sum not exceeding the amount of two days pay, and in addition for every twenty-four hours of absence either a sum not exceeding four days pay, or any expenses which have been properly incurred in respect of a substitute.

(3.) For quitting the boat without leave after her arrival in port, and before she is placed in security, he shall be liable to forfeit a sum not exceeding two weeks pay.

(4.) For wilful disobedience to any lawful command during the engagement he shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding four weeks, with or without hard labour, and also at the discretion of the court to forfeit a sum not exceeding two days

pay-

(5.) For continued wilful disobedience to lawful commands during the engagement or continued wilful omission to do his duty during the engagement he shall be liable to imprisonment for any period not exceeding twelve weeks, with or without hard labour, and also at the discretion of the court to forfeit for every twenty-four hours continuance of such disobedience or omission, either a sum not exceeding six days pay, or any expenses which have been properly incurred in respect of a substitute.

(6.) For assaulting any skipper or second hand he shall be liable to imprisonment for any period not exceeding twelve weeks, with or without hard labour.

(7.) For combining with any other or others of the crew to disobey lawful commands, or to neglect duty, or to impede the navigation of the boat, or the progress of the trip, he shall be liable to imprisonment for any period not exceeding twelve weeks with or without hard labour.

(8.) For wilfully damaging the boat or embezzling or wilfully damaging any of her stores or cargo he shall be liable to forfeit a sum equal in amount to the loss thereby sustained, and also, at the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for any period not exceeding twelve weeks, with or without hard labour.

(9.) For any act of smuggling of which he is convicted and whereby loss or damage is caused to the skipper or owner, he shall be liable to forfeit such a sum as is sufficient to reimburse the master or owner for such loss or damage.

The court (before which the offender is prosecuted) may order any sums of money which a seaman or apprentice has forfeited under this section to be deducted from any wages coming to him in respect of service as a seaman or apprentice, and (if they think fit) that the forfeiture shall be for the benefit of the person by whom the wages

185

1883. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. Ch. 41.1

are payable, or the person who has been injured by the commission of the offence in respect whereof the forfeiture accrued.

In the case of apprentices and boys serving under such an agreement as is by this Act required, paragraphs (4), (5), (6), and (7) of this section shall apply to them when ashore as well as when on board. Refusing or neglecting to go to sea or desertion shall in no way relieve a seaman or apprentice from any punishment he may have incurred under paragraphs (4), (5), or (7) of this section, but in addition to any such punishment, he may be punished for an offence or offences under paragraphs (1) and (2) thereof, or either of them.

29. Any question concerning the forfeiture of sums which may Questions of be deducted from the wages of any seaman or apprentice, or con- ^cidedin^ cerning deductions therefrom, may be determined in any proceeding suits for wages, lawfully instituted with respect to such wages, and may be so determined notwithstanding that the offence in respect of which

such question arises, though made punishable by imprisonment as well as forfeiture, has not been made the subject of any criminal proceeding.

30. All clothes, effects, wages, and emoluments, which are for- How things feited for desertion, shall be applied in the first place towards the ^dTsposedofT reimbursement of the expenses occasioned by such desertion to the

skipper or owner of the fishing boat from which the desertion has taken place, and in any legal proceedings relating to such wages the court may order the same to be applied accordingly, and may order the things forfeited to be sold in cases where the things forfeited do not consist of money, and the proceeds of such sale shall be applied in manner aforesaid.

Subject to such reimbursement and to the provisions of this Act the things forfeited or the proceeds thereof (as the case may be) and all forfeitures under this Act shall be paid into the receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer in such manner as the Commissioners of the *

Treasury may direct, and shall be carried to and form part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

31. Whenever any seaman or apprentice is brought before any Deserters and court on the ground of his having neglected or refused to join or others may be to proceed to sea in any fishing boat in which he has engaged to their bosrt&° serve, or of having deserted or otherwise absented himself therefrom without leave, the court may at the request of the owner or

skipper or his agent, in addition to or in lieu of imposing any punishment he may have incurred, cause him to be conveyed on board for the purpose of fulfilling his engagement or deliver him to the skipper to be so conveyed by him, and may order any costs or expenses properly incurred to be paid by the offender, and if necessary to be deducted from any wages which he has then earned, or which he may thereafter earn under the engagement aforesaid.

32. The superintendent of a mercantile marine office, or the How seamen principal Board of Trade officer at a port or district, and their res- ^°^rtiT>rentices pective deputies may, upon the information (made, if such superin- neglecting or tendent, principal officer, or deputy so requires, on oath or affirmation refusing to join according to law,) of the owner, skipper, second hand, or agent of a s^orTbifent fishing boat issue a warrant under his hand in such form as shall without leave, be sanctioned by the Board of Trade for the apprehension of any or guilt7 of

186

disobedience or neglect of duty, may be dealt

Notice by sea-, man thnt he intends to absent himself

Ch. 41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing'Boats) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

seaman or apprentice charged with an offence under paragraphs

(1), (2), (4), (5), and (7) of section twenty-eight of this Act, or any of them. Such warrant shall be executed by any police officer or constable of the county or borough where the offender may be, and shall continue valid for ninety-six hours from the time indorsed on the same by the person granting the same.

The seaman or apprentice when apprehended shall be brought by such police officer or constable without delay before the persons above named or one of them, who shall make inquiry then and there into the reasons alleged by the seaman or apprentice for doing the acts, or omitting to do the acts, of which he is accused, and should they seem to him to be insufficient the seaman or apprentice shall be ordered to join his fishing boat and resume his duty. On his refusal to comply the person apprehended shall be ordered by the superintendent, principal officer, or deputy aforesaid to be detained and taken with convenient speed before such justices as have jurisdiction to hear and determine the charge brought against him, and upon which he was apprehended, in order that they may proceed with reference to the said charge, and hear and determine the same in due course of law. Should the reason alleged by the seaman or apprentice seem sufficient to the person aforesaid, he shall forthwith discharge him. No charge or information made or laid before such superintendent, or principal officer, or deputies need be reduced to writing, and such superintendent, principal officer, or deputies may take the evidence on oath or affirmation according to law (if they deem it desirable) of such persons other than the seaman or apprentice as may be able and willing to give information concerning the matters in question, and for that purpose shall have all the powers given by the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1883, to an inspector appointed under the first part of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

Any warrant issued as aforesaid shall be good and effectual in law if in the form aforesaid, and filled in reasonably in accordance with the directions in such form contained.

No person shall be liable to an action for anything done pursuant to such warrant aforesaid or under the order of such superintendent principal officer or their deputies aforesaid.

Such a warrant as is above mentioned shall not be avoided by reason of the person issuing the same dying or ceasing to hold office.

Whenever any seaman or apprentice engaged or liable to serve on any fishing boat neglects, or refuses to join, or deserts from, or refuses to proceed to sea in, or absents himself without leave from such fishing boat, the skipper, owner, or boat's husband may, with dr without the assistance of the local police officers and constables (who are to give their assistance in such cases when required to do so by the master, owner, or boat's husband) take and convey such seaman or apprentice before such superintendent, principal officer or deputy as aforesaid, and thereupon such seaman or apprentice shall be dealt with as if he had been arrested under a warrant issued under this section.

33. If a seaman (not being a boy who has entered into such an agreement as is by this Act required) intends to absent himself from his fishing boat or his duty, he may give notice of his intention

1883. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. Ch. 41. 187

either to the owner or skipper of the boat not less than forty-eight from his ship hours before the time at which he ought to be on board his fishing e0^ect boat, and if such notice is duly given he shall not be compelled to go or be brought on board for the purpose of proceeding with the voyage or engagement: Provided always, that no such notice shall be given at a time when the seaman is at sea.

34. Seamen's and apprentices wages shall be deemed to accrue How wages are

from day to day. , JSS.*

When wages are contracted for by the voyage or trip or the season or by the share, and not by a stated period of time, the amount which shall be deemed to accrue from day to day shall be an amount equal to the wages for the whole voyage or trip or season, or the whole share divided by the number of days occupied in the voyage or trip or season: Provided always, that a seaman or apprentice shall not be entitled to more than what his share of the profits or catch made during the period he has actually served may or would have amounted to. Forfeiture of

If the whole time spent in the voyage or trip does not exceed the whole if voy-period for which the pay is to be forfeited by the seaman or gfortertffan apprentice the forfeiture shall extend to the whole wages or share, period of

35. Whenever a question whether the wages or emoluments of forfeiture, any seaman or apprentice are forfeited for desertion arises, it shall pro^g^ser-be sufficient for the party insisting on the forfeiture to show that

tion so far as

such seaman or apprentice was duly engaged under this Act, and concerns for-that he belonged to the fishing boat from which he is alleged to of

have deserted, and that he quitted such boat before the completion of the voyage or engagement; and thereupon such desertion shall, so far as relates to any forfeiture of wages or emoluments for desertion, be deemed to be proved unless the seaman or apprentice can produce a proper certificate of discharge, or can otherwise show to the satisfaction of the court that he did not desert.

Certificates to Shippers and Second Hands.

36. Whereas persons desirous of acting as masters or skippers Certificates for or as mates or second hands of fishing boats or of a particular class fishing^boats of fishing boats have obtained from the Board of Trade certificates ^ntecTto be to the effect that they are competent to act as master or skipper or deemed to have as mate or second hand of fishing boats or of a particular class of been graced fishing boats, be it enacted that all such certificates as aforesaid &r18 Vio, heretofore issued by the Board of Trade shall be deemed to have c. 104., Part been granted under the Third Part Of the Merchant Shipping Act, n1,

1854.

37. The Board of Trade may issue certificates under section one Power of Board hundred and thirty-four of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, to the ?^r^e^to effect that the holder thereof is competent to act as skipper or as cates for figj",;ng second hand of fishing boats or of a particular class of fishing boats boats.

in every case according to the report made by the local examiners with reference to the applicant for a certificate, and according as the Board of Trade may from time to time prescribe in any rules made by them under the one hundred and thirty-second section of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854: Provided that no skipper's certificate shall be granted to any one who has not previously held a certificate as second hand for at least twelve months.

Ch. 41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

Availability of certificates referred to in this Act.

Provisions in the Merchant Shipping Acts to apply to certificates referred to in this Act.

Certificates df service to be given to certain skippers of fishing boats.

38. Every such certificate as in this Act referred to shall only entitle the person to whom it is given to be an officer of the class of fishing boats referred to in the certificate and none other, and of the grade therein named, or of a lower grade and of none other.

39. All the provisions contained in the Acts relating to merchant shipping, with respect to or connected with the examination of applicants for certificates and the granting thereof, and the suspension and cancellation thereof, and inquiries and investigations into the conduct of the holders thereof, and all other provisions whatsoever in the said Acts relating to or connected with certificates of masters or mates, shall be deemed to have applied and shall apply to the certificates referred to in this Act and the holders thereof as if such certificates had been granted under the Third Part of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the holders thereof shall be entitled and subject to such privileges and liabilities as they would be entitled or subjected to if such certificates had been granted under the Third Part of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

40. Certificates of service differing in form from certificates of competency shall be granted by the Board of Trade as follows: —

Every person who has before the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three served as skipper or second hand in fishing boats to which this part of this Act applies or is applied, or such other fishing boats as the Board of Trade may think have afforded the person sufficient experience, for a period amounting in all to not less than twelve months, shall be entitled to a certificate of service as skipper or second hand (as the case may be) of a fishing boat: Provided that if he has been exclusively employed in a particular class or classes of such fishing boats the certificate shall be limited to such class or classes of fishing boats.

Every such certificate of service shall contain particulars of the name, place, and time of birth, and of the length and nature of the previous service of the person to whom the same is given, and the Board of Trade shall deliver such certificate of service to a person entitled thereto upon his proving to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade that he has served as aforesaid, and has been generally well conducted on board of the boats on which he has served as aforesaid. Board of Trade 41. The Board of .Trade may establish a register of skippers

may establish a second hands certificated as in this Act referred to, to be kept

certificates. by such person as the Board of Trade shall direct, and to be in such form and to contain such particulars as the Board of Trade Copy or extract may from time to time direct. A copy of or extract from the said from register or register or the register of British shipping at any port or of fishing shipping at any boats at any port purporting to be certified by the person having the port to be custody thereof) or his deputy or assistant, shall be legal evidence of the matters therein stated; a certificate purporting to be given under the hand of one of the persons aforesaid to the effect that the person or matter therein named has not been registered in the register therein mentioned shall be evidence of the non-registration thereof, and where the question to be determined is whether the person named has been certificated as in this Act referred to as a skipper or second hand of his not being so certificated.

A certified copy or extract or certificate as aforesaid shall be supplied to any person applying at a reasonable time for the same

1883. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. Ch. 41. lb9

upon payment of such fee as the Board of Trade may from time to time determine.

42. After the first day of January one thousand eight hundred No fishing boat and eighty-four no fishing boat shall go to sea from any port in

the United Kingdom unless the skipper thereof is the holder of a duVcertifi-certificate of competency or service entitling him under this Act to cated skipper, act as skipper of such fishing boat. so doin^7 for

If any fishing boat goes to sea contrary to this section the owner thereof shall incur for each such offence a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds. Every person who, having been engaged to serve as skipper of a fishing boat, and not being the holder of a certificate entitling him under this Act to act as skipper of such boat, serves as such skipper (except in case of necessity), and every person who employs any person as skipper of a fishing boat (except in case of necessity) without having ascertained that he is the holder of a certificate entitling him under this Act to act in such capacity as aforesaid, shall for each such offence incur a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

Enactments relating to Deaths, Injuries, Punishments,

Ill-treatment, and Casualties.

43. The skipper of a fishing boat shall keep in such form as may Skipper of fish-be sanctioned by the Board of Trade a record of every case of death, record^ases of injury, ill-treatment, or punishment which may occur with respect death, injury, to any member of his boat's crew during the time they are at sea or or ill-treatment, to any person on board of his boat, and of every casualty to his

fishing boat or any boat belonging to her. Such record shall contain such particulars in relation to the above cases as the Board of Trade shall require. The skipper shall produce the record kept by him to any superintendent of a mercantile marine office whenever he requires its production, and shall also send the same to the superintendent of the mercantile marine office at the port to which the boat belongs at such periods as the Board of Trade may require by any directions endorsed in the forms sanctioned by them.

A master who does not comply with any one of the requirements of this section shall for each case of non-compliance forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

44. The skipper of every fishing boat shall make a report in a Skippers to form sanctioned by the Board of Trade, stating whether any and

what cases of death, injury, ill-treatment, or punishment have deaths,injuries, occurred with respect to any member of his boat's crew during the ill-treatment, time they were at sea or to any person on board of his boat, and and-casuahies whether any and what casualties to his fishing boat or any boat belonging to her have occurred, and such other particulars in relation to the matters aforesaid as may be prescribed in the forms to be sanctioned by the Board of Trade.

The above reports shall be made to the superintendent of the mercantile marine office of the port in the United Kingdom at which the boat's voyage ends within twenty-four hours of the boat's arrival in such port.

Every skipper who makes any default in complying with the requirements of this section shall incur a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

190

Ch. 41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

Inquiry into 45. Whenever any such case of death, injury, ill-treatment, or cause of death, punishment, or any such casualty as is in the preceding two sections treatment," referred to, has happened or is supposed to have happened, the punishment, or superintendent of the mercantile marine office at or nearest to the casualty. port where the fishing boat arrives after the happening thereof, or where the boat belongs, may inquire into the particulars and cause of the death, injury, ill-treatment, punishment, or casualty, and may, in cases where a report as aforesaid is delivered to him, make an indorsement thereon to the effect either that the statement relating to the death, injury, ill-treatment, punishment, or casualty therein contained is in his opinion true or otherwise, or to such effect as in his opinion the information in his possession may warrant; and every such superintendent shall, for the purpose of such inquiry, have all the powers given by the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1883, to inspectors appointed by the Board of Trade under the first part of the Merchant Shipping Act; 1854; and if in the course of such inquiry it appears to the superintendent that any such death, injury, ill-treatment, punishment, or casualty as aforesaid has been caused by or is accompanied by violence or the use of any improper means, he shall report the matter to the Board of Trade, and shall also, if the emergency of the case in his opinion so requires, take immediate steps for bringing the offender or offenders to justice, and may, if in his discretion he thinks it necessary, cause the offender or offenders to be arrested and thereafter dealt with in due course of law.

Disputes between Skippers or Owners and Seamen. Superintendent 43. Every superintendent of a mercantile marine office shall marine office to inquire into, hear, and decide any dispute between a skipper or decide disputes owner of a fishing boat and a seaman of a fishing boat as to a nfn and"611" seamans wages, or share of the profits of the voyage or trip, or

owners and share of a fishing catch, or deductions therefrom, or concerning

masters. a seaman's engagement, service, or discharge, which either the seaman, owner, or skipper shall call upon him to decide, and his decision thereon shall be final and binding upon all persons, and shall, at the request of either party, be put into writing, and shall,

when so put into writing, if it purports to be signed by him, be

receivable as evidence of the decision and any facts therein stated in all legal proceedings whatsoever. Such decision may be enforced by any justice of the peace within whose jurisdiction the person against whom the decision is given has any goods, or may be, in the same manner as if such decision were an order made by justices in the exercise of their summary jurisdiction. A seaman may also sue for and recover any sum by such decision adjudged to be due to him in the manner in which he may sue: for and recover wages due to him.

Master and 47. In every case where any dispute is referred to a superin-duce'^docu'1'0" Pendent i| a mercantile marine office under this Act, he may call ments to upon the owner of a fishing boat or his agent, or upon the skipper superintendent or any member of the crew of a fishing boat, or upon any other marine office Person> % produce any books, papers, or documents in their and to gi?e respective possession or power relating to any matter in question

evidence. before him, and may summon before him and examine ,on oath or

1883. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats)[Act, 1888. Ch. 41. 191

affirmation according to law any of such persons being then in or near the port where his office is; and every owner, agent, skipper, member of the crew, or other person who when called upon by such Superintendent does not produce any such log-book, paper, or document as aforesaid which is in his possession or power, or does not appear, or refuses or neglects to give evidence, shall, unless he shows some reasonable excuse for such default, for each such offence incur a penalty not exceeding five pounds. For purposes connected with such dispute the superintendent shall have in addition to the powers aforesaid all the powers given by the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1883, to an inspector appointed by the Board of Trade under the first part of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

Part II.

Miscellaneous.

48. The sanitary authority within whose district any seaport Seamen's town is situate may, with the sanction of the President of the lodg'iDg houses- Board of Trade, from time to time make, revoke, alter, and amend byelaws and regulations relating to seamen's lodging houses in such town which shall be binding upon all persons and bodies keeping houses in which seamen are lodged and the owners thereof and persons employed therein. Such byelaws and regulations shall amongst other things provide for the licensing of seamen's lodging houses, the inspection of the same, the sanitary conditions of the same, the publication of the factrof a house being licensed, the due execution of the byelaws and regulations and the non-obstruction .of .persons engaged in securing such execution, the preventing of persons not duly licensed holding themselves out as keeping or purporting to keep licensed houses, and the exclusion from licensed houses of persons of improper i character, and sufficient penalties for the;breach of such byelaws and regulations not exceeding in any case the sum of fifty pounds. All offences under such byelaws and regulations shall be deemed' to be offences within the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to^ 1883, and be punishable accordingly. Such byelaws and regulations, shall come into force from a date therein named, and;shall be published in the London Gazette '' and one newspaper at the least circulating; in such town, to be designated by the President of the Board of Trade.

. If the sanitary authority do mot within a time to be from time to time named by the President of the Board of Trade make, revoke,; alter, or amend byelaws and regulations, the President of the Board of Trade may do so.

, The " sanitary authority " means in England the local authority under the Public Health Act, 1875, and in the metropolis as defined by the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, the Metropolitan Board of Works, and in Scotland the local authority under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1.867, and in Ireland the sanitary authority under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

..Whenever Her Majesty by Order in Council, to be published in the "London Gazette," shall think fit to order that in any seaport town or any: part thereof none .but persons duly licensed under byelaws and.'regulations to be made under this section shall keep

192

Declaration of the meaning of 17 & 18 Vict . 104. s. 109.

Incorporation of Part I. of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.

Legal proceedings in cases of offences.

Fishing tenders to be trawlers.

Vessels engaged in certain fisheries to be deemed to be foreign-going ships

17 & 18 Vict. c. 101. p 243 and s. 35 of this Act not to take away remedy for breach of contract.

Repeal of enactments, and saving.

Ch. 41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

seamen's lodging-houses or let lodgings to seamen from a date therein named, any person acting in contravention of such order shall be guilty of an offence, and shall forfeit a sum not exceeding one hundred pounds. Such offence shall he deemed to be an offence within the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1883, and be punishable accordingly.

Her Majesty may, by Order in Council, to be published in like manner, from time to time revoke, alter, or amend any such order as aforesaid.

A sanitary authority may defray all expenses incurred by it in the execution of this section out of any funds at its disposal as the sanitary authority of the seaport town, and penalties recovered under the byelaws and regulations or this section shall be added to such funds.

Any byelaws heretofore made for any seaport town under section nine of the Merchant Seamen (Payment of Wages and Rating) Act, 1880, shall continue in force until byelaws and regulations made for such town under this section come into force.

49. An unregistered British ship (which ought to be registered under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854) shall for the purposes of section one hundred and nine of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, be deemed to have been registered in the United Kingdom.

50. The first part of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, is to be deemed to be incorporated with this Act, and shall be applicable to the provisions thereof.

51. For the purpose of jurisdiction, punishment, and legal proceedings and procedure, all offences under this Act shall be deemed to be offences under the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1883, and every of them.

52. Vessels employed as tenders or carriers to fishing boats or for the purpose of collecting and conveying to the land the catch of fishing boats, shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be trawlers.

53. Ships engaged in the whale, seal, walrus, or Newfoundland cod fisheries shall be deemed to be foreign-going ships within the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1883, and not fishing vessels: Provided that the ships engaged in the Newfoundland cod fisheries do not belong to ports in Canada or Newfoundland.

54. Nothing in the two hundred and forty-third section of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, or in section twenty-eight of this Act shall be deemed to have taken away or to limit any remedy by action or by summary procedure before justices which an owner or master would have but for the said sections for any breach of contract in respect of the matters constituting an offence under the said sections, but no owner or master shall be compensated more than once in respect of the same damage.

55. The enactments in the First Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent therein specified.

No repeal effected by this section shall in any manner whatsoever affect any right accrued, liability, forfeiture, or penalty incurred, any offence committed, or anything done or omitted to be done before the passing of this Act, nor any legal proceedings commenced or hereafter to be commenced with respect to such right,

193

1883. Merchant Shipping (.Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. Ch. 41.

liability, forfeiture, penalty, offence, or thing done or omitted to be done. The repeal effected by this section shall not repeal any enactment so far as the same extends to Scotland.

EIKST SCHEDULE.*

Enactments Repealed. Section 55.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104. Merchant Shipping Act, 1854. Sections 141, 142, 143, 144, 149, 163, 164, 166, 167, 171, 172, 173,174, 243, 269. So far as these sections are applicable to fishing boats. In section 280 the words " (except ships employed exclusively in trading between ports on the coasts of the United Kingdom)."

25 & 26 Vict. c. 63. - The Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment Act, 1862. Section 13, paragraph (1).

36 & 37 Vict. c. 85. - The Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment Act, 1873. Section 8.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 16. - Merchant Seamen (Payment of Wages and Rating) Act, 1880. Section 9. Section 10 so far as this section is applicable to fishing boats.

50 Geo. 3. c. 108. - - That part of the Act remaining unrepealed.

* This schedule must be amended if the substituted enactments are not carried.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Apprenticeship Indenture. Sections.

SEA FISHING SERVICE.

This Indenture, made_______day of__________18______, between

__________aged______years, a native of__________,

in the county of_______ (herein-after called the " Apprentice,") of the first

part, and of__________ , in the county

of__________Owner of not less than eight sixty-fourth shares in (or Skipper

(1) of) the Fishing Boat__________of__________

herein-after called the " Master," of the second part, WITNESSETH, That the said " Apprentice " hereby voluntarily binds himself Apprentice unto the said Master, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (which said Master, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, are herein-after included in the term " Master ") for the term of____.years from the date hereof.

(1.) And the said Apprentice hereby covenants and agrees that during such time, he, the said Apprentice, will faithfully serve his said Master, and obey his lawful commands, and keep his secrets, and will, when required, give to him true accounts of his goods and money which may be committed to the charge, or come into the hands, of the said Apprentice; and will, in case the said Apprentice enters Her Majesty's Service during the said.' term, duly account for and pay, or cause to

(2) be paid, to his said Master, all such Wages, Prize Money, and other Moneys as may

become payable to the said Apprentice for such service; and that the said Apprentice will not, during the said term, do any damage to his said Master, nor will he consent to any such damage being done by others, but will, if possible, prevent

S'S §

Q>

194 Ch. 41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

the same, and give warning thereof; and will not embezzle or waste the Goods of his Master, nor give or lend the same to others without his licence; nor absent himself from his service without leave; nor frequent Taverns or Alehouses, unless upon his Master's business.

I (2.) In consideration whereof, the said Master hereby covenants

and agrees with the said Apprentice, that he, the said Master, will and shall during the said term use all proper means to teach the said Apprentice or cause him to be taught the business of a Seaman and Fisherman,

(3) and will and shall provide the said Apprentice with sufficient Meat, Drink, Lodging, Washing, Medicine, and Medical and Surgical Assistance, Seabedding, Wearing Apparel, and Necessaries, and will and shall at the times and in the manner herein-after mentioned, pay to or on account of the said Apprentice the Spending-Money, Remuneration, and Payments referred to in the Endorsement marked A on the back hereof.

(3.) And it is hereby agreed, that all wearing apparel provided by the said Master for the use of the said Apprentice shall, during the said term, remain the property of the said Master, provided, however, that the

(4) said Apprentice shall, during such term, have full and undisputed right and title to the free and unfettered use thereof at all times for his own sole personal use and wear, but shall, prior to the expiration of the said term, acquire no right or title thereto for the purpose of selling, pledging, or otherwise disposing thereof; at the expiration of the apprenticeship the apparel shall become the apprentice's property.

-§ (4.) And it is hereby further agreed, that the said Master shall not,

during the said term, pay to the said Apprentice any wages or moneys wherewith to provide board and lodging for himself, but shall and will provide (5) him with suitable and sufficient board and lodging to the satisfaction of the Superintendent of the Mercantile Marine Office at the port where the apprentice stays when on shore, or if there is not a superintendent at that port the superintendent at the next port thereto.

(5.) And it is hereby further agreed that all moneys to which the said Apprentice shall become entitled as Spending-Money shall be paid by the said Master, as they become due into the hands of the said ApprenticeProvided, however, that if the said Apprentice shall, through misconduct, have in the opinion of the said Superintendent forfeited his right to receive the same, the said moneys shall be paid to the said Superintendent, to be by him placed to the credit of the said Apprentice in the Seamen's Savings Bank; and that the' Remuneration and Payments, as well as any Share of Salvage earned by the Vessel in which the Apprentice may be employed at the time such salvage is earned, referred to in the Endorsement marked A. on the back hereof, to which the said Apprentice shall become entitled, shall be forthwith paid by the said Master to the said Superintendent, and by him placed to the credit of the said Apprentice in the Seamen's Savings Bank, there to remain until the expiration or sooner determination of the term of Apprenticeship, subject nevertheless, to the deduction of any fine or forfeiture inflicted by a competent Court upon the said Apprentice, and of any fees paid by the said Master to the Mercantile Marine Office in respect of the said Apprentice:

(6.) And it is hereby further agreed and understood that the said Apprentice shall not be required to serve in any Smack or Vessel in which such Master is not during the continuance of such service himself serving as Master, Mate, or Seaman,

(7) or in which such Master, if not so serving, does not during the continuance of the said Apprentice's Service in such Smack or Vessel, possess an interest of at least one eighth of the value of such Smack or Vessel; and the said Superintendent may, in cases where the Master is, in his opinion, unable to provide the Apprentice with such service as is by this clause permitted, within a reasonable time cancel this indenture and adjudge a sum to be paid to the Apprentice by the Master as compensation, which shall be recoverable as and deemed to be wages due to the Apprentice.

(7.) And the said Master hereby undertakes to attend with the said Apprentice once at least in every half-year during the continuance of this Indenture, before

(8) the said Superintendent wi*h a view to the investigation by him of questions affecting the earnings and service of such Apprentice, and at such times to give to the said

1883. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. Ch. 41.

195

Superintendent a full, true, and faithful report of the character, conduct and efficiency of the said Apprentice:

(8.) And it is hereby further agreed that within 28 days after the expiration of the probationary period herein-after mentioned, or if the Boat (on board of which the Apprentice is) is at sea during the whole of the twenty-eight days then immediately upon her return to port, this Indenture and the said Apprentice shall be brought to the said Superintendent for his Signature to the Endorsement marked

(9) C on the back hereof, and that in the event of the Superintendent seeing sufficient grounds for withholding his Signature, the Apprenticeship shall cease from a date to be named by the said Superintendent, and upon the terms and conditions to be by him prescribed, which said date and terms and conditions shall be recorded in the Register of Apprentices kept by the said Superintendent, and shall be notified to and observed by the said Master and the said Apprentice:$

(9.) And it is hereby further agreed that the said Superintendent shall have power, if the circumstances of the case appear to him to warrant such a course, at any time within the Probationary period to decide that he will be unable to sign the said Endorsement marked C, and thereupon the Apprenticeship shall cease from a

(10) date to be named by the said Superintendent and upon the terms'and conditions to be by him prescribed; which said date and terms and conditions shall be recorded in the said Register of Apprentices, and shall be notified to and observed by the said Master and the said Apprentice:

(10.) And it is hereby further agreed that breaches of Agreement or discipline-alleged to have been committed by the said Apprentice within the said Probationary

(11) period, shall not be taken before any Court for adjudication unless and until the said Superintendent shall have first had an opportunity of inquiring into the same, and have declined so to inquire, or shall upon inquiry determine to send the same for adjudication:

(11.) And the said Master and Apprentice hereby consent to and undertake to

(12) abide by the Covenants, Obligations, Agreements, and Provisoes herein contained:

(12.) The probationary period of__________shall be allowed to the Ap-

prentice under this indenture, and if at the end of that period or the next return from sea thereafter he applies to the said Superintendent to put an end to the apprentice-. ship, the Superintendent may after communicating with the Master, if he sees sufficient grounds for cancelling this indenture and ending the Apprenticeship, cancel and end the same, and thereupon the indenture shall be cancelled, and the apprenticeship ended from the date to be endorsed thereon by the said Superintendent.

And for the performance of the said Covenants, Obligations, Agreements, and Provisoes, the said Master doth hereby bind himself, his Heirs, Executors, and

(13) Administrators, unto the said apprentice, his Executors and Administrators, in the

penal sum of £__________: Provided, that notwithstanding the penal stipulations

herein contained any Justice or Justices of the Peace may exercise such jurisdiction in respect of the said Apprentice as he or they might have exercised if no such stipulations had been herein contained.

In witness whereof, the said parties have hereunto set their hands and seals the -day and year above written.

Signed, sealed, and delivered in the presence of and approved by

Note. — This Indenture must he executed in triplicate; one copy will be retained and recorded by the Superintendent above referred to, one retained by the Master, and the other retained by the Apprentice.

(Apprentice).

196

Ch. 41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict

Endorsements referred to in the body of this Indenture and in

the Act.

A — Particulars of Spending-Money, Remuneration, and

Payments.

SPENDING MONEY.

(Here are to he entered fall particulars of the amounts to he from time to time paid to the Apprentice as spending money during the term of the Apprenticeship.)

REMUNERATION AND PAYMENTS.

(Here are to he entered full particulars of all allowances, perquisites, shares, or proportions of Salvage if earned by the Smack, or ether payments or emoluments to which the Apprentice may become entitled in the course of his Apprenticeship.)

B. — (Here state pursuant to section whether the nearest relations or the guardian or guardians assent, and such other particulars as the Act requires. If the Superintendent acts as guardian he should state that the nearest relations, or guardian or guardians cannot readily he found, or are not known, or that there are none, and that he has acted as guardian.)

C. — I hereby certify that, after full inquiry made by me, I see no sufficient grounds for interfering with this Apprenticeship.

Dated this__________day of__________ 18_____

r )Y .Jr V. .. . . Superintendent,

Mercantile Marine Office, Port of__________ _______

Agreement with a Boy under Sixteen.

This Agreement made

SEA FISHING SERVICE.

day of

in the county of

_years, a native of

18___, between

of

_»aged ________

.(herein-after called the |Boy ") of the first part and in the county of

Owner of nut less than eight sixty-fourth shares in (or Skipper of) the Fishing Boat

__________of__________. I

(herein-after called the"Master") of the second part, WITNESSETH, That the Boy

197

1883. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) Act, 1883. Ch. 41.

hereby voluntarily agrees to serve as a boy on board the Fishing Boats* §

' __________of which the Master is owner (or Skipper)

tbrf. . . __________ and the Boy

agrees to conduct himself in an orderly, faithful, honest, and sober manner, and to be at all times diligent in his duties, and to be obedient to the lawful commands of his Master and of the Skipper and officers of the fishing boat on which he is serving in everything relating to his service and the fishing boat, and the stores and cargo thereof, whether on board, in boats, or on shore. And the Master agrees to pay to the Boy the wages and remuneration stated on the back of this Agreement, and to supply him with suitable and sufficient provisions to the satisfaction of the Superintendent of the Mercantile Marine Office at the port

of X__________ . And shall also whenever the Boy is on shore

during the duration of this Agreement, with the consent of the Master or Skipper, provide him with suitable and sufficient board and lodging to the satisfaction of the said Superintendent. And it is hereby agreed that any embezzlement, or wilful or negligent destruction of any part of said boat's cargo or stores shall be made good to the Owner out of the wages of the Boy, and that the regulations for maintaining discipline sanctioned by the Board of Trade

which are printed hereon and numbered §__________ are

adopted as part of this Agreement. And it is hereby further agreed that the Boy shall not be required to serve on any Boat in which the Master is not during the continuance of such service himself serving as Skipper, First hand, or Seaman, or in which.the Master does not during the continuance of such service possess an interest of at least one-eighth share. And it is agreed that the Boy shall receive from the Master the Wages and Remuneration aforesaid at the times stated on the back hereof, and that the Boy shall be entitled to participate in any sum or sums of money^arising from any Salvage or Salvage Services performed or rendered by or by means of the Boat on which he is serving or the Crew thereof in such proportion as is stated on the back hereof.

|| The probationary period of shall be allowed to the Boy under this

Agreement, and if at the end of that period or the next return from sea thereafter he applies to the said Superintendent to put an end to the Agreement, the Superintendent may, after communicating with the Master, if he sees sufficient grounds for cancelling the Agreement, cancel and put au end to the same, and the Agreement shall thereupon be cancelled and ended from the date endorsed thereon by the said Superintendent.

And it is hereby further-agreed that breaches of agreement or discipline alleged to have been committed by the Boy within the said probationary period shall not be taken before any Court for adjudication unless and until the said Superintendent shall have first had an opportunity of inquiring into the same, and have declined so to inquire, or shall upon inquiry determine to send the same for adjudication.

And it is hereby further agreed thatlf

And it is hereby further agreed that the Boy or the Master may, after the expiration of the probationary period (if any), give to the other days notice to determine

this Agreement, and the Agreement shall thereupon be -determined, and the Boy shall be entitled to wages and remuneration up to and including the date of the expiration of such notice, to be paid on the day of such expiration : Provided always, that such notice of dismissal shall not be capable of expiring during the continuance of a voyage or at a place other than the port to which the boat on which the Boy is serving belongs.

And it is further agreed that either the Boy or the Master shall be entitled to appeal to the said Superintendent to decide any dispute between them arising out of this

+3 o

t§ ®

s&sp

& 30

W)

<D

* Here should be inserted the names of the boats on which the boy is to serve, or if he is intended to serve on no specific boats but any boats belonging to the Master or ot which he is Skipper, then it should be left blank.

| Here must be inserted the nature of the engagement, whether for the voyage or for a stated period.

j The port which the Superintendent before whom it is signed considers most convenient.

§ The regulations sanctioned by the Board of Trade printed on this Agreement and the numbers of those which are to form part of this contract must be filled in.

|] This and the next clause need only be inserted in cases where the agreement is to exceed one month or where the agreement is for more than one voyage and likely to continue for more than one month.

Here insert any stipulations not contrary to law to which the parties agree and which the Superintendent approves.

198 Ch. 41, 42. Merchmt Shipping (Mshing Boats) Act. 46 & 47 Tier:

Agreement or in relation to the Boy's service, and the Said Superintendent's decision,' if he thinks fit to decide the same, shall be final.

In witness whereof the said parties have hereunto set their hands on the day and in the year above "written.

Signed in the presence of and approved by . ' . ,; / '/ j . Master.

. i t . Boy.

L;- Superintendent of the Mercantile Marine Tm.' . Office at the port of .

Note.' — This agreement must be executed in ' triplicate; one copy will be retained! and recorded by the Superintendent above referred- to, one retained -by the Master, and the other retained by the Boy.

j [To be printed on back of Agreement.]

Endorsements referred to in the body of this Agreement and in the Act.

A. — particulars of wages, remuneration, and' payments. (Here are to .bp entered full particulars of all allowances, perquisites, wages, remunerations, emoluments, shares of -catch, &c., with the times when the boy is to receive the same, and also the proportion of salvage the boy is' to have.)

;< B. — (Here state pursuant to section whether the nearest relations or the, guardian or guardians assent, and such other particulars as the Act requires.. If the superintendent acts as guardian he should state that the nearest relations or guardian or guardians cannot readily be found, or are not known, or that there .are none, and that he, has acted as guardian.

Here print the regulations with respect to boys for. maintaining discipline sanctioned by 4he Board of Trade.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the ‘ Public Works Loan, Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and the Irish Land Commission; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Commissioners, and fox' (Jther jittrposes.

[25th August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent MAje£ty, by and with the advice and consent' of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. .1. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1883. Citation of 2. The Public Works Loans pfp| I87jOh§.; Public^Wprks Loans

«8&89 Vict. (Money) Act) iS^tfcePublic Works Loans Act, i8]7^.th9:'Piiblie c 89. Works Loans Act, 1881,. and the , Public Works Loans Act, 1882,

39 & 40, Vict. may bp together cited as the Public Works Loans Acts,. 1875 to

43 ViC. 1882'.

. PARTI.

44 & 45 Vict.

453& 4G Vict. Grcmt of Money for Public Woifks

3. |k) For the; purpose -of loans by the Public1 Works Loan Smuor , , .

Public Works («) Any sum or sums, not exceeding 5g| the .whole the' sum' of Loans- three million pounds, may be; issued out Of the Consolidated

199

1883. Public Works Loam Act, 1883. Ch. 42.

. Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, i a® atnended by the Public Works Loans Act, 1879; and i i (&;) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ,i t may advance any part or parts of the total sum * above in this bisection mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be i so issued out of the Consolidated Fund; and such sums may be issued and advanced during the period ending on the day at which a further Act granting money for the purpose of the said loans comes into operation.

c. (2v) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, borrow the stun authorised by this section to ..be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any party of that sum.

PART II.

- :i'Grant of Money for Public Works Commissioners, Ireland.

4. (1.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Grant of, .

, r' i "i r r J ' 1,200,000l. for

\ J*n t: ' " " loans by Com-

4f, .(a.) Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole one million missioners of pwo hundred, thousand pounds, may be issued out of the Con- ^Uj^iJ^orks g^jpolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce m re an '

: thereof, in manner provided by Part Two>of thef Public Works 4q & 41 Vict. I Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, as amended by the Public Works £ 27.

aad .

-}(&), The| Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt , may advance any part or parts of the,p)tal sum above in this yj Section mentioned in reduction of the, amount .which maybe v so,issued out of the,Consolidated Fund;, and such .sums may ,beissue<tyand advanced? during the periqd ending on the day on, which.a further-Act authorising. the issue of money for those loans comes into operation.

HK(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by Part Two df.the. Public Works Loans (Ireland)

A#, l.S^Triborrow thl^jjm-aptho^ed/by this section to be,issued ... out of the Consolidated Fund,orany part of that sum.

part in.

* I Grant of Moncjjfdr. Irish Land Gornmissidn.:$

5. (1.) Fot the pu^oae.ofadvances or. o£ purchases of estates by Qrantof .jg the Rash Land Commission- under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, Q0'm_ 3.881, and under any Act that may passed, called the Tramways mission, and Public j Cqinpanies (Ireland) Act, 1883, any sum or sums, not 44&45 Vict. exceeding in the whole the sum of four ^hundred thousan,d_pounds, c- 49-

may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of pjie United. Kingdom, 464& 47 v,et* nr, the growing jpyoduce thereof; in manner provided by the said Acts, and such sums may j?e issued duriijg the period ending on the day on which a further-Act providing money for the .purpose of such'advances or purchases comes inijO; operation.

£v-(2A The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to, the limitations provided by the said Acts, borrow the sum authorised by this

200

Ch. 42. Public Works Loans Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict,

section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

Power to bor- 0. Whereas by a Bill pending in Parliament, for an Act to be rur oses1 of called the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, it

Tmnways and is (among other things) provided that the twentieth section of the Public Com- Arrears of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1882, enabling grants to be made wnS a*r~ in aid of emigration, shall be amended as therein mentioned/and

1883. I that the sum of two hundred thousand pounds shall be substituted

45 & 46 Vict. in that section for the sum of one hundred thousand pounds therein c-47- mentioned, and thereby the raising of an additional sum of one

hundred thousand pounds by the Irish Land Commission for the purposes of the said section as so amended is rendered necessary: c562 46 VICT And whereas by section six of the Public Works Loans Act, 1882, the Irish Land Commission, for the purpose of paying money for grants under the said section of the Arrears of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1882, and for other purposes under that Act, were authorised to borrow on the security of the Irish Church Temporalities Fund, such sums not exceeding in the whole two million six hundred thousand pounds, at the rate and on the terms and in the manner and with the guarantee of the Consolidated Fund as therein mentioned:

And whereas it is expedient to extend the said section of the Public Works Loans Act, 1882, to the raising of the said additional sum of one hundred thousand pounds:$

Be it therefore enacted as follows : — -

In the event of the above recited provision of the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, being passed into law, the Irish Land Commission may borrow the said additional sum of one hundred thousand pounds in manner provided by section six of the Public Works Loans Act, 1882, and that section shall apply in like manner as if two million seven hundred thousand pounds were therein substituted for two million six hundred thousand pounds.

PART IV.

Provision as to certain Loams.

one'debts due Whereas the Public Works Loan Commissioners, in the year fromtnistees'of one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and subsequent years, Arbroath bar- advanced to the Aberbrothwich otherwise called Arbroath Harbour Trustees sums amounting in the whole to twenty thousand pounds, which sums were expended on works for the harbour of Arbroath, and, with interest at the rate of three and a half per cent, per annum, are repayable out of the revenues of the harbour by annuities terminating between the years one thousand nine hundred and twenty-two and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-five; and by the payment of such annuities the capital now due has been reduced to eighteen thousand six hundred and sixty-four pounds five shillings and tenpence:

And whereas the revenues of the harbour are applicable in the first place for the management and maintenance thereof:

And whereas an accident has occurred whereby serious injury has been caused to the works of the harbour, and the estimated cost of the works necessary for the repair of such injury amounts to ten thousand pounds:

201

]883. Public Works Loam Act, 1833. Ch. 42.

And whereas, with a view to the repair of the said injury to the works of the harbour, it is expedient to authorise such suspension of the payment of the said annuities due to the Public Works Loan Commissioners as is herein-after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

The Public Works Loan Commissioners, subject to such conditions as may seem expedient, may, with the consent of the Treasury, suspend the payments on account of the advances made by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to the Arbroath Harbour Trustees and the interest thereon during such period not exceeding' five years from the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and 'eighty-two, as may be considered necessary for the purpose of enabling the Arbroath Harbour Trustees to repair the said injury to the works of the harbour, and the Public Works Loan Commissioners may, if they think fit, with the consent of the Treasury, enter into arrangements with the Arbroath Harbour Trustees for payment of the said capital debt of eighteen thousand six hundred and sixty-four pounds five shillings and tenpence, with all interest due and to become due thereon, by instalments commencing after the said period of suspension, and terminating in or before the year one thousand nine hundred and thirty, and any such arrangement may include the capitalization of such interest.

8. Whereas divers sums amounting in the whole to fifteen Provision as to thousand eight hundred and fifty pounds were advanced in the year one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six and subsequent years, rJ^ge' out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, in aid of the building of a bridge at Limerick, called the Athlunkard Bridge, and the said sums were advanced to the bridge commissioners on the security of the tolls of the bridge, and were repayable by annual instalments with interest at the rate of four per cent, per annum:

And whereas no instalment of principal has ever been paid, and there was due on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two in respect of arrears of interest on the said-advances the sum of eighteen thousand three hundred and thirty-seven pounds nineteen shillings and elevenpence, and the total sum now due to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for principal and interest amounts to "thirty-four thousand one hundred and eighty-seven pounds nineteen shillings and elevenpence:

And whereas the bridge commissioners held the bridge on trust for the public, and derived no pecuniary benefit therefrom, and they or the larger part of them are dead, and there is no power to appoint any new commissioners:

And whereas in consequence of the deaths of some of the bridge commissioners, and the absence of any power to appoint new commissioners, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland took possession in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight of the bridge and the tolls thereof, and have ever since been in possession of the tolls, and maintained the bridge, and applied the surplus of the tolls, after payment of the expenses of collection and the maintenance of the bridge, in payment of the interest on the said advances:

202

Ch'. 42. Public Works Loam Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

And whereas the average annual amount applicable to the payment of such interest during the six years ending on the thirty-first of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three amounted to four hundred and fifty-eight pounds six shillings and eightpence, and with the exception of such surplus tolls, no other moneys are applicable to the repayment of the said advances and the interest thereon:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the composition of the said debt and the abolition of the tolls on the bridge and for the maintenance of the bridge in manner herein-after provided: Be it therefore enacted as follows: —

(1.) If the Treasury are satisfied that payment to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland of the sum of six thousand pounds by fifty equal half-yearly instalments together with interest at the rate of three and a quarter per cent, per annum is secured in manner provided by this section, and that the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the city of Limerick (in this section referred to as the corporation of Limerick) have undertaken as herein-after mentioned to maintain the Athlunkard Bridge and the approaches thereto, they may authorise the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to make, and such Commissioners may accordingly make an order under this section, and by such order may remit the said advance of fifteen thousand eight hundred and fifty pounds, and all arrears of interest due thereon, and the excess of the sum so remitted over and above the said sum of six thousand pounds shall be deemed to be a free grant by Parliament; and further, the said order may declare that Athlunkard Bridge shall, as from the date specified in the order, be free from toll, and be vested in the Corporation of Limerick for the use of the public, and thereupon, as from the date specified in the order, the said bridge shall be free from toll, and it shall be the duty of the Corporation of Limerick to maintain the bridge and the roadway thereof and the approaches thereto in good repair and condition.

(2.) The grand jury of the county of Clare, if a presentment has been duly made by presentment sessions, and the grand jury think fit, may present that the county of Clare shall be charged with the payment to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland of a portion of the said sum of six thousand pounds with interest thereon.

(3.) The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall ascertain what sum would be charged in respect of each hundred pounds of the said sum of six thousand pounds, and so in proportion for smaller parts thereof, if the same were to be discharged by fifty equal half-yearly instalments, beginning at the time mentioned in the certificate, with interest on the unpaid portion at the rate of three and a quarter per cent, per annum, and shall certify the sum so ascertained to the presentment sessions for the said county before the meeting thereof for the purposes of this section, and shall also certify the same to the grand jury before the assizes at which the presentment of the grand jury is proposed to be made.

1883. Public Worlcs Loans Act, 1883. Ch. 42.

(4.) The presentment of the grand jury, if made, shall provide for the payment of any sum which is presented by fifty equal half-yearly instalments, which shall be applotted and levied from time to time without any further presentment, and shall commence at the time mentioned in the certificate.

(5.) Any presentment under this section may be traversed and may be fiated by the judge of assize in like manner as any other presentments of a grand jury.

(6.) For the purposes of this section a special meeting of the county at large presentment sessions of Clare may be held on a day to be appointed by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland within twelve months after the passing of this Act.

(7.) The justices and associated cesspayers for the time being entitled to attend at the ordinary county at large presentment sessions of the said county shall be entitled to attend at a meeting of the presentment sessions under this section.

(8.) A vote shall be taken at such special meeting of presentment sessions, or at any ordinary meeting of county at large presentment sessions for the said county, to which a presentment for the purposes of this section is submitted, by which vote the meeting shall declare whether they agree that the county cess shall be charged with the payment of any and what proportion of the said sum of six thousand pounds to be paid in accordance with the certificate of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

(9.) Notice of a special meeting of presentment sessions for the purposes of this section shall be given by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland once in each of two consecutive weeks before the day fixed for the meeting in two or more newspapers circulating in the county, and the sessions shall be held in accordance with a notice so published. A like notice shall be given of the intention to submit a presentment for the purposes of this section at any ordinary meeting of county at large presentment sessions. The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may make such arrangements as they think fit respecting the making of an application for any presentment under this section.

(10.) Some person nominated for that purpose by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall attend at any such meeting, and shall give information to the meeting as to the powers conferred upon the presentment sessions and grand jury by this section; and as to the amount for which the county may become liable if the meeting agrees that any charge should be imposed.

(11.) The Corporation of Limerick may, by a resolution of the council undertake to hold for the use of the public the Athlunkard Bridge and the approaches thereto, and to maintain the same in good and sufficient- order, repair, and condition, and to light the bridge and approaches in a sufficient manner.

(12.) The Corporation of Limerick may, by a resolution of the council passed within six months after the making of any grand jury presentment under this section, undertake to pay to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland such poi'tion

204

Ch. 42.

Public Works Loans Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

of the said sum of six thousand pounds (if any) as is not charged on the county of Clare in pursuance of this section, and thereupon the said portion shall be charged on and payable out of the borough fund and general purposes rate of the said corporation by fifty equal half-yearly instalments, begin* ning at the. expiration of three months after the date of the resolution, or at any other date mentioned in the resolution, not later than four months after the date of the resolution, with .interest, on the unpaid portion at the rate of three and a * quarter per cent, per annum, and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall have the same remedy for enforcing such payment as they would have.^ if a mortgage of the said fund and rate had been made to . the said commissioners ,for , ^securing .the same. ;

(13.) The.expenses,.of the Corporation of -limerick incurred ,in pursuance ,of this section may be .defrayed out of any. moneys or pates applicable.fop ifre.purpo^e of maintaining or lighting, the ,irpads,in the.c3.ty of limerick, as the pase may be, .Jrat,nothing j in this- section relating to the maintenance and lighting of the s,aid bpidge, and the road way. thereof, and, approaches thereto, j , shall, diminish, any liability, of t the. borough I frind or. general , purposes, pate, to, j pay the.. ^ums due:.to* the Pointoissioners of 1 Public Workn in, Ireland.

toaa^r^of ndvsmce ft lpan.rfor . ,the purpose ofdrailding a new court house in building Green lien of; tb& existing cpmjt bquse ip Green Street,. Dublin,the period

Commissioners, be such period not exceeding forty years from. the date-of the loan ort instalment as-. the, said Commissioners, with the .consent of the Treasury,determine.

BxtS"8h' 10. Whereas in pursuance of the power conferred by section four Mainlands"1 of the P,ublic iW^orks Loans Act,;18$Q, thg^Jgmmissioners of Public and mills on the Workf? in Ireland, with tthaaPI^ovaJ. of the treasury, have remitted mer Corrib, certain instalments ..principal, and interest - charged by virtue of 48 & 44 Vict ip award nreptipned in the said section cm certain lands and mills

Act, and amounted together sum of one thousand five hundred

and sixty-si^ [pqundstfQaFteenrShihings and tenpence, whereof the suiifL of ^pleyenhiimfred, andr .seventyftopq pounds tan shillings was the, amount remitted in :respecb of the milk) and lands: comprised in lots nine and ten referred tjq int the said schedule:

remission as aforesaid been sold by the said.Commissioners with the consent of the Treasury for the sum of five hundred pounds:

Period for 9. In; case i.£heinj^mmistionen3i: of Public, JWqrks in . Iceland

Street com for repayment, ;o£ an.y.;,sucla loan or any instalment thereof may, Ouse, u m.

house, Dublin.

c. 1.

situate on each side; of, Jhe river1Corrib, in <the . county, of Galway, which said instalments were set forth in >th$ schedule to the said

And whereas after the remission ofr the [said-. last-mentioned sum there>remained du%tdthe Consolidated Eundqf the TJnitedi Kingdom in respect of principal and interest the further sum of eight hundred and twenty-three pounds three shillings and sevenpence charged by virtue of the said award upon the mi|ls and lands comprised in the said lots nine and ten

And whereas the last-mentioned mills and lands .were vested in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and have since such

1883. Public Works Loans Act, 1883. Ch. 42. 205

And whereas the residue of the said sum of eight hundred and I twenty-three pounds three shillings and sevenpence, after payment I into the Consolidated Fund of the said sum of five hundred pounds,

I amounts to the sum of three hundred and twenty-three pounds three shillings and sevenpence, which is irrecoverable, and it is I therefore expedient that it should be extinguished:

Be it therefore enacted that the said sum of three hundred and twenty-three pounds three shillings and sevenpence, so due to the 1 Consolidated Fund as aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby extinguished, and shall be considered as a free grant from Parliament.

Amenchnent of Acts.

11. Whereas certain advances have been made by the Irish Land Commission to landlords in respect of antecedent arrears due by the c 47 g-16> tenants bf certain holdings respectively, pursuant to section sixteen -to recovery of of the'Arrears of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1882, and such holdings have ^garent' been Respectively declared to be charged with rentcharges in repayment' of such advances, and advances may be made and holdings cbkrged 'in like manner in future: And whereas it is provided by the said section that such rentcharges shall be from time to time Collected by the collector authorised to collect poor rates in the Sectoral division in whi'ch the holding is situate, and that every such collector shall pay and account for the sum so collected by him to the guardians of the union in which such holding is situate, and that the guardians shall transmit the amounts from time to tiiiie received by them as aforesaid to the Irish Land Commission:

And whereas it is expedient to make a different provision Respecting the collection of such rentcharges; be it therefore enacted as'follows:

(1.) The mode of collecting and levying the said rentcharge herein before recited shall not be used after the passing of this Act:

(2.) Where any advance has been made or shall hereafter be made pursuant to section sixteen of the Arrears of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1882, and where any holding has been or shall hereafter be charged with a rentcharge in repayment of any such advance, each such rentcharge shall be collected directly by the Irish Land Commission, and the payment thereof may be enforced in the same manner in all'respects as if such rent-r ' charge were an annuity in favour of the Irish Land Commission '' in repayment of an advance for the purpose of supplying money for the purchase of a holding pursuant to section twenty-eight of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, save only that - section ten of the' Public Works Loans Act, 1882, shall' not apply to any rentcharge levied and collected pursuant to this present enactment: ‘

(3.) Provided always that nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the provisions of the said section sixteen of the Arrears of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1882, with respect to the power of the county court to order a sale of the tenancy on such default ‘‘ and such application as therein mentioned, nor the provisions as to the proceedings consequent on such sale, nor as to the contingent liability of the landlord, nor with respect to the

206

Ch. 42. Public Works Loam Act, 1888. 46 & 47 Vici.

transfer of the tenants- interest by sale, all which provisions alifl.11 remain in full, force and effect.

Amendment of 12. So much of section three of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) 40 & 41 J^to Act, 1877, as provides that any such advance as in the said section periodSforre-° mentioned and the. interest thereon shall bej repaid within such' payment of oer-period from the date of the advance as the Treasury shall by tain advances. or(jer from time to time, fix, so that .it do not in any case exceed twenty years or any less, period fixed by the Acts referred to in the said section, is hereby repealed; and, in lieu of - the said provision, be it enacted as: follows:

Any such advance as in section three of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, mentioned, and the. interest thereon, shall be . repaid within such period commencing either .from the date of, such advance or from the date' of th& cohipletibn of the works for which such advance is made, as the. Treasury by order from time to tipae * fix, so that th? said period do not in any caset exceed twenty years, or any less, term "fixed by the Acts referred to in the said section. . Provision for 13. (1.) Where any sum is'payable totte Commissioners of Public Tecmeerdueto Works ih Ireland by a %ufity) ot 'any part ‘thereof on aCCouiit of Commissioners any advance made! or expenses incurred by or 'under the authority from grand of the said Commissioners in ‘ pursuance of this Act or of any. Act jnry' passed either before or after the passing of this Act, and Suchfsum

is payable by instalments, the said Commissioners Shall not be required to issue a separate certificate for the recovery of each of such instalments, but they.may, at any time or times after the making of such advance or the incurring of such expenses as aforesaid, send to the, secretary to the grand juty of such county a certificate or certificates specifying the whole or any, part or .parts of the sum ho payable; and any such certificate shall also, specify the .amount (including, principal and interest) of each instalment payable by such county or any part thereof in respect of tl>e sum specified in such certificate, and, as nearly as may be, the time at which each such .instalment wifi, be, due

(2.) Any such certificate shall, until the ^contrary is proved, be conclusive evidence of all matters necessary to, authorise the making of it,

(3.) Upon any such certificate , being sent to the secretary to the grand jury, the grand jury at the .next and every succeeding assizes or presenting term, until the sum therein specified as^ aforesaid has been fully, paid, shall, without any previous, proceeding,at any presentment sessions, present;,the amount required for the payment of any instalment of the said sum for the time being duerrqr jialling due before the thenfiext assizes of presenting .term, as specified in the said certificate; and ff such,grand jury.make default in presenting such amount as aforesaid, the j udge of assize or; jihe High Court of Justice shall order such amount to be raised, apd such order shall have the.force of a. presentment, and such ftmpunt,shall be applotted and raised and levied m?9?4i&gfy as .if'the same, had been inserted in a presentment duly made at such assizes fir presenting term- .

The secretary to the grand jury shall, within one month after the date of any such presentment or order, as aforesaid, send, notice thereof to the said Commissioners, and every sum raised in pursuance

3,883. PvMio Works Looms Act, 1883. Ch. 42, 43. 207

of any euchpresentment oj? order shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland to the account of the said Commissioners, or in such other manner as the Treasury frOm time to time direct.

In this section — - The expression I county " includes a county of a oily, a county of a town and city, and a city or town and county:

: The expression " grand jury," as regards any borough of which the council is authorised by law, to- make presentments,

( includes such council, and the expression " secretary to the grand jury," as regards any such town council, includes the -townclerk.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act for; promoting the extension of Tramway communication in Ireland, and for assisting Emigration, and for extending certain provisions of the Land Law . (Ireland) Act, 1881, to the case of Public Companies.

[25th August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's iipost Excellent Majesty, by and with the" advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and, Temporal, and Commons, in this .present Parliament assembled, amd,by the, authority of the same, as follows:

PART 1/

I (Powers or. Grand Jury to . Guarantee.

0 1,- 4l-').JIt shall ibe lawful*' for the | promoters-- of any tramway, Grand jury being ^public company, jar making application 40 -jflie grand jury of aY in

any1 county under the Tramways (Ireland) -Aetsj to-propose that a baronial* barony or baronies- in itbes county shall guarantee the payment Of guarantee, dividends, not,exceeding rfi ve per centum, upon somnch Of the share capital of capital

«ts -definedx-by iMsiActs And.also tthat, in case of default -on the part of the promoters,1 the completion; working, and maintaining of the- undertaking.-imay the* provided for, under the circumstances JSpeciftfedi in thin Act; at the icbdb ofltheisame barony or baronies.

A 42}) ~The;grandi jury s-hall inquire-into such-propcml, and shall hear -&U persons interested; *andmayl make presentment to be subtaitted t-t&. the Lord- Lieutenant in Council that such baronies.'©r parts of baronies-as the grand-jurymay specify shall be chargeable with, the payment ;ofl.AirddenddM'Suoh .rate, .Bot!tn3iGteeding five per centum -per annum-astheigrapdiijury may determine on so much of* the -share capital of'thex Company as is. for; the time. being'paid-up capital as defined by this Act.: And .also dhatethe same'baronies or parte Of baronies shall become .chargeable; under the circumstances; specified in this Act, with the. payment 'from!.time to timeiof such sums as may be required, for completing,. working, or maintaining the undertaking. C?

- - The guarantee may be limited'by 4he presentment to expire at a : fixed period;-

Hti (8.) -Ther,presentment shall -provide -.that the barony-or baronies or parte of baronies which .it is proposed to charge with any part

208 Cfl. 48. Tramways and Public Companies(Ireland) Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

of such guarantee shall be represented in the direction or supervision of the affairs and finance of the company, so far as relates to the said tramway, or the part or parts thereof, in respect of which such barony or baronies or parts of baronies are proposed to he charged. This may be done —

(a.) By enabling the presentment sessions for such barony from time to time to elect a director or a local consulting director or directors of the company as the grand jury think necessary: (6.) By enabling such presentment sessions from time to time to appoint an auditor, with power to inspect the books and accounts of the said company relating to the said tramway at stated and reasonable times:

(c.) By enabling such presentment sessions from time to time to appoint a delegate or delegates to attend and vote at the general meetings of the company on business relating to the said tramway, under such conditions as may be prescribed:

(d.) By any combination of the foregoing arrangements deemed proper:

(e.) The presentment may lay down a scale of payment, so far as they are chargeable upon the earnings of the undertaking, if auy, for the directors and officials of the company, and may provide for the revision of such scale.

(4.) The presentment shall contain all such other conditions as the grand jury think proper to insert.

(5.) The presentment may apply to one barony only, if the grand jury so think fit. If it applies to more baronies than one, it shall determine the proportions of their liability respectively, or the presentment may provide that the proportions of such liability may be afterwards determined from time to time by arbitration or otherwise as the grand jury think expedient.

(6.) Nothing contained in this Act shall operate to prevent a company from promoting, constructing, and working two or more different tramway undertakings: Provided always that such company shall keep separate capital and revenue accounts for each tramway.

Petition of 2. In addition to the persons entitled under the Tramways appeal against (Ireland) Acts to appeal to the Lord Lieutenant in Council against presentmen. presentment of a grand jury approving of the undertaking, it

shall be lawful for any persons, not less than twenty in number, who are collectively liable to pay one eighth or upwards of the county cess in any barony specified in the presentment of the grand jury, to present a petition of appeal to the Lord Lieutenant in Council against such presentment. Such petition of appeal shall operate in the same maimer as a petition of appeal under'the Tramways (Ireland) Acts to prevent the Order in Council from taking effect unless confirmed by Parliament.

Order in 3. When any such presentment has been submitted to the Lord

Lieutenant, the Order in Council, which the Lord Lieutenant is presentment of empowered to make under the Tramways (Ireland) Acts, may the grand jury, include, in addition to any provisions which it might have contained if this Act had not been passed, a confirmation of the presentment of the grand jury so far as it relates to any charge or liability to be defrayed by any barony.

209

1883. Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883. Ch. 43.1

Orders in Council under this Act shall only be made with the sanction of the Treasury.

4. During the continuance of the guarantee the net receipts Baronies to from the tramway, after deducting from the gross receipts the c,I!s"abnuttto* expenses of the management and working and proper maintenance JSguarantee. of the tramway, shall be applied to the payment of a dividend at

the guaranteed rate on so much of the share capital of the company applicable to such tramway as is for the time being paid-up capital within the meaning of this Act; and in the event of a total failure or partial insufficiency in any half year of such net receipts to pay such dividend, then the sums required to pay such dividend or to make up any deficiency therein shall be charged upon and levied off the barony or baronies chargeable under the guarantee, and the sums so levied shall be applied for that purpose, and to no other purpose whatever.

5. Whenever in any half year there remains any surplus of the Repayment by receipts from the tramway (after deducting the expenses of the mooeycontri-management and working of the tramway, and after deducting buted by dividend at the guaranteed rate upon the capital of the company baronies.

for the time being paid up), and any money shall in any previous half year have been contributed by the baronies under their guarantee, or for maintaining or working the tramway, such surplus shall be paid over by the company to the treasurer of the county until all moneys paid by the baronies, together with the costs and expenses of levying the same, shall have been repaid to such, treasurer. All moneys so repaid to the treasurer shall be apportioned by him between the Treasury and the baronies in the proportions in which the Treasury and the baronies respectively have made payments on account of the undertaking. The amount which on such apportionment is. found to be payable to the Treasury shall be paid by the treasurer of the county to the Commissioners of Public Works, for the use of the Exchequer, in such manner as the Treasury may from time to time order. The amount which is payable to the baronies shall be carried by the treasurer to the credit of the baronies in proportion to the amounts paid by them respectively, and shall be applied by him in reduction of the county cess payable by the baronies respectively.

6. For the purpose of ascertaining the gross receipts and the Amount to be net receipts from the tramway, and the sums (if any) which any (ironies, barony shall pay in any half year, as provided by the Order in

Council, and for the other purposes mentioned in this Act, the Board of Trade may, during the continuance of the guarantee, from time to time appoint as arbitrators the county surveyor acting for the time being in the county in which such barony is situate, and two other persons to be selected by the Board of Trade, and may supply the place of any of such arbitrators dying or resigning or failing or becoming incapacitated to act, and such arbitrators shall from time to time ascertain and determine the amount of the gross receipts and of the net receipts, if any, as prescribed by this Act in respect of the tramway in each half year, and also any other matters which it may appear necessary to them to inquire into and determine upon in order to ascertain the amount which may be applicable out of the receipts of the undertaking to the payment

210 Ch.43. Tramways and Public Companies(Ireland) Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

of the guaranteed dividend, and the amount, if any, which the guaranteeing baronies are liable to contribute towards such dividend, or towards the expenses of maintaining or working the undertaking, and the amount (if any) payable to the treasurer of the county under this Act, and shall thereupon apportion and determine the amount of such half-yearly sums, if any, to be paid by the baronies liable to pay the same or by the company, and the arbitrators shall set forth the several matters so determined by them in certificates under their hands, or, in case they do not agree, under the hands of any two of them, and such certificates shall be in all respects binding on the grand jury and the baronies and the company; and immediately after the delivery of such certificates to the secretary of the grand jury of the county, the baronies, or the company, as the case may be, shall be liable as herein provided for the payment of such sums as shall be specified in such certificates, and a copy of every such certificate shall be delivered to the company, and the company shall immediately thereon pay to such arbitrators their costs and expenses, and such remuneration for their trouble in regard thereto as the Board of Trade shall order.

It shall not be lawful for any county surveyor liable to be appointed an arbitrator under this provision, or for any assistant to such county surveyor, to promote or have any pecuniary interest in or connected with any proposed tramway.

Sums men- 7. The arbitrators shall from time to time deliver the certificates

ficates to |fSl 11 this Act directed to be prepared by them to the secretary of presented by the grand jury of the county to which the guaranteeing barony grand jury and or baronies belong, who shall lay such certificate before the grand treasurer0017 111111 the assizes next after he shall have received the same; and the grand jury are hereby required, from time to time, and without application to presentment sessions, to present the sum mentioned in such certificates as payable by any barony, together with the costs and expenses of levying the same, to be raised and levied in like manner as any presentment made under the authority of an Act passed in the session of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter one hundred and sixteen, and any Act amending the same; and if the grand jury fail to present the sum, or any part thereof, contained in any such certificate, together with the costs and expenses of levying the same, the treasurer of the county shall insert such sum, or such omitted part thereof; together with the costs and expenses of levying the same, in his warrant for raising the moneys presented at the same assizes, as if such sum had been duly presented < by the grand jury to be raised and levied in manner herein-before mentioned, and the same shall be raised and levied accordingly as if the same had been so presented, and the treasurer shall pay over the amount, when received by him, as if such money had been presented by the grand jury.

Application of 8. In cases where for the purposes of the Tramways (Ireland)

Act to cities Act, 1860, the grand iury of a county of a city, or county of a

and corporate , . . P J J , 1 " .

towns. town, municipal corporation, town or other commissioners, are in

the place of the grand jury of the county within which the city,

borough, town corporate, place, or district over which they have

control, is locally situate, then such grand jury of a county of a

211

1883. Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883. Ch. 43.

city, or county of a town, municipal corporation, or commissioners shall, for the purposes of this Act, be in like manner in the place of the grand jury of the county; and the provisions of this Act relative to a barony shall apply to the city, borough, town corporate, or other place or district within which such grand jury, municipal corporation, or commissioners have rating powers, and any rate or fund out of which the expense of making or maintaining roads might be defrayed shall for the purposes of this Act be in place of the grand jury cess leviable in a barony, and a resolution of such municipal corporation or commissioners, passed in the same manner as other resolutions for providing funds for the payment of debts, shall be in lieu of a presentment of a grand jury, and the matters and things which in the case of a grand jury of a county are prescribed to be done at the assizes, may be done at any convenient time appointed by the corporation or the commissioners.

Nothing contained in this section shall alter or affect the procedure prescribed with reference to the county of the city of Dublin, and the county of Dublin, by the Act of the session of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-five.

Nothing contained in this Act relative to the mode of enforcing payment of any sums due on account of a baronial guarantee, or as to the levying of moneys for making such payment, shall prejudice or affect any action or proceedings which may be taken by any company or person to whom any money is due on account of such guarantee.

. Treasury Contribution to Guarantee.

9. When in any half year after the opening for traffic of a Treasury con-tramway belonging to a company the dividend on the share capital to

of which is guaranteed by a barony under this Act, such barony has paid to the company any sum in respect of guaranteed dividend, exclusive of any sum paid in respect of the completing, working, or maintaining of the undertaking, it shall be lawful for the Treasury, if and so long as the tramway is maintained in working order and carries traffic, to authorise the Board of Works, out of any moneys provided by Parliament, to pay to the treasurer of the county, to be put by him to the account of the barony, a stun not exceeding one half of the sum paid by the barony in respect of guaranteed dividend, exclusive as aforesaid, during such half year and not exceeding a sum equal to interest at the rate of two per cent, per annum on the paid-up capital as defined by this Act for the time being of the company.

The Treasury in sanctioning Orders in Council under this Act shall not undertake to pay in the aggregate a sum exceeding forty thousand pounds a year.

Enactments as to Orders in Council.

10. (1.) Every Order in Council which confirms a presentment Provision shall of a grand jury for a baronial guarantee under this Act shall be made by contain all such provisions as may be necessary for securing that counciffor the the tramway shall be completed, and shall be maintained in good working of line, order and condition, and shall be efficiently worked by the company

0 2

212 Cn.43. Tramways and Public Companies(Ireland) Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

or their assigns, and that if default is made in such completing, or if at any time the receipts from the undertaking are insufficient to defray the expenses of management, and of efficiently maintaining and working the undertaking, then such sums as may be necessary for those purposes shall be contributed from time to time by the guaranteeing baronies, in the same proportions, and shall be assessed and levied in the same manner, as their contributions on account of their guarantee, and such Order shall provide for the manner in which such sums shall be applied for those purposes under the control of the grand jury.

(2.) Such Order shall also provide that if the guaranteeing baronies have been called upon to pay and have paid any money for completing the tramway, or if they have been called upon to pay and have, during a period of not less than two years to be fixed by the Order, continued to pay any money for maintaining or working the undertaking, then the undertaking, and all the property of the company connected with it, shall become the property of the grand jury, subject to any liabilities affecting such undertaking or property, and the undertaking shall be maintained and worked by the grand jury at the cost of the guaranteeing baronies; and the Order shall also provide for the mode in which the undertaking shall be so maintained and worked."

(3.) The Order shall also contain such provisions with respect to the inspection of the works, the audit of accounts, the keeping of books, documents, and vouchers, and their submission to the arbitrators appointed under this Act, as the Lord Lieutenant thinks proper.

(4.) Before any such Order in Council is made, the Commissioners of Public Works shall furnish, to the Lord Lieutenant an estimate of the amount of paid-up capital which is necessary for the purposes of the undertaking; and the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall, having regard to such estimate and to such representations as may be made by the company, fix a limit upon the amount of capital upon which dividends may be guaranteed, and, subject to that limit, the amount of capital for the time being paid up shall be deemed to be the amount of the paid-up capital of the company so far as relates to such undertaking within the meaning of this Act.

11. The Lord Lieutenant in Council may by Provisional Order panic's to sub empower any railway company to contribute towards the cost of scribe towards the construction of any tramway to be made under the powers of |3jfSg this Act such sum of money by way of loan, subscription for shares, or otherwise, as may be agreed upon between the railway company and the promoters of the tramway.

Such Order in Council shall only be made where the railway company establishes, to the satisfaction of the Lord Lieutenant in Council, that a copy of the Provisional Order as applied for by the railway company has been submitted to the proprietors of the company, at a meeting held specially for that purpose, as if such Order were a Bill promoted in Parliament by the Company, and that all matters and things have been done and have happened, and all times have elapsed, which if such Order were a Bill so promoted as aforesaid should have been done and have happened and elapsed in order to constitute compliance with the Standing Orders of

1883. Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Art, 1883. Ch. 43. 213

Parliament applicable to Bills promoted by railway companies for the like purposes to those referred to in this section.

Such Order in Council shall not take effect unless confirmed by Parliament if a petition against it is presented to the Lord Lieutenant in Council, and the petitioner appears and proceeds therewith.

PART II.

Emigration and Purchase of Lands by Public Companies.

12. In the twentieth section of the Arrears of Rent (Ireland) Act, Emigration. 1882, enabling grants to be made in aid of emigration, the sum of

two hundred thousand pounds shall be substituted for the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, and the sum of eight pounds shall be substituted for the sum of five pounds in any cases in which the Lord Lieutenant shall so direct.

Provided that, to an extent not exceeding fifty thousand pounds, the moneys to be hereafter granted by the Commissioners of Public Works under the said section may be applied for the purpose of paying for or assisting in the removal of persons or families from districts or places within the unions referred to in the said section to other places in Ireland, whether within such unions or not, and their settlement there, or for other purposes incidental to such removal and settlement. Such grants shall only be made on the recommendation of the Lord Lieutenant, and on such terms as he may approve.

13. (1.) The Treasury may authorise the Irish Land Commission Advances by to advance from time to time to any public company with whose constitution the Land Commission are satisfied, herein-after referred

to as a public company, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, if the Land Commission approve of the security and the expediency of the purchase, such sums as the Treasury think fit for aiding such company to purchase estates for the purpose of reselling to the tenants of the lands comprised in such estates their respective holdings, or for the purpose of assisting in the removal thereto, of persons and families, as provided by the preceding section of this Act.

Such advances, where the estate or estates are purchased solely for the purpose of re-sale to the tenants, shall only be made-when the Land Commission are satisfied that a competent number of the tenants on the estates proposed to be purchased are able and willing to purchase their holdings from the company.

(2.) When a company to whom an advance has been made under this section has purchased an estate, they shall, so far as concerns the re-sale of their holdings to the tenants thereon deal with it in the same manner in which it is provided in Part V. of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, that the Land Commission shall deal with estates purchased by them for the purpose of reselling to the tenants of the lands comprised in such estates their respective holdings.

(3.) The sale by the company of a holding to the tenant thereof may be made either in consideration of a principal sum being paid as the whole price or in consideration of a fine and of a fee farm rent, with this qualification, that the amount of the fee farm rent

214 Ch.43. Tramways and Public Companies(Iveland) Act 46 & 47 Vicn

shall not exceed seventy-five per cent, of the rent which in the opinion of the Land Commission would be a fair rent for the holding.

(4.) For the purposes of this section a competent number of tenants means a body of tenants who are not less in number than three fourths of the whole number of tenants on the estate, and who pay in rent not less than two thirds of the whole rent of the estate, and of whom a number, comprising not less than one half of the whole number of tenants on the estate, are able and willing to pay the whole price of their holdings, either immediately or by means of such advances as in this part of this Act mentioned.

The condition as to three fourths of the number of tenants may be relaxed on special grounds with the consent of the Treasury, and on the recommendation of thejfnrd Lieutenant.

(5.) The Land Commission may advance to a tenant proposing to pay the whole price of his holding any sum not exceeding seventy-five per cent, of the said price, and to a tenant purchasing subject to a fee farm rent a sum not exceeding one half of the amount 6f the fine payable by the tenant.

( 6.) In sales by a company to tenants in pursuance of this section, a separate charge shall not be made for any expenses relating to the purchase, sale, or conveyance of the property, but such expenses shall be included in the price or fine payable by the purchaser.

Sale to public 14. Where a public company have purchased an estate, they °urehM<^nb1 may se^ any parcels which they do not sell to the tenants thereof -tenants.6 ' such manner as they think fit, in consideration .either ,of a principal sum as the whole price, dr of a fine and a fee farm rent, or partly in one way and. partly in the other.

The Land Commission may advance , to any purchaser of a parcel under this section, on the security of such parcel, one half of the principal sum paid as the, whole price or of the fine.

The provisions of this part of this Act with respect to the charges for expenses and to the mod$ in which sales arc to be made shall apply to the sale of a parcel in pursuance of this section in like manner as if the purchaser had been the tenant of the holding at the time of his making the purchase.

Terms of 15. (1.) Any advance made by the-Land* .Commission for the

advances^made P^P030 of supplying money for the purchase of a holding, or parcel byCommis- from a public company shall be repaid* by an annuity in favour of

sion. the Land Commission for. thirty-five years of five pounds for every

hundred pounds of such advance, and so in proportion for any less sum.

: (2.) .Every such advance shall be secured to the Commission either in such manner as may be agreed on between the Commission and the person to whom the advance is made, and as the Commission think sufficient, or in manner provided by Part III. of the 83 & 34 Vict. landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, as amended by the 354& 36 Vict. Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1872, in like manner in all c. 32. respects as if the same were such an advance as is mentioned in

those Acts, and as if the Land Commission were the Board therein mentioned, and as if the person receiving the advance were a tenant or purchaser, .therein mentioned.

Ii883i Tramways and Public Companies, (Ireland) 4ct> 1883» Ch. 43. 215

JPrpvided always, that where any such advance is secured in the planner provided by Part III. of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland)

Act, 1870, as amended by the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act,

1872, the first half-yearly payment of the annuity shall, where the advance is not made on one of the gale days (namely, the first day of May or the first day of November), be due and paid on the ^econd of such gale days after the date of the advance; and together with such first half-yearly payment there shall be due and paid an additional sum for interest on the. advance at the rate of three and a half per cent, per annum from the date of the advance until the .first gale day next after that date,

(3.) Any person liable to pay an annuity in this section mentioned may redeem the same, or any part thereof, or may prepay any instalments thereof in such manner and on such terms as is * provided by section fifty-one of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland)

Act, 1870, or in such other manner, and on such,other terms, as the Treasury may from time to time approve, having regard to the due repayment of the loan and the protection of the Land . Commission against loss by the said loan.

16. (1.) A public company to whom an advance is made under Provision as to this Act shall not purchase a leasehold estate for the purposes of purchases and this v Act, unless the lease is for lives or years renewable for, ever, ^pany*

or is for a term, of years of which not less than, sixty are unexpired at the time when the sale is made, or unless the company haveT$ufchased some greater right or interest in the estate in which tneleasehold would be merged:

Provided that — |

il$ This part Of' this Act shall not empower the owner of a ^leasehold holding unider'a lease containing a prohibition against .^ alienation to sell such, leasehold unless such prohibition is determined of is waived; and ., (b,) Nothing in this section shall prevent^the purchase of an estete by reason only df a small part thereof being leasdh&ld..

(2.) Any sale of a holding to a tenant by a company in pursuance df; this part of this Act, maybe made either in pursuance of Part II. of the Landldrd and Tenapt (Ireland) Act, 187p, or in, such manner is the Land Commission may think expedient; and for the purpose jqfthe application of 'the; said Part II., "price" in section thirty--two of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870, shall be deemed to include a fine and a fee farm rent as well as a principal sum, and the enactments relating to the distribution of the. price shall apply with the necessary modifications.

17. (1.) Section thirty of the Land Law (Ireland),Act, 1881, Application of .

shall apply to all holdings for the purchase of which advances have 0?rt»iu pro-been made by the Land Commission to a tenant pursuant to this Lal^ Law 6 part Of this Act. . - ..... , ' (Ireland) Act>

I,'. (2.) 'Section thirty-three of the said Act, relative to the.supply 1881,

'of money by the Treasury, shall be, extended and shall the supplying of money for the purpose of advances by the Land Commission, under this part of this Act as fully as it applies to the advances mentioned in that, section.

18. When -am estate has been purchased by a^publiC; .company to price of hold-whom an advance-has been made by the Land Commission, under arbitration.

216

Ch.43. Tramways and, Public Companies(Ireland) Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

this Act, and any difference arises between such company and the tenant of any holding comprised in such estate relative to the sale of such holding to such tenant, either as to price or as to any other term of the contract, the difference shall, if the tenant so requires, be referred to the Land Commission, whose decision thereon shall be binding upon the company and the tenant.

Terms of re- 19, Advances made by the Land Commission to a public company advances to Pursuance of this Act shall be made repayable within such periods

companies and at such rate of interest as are set forth in a minute of the

Treasury made on the sixteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, with reference to loans, to which section two of the Public Works Loans Act, 1879, applies, or as the Treasury may from time to time fix in pursuance of that section.

The security for the repayment of such advances shall be in such . form, and shall contain such conditions for obliging the company duly to carry out the purposes specified in this Act as to sales to tenants and otherwise, as the Land Commission may consider proper.

All contracts of sale by a public company to a tenant or other person pursuant to this Act shall be submitted to and shall be subject to the approval of the Land Commission.

If the Land Commission so direct, the purchase money payable by a tenant or other purchaser to a public company shall be paid to the Land. Commission, and credited to the company as against any money for the time being owing by the company to the Land Commission.

If the Land Commission so direct, any rentcharge, annuity, or instalments on account of purchase money payable by a tenant or other purchaser to a public company, shall be reserved and made payable to the Land Commission, and all sums received by the Land Commission on account thereof shall be credited against any sums owing by the company to the Land Commission on account of rentcharge, purchase money, or otherwise.

So soon as all sums owing by a public company to the Land Commission shall have been paid and discharged, the Land Commission shall by order direct that such rentcharge, annuities, and instalments as last mentioned remaining unpaid, shall forthwith vest in and become payable to' the said public company or its assigns, and the same shall then so vest and become payable accordingly. Amendment of 20. The planting of trees shall be included amongst the purposes s. 31 of Land for which money may be advanced by the Board of Works under 4ct‘ the thirty-first section of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881.

Power to modify 21. The conditions and limitations contained in sub-section three

coStionsCand the thirty-first section of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, limitations in maybe modified or dispensed with by the Board of Works, with si at section of the consent of the Treasury, in any special cases in which the Lord laud) Act! t88i," Lieutenant may for special reasons, to be stated under his hand, ^orksimder recommend that it is proper so to do.

recommendation

of Lord Lieu- PART III.

tenant.

Supplemental.

secrctavy'of the 22* Whenever any money is payable under this Act by a corn-grand jury. pany to the treasurer of any county, and also whenever a tramway undertaking has become the property of the grand jury of any

1883. Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act. Ch. 43. 217

county under this Act, the Secretary for the time being of the grand jury of that county may bring any action which may be necessary for the purposes of this Act in any court of competent jurisdiction, and may be the nominal plaintiff in such action, and as such entitled to sue on behalf of the grand jury, or of the ratepayers of any barony, and no such action shall abate or be discontinued by reason of the death, removal, or resignation of such secretary.

23. The Tramways (Ireland) Acts are hereby amended as Amendment of follows: Acts

(l.j The enactment in section one of the Tramways (Ireland)

Act, 1860, that it shall not be competent to make application for a tramway or tramways under the provisions of that Act to unite places between which statutory powers for making a railway or railways for directly connecting the same shall have been granted and be in force is hereby repealed, except in cases where such railway shall have been actually constructed, or shall be in actual course of construction, or where the railway company having such powers, shall satisfy the Lord Lieutenant in Council that it is their intention forthwith to proceed in good faith to construct such railway.

(2.) Notwithstanding the enactments to the contrary contained in sections twenty-six and twenty-seven of the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, Orders in Council made under those sections for varying, extending, enlarging, or maintaining any tramway, or for extending the time limited for the completion of a tramway, or for authorising the abandonment of a tramway or part thereof, shall take effect when made, and shall not require to be confirmed by an Act of Parliament.

(3.) The times appointed by the Tramways (Ireland) Acts for the publishing of advertisements, the depositing of maps, plans, books of reference, memorials, and other documents, and the giving of notices may, so far as relates to proceedings under this Act, be varied from time to time by the Lord Lieutenant by Order in Council.

(4.) In the first sub-section of the twenty-ninth section of the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, the period of fourteen days shall be substituted for the period of forty-eight hours, as the period within which the payment or deposit of money as security for the completion of the tramway as therein mentioned may be made.

(5.) Every Order in Council which sanctions a baronial guarantee under this Act may also provide that the forty-second section of the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, shall not apply to the tramway in favour of which such guarantee is sanctioned.

(6.) Notwithstanding the limits prescribed by the fifth section of the Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1881, for the speed at which locomotives worked by steam may be driven along any tramway, the Board of Trade may from time to time by Order authorise such locomotives to be driven at a speed not exceeding twelve miles an hour elsewhere than through any town or village. So long as a locomotive is being driven on a tramway at a greater distance than thirty feet from

1

, the centre of any pujalic ^oad, thelipaits of speed prescribed by '.. ‘the Tramways (Ireland)'Apts or'this Act shall not apply.

Construction 24. The Tramways (Ireland) Acts, and this Act, shall so far as is of Act. consistent with' thetenor thereof be construed together.

Interpretation. 25. In'this Act, —

Vict* | The Tramways (Ireland) Acts," means the Tramways (Ireland)

24 & 25 Vict. Act, 1&80, the Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 186lj,

Sp^,' the Act of the session of the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth

& 114 1 years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one him-

89 & 40 Vict. dred. and fourteen, intituled " An Act to amend the Trani-

ways (Ireland) Acts, 1860 and 1861," the Act of the session c.17.4 1Ct of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of, Her

present Majesty, chapter sixty-five, intituled "An Act to ' <r amend the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, and the Tram- ways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1861, as regards the : " application of the same td! the county and the county of / " the city of Dublin," and the Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1881.

.In the construction of this Act and the Tramways (Ireland) Acts the word "tramway" shall be*cdnstriied to include for the purposes of this Act a light railway.

The word, "company" m this Act shall include a public company, body corporate, or other public body.

"The Treasury " means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, f

The expression "barony" shall include any specified part or parts of a barony.

Short title. 26. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, .1883.;, .....

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to explain the effedt of Section One hundred and ninety-five of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.'

[25th August 1883.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen as to the effect of section one htm<h:ed and-ninety-five of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and it is expedient to, remove such doubts.:

Be it enacted, by the Queen's .-most Excellent Majesty, by- and with the advice and consent of the. Lords Spiritual and Temporal, jnd kjQpminons>,in. this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority, of the same as follows ;

Short title. , , 1. This Act may be cited as the Borough Constables Act, 1883.

Explanation of 2. Nothing in Section one htmdared and ninety-five o£<the Muni-45 & 46 vict. cipal Corporations Act) 1882, shall be taken to have -repealed p. so. b. 195. , gec^0I1 twenty, of the; Town Police Clauses Act, 1847, or 'Section twelve; o£the Prevention of Crimes Act,'1871.

Ch. 45, 46.

219

\Counterfeit Medal Act, 1883.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act for preventing the Sale of Medals resembling T Current Coin. [25th August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all (purposes as the Counterfeit Medal Act, 1883.

2. If any person without due authority Or excuse (the proof whereof shall lie' on the person accused)-?-, j Makes or has in his possession for sale, or offers for sale, or sells,

. Any medal, cast, coin, or other like thing made wholly or partially of metal or any metallic combination and resembling in size, figure, and colour any of the Queen's current gold or silver coin, or having thereon a device .resembling any device on any of the Queen's current gold v' or silver coin* or being so formed that it can by gilding, silvering, colouring, washing, or other like process, be so dealt with as to resemble any of the Queen's current gold £.qr silver coin,

He ‘shall be gpilty, in England.and.Ireland of a misdemeanor,

4 and in Scotland of a crime and offence, and on being convicted, shall be liable to' be imprisoned for any term not exceeding , one-year, with or without hard labour:

3. "The Queen's current gold"or silver coin " includes any gold pr silver coin joined in or for any of Her. Majesty's mints, or lawfully -ctirrent by virtue o& lany1 proclamation or -otherwise- in any part of Her Majesty's dominiolis, Whether'within the United Kingdom or otherwise.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to suspend for a limited period; on account of r: Corrupt Practices, the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to-serve in Parliament for certain eities and boroughs. / (. |[25th August 1883.]

TXT HERE AS, in pursuance of addresses to Her Majesty from ' ' both Hotises of Parliament in relation to election of members to serve in Parliament for the Cities and boroughs mentioned in the .schedule to this Act, commissioners were appointed by commissions, dated the ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty, for the purpose .of, making inquiry, into the existence of corrupt practices at the ^eleotions of members to serve in Parliament for the said cities and boroughs:$

And whereas the said commissioners bavtirespectively reported as regards the existence of.corrupt practices,to the effect in the .second.column of the said.schedule .mentioned-:-.

. And whereas it is expedient, with a view to the future consider^ tion by* Parliament of the cases of the said cities and boroughs,.-to

Short title of Act.

Punishment for selling medals resembling current coin.

Interpretation.

220

Short title.

Suspension of elections in certain cities and boroughs.

provide temporarily for the suspension of elections in the said cities and boroughs:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections) Act, 1883.

2. An election of a member or members to serve in Parliament for any of the cities or boroughs mentioned in the schedule to this Act shall not be held until the expiration of seven days after the meeting of Parliament in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

SCHEDULE.

Cities and Boroughs referred to.

Name of City or Borough. Report of Commissioners as to prevalence of corrupt practices.

Boston Corrupt practices prevailed very extensively at the election of 1880 It was stated as an undoubted fact that all elections, both parliamentary and municipal, have for a long time past been corrupt.

Canterbury - Corrupt practices extensively prevailed at the elections . of 1879 and 1880.

Chester - * Corrupt practices extensively prevailed at the general elections of February 1874 and of April 1880.

Gloucester - Corrupt practices extensively prevailed at the elections in February 1874 and March 1880.

Macclesfield - Corrupt practices extensively prevailed at the elections of 1865, 1868, 1874, and 1880.

Oxford Corrupt practices were committed at the election in February 1874, and corrupt practices extensively prevailed at the elections in March 1874, April 1880, and May 1880, by way of payment of money to voters as therein mentioned.

Sandwich In the election of May 1880, there was practised throughout the constituency, not only indirect bribery of various kinds, but direct bribery, the most extensive and systematic. . . Electoral corruption has long extensively prevailed in the borough.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to extend the power of Nomination in Friendly and Industrial, &c. Societies, and to make further provision for cases of Intestacy in respect of Personal Property of small amount. [25th August 1883.]

"VV WHEREAS under the enactments named in the third section of ' ' this Act a member of a friendly, industrial, or other like society to which the said enactments apply may, by writing under his hands delivered at or sent to the registered office of such society,

221

1883. Provident Nominations and Small Intestacies Act. Ch. 47.

nominate any person to whom any moneys payable by the society on the death of such member, not exceeding fifty pounds, shall be paid at his decease, and may from time to time revoke or vary such nomination by a writing under his hand similarly delivered or sent, and on receiving satisfactory proof of the death of a nominator such society is bound to pay to the nominee the amount due to such deceased member, not exceeding the sum aforesaid:

And whereas it is desirable to extend the operation of the said enactments:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:$

1. This Act extends to Great Britain and Ireland, and except Extent and section ten of the same, and so much thereof as relates to trade ‘jgyjff6 of unions, to the Channel Islands, and except the said section ten, and

so much as relates to industrial and provident societies and to trade unions, to the Isle of Man, and may be cited as the Provident Nominations and Small Intestacies Act, 1883.

2. In this Act the expressions following have the following Definition of

meanings: — terms.

"Directors" means (1) in the case of a society or branch whose property is vested in trustees, the trustees for the time being;

(2) in the case of a Post Office Savings Bank and of a Post Office Savings Bank Insurance, the Postmaster General; (3) in any other case, the directing authority by whatever name it r. may be called:$

- "Probate." and "letters of administration" for Scotland mean

confirmation:

" Savings bank " means a bank to which the Trustee Savings Bank Act, 1863, applies, and a Post Office Savings Bank;

Oi " Society " includes a registered trade union:$

" Office " means in the case of a society registered under the Fiiendly Societies Acts, the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, or the Trade Union Acts, the registered office of such ,society:

- In the case of a registered branch under the Friendly Societies

Acts, the registered place of such branch:

In the case of a Trustee Savings Bank or of a Trustee Savings Bank Insurance, the office or head office of such bank:

In the case of a Post Office Savings Bank and of a Post Office Savings Bank Insurance, the General Post Office.

3. The following enactments, namely, sub-sections three and four as 3a Vict. of section fifteen of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875, sub-sections « ®°-fi-15 (3)> five and six of section eleven of the Industrial and Provident Societies 89 & 40 vict Act, 1876, section ten of the Trade Union Act Amendment Act, c. 45. s. ii(5), 1876, [sections forty-one, forty-two, forty-three of the Trustee

Savings Bank Act, 1863, section ten of an Act passed in the seventh | |g I j0'c and eighth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled " An 26 & 27 Vict.

" Act to amend the law relating to savings banks, and to the ^'8ss-^'t°43' I purchase of Government annuities through the medium of c. 83. s. io, and 1 savings banks," and sub-head (e) of section six of the Government 45 & 46 Vict. Annuities Act, 1882, respectively shall be read as if in the said c-''il- s.6(e)>ex-

» . tcDdea to sums

not over 100/.

222

How a nomination may be made.

Nominations by Savings Bank depositors.

Extension of

Ch.47. Provident Nominations <& Small Intestacies Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

sections of the said Acts the words one hundred pounds were substituted for the words fifty pounds.

4. A nomination may be partly printed, and if made in a book kept at the office shall be taken to be delivered at such office.

5. A depositor in a Savings Bank, not being under sixteen years of age, may by writing under his hand delivered at or sent to the office nominate any person, not being an officer or servant of the directors (unless such officer or servant be the husband, wife, father, mother, child, grandchild, brother, sister, nephew, or niece of the nominator), to whom any sum, not exceeding one hundred pounds, which may remain due to such depositor at his decease may be paid at such decease, and may from time to time revoke or vary such nomination by writing under his hand similarly delivered or sent; and on receiving satisfactory proof of the death of a nominator, the directors shall pay to the nominee the sum due to the deceased depositor, provided it does not exceed one hundred pounds.

6. In sub-section three of section fifteen of the Friendly Societies

38 & 39 Vict. Act, 1875, and in any nomination under the said Act which takes

(3), and'5 effect after this Act has come into operation, the words " moneys

39 & 40 Vict. payable by the society on the death of such member " shall include c. 45. s.ii deposits made by such member under section eighteen of the said

Act, and moneys accumulated for the use of such member under section nineteen of the same Act, with the interest on such deposit or moneys respectively. In sub-sections five and six of section eleven of the Industrial and Provident -Societies Act, 1876, and in any nomination under the said Act which takes effect after this Act has come into operation, the words " shares " and " interest " respectively shall be taken to include loans and deposits made under subsection (2 c) of section ten of the said Act.

7. If any member of a registered trade union, entitled from the funds thereof to a sum not exceeding one hundred pounds, dies intestate and without having made any nomination which remains unrevoked at his death, such sum shall be payable, without letters of administration, to the person who appears to a majority of the directors, upon such evidence as they may deem satisfactory, to be entitled by law to receive the same.

8. If a member of any society who is entitled to make a nomination under this Act or the Acts hereby amended is illegitimate, and has died intestate, and without having made any such nomination subsisting at his death, the directors may pay the sum which such member might have nominated to or among the person or persons who, in the opinion of the majority of them, would have been entitled thereto if such member had been legitimate, or, if there are no such persons, then the deposits shall be dealt with as the Commissioners of the Treasury may direct.

9. All payments made by directors under the powers aforesaid shall be valid with respect to any demand of any other person as next of kin of a deceased member, or as his lawful representative or person claiming to be such representative, against the society or savings bank, or the directors, but such next of kin, representative, or claimant shall have remedy for recovery of such money, so paid as aforesaid, against the person or persons who shall have received the same.

Provisions in case of intestacy and no nomination.

Provision for illegitimacy.

Payments made by diree tors under the power above given.

1883. Provident Nominations and Small Intestacies Act. Ch. 47,48. 223

10. For the prevention of frauds on the revenue it is enacted as Conditions to

nil___ . be observed

follows. ~ . where fund

(1.) It the total sum with respect to which a nomination may he exceeds sol. made under this Act by any person, or standing to the credit of any person in any society or savings bank at his death exceeds, after deduction of any moneys payable under the registered or certified rules of such society or savings bank or otherwise for the purpose of defraying the funeral expenses of such member the sum of eighty pounds sterling, the directors shall before making any payment to a nominee or otherwise under this Act require production of a duly stamped receipt for the succession or legacy duty payable thereon, or a letter, or a certificate from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue stating that none such is payable; such receipt or certificate shall be given by the said Commissioners upon payment of duty, or satisfactory proof of no duty being payable, as the case may be.

(2.) If, elsewhere than in Scotland, the total personal property, or Nomination or in Scotland the whole moveable estate, of any person entitled PfT111611*

, 4 i i " a i i i this Act not to

to make a nomination under this Act or the Acts hereby affect the amended, or of any depositor in a savings bank, exceeds one liability to prohundred pounds sterling, any sum paid under this Act without bate duty' probate or letters of administration shall, notwithstanding such nomination or payment, be liable to probate duty as part of the amount on which such duty is charged, and the directors shall be at liberty before making any such payment to require a statutory declaration by the claimant, or by one of - the claimants, that the total personal estate of the deceased, including the sum in question, does not after deduction of debts and funeral expenses exceed the value of one hundred pounds.

11. As respects the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man Channel Is-respectively, the following provision shall have effect. When any and Isle sum of money becomes payable on the death of a person entitled to

make a nomination under this Act or the Acts hereby amended, such sum shall, in default of any direction or nomination such as is contemplated by the - Friendly Societies Act, 1875, or by this Act, be paid to the deceased member's legal representative, according to the law of the island in which such deceased member was domiciled.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals. [25th August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

1. On receiving a certificate from a medical officer of health of Sanitaiyautho-the union that a case of cholera has occurred within the sanitary district, it shall be lawful for the authorities of that sanitary dis- ^°efes81°a trict, having first obtained the consent in writing of the Local

224 Cp. 48.; Gbolem Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

Government Board, to takg possession for. a temporary hospital of any site except as herein-after mentioned within that sanitary district.

Notice to 2. It shall he sufficient notice to the owner or the occupier' or

occnPier- other persons-affected, if anotice has been posted on ‘the walls' of the union, ‘and of the church or- chapel' nearest to the site within the sanitary district, that it is intended to take possession of such ate, and if an affidavit, ip. made that the occupier, if dwelling within the sanitary district, has been served with a copy of sudh notice, or that a reasonable effort has been made to serve him, .or, if living vdthout the sanitary district, that a registered letter; has been forwarded to, his last known address.

Site not to be " 3* ,Np jpjsja shall be thus iajken which is w,i,thin two hundred bit*Laro«t ^ards.of a dwelling.hn}ise, or; \^hich has any building or farm,nr. of dwelling * -other offices thereon, or.which is enclosed , or used, as a garden, house. pleasure or recreation gerund, or which forms part of any enclosed

demesne lands, without the consent of the occupier of, such hopse or lands, or winch shall he within two hundred y^.of, anyj church, chapel, sphpe^ouse, .,factory, worhshqp, or. .otherI.building where any trade dr mercantile operation is being .carried on.

Compensation 4. The dsmgrjxr oepupier, or both, shall be entitled to such rent to occupier. fig' cd^ensation fOT damage a,s the,Local (joyernment Board,may award, and such rent or damage shah be!, paid by the sanitary authority of the district within; 0bne nxpntb after such award is made . .. .:$

Limit of land 5. Not more than two statute acres shall hq taken for a,uy si|eq

to be take^. and; within, tyo(nxmr^hsr .q,fter it-qbaift ,hayeJ(h^n^,cejrtiified; to |he

saxutary authority by thp jpedica! ojiicer.of.wie ffistriqt that cholera 'has ceased to exist within the, qauit^ry(^sfrbqt>^4,P%^ d® UP Jojqger^ agy. occ^sipn. for . ^uch, tejnpo^ary hc^pitnb the sanitary ..-Jr ,> |auihonty,shallfy^cl othqc " material, and restore surface,of the groundhft yrh^b it was foupdiby thpm o|a^talring(,po^sipn?.^ndj they shall deliver up the possession, tp the, pe^onj in 'whpse, ajpup^tion. j) wqs r nh* mediately prior i

Penalties. Any personinterfering $$ deputed

by the sanitary, aulhprity .when, carrying i9?W*- thi®

Aph, shall be liabjfe pft ponyicriou a, ,f!0jiCT,of, suuqmary juris-

diction, composedof not less than ty^p, justices,o^,.,ouh.sj&penaiary mqgritratp,(bq aj^r^h^pr^soiiurpPft PP^I^loS pix rnpuths, Duration of 7. ipd'Sfprs, pppiqi^ed,uponf ^anitary .authorities by,#ds Act powers of local shall pot be exercised after the tftshday.of Mawon^thousand eight authorities. hundred and e^ity-four.

Short title. 8. /-Ous^f^ ah, (pppppsps as dpj? ^'^.pos-

pitals (Ireland) Act, 1883, tj.

Definition of 9. In any case in which the sanitary, authorities, of, any mari-§ppf|| time ^gpioft hayft.been;,'directed by U^r^of t^e.I^cal Government lh>ard ^: or SUPJP^sion of

cholera over any port, which includes, portious of any othA^ union or unions, then the words "sanitary Strict" in this.^et shall he construed to include such portions of the lands, comprised , within the Iinffts of said port as lie within one mile of high-water n^rk. Extent of Act! 10. This Act shall extend to Ireland only. '.

1883. Statute Law Revision and Civil Procedure Act, 1883. Ch. 49. 2g

CHAPTER 49.

An Act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing various Enactments relating to Civil Procedure or matters connected therewith, and for amend--ing in some respects the Law relating to Civil Procedure.

[25th August 1883.] ll WHEREAS with a view to the revision of the" Statute Law Vi it is expedient that various enactments (mentioned in the schedule to this Act) which chiefly relate to civil procedure, or matters connected therewith, and which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to he in force otherwise than by express and specific repeal by Parliament, or have by lapse of time and change of circumstances become unnecessary, or the subject matter whereof is pftMded for by or under the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, S6&37 Vict 1873, and the Acts amending it' or rules made pursuant thereto, or c‘ 66‘ for Other reasons, may properly be repealed, be now expressly and specifically repealed:

And wheteas it is expedient that in some respects the law relating to civil procedure be amended: B Be it therefore enacted by the.Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and With thd advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision and Civil Short title. Procedure Act, 1883.

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. It shall Extent and come into operation on the twenty-fourth; day of October one ""eDCe' thousand eight hundred and eighty-three.

3. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are Repeal of hereby repealed, subject to the; exbeptioiiS1 and qualifications men-ribbed in this' Act and ih that schedule, ‘

4. The enactments mentioned in Part H, Of the schedule to the Repeal of

Civil Procedure Acts' Repeal Act, 1879, are hereby , repealed. scheduled in

5. The repeal effected by this Act shall not affect — 42 & 43 Vict..

Anything done or suffered before the passing of this Act c- 5f-: under any enactment repealed by this Act; or ' Savings.

Any jurisdiction' or principle- or rule of law or equity !eStablished£pir confirmed, or: right pr privilege acquired, or ' duty or liability imposed Or incurred, or compensation "^secured by or under any enactment repealed by this Act; or V ,(£)-;Any right-.to any hereditary revenues of thb Crown or any charges thereon ;4 or-

The repeal, cortfirmation, revival, or perpetuation by any -T/J enactment repealed, by this a Act of any enactment not repealed by this Act; or j

The appUcarion or incorporation of any enactment repealed; by\this Act by or under any enactment not repealed by this *' Act, or by;br under any Ord<^_, in/Council, so long as such Order remains in- force.

0. (a.) This Act shall -Hot be deemed to revive.,Or restore any Abolished^ jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, pero^l,re not custom, right, title, privilege; restriction, exemption* usage, practice, revi I f .^[2^o?T5. Price '2d,] P

226 Ch. 49. Statute Law Revision and Civil Procedure Act 46 & 47 Vict.

procedure, or other matter or thing not existing or in force at the passing of this Act.

as & 39 Vict. (6.) No enactment repealed by virtue of section thirty-three of «. "7. the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1876, shall be revived by

reason of the annulment or alteration by any new Rules of Court of the rules contained in the First Schedule to that Act.

(c.) The enactments relating to the making of Rules of Court contained in the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875, and the Acts amending it, shall be deemed to extend and apply to the matters contained in and regulated by the enactments repealed by this Act.

Application of 7. If and in so far as any enactment repealed by this Act, or by menfainlocal* Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act, 1879, applies, or may have courts. been by Order in Council applied, to the court of the county pala-

tine of Lancaster, or to any inferior court of civil jurisdiction, such enactment shall be construed as if it were contained in a Local and Personal Act specially relating to such court, and shall have effect accordingly.

Power to apply 8. It shall be lawful for the Queen from time to time, by Order visions Pf° *n ^ounc^> extend to any inferior court of civil jurisdiction any

Judicature of the provisions of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873,

Acts and rules and Acts amending it, or of the Rules of Court made thereunder,

to inferior with any such modifications as may be necessary or desirable, in

'coup's / e/

the same manner as and to the like extent that the provisions of the Common Law Procedure Acts, 3852, 1854, and 1860, and of the general rules made thereunder, might, under the powers given by those Acts, have been extended to any such court.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments kepealed.

This schedule is to be read as referring to the Revised Edition of the Statutes prepared under the direction of the Statute Law Committee in all cases of statutes included in that edition.

The chapters of the statutes are described by the marginal abstracts given in that edition.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

11 Hen. | c. 12. 23 Hen. 8. c. 15.

I Anne, c. 25., in part.-

1 Will. 4. c. 21.

1 Will. I c. 22., in part.

1 & 2 Will. 4.

c. 58. h 5 & 6 Vict. c. 69.

An Acte to admytt such psons as are poore to sue in forma pauperis.

An Acte that the defendant shall recover costs againste the pleyntif if the pleyntiff be nonsuited, or if the verdicte passe againste mm.

An Act the title whereof begins with the words "An Act for rendering," and ends with the words " in corporations and boroughs."

In part; namely, — section one from the words " For remedy whereof" down to the end of the section. Section two, section three, and section six.

An Act to improve the proeedings in prohibition and on writs of mandamus.

An Act to enable courts of law to order the examination of witnesses upon interrogatories and otherwise.

In part; namely, — section three, section four, section five, section eight, section nine, section ten, section eleven.

An Act to enable courts of law to give relief against adverse claims made upon persons having no interest in the subject of such claims.

| An Act for perpetuating testimony in certain cases.

1883. Statute Law Revision & Civil Procedure Act, 1883. Ch. 49, 50.

227

6 & 7 Vict. c. 67.

13 & 14 Vicfc.

c. 85.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 76., in part.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 80., in part.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 86., in part.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 125., in part.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 67.

21 & 22 Vict. o. 27.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 38., in part.

23 & 24 Vict. c.126., in part.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 42.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 64.

An Act to enable parties to sue out and prosecute writs of error in certain cases upon the proceedings on writs of mandamus.

An Act to diminish the delay and expense of proceedings in the High Court of Chancery in England.

The Common Law Procedure Act, 1852.

In part; namely, — the whole Act except sect. 23; sects. 104 to 108; sect. 110; sects. 112 to 115; sect. 126; sect. 127; sect. 132; sects. 208 to 220; sect. 226; sect. 235; and sect. 236.

An Act to abolish the office of Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery, and to make provision for the more speedy and efficient despatch of business in the said Court.

In part; namely, — sects. 11 to 15, 26 to 34, 36, 40, 42, 43, 53, 56. An Act to amend the Practice and Course of Proceeding in the High Court of Chancery.

In part; namely, — sects. 3 to 21, sects. 25 to 42, sects. 44 to 47, sects. 49 to 62, sect. 66, and the schedule. /

The Common Law Procedure Act, 1854.

In part; that is to say, the whole Act except sects. 3 to 17, sects. 20 to 30, sect. 59, sect. 87, sect. 89, sects. 103, 106, and 107. The Summary Procedure on Bills of Exchange Act, 1855.

The Chancery Amendment Act, 1858.

An Act to further amend the law of property.

In part; namely, — sect. 14.

The Common Law Procedure Act, 1860.

The whole Act, except sect. 1, sect. 17, sect. 22, sects. 45 and 46. The Chancery Regulation Act, 1862.

An Act to make further provision for the despatch of business in the Court of Appeal in Chancery.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. [25th August 1883.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United King- 23,734,011/. dom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good consolidated the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year Fund.

228

Ch. 50. Appropriation Act, 1883. 48 & 47 Vict.

ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, the sum of twenty-three million seven hundred and thirty-four thousand and eleven pounds.

Power for the 2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may borrow Treasury to from time to time, on the credit of the said sum of twenty-three borrow. million seven hundred and thirty-four thousand and eleven pounds, any t um or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Goxints.

Appropriation 3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in s6 r Schedule $L) annexed to this Act' out of the said Consolidated Fund SI y Set" towards making good the isupply granted to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said Schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of fifty-seven million four hundred and eighty-five thousand nine hundred and eighty-height pounds nine shillings and eightpence, are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the purposes and services expressed in Schedule (JB.) afinexcd.hereto^-j,(1(1- f .

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the

notes (if Any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this

Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body

thereof.,., odf "foegeoxs&Lbeaile^ «ww yd hybii

Treasury may, 4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided

in certain cases for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this

of exigency, Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to authorise * r

expenditure postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the

unprovided usual course, each of the departments entrusted with the control

that th°Videtl over the said services shall forthwith make application in writing gate grants^for to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their authority the navy ser- to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which thTarrny *°r may have been or which may be effected by the. saving of expen-servicesrespec- diture upon votes within the same department, and in such appli-tively be not cation the department shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the said Commissioners to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the

22&

1883. Appropriation Act, 1883. Ch. 50.

year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the ganction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the powers Sanction for vested in them by the Act of the session held in the forty-fourth nav-5' aad an?y

v t / expenditure tor

and forty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter issi-82 unfifty-six, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums provided for. appropriated by the said Act to certain votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, to be temporarily defrayed out of the balances (including surpluses of appropriations in aid) unexpended in respect of the sums appropriated to certain other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. Expenditure of one hundred and twenty-one thousand and sixty-seven pounds and eightpence excluding twenty-seven pounds and twelve shillings disallowed by a Committee of the House of Commons, for certain navy services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed out of the unexpended balances of certain votes for navy services, aided by the sum realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid.

2d. Expenditure of two hundred and eighty-one thousand eight hundred and four pounds fourteen shillings and twopence for certain army services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed out of the unexpended balances of certain votes for army services, aided by the sum realised in excess of the estimated appropriations in aid:

It is enacted, that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be Declaration made in pursuance of this Act for half pay, or army, navy, or civil tain^ases11 °er" non-effective services until he has subscribed such declaration as before receipt may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Com- of sums appro-missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury before one of the persons pnated' prescribed by such warrant.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation short title of Act, 1883. 1 Act-

46 & 47 VICTi

230 Ch. 50. App'opriation Act, 1883.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund ... - 57,485,988 9 g‘

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

1882-83.

Part 1. Civil Services Deficiencies, 1881-82 -, 2. Army Deficiencies 1881-82 -

, 3. Civil Services and Revenue departments (Supplementary) 1882-83 -

, 4. Navy (Supplementary) 1882-83 , 5. Army (Supplementary) 1882-83 , 6. Egypt (Civil Charges of Expedition) 1882-83 -, 7. Egyptian Expedition (Grant in Aid) 1882-83 -, 8. Transvaal, 1882-83

£ s. d.

3,706 7 2

44,197 2 6

576,555 0 0

350,000 0 0

728.000 0 0

17,500 0 0

500,000 0 0

14,000 0 0

1883-84.

, 9. Navy -

, 10. Army - -

, 11. Army (Indian Home Charges)

12. Civil Services, , Class I.

13. Ditto, Class II. ^'m

14. Ditto, Class HI. | .

15. Ditto, Class IV. A

16. Ditto, Class V.

17. Ditto, Class VI.

18. Ditto, Class VII. - .

Total Civil Services -

, 19. Revenue departments, &c.

, 20. Advances for Greenwich Hospital and School , 21. Afghan War (Grants in Aid) .

1,926,116

2,374,809

6,426,969

4,803,656

603,184

1,178,502

35,035

10,752,300 0 0 15,604,400 0 0 1,230,000 0 0

17,348,271 0 0_

9,662,727 0 0 154,332 0 0 500,000 0 0

57,485,988 9 8

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the years ending 31st March 1882 and 1883; viz.

Under Act 46 Vict. c. 2. - -

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1884: —

Under Act 46 Vict. c. 2.

Under Act 46 Vict. c. 5. - , -

Under Act 46 Vict. c. 13.

Under Act 46 & 47 Vict. c. 23. - -

Under this Act - . . - . ..

£ 8. I

- 2,233,958 9 8

- 4,121,300 0 0

- 6,240,100 0 0

- 5,973,912 0 0

- 15,182,707 0 0

. 23,734,011 0 0

Total -

. 57,485,988 9 8

Ch. 50.

231

Appropriation Act, 1883.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Civil Services Deficiencies, 1881-82.

Schedule of Sums granted; to make good deficiencies on the several grants herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1882; viz. : —

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class II.

Board of Trade - -

Civil Service Commission - -

Fishery Board, Scotland -

Class III.

Law Charges and Criminal Prosecutions, Ireland Supreme. Court of Judicature, Ireland - -

Dublin Metropolitan Police -

Class V.

Suppression of the Slave Trade

Orange River Territory and St. Helena (Non-Effective Charges)

Class VI.

Pauper Lunatics, Scotland -

Total ...

£ $. d.

- - 553 5 6

- - 5 14 5

.. - 20 6 10

; 222 17 0

. . . . 1,080 10 4

- - 1,551 16 O

142 5 11

. 129 0 8

? 0 5 6

- - 3,706 7 2

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Army Deficiencies, 1881-82.

For making good Excesses of Army Expenditure beyond the Grants for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1882 - -

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments Supplementary, 1882-83.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1883; viz.: —

£ 8. d.

44,197 2 6

CIVIL SERVICES. Class I.

Royal Parks and Pleasure Grounds -Houses of Parliament -

County Court Buildings Harbours under the Board of Trade -Rates on Government Property 1 / -Shannon Navigation -

Royal University, Ireland, Buildings Diplomatic and Consular Buildings -

Class II.

Foreign Office -

Board of Trade -

Charity Commission - - -

Civil Service Commission - - -

Friendly Societies Registry -

Stationery and Printing -

Office of Works -

Fishery Board, Scotland - -

Household of Lord Lieutenant Chief Secretary for Ireland Offices Record Office, Ireland

2,400

5,200

1,700

350

6,700-

4,741

1,000

2,000

6,300

3,500

2,053

465

500

20,280

1,100

627

18

2,750

142

232

Ch. 50.

Appropriation Act, 1883.

. Class III.

Wreck Commission -Revising Barristers, England Law Charges and Criminal Prosecutions, Ireland Irish Land Commission ... County Court Officers, &c., Ireland -Dublin Metropolitan Police -. Prisons, Ireland

Class IV.

Public Education, England and Wales British Museum -

London University ...

Deep Sea Exploring Expedition (Report)

Sydney and Melbourne Exhibitions -

Class V.

Diplomatic Servipes -"Consular Services -

Suppression of the Slave Trade Suez Caual (British Directors)

Grants in Aid of Expenditure in certain Colonies South Africa and St. Helena -Subsidies to Telegraph Companies

Class VI.

Superannuations and Retired Allowances Commutation of Annuities

Class VII.

Temporary Commissions Miscellaneous Expenses Repayment^to Civil Contingencies Fund

Total Civil Services

'Customs - *

Inland Revenue Post Office - t' Post Office Packet Service Telegraphs -

Grand Total

46 & y

1,700

210

40,000

45,032

15,410

33,020

3,000

. 42,122

" 2,050

- 130

600

63

31,312

1,750

1,182

128

3,500

2,059

6,600

4,500

' 4,060

500

. 450

- - 7,851

- 309,055

s.. ' 17,000

11,000

138,500

. - 14,000

87,000

- - 576,555

ICT.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Navy (Supplementary, 1882-83).

For defraying additional Expenditure arising out of military operations in Egypt, incurred during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1883 beyond the Sums granted by Parliament - -. - I -

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

Army, Supplementary, 1882-83.

For defraying additional Expenditure incurred .during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1883, for Army Services consequent'on the despatch of an Expeditionary Force to Egypt -

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

Egypt (Civil Charges of Expedition), 1882-83.

For defraying the expenses incurred during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1833, for certain Civil Charges in connexion with the Expedition to Egypt - -

350.000 £

728.000

Appropriation Act, 1883.

Ch. 50.

233

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

Egyptian Expedition (Grant in Aid), 1882-83.

For a grant in aid of the Expenditure incurred during the year ended on the £ 31st day of March 1883, by the Government of India upon the Expedition to Egypt - - . . . - 500,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

Transvaal, 1882-83.

For defraying the Expenditure incurred during the year ended on the 31st day £ of March 1883, connected with the Transvaal - - . « . 14,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9. NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of ,March 1884; viz. : —

No.

1. For wages, &c. to 57,250 .seamen, and marines *

2. For-victuals and clothing for seamen and marines *

3. For the expenses of the Admiralty.Office , ‘ - * r

4. For the expense of the coast guard service, the royal naval reserve,

and seamen and marine pensioners reserve, and royal naval artillery voluhtedra - - eu=-w' >.*w

5. For the expense of the several scientific departments of the navy

6. For the expense of the dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad

7. For the expense of the victualling yards at home and abroad

8. For the expense Of the medical establishments-at home and abroad

9. For-the-expense of the Marine Divisions ----

f 10. Sect. 1. For naval stores for building, repairing, and outfitting the fleet and coast guard v - . ..... . . *

I , Sect. 2. For steam machinery, and Ships built by contract, &c.

11. For new works, buildings, machinery, and repairs in the naval establish-

ments fw hi .' - - i- -

12. For medicines, medical stores, &o. - ‘ -

13. For martial law, &e._^ - ,. f! - 4 ( 'f-'

14. For the expense of various miscellaneous services .

15. For half pay, reserved half pay, and retired pay to officers of the

navy and marines - -

f16. Sect. 1. For military pensions and allowances - -

I , Sect. 2. For civil pensions and allowances .....

17. For freight of ships, for the victualling and conveyance of troops, on account of the army department - -

r Total Navy Services - - £

Sums not exceeding

2,633,300

937,400

182,300

195,800

113,100

1,556,400

71,000

64,900

22,300

1,062,500

1,052,600

462,400

60,600

10,400

119,600

8.64,800

876,900

329,700

136,300

10,752,300

Ch. 50.

Appropriation Act, 1883.

46 & 47 Vict.

234

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10. ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges for the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the general staff and regimental pay, allowances, and charges of Her

Majesty's land forces at home and abroad, exclusive of charges on India

2. For divine service - r - , - -

3. 'For administration of military law - - -

4 For medical establishments and services -

5. For the pay and allowances of a force of militia, not exceeding 137,674

men, including 30,000 militia reserve -

6. For the yeomanry cavalry pay and allowances -

7. For the volunteer corps pay and allowances .....

8. For the pay and allowances of a number of army reserve first class, not

exceeding 31,000, and of the army reserve second class

9. For commissariat, transport and ordnance store establishments, wages, &c.

10. For provisions, forage, fuel, transport and other services - -

11. For clothing establishments, services, and supplies -

12. For the supply, manufacture, and repair of warlike and other stores,

including establishments of manufacturing departments

13. For superintending establishment of, and expenditure for, works,

I buildings, and repairs at home and abroad -

14 For establishments for military education - -

15.. For. miscellaneous effective services - - ...

16. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office

17. For rewards for distinguished services, &c., exclusive of charges on India

18. For half-pay, &c., of field marshals, and of general, regimental, and

Departmental officers, exclusive of charges on India

19. For retired pay, retired full pay, and gratuities, for reduced and retired

officers, including payments awarded by Army Purchase Commissioners, exclusive of charges on India

20. For widows' pensions and gratuities, for allowances on the compassionate

list, and for the relief fund, &c., exclusive'of charges on India -

21. For pensions and gratuities to officers for wounds - -, -

22. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners thereof

23. For the out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for pensions granted to

discharged Negro soldiers, and for gratuities awarded in lieu of pensions, exclusive of charges on India -

24. For superannuation allowances - . _ .

25. For retired allowances, &c. to officers of the militia, yeomanry, and

volunteer forces - .t. v - - .

.Total Army Services - - . £

4,121,300

56.000 36,900

311.000

520.000

69.000

562.800

278.000 419,600

3,117,000

784.000

1,269,500

739,400

127,300

34.000

241.800 22,800

80.000

1,134,000

118,200

16,000

32,900

1,269,900

195,000

48,000

15,604,400

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

Army (Indian Home Charges).

For the sum to be transferred in aid of Army Grants to meet the charge incurred in recruiting and training officers and men, and in defraying the non-effective expenditure for the regular forces serving in India, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1884 - , . . £

1,230,000

1883.

Appropriation Act, 1883.

Ch. 50.

235

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class L

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Sebvices herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year endin^-on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the maintenance and repair of the royal palaces (including a supple-[ mentary sum of 4,0007.) - * - -

. 2. For the maintenance and repair of Marlborough House -

3. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens -

4. For the buildings of the Houses of Parliament (including a supple-

mentary sum of 4,8951.) - -

5. For the execution and ereotion of a statue in the Collegiate Church of

St. Peter,1 Westminster, to the memory of the late Right Honourable Benjamin Disraeli, Earl of Beaconsfield, K.G., P.C. ...

6. For the maintenance and repair of public buildings in Great Britain and

the Isle of Man, including various special works; for providing the necessary supply of water; for rents of houses hired for accommodation of public departments, and charges attendant thereon -

7. For the acquisition of a site for the Admiralty and War Office, and

preliminary expenses, under the provisions of the Public Offices Site ' Act, 1882 - V

8. For the supply and repair of furniture in the public departments of Great

r - Britain - -

9. For the expenses of the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post

Office Telegraph Buildings, in Great Britain, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services - -

10. For new buildings for county courts, maintenance and repair of courts,

supply of furniture, fuel, &c., and for charges attendant thereon

11. For charges connected with Metropolitan Police Court Buildings

12. ' For one half of the expense of erecting or improving court houses or

offices for the sheriff courts in Scotland, and the expense of maintaining the courts erected or improved -

13. For the purchase of a site, erection of building, and other expenses for

the new courts of justice and offices belonging thereto - -

14. For the survey of the United Kingdom, including the revision of the

survey of Ireland, maps for use in proceedings before the Land Judges in Ireland, publication of maps, and engraving the geological survey -

15. For erecting and maintaining new buildings, including rents, &c., for

the Department-of Science and Art - .

16. For the maintenance and repair of the British Museum and Natural

History Museum buildings, for rents of premises, supply of water, fuel, &c., and charges attendant thereon

17. For the erection and fittings of a Natural History Museum

18. For maintaining certain harbours, &c. under the Board of Trade

(including a supplementary sum of 5,3237.) - -

19. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates in respect of Government

property, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department: .

20. For contribution to the funds for the establishment and maintenance of a

fire brigade in the metropolis ? -

21. In aid of the cost of maintenance of distumpiked and main roads in

England and Wales during the year ended on the 25th day of Maroh 1888

22. In aid of the cost of maintenance of disturnpiked roads in Scotland during

the year ended Whitsuntide 1883 - .

40.053

2,953

113,322

40,115

1,050

147,762

100,000

16,730

334,312

35,150

6,175

9,520

51,013

242,500

20,879

8,338

13,726

15,016

211,880

10,000

200,000

25,000

233

Cn. 50.

Appropriation Act, 1883.

40 & 47 Vict.

No.

23. For erection, repairs, and maintenance of the several public works and buildings under the department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and for the erection of fishery piers, and the maintenance of certain parks, harbours, and navigations -24 For enclosing, adapting, and furnishing existing buildings purchased, and for additions to them for the purposes of the Royal University, Ireland

25. For expenses preparatory to, and of the erection of the Museum of Science

and Art in Dublin, and of additions to the School of Art in Dublin

26. For erecting and maintaining certain lighthouses abroad -

27. For diplomatic and consular buildings, including rents and furniture,

and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad -

Sums not exceeding

210,546

21,000

10,000

11,253

27,823

Total Civil Services, Class I.

1,926,116

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.

Sums not exceeding

No. ' : rm\ i; io :7

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Lords

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons (including

a supplementary sum of 500Z.) ----

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury

and in the office of the Parliamentary Counsel -

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary of

State for the Home Department and subordinate offices

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary

of State for Foreign Affairs .....

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary

of State for the Colonies, including certain expenses connected with Emigration - -

7. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most

Honourable Privy Council and subordinate departments

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Lord Privy Seal

9. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council

for Trade, and subordinate departments -

10. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and

Wales - . * - t-

11. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission

12. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and

Auditor General, including the Chancery Audit Branch

13. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies

14. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Land Commissioners for

England, and for defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in matters of Inclosure and Drainage .....

15. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board, including

various grants in aid of local taxation .....

16. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lnnacv in

England -

43,485

51,557

59,017

92,904

67,263

40,379

30,513

1,000

125,233

30,434

32,347

57,220

8,519

24,509

431,047

15,159

Appropriation Act, 1S83.

Ch. 50.

2.37

No.

17. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of the

coinage - . - - . « .

18. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office -

19. For charges connected with the Patent Law Amendment Act, the

Registration of Trade Marks Act, and the Registration of Designs Act

20. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Paymaster

General in London and Dublin - -

21. For salaries and expenses of the establishments under the Public Works

Loan Commissioners - - .

22. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England

23. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of

Births,' &c. in England -

24. For stationery, printing, and paper, binding, and printed books, for the — several departments of Government in England, Scotland, and Ireland,

and some dependencies, and for the two Houses of Parliament; for the salaries and expenses of the Establishment of the Stationery Office, and the cost of Stationery Office publications, and, of the Gazette Offices; and for sundry miscellaneous "services, including a grant in aid of the publication of Parliamentary Debates -

25. For salaries and expenses of the office of Woods, Forests, and Land

Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -

26. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her

Majesty's Works and Public Buildings ' - -

27.. -In aid of the Mercantile Marine-Fond iuhi-j I * - .. ;

28. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services ' - V > , .

29. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Queen's and Lord

Treasurer's Remembrancer in Exchequer, Scotland, of certain officers u ini Scotland, and other charges formerly on the hereditary revenue

30. : For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland, and for grants

— in-add-6f piers or quays -

31. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland

32.1 For salaries and expenses of the-department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland' -

33. ' For salaries and expenses of the Board of Supervision for Relief of the

Poor, and for expenses-under the Public Health and Vaccination Acts,

' including certain grants in aid of local taxation in Scotland

34. For salaries'of the officers and attendants of the household of the Lord

' Lieutenant of Ireland and other expenses -

35. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord

Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and subordinate departments - nPi ' - ...

36. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable

Donations and Bequests for Ireland -

37. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland,

including various grants in aid of local taxation ...

38. ' For salaries and expenses-of the Office of Public Works-in Ireland

39. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Keeper of

the State Papers in Ireland

40. For salaries and expenses of tho department of the Registrar General

of Births, &c., and for expenses of the collection of agricultural and emigration statistics in Ireland - - . . ' .

41. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of

Ireland - ' MU - - .

Total Givil Services, Class II.

Sums not exceeding

67,207

15,832

32,557

26,784

9,470

22,896

62,985

539,110

23,232

49,144 40,000 23,000

6,758

17,740

6,044

8,321

28,443

7,527

42,155

2,120,

135,482

51,262

6,308 |

16,061

23,785

2,374,809

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No. £

1. For the salaries of the law officers, the salaries and expenses of the depart- ment of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and of the department of the Queen's Proctor for divorce interventions, the costs of prosecutions, including those relating to the coin, and to bankruptcy, and of other legal proceedings conducted by those departments, and various other legal expenses, including Statute Law Revision and Parliamentary Agency ..... 2. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Director of Public Pro- 84,006

secutions - . - . -3. For criminal prosecutions at assizes and quarter sessions in England, and for adjudications under the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, for sheriffs expenses, salaries to clerks of assize and other officers, compensation to clerks of the peace and others, and for expenses incurred under Extra- .3,867

- dition Treaties - ... 195,880

4. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Chancery Division of the High Court of-Justice, of the Court of Appeal, and of the Supreme Court of Judicature, exclusive of the Central Office, as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund - - 168,237 r

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Central Office of the Supreme Court of Judicature, the salaries and expenses of the Judges' Clerks and other Officers, of the District Registrars of the High Court, the remuneration of the Judges' Marshals, and certain circuit and other expenses 6. For salaries and expenses of the Registries of Probate and Divorce and - Matrimonial Causes, &c., in the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Divi- 115,459

sion of the High Court of Justice ..... 7. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Admiralty Registrar and Marshal of the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division of the High 88,696

Court of Justice - - 8. For salaries and expenses of th9 office of the Wreck Commissioner 9. For such of the salaries and expenses of the London Bankruptcy Court as 10,918 13,375

are not charged on the-Consolidated Fund . . 10. For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts 11. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Land Registry - 12. For the expense of revising barristers in England - - 13. For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London and Sheerness - 14. For contribution toward the expenses of the metropolitan police, and of the horse patrol, and Thames police, and. for the salaries of the Commissioner, Assistant Commissioners, and Receiver (including a supple- 34,677 454,122 5,442 18,690 15,638

mentary sum of 15,3281.) ---- 15. For certain expenses connected with the police in counties and boroughs 515,233

in England and Wales, and with the police in Scotland -15a. For rewards awarded by the Government to the police and others, through whom the persons concerned in the Dynamite Outrages were 949,298

detected - 1,500

16. For the expenses of the Directors of convict establishments in England and the Colonies, and of the convict establishments under their control 411,103

17. For the expenses of the Prisons Commissioners, England, and of the prisons under their control ..... 18. For the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and for the salaries and expenses 481,852

of the Inspectors of Reformatories ..... 19. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic 268,518

Asylum, England, and of one criminal lunatic in Bethlem Hospital 20. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate's department and others connected with criminal proceedings in Scotland, including certain 26,720

allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83. - > 64,370

Appropriation Act, 1883.

Ch. 50.

239

Sams not exceeding

No.

21. For salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland

and other legal charges - . ' . '

22. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's General Register

House, Edinburgh - - '

23. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the

prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial statistics

24. For the expense of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland,

including certain allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83.

25. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature

in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund

26. For salaries and incidental expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland

27. For salaries and expenses of the Admiralty Court Registry in Ireland

28. For salaries and expenses of the Office for the Registration of Deeds in

Ireland -

29. For salaries and expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments

in Ireland -

30. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission -

31. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers,

and of magistrates in Ireland, and of the revising barristers of the city of Dublin - . .. - -

32. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioners of Police, of the police

courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin -

33. For the expenses of the Constabulary Force in Ireland ...

34. ' For the expense of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the

prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals -

35. For the expenses of reformatories and industrial schools in Ireland

36. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in D undrum Criminal Lunatic

Asylum, Ireland — -

62,506

37,491

109,670

100,235

89,651

10,213

1,285

18,727

2,344

157,381

99,720

139,488

1,421,345

145,689

96,968

6,645

Total Civil Services, Class III.

6,426,969

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For public education in England and Wales, including the expenses of the

Education Office in London - -

2. For salaries and expenses of the Department of Science and Art, and of

the establishments connected therewith -

3. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including the amount

required for the Natural History Museum ..... 3a. For the purchase of certain manuscripts from the collection of the Earl of Ashburnham -

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery - -

5. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery

6. For grants in aid of the expenditure of certain learned societies in Great

Britain and Ireland

7. For salaries and expenses of the University of London ...

8. In aid of the expenses of Aberystwith College -

2,938,930

365,690

146,019

45,000

14,930

2,157

23,650

11,749

4,000

240

Ch. 50.

Appropriation Act, 1883.

46 & *7 V,a

9. For preparing an account of the scientific results of the expedition of Her Majesty's ship " Challenger" in 1873, 1874, 1875, and 1876, to investigate the physical and biological conditions of the great ocean basins, and of arranging the collections made during the expedition

10. For the salaries and expenses connected with observations of the Transit

of Venus 1882 .....

11. For public education in Scotland ----

12. For grants to Scottish Universities -

13. For the annuity to the Board of Trustees of manufactures in Scotland, in

discharge of equivalents under the Treaty of Union, to be applied in maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, and for the exhibition of the Torrie Collection of Works of Art, and for other purposes -13a. For a contribution towards the establishment of a National Portrait Gallery for Scotland -

14. For public education under the Commissioners of National Education in

Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 100Z.) - - .

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National School Teachers' Super-

annuation Office, Dublin ----

16. For the salary and expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Educa-

tion in Ireland appointed for the regulation of endowed schools

17. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, and for the

purchase of pictures -

18. In aid of the expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland -

19. In aid of the expenses of the Royal Irish Academy - -

Sums not

exceeding

5,800

1,070

465,723

19,052

2,100

10,000

726,339

1,860

670

2,189

14,728

2,000

Total Civil Services, Class TV.

4,803,656

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 16.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No. £

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad (including a supplementary sum of 6,000Z.) - 213,300

2. For consular establishments abroad, and for other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote - 252,477

3. For expenses of the mixed commissions established under the treaties with foreign powers for suppressing the traffio in slaves, and of other establishments in connection with that object, including the Muscat subsidy - - 10,294

4. For tonnage bounties, bounties on slaves, costs of captors, &c., and expenses of the Liberated African Department - - 7,571

5. For salaries and expenses of the three representatives of Her Majesty's Government on the Council of Administration of the Suez Canal Company - 1,670

6. In aid of colonial local revenue, and for the salaries and allowances of governors, &c., and for other charges connected with the colonies, including expenses incurred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875 28,801

7. For certain charges connected with the Orange River Territory, the Transvaal, Zululand, and the island of St. Helena (including a supplementary sum of .3,8081.). - 12,525

No.

8. For subsidies to telegraph companies and for the salary of the Official

Director - -

9. In aid of the revenue of the island of Cyprus -

10. For the repayment of the balance of the amount advanced out of the Civil Contingencies Fund, for payment to the United States Government in settlement of the Fortune Bay Fishery Claims -

Total Civil Services, Class Y. - £

Sums not exceeding

£~

35,300

30,000

11,246

603,184

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 17.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.: —

No.

1.

2.

3:

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

Sums not exceeding

For superannuation and retired allowances to persons formerly employed in the public service, and for compassionate or other special allowances and gratuities awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury ----

For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to their m. widows and children ----

In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in England and Wales - - , - -

In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Scotland In aid of the local cost, of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Ireland For the support of certain hospitals and infirmaries in Ireland For making good the deficiency. arising from payments for interest to friendly societies - -

For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland For enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to commute, under the provisions of the Act 36 & 37 Vict. c. 57. or otherwise, certain annuities charged on the Exchequer .....

For compassionate grants to certain kin of the late William Cochrane in respect to the forfeiture of deposits made by him in the He wry Savings Bank -

Total Civil Services, Class VI. - £

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 18.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

448,737

23,400

447,500

83,500

93,000

16,925

48,588

3,788

3,642

8,422

1,000

1,178,502

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and incidental expenses of temporary commissions and com-

mittees, including special inquiries

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses ---- .

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £

Sums not exceeding

29,123

5,912

35,035

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 19.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, Ac. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ebding on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department -

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of Post

Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue (including a supplementary sum of 339,4661.) - .....

4. For the Post Office packet service -

5. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office telegraph service (including

a supplementary sum of200,0001.)

1,006,785

1,768,366

4,463,218

706,285

1,718,073

Total Revenue Departments

9,662,727

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 20.

Greenwich Hospital and School.

Advances during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1884 for defraying £

the expenses of Greenwich Hospital and School ..... 154,332

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 21.

Afghan War (Grant in aid).

For paying an instalment of a grant in aid of the expenditure incurred by the Government of India upon the war in Afghanistan in the years 1878-80, which will become due and payable during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1884 -

CHAPTER 51.

An Act for the better prevention of Corrupt and Illegal Practices at Parliamentary Elections.

[25th August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Gorrwpt Practices.

What is 1. Whereas under section four of the Corrupt Practices Prevention-

treating. Act, 1854, persons other than candidates at Parliamentary elections are not liable to any punishment for treating, and it is expedient to make such persons liable; he it therefore enacted in substitution for the said section four as follows: —

(1.) Any person who corruptly by himself or by any other person, either before, during, or after an election, directly or indirectly

500,000

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51. 243

gives or provides, or pays wholly or in part the expense of giving or providing, any meat drink entertainment or provision to or for any person, for the purpose of corruptly influencing that person or any other person to give or refrain from giving his vote at the election, or on account of such person or any other person having voted or refrained from voting, or being about to vote or refrain from voting at such election, shall be guilty of treating.

(2.) And every elector who corruptly accepts or takes any such meat drink entertainment or provision shall also be guilty of treating.

2. Every person who shall directly or indirectly, by himself or by what is undue any other person on his behalf, make use of or threaten to make influence, use of any force, violence, or restraint, or inflict or threaten to

inflict, by himself or by any other person, any temporal or spiritual injury, damage, harm, or loss upon or against any person in order to induce or compel such person to vote or refrain from voting, or on account of such person having voted or refrained from voting at any election, or who shall by abduction, duress, or any fraudulent device or contrivance impede or prevent the free exercise of the franchise of any elector, or shall thereby compel, induce, or prevail upon any elector either to give or to refrain from giving his vote at any election, shall be guilty of undue influence.

3. The expression " corrupt practice " as used in this Act means what is cor-any of the following offences; namely, treating and undue influence, ruP4 practice, as defined by this Act, and bribery, and personation, as defined by

the enactments set forth in Part III. of the Third Schedule to this Act, and aiding, abetting, counselling, and procuring the commission of the offencejof personation, and every offence which is a corrupt practice within the meaning of this Act shall be a corrupt practice within the meaning of the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868. ^ict-

4. Where upon the trial of an election petition respecting an p‘iiri;aTi'mpTit f election for a county or borough the election court, by the report candidate made to the Speaker in pursuance of section eleven of the Parlia- found, on mentary Elections Act, 1868, reports that any corrupt practice other tion guihy1" than treating or undue influence has been proved to have been com- personally of mitted in reference to such election by or with the knowledge and corrupt prac-consent of any candidate at such election, or that the offence of 32 ,. treating or undue influence has been proved to have been committed c. 125.

in reference to such election by any candidate at such election, that candidate shall not be capable of ever being elected to or sitting in the House of Commons for the said county or borough, and if he has been elected, his election shall be void; and he shall further be subject to the same incapacities as if at the date of the said report he had been convicted on an indictment of a corrupt practice.

5. Upon the trial of an election petition respecting an election for pnnigtimont of a county or borough, in which a charge is made of any corrupt candidate practice having been committed in reference to such election; the found, on election court shall report in writing to the Speaker whether any of tion/gaihy by the candidates at such election has been guilty by his agents of agents of any corrupt practice in reference to such election; and if the report corrupt precis that any candidate at such election has been guilty by his agents uces"

of any corrupt practice in reference to such |"election, that candidate

244

shall not be capable of being elected to or sitting in the House of Commons for such county or borough for seven years after the date of the report, and if he has been elected his election shall be void. Punishment of. (1.) A person who commits any corrupt practice other than SoT personation, or aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring the com-indictment of mission of the offence of personation, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, «Mropt prac- and on conviction on indictment shall be liable to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one year, or to be fined any sum not exceeding two hundred pounds.

(2.) A person who commits the offence of personation, or of aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring the commission of that offence, shall be guilty of felony, and any person convicted thereof On indictment shall be punished by imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, together with hard labour.

(3.) A person who is convicted on indictment of any corrupt practice shall (in addition to any punishment as above provided) be not capable during a period of seven years from the date of his conviction:

(a.) of being registered as an elector or voting at any election in the United Kingdom, whether it be a parliamentary election or an election for any public office within the meaning of this Act; or

(6.) of holding any public or judicial office within the meaning of this Act, and if he holds any such office the office shall be vacated.

(4.) Any person so convicted of a corrupt practice in reference to any election shall also be incapable of being, elected to and of sitting in the House of Commons during the seven years next after the date of his conviction, and if at that date he has'been elected to the House of Commons his election shall be vacated from the time of such conviction.

Illegal Practices.

Certain ezpen- 7. (1.) No payment or contract for payment shall, for the pur-practice P086 Prom°ting or procuring the election of a candidate at any ' election, be made —

(a.) on account of the conveyance of electors .to or from the poll, whether for the hiring of horses or carriages, or for railway fares, or otherwise; or (6.) to an elector on account of the use of any house, land, building, or premises for the exhibition of any address, bill, or notice, or on account of the exhibition of any address, bill, or notice; or

(c.) on account of any committee room in excess of the number allowed by the First Schedule to this Act.

(2.) Subject to such exception as may be allowed in pursuance of this Act, if any payment or contract for payment is knowingly made in contravention of this section either before, during, or after an election,- the person making such payment ‘or contract shall be guilty of an illegal practice, and any person- receiving such payment or being a party to any such contract, knowing the same to be in contravention of this Act, shall also be guilty of an illegal practice.

(3.)' Provided that where it is the ordinary business of an elector as an advertising agent to exhibit for payment bills and advertise-

245

1883. . Gori'wpt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

ments, a payment to or contract with such elector, if made in the 'ordinary course of business, shall not be deemed to be an illegal practice within the meaning of this section.

8. (1.) Subject to such exception as may be allowed in pursuance Expense in

of this Act, no sum shall be paid and no expense shall be incurred excess of maxi-by a candidate at an election or his election agent, whether before, jjje^jpnwtice during, or after an election, on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of such election, in excess of any maximum amount in that behalf specified in the first schedule to this Act.

Any candidate or election agent who knowingly acts in contravention of this section shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

9. (1.) If any person votes or induces or procures any person to Voting by provote at any election, knowing that he or such person is prohibited,

whether by this or any other Act from voting at such election, he of false stnte-shall be guilty of an illegal practice. ments of with-

.(2.) Any person who before or during an election knowingly to *

publishes a false statement of the withdrawal of a candidate at such election for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of another candidate shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(3.) ‘Provided that a candidate shall not be liable, nor shall his election be avoided, for any illegal practice under this section committed by his agent other than his election agent.

10. A person guilty of an illegal practice, whether under the foregoing sections or under the provisions hereinafter contained in p'Jaotice. this Act, shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds and be incapable during a period of

five years from the date of his conviction of being registered as an elector or voting at any election (whether it be a parliamentary election or an election for a public office within the meaning of this Act) held for or within the county or borough in which the illegal practice has been committed.

11. Whereas by sub-section fourteen of section eleven of the Report of

Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868, it ;is provided that where a elec^°" co^t charge is made in an election petition of any corrupt practice having p^ftice, been committed at the election to which the petition refers, the judge and punish-shall report in writing to the Speaker as follows: — . date found*"

(a.) " Whether any corrupt practice has or has not been proved to g^ty°by such " have been committed by or with the knowledge and consent report.

of any candidate at such election, and the nature of such vict*

1 " corrupt practice;,

(b.) "The names of all persons, if any, who have been proved at " the trial to have been guilty of any corrupt practice; ,

" Whether corrupt practices have, or whether there is reason

to believe corrupt practices have, extensively prevailed at the election to which the petition.relates":$

And whereas it is expedient to extend the said sub-section-to illegal practices:

Be it therefore enacted as follows:

Sub-section fourteen of section .eleven of the Parliamentary 31 & 32 Vict. Elections Act, 1868, shall apply as if that sub-section were herein c-,25-re-enacted with the substitution of illegal practice within the meaning of this Act for corrupt practice; and upon the trial of an election petition respecting an election for a county or borough,

the election court shall, import in writing .to the Speaker the particulars required by the: said sub-section as herein re-enacted, and shall also report whether any. candidate at: such election has been guilty by his agents of any illegal.practice within the meaning, of this Act in reference to such election, and the following com sequences shall ensue upon, the report by the election court to the Speaker; (that is to say,) , -.

(a.) If the report is that any illegal practice has been proved to have been > committed in reference to such. election by or with, the knowledge and, consent,of any candidate at such election, that candidate, shall not be capable of being elected; to or sitting in the House of Commons for the said county or borough for seven years next after, the date ;of the report, and if he has been elected his election shall be void; and he shall further be subject to the same incapacities as if at; the date of the report he,had been convicted of such illegal,practice; and ,

(6.) If.the report is that a candidal at ,such election has been guilty by his agents of any illegal practice in reference to such election^ that "candidate shall not he, capable of being elected to or sitting House of Commons for the said county, or

borough during,the Parliament for which the election was held, and if he has been&ele<*ted, his election shall be yoid.

12. Whereas,.by. the Election, commissioners Act, IS 52^ as amended'by the. Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868, it .is enacted that where, a joint" address of both Houses of Parliament represents to Her Majesty that, an election court has reported to the Speaker that corrupt practices have, or that there is reason to believe that corrupt practices have, extensively , prevailed, at an election in any county or borough, and prays Her Majesty to cause inquiry under.. that Act to be- made by person^ named in such address (being qualh fied as therein mentioned), it shall be lawful for Her Majesty tg appoint the said persons to be. election: commissioners for the( purpose of making inquiry.into the existence of such corrupt practices^ And whereas it is expedient to extend the said .enactments ta the case of illegal practices :.

Be it therefore enacted as follows : — .

When election commissioners have been- appointed in pursuance of the Election Commissioners Act, l852/and the enactments amending the same, they may make Jnqjuries and act and report as if ‘corrupt practices' in the said Act and the enactipents,amending the same included illegal practices; and the Election Commissioners Act, 1852, shall be'construed with such niodifications as are necessary for giving efifect this, sedtion, and the t expression * corrupt practice *r in* that Act shall have the same meaning as in this: Act.

Extension of 15 & 16 Vict c. 57. respecting election commissioners to illegal practices.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 57.

81 & 82 Vict. c. 125.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 57.

Providing of money for illegal practice or payment to be illegal payment

Illegal Ptttyrkent, Employment, and Eirvrig.

13. Where a pCmon^kft6wingly provides1 money for any payment which is contrary to the provisions of this Act, or for any expenses incurred in excess of any maximum amount allowed by this Act, or for replacing any money expended in any such payment or expenses, except where the same may have beep, ^previously allowed in. pursuance* of this Act to be an exception, such person shall he guilty of illegal payment.

1883. Corrupt (Mid Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51,

24T

14. (1.) A person shall not let, lend, or employ for the. purpose Employment of

of. the conveyance of electors to or from the poll, any public stage n^or'of" or hackney carriage, or any horse or other animal kept or used for mid

drawing the same, or any carriage, horse, or other a.nimp.1 which he h?rses kept for keeps or uses for the purpose of letting out for hire, and if he lets, hire*

lends, or employs such carriage, horse, or other animal, knowing that, it is intended to be used for the purpose of the conveyance of electors to or from the poll, .he shall be guilty x>f an. illegal hiring .. (2.) A person shall not hire, borrow, or.use for the purpose olthe conveyance of electors to or from the poll any carriage, horse, or other animal which he knows the, owner theropf is ,prohibited by this section to let, lend, or employ.for that purpose, and if hp does so he shall be guilty of an illegal hiring.

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall prevent a carriage, horse, or other animal being.let to or hired,employed, or used, by an electpr, or several electors at their joint cost, for the purpose of being conveyed to or from the poll.

(4.) No person shall he liable to pay any duty or to take out a license for any carriage by reason only of such carriage being used without payment or .promise'.of payment for the conveyance of electors to or from the poll at an eleptiop..

15. Any person who corruptly induces or procures any other Corrupt irith-

person to withdraw from beinga candidate at an. .election* in con- a

sideration of. any payment or, promise. ,of payment, shall be guilty tt

of illegal payment, and any r person withdrawing, in pursuance of such inducement, or procurement, shall also be guilty of illegal ,payment..

16. (1.) No payment of contract- for payment shall, for. the pur- Certain expen-pose of promoting or procuring the election-of a candidate tat any djturetobe election, - be made on. account; of bands of music, torches,) hags, ®gsUPaymen banners, cockades- ribbons, dr otter marks of distinetioni'

- :(2i) Suhj fecttd suchf exception1 as may be' allowed in pursuance of this Act, if any payment or contract for payment is made in contravention of this section, either d&fOre,: during, or after an election, the person making-such -payment shall be guilty, of illegal payment, and any person being a party to any such contract or receiving such payment shall also^ pe guilty of illegal payment if he; kne w that the same was made contrary tor'law.

17# (1.) No person shall, fri* -'ihS7pifrpose' of promoting 60 pro- Certain em-cUtihjg tKd; election of a candidate at any election, be engaged: or ni»:^?ent to be employed for payment or promise of payment for any purpose or in any capacity whatever, except for ‘jany purposes or capacities mentioned in the first or second p&rts Of the First Schedule to this Act,

Or except so far as payment ^authorised by the first dr secdhd parts of the First Schedule to this Act.<:

(2.) Subject to such exception as may he allowed in pursuance of this Act, if any person is Ongaged^or employed in contraventiofiAof this section, either-before,'during, or after an election, the person engaging or employip^him .shall be guilty of illegal employment, -and.the personjso. engaged or employed shall also be guilty of illegal employment if he kne-Wfthat he was engaged^ employed contrary ,* to law.

Name and ad- 18. Every bill, placard, or poster having reference to an election dress of printer Upon the face thereof the name and address of the printer

onp r and publisher thereof; and any person printing, publishing, or posting, or causing to be printed, published, or posted, any such bill,

*; placard, or poster as aforesaid, which fails to bear upon the face thereof the name and address of the printer and publisher, shall, if he is the candidate, or the election agent of the candidate, be guilty E of an illegal practice, and if he is hot the candidate, or the election

agent of a candidate, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

Swing for 19, The provisions of this Act prohibiting certain payments and contracts for payments, and the payment of any sum, and the incurring of any expense in excess of a certain maximum, shall not affect the right of any creditor, who, when the contract was made or the expense was incurred, was ignorant of the same being in contravention of this Act. in 20* (®-) Any premises on which the sale by wholesale or retail house for sale of any intoxicating liquor is authorised by a licence (whether the of intoxicating licence be for consumption on or off the premises), or fi-eshment^orin (&) Any premises where any intoxicating liquor is sold, or* ft elementary supplied to members of a club, society, or association other than a school, to be permanent political dub; or egal hiring. |||j > Any premises whereon refreshment of any kind, whether food or drink, is ordinarily sold for Consumption on the premises, or (d.) The premises of any public elementary school in receipt of an annual parliamentary grant, or any part of any such premises, shall not be used as a committee room for the purpose of pro1-moting or procuring the election of a candidate at an election, and if any person hires or uses any such premises or any part thereof for a committee room he shall be guilty of illegal hiring, and the person letting such premises or part, if he knew it was intended to use the same as a< committee room, shall also be guilty of illegal hiring: -,

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply to any part of such premises which is ordinarily let for the purpose of chambers or offices or the holding of public meetings or of arbitrations, if such part has a separate entrance and no direct communication with any part of the premises On which any intoxicating liquor or. refreshment is sold or supplied as aforesaid.

Punishment of 21. (h) A person guilty of an offence of illegal payment, em-rnent^employ. pl°yment, or luring shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a fine ment' orP not exceeding one hundred pounds.

? hiring. (2.) A candidate or an election agent of a candidate who is

personally guilty of an offence of illegal payment, employment, or hiring shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

Excuse and Exception for. Corrupt or Illegal Practice or Illegal

Paymfinti Errploywimty or Ei/rimg,

22, Where, upon the trial of an election petition respecting an datein certain election for a county or borough, the -election court, report that a cases of corrupt candidate at such election has been guilty by his agents of the pmti!^ offence of treating and undue influence, and illegal practice, or of

n agentF,

249

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

any of such offences, in reference to such election, and the election court further report that the candidate has proved to the court —

(a.)-That no corrupt or illegal practice was committed at such ^election by the candidate or his election agent and the offences '' mentioned in the said report'were committed contrary to the

1 orders and without the sanction or connivance of such candidate ' OPhis election agent; and

(b.) That such candidate and his election agent took all reasonable means for preventing the commission .of corrupt and illegal practices at such election; and (c.)That the offences mentioned in the said report were of a trivial, unimportant, and limited character; and

(d.) That in all other respects the election was free from any - Corrupt or illegal practice on the part of such candidate and of

his agents;

then the election of such candidate shall not, by reason of the offences mentioned in such report, be void, nor shall the candidate be subject to any incapacity under this Act.

23. Where, on application made, it is shown to the High Court Power of raeti or to an election court by such evidence as seems to the Court Court and

1 election court

sufficient — H . " to except inno-

(a.) that any act or Omission of a candidate at any election, or cent act from of his election agent or of any other agent or person, would, by being illegal reason of being a payment, engagement, employment, or con- Pract,ce> Ci tract in contravention of this Act, or being the payment of a sum or the incurring of expense in excess of any maximum ‘ amount allowed by this Act, or of otherwise being in contra-r vention of any of the provisions of this Act, be but for this b ^sSctibn an illegal practice, payment, employment, or hiring; and

(o.) that such act or omission arose from inadvertence or from accidental miscalculation or from some other reasonable cause of a like nature, and in any case did not arise from any want of good faith; and (c.) that such notice of the application has been given in the "county or borough for which the election was held as to the court seems fit;

and under the circumstances it seems to the Court to be just that the candidate and the said election and other agent and person, or any of them, should not be' subject to any of the consequences uhdef this Act of the said act or omission, the Court may make an Order allowing such act or omission to be an exception from the provisions of this Act which would otherwise make the same an illegal practice, payment, employment, or hiring, and thereupon such Candidate, agent, or person shall not be subject to any of the consequences under this Act of the said act or omission.

Election Expenses.

24. (1.) On or before the day of nomination at an election, a Nomination of person shall be named-by or on behalf of each candidate as his agent election agent, for such election (in this Act referred to as the' election agent).

(2.) A candidate may name himself as election agent, and thereupon \ shall, so far as circumstances admit, be-subject to the pro-

250 Cs. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

visions of this Act both as a candidate and a$ an election agent, and. any reference in this Act to an election agent shall be construed to refer to the candidate acting in his capacity of election agent.

(3.) On or before the day of nomination the name and address of the flection agent of each candidate shall be declared in writing by the candidate or some other person on his behalf to the returning officer, and the returning officer shall forthwith give public notice of the name and address of every election ageni so declared.

(4.) One election agent only shall be appointed for each candidate, but the appointment, whether the. election agent appointed be the candidate himself or not, may be revoked, and in the event of such revocation or his death, whether such event is before, during, or after the election, then forthwith another election agent shall he appointed, and his name and address declared in writing to the returning officer, who shall forthwith give public notice of the same. de° o^ndection 25. (1.) In the case of the elections specified in that behalf in agent as sub- the First Schedule to this Act an election agent of a candidate may agent. appoint the number of deputies therein.mentioned (which deputies

are in this Act referred to as sub-agents), to act within different polling districts.

(2.) As regards matters in a polling district the election agent may act by thej sub-agent for that district, and anything done for the purposes of -this Act by or to the .sub-agent in his district shall be deemed to be done by or to the election agent, and any act or desaidt .of a sub-regent which, if he were the election agent, would be an illegal practice or . other offence against this Act, shall be an illegal practice and offence against this Act committed by the sub-agent, and the sub-agent shall be liable to punishment accordingly 5 and the candidate shall suffer the like incapacity as if the said act or default had been the act or default of the election agent.

, (3.) One clear day before the.polling the election agent shall declare in writing the name and address of every sub-agent to the returning officer, and the returning ^officer shall forthwith give public notice of the'name and address of.:Every sub-agent so declared.

(4.) The appointment of a.sub-agent shall not be vacated by the election agent who appointed him ceasing to bej election agent, hut may be revoked by the election, agent for . the time being of the candidate, and in the event of such, revocation or of the death of a sub-agent another sub-agent may be appointed, and his name and address shall be forthwith declared in writing to .the returning officer, who shall forthwith give public notice of the same.

Office of elec- 26. (1.) An election,agent, at an election for. >a county or borough

sab agent. *nd shall have- within the county, or borough, or within any county of a city or town adjoining thereto, and a sub-agent shall have within his district," or within any county of a city or .town adjoining thereto, an office or place to which all claims, notices, writs, summons, and documents may be sent, and the address of such office or place shall be declared at the same time as the appointment of the said agent to the returning officer, and shall he stated in the public notice of the name of the agent.

(2.) Any claim, notice, writ, summons, or document delivered at such office or place and addressed to the election agent or sub-agent,

251

* 1883. Gorrupt dnd Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1888. Qs.51.

as, the - case may be, shall he deemed to have been served on him, and;every such agent may in respect of any matter connected with the election in which he is acting be sued in any court having jurisdiction in the county or. borough in which the said office or place is situate.

27. (1*) The election agent of a candidate by himself or by his sub-agent shall appoint every polling agent, clerk, and messenger employed for payment on .behalf.of .the candidate,at an election, and hire every committtee room hired on behalf of the candidate...

(2.) A contract whereby any expenses are incurred-on account .of or in respect of the conduct or management of an election, shall hot be enforceable against a candidate, at such election unless made by the candidate himself or by his.election agent, either by himself or by his .sub-agentprovided that tha inability under, this section to enforce such, contract against the candidate, shall .not. relieve the candidate from the consequences .of any ebrrupt or illegalpractice having been committed.by his,agent.:

28. (1.) Except as permitted by or in pursuance ' of this lAct, no payment and no advance or deposit shall be made by a candidate at an election or, .by any agent ;dn. behalf of, the I candidate or. by any other person at,any timer-whether before, during, or'after such election, in respect of any expenses incurred on account of nr in respect, of..the conduct;or management of such election, otherwise than by; or through r.thd -election ragent >ofr the candidate, whether acting in person-or by a Subr-agent; and all money provided by any person;other than, thie Candida teJfor any expenses incurred on account of, or. in respect .of the conduct or management of the

. election, whether as gift,loan, advance, or .deposit, shall be paid to the candidate orhis, election agent and not otherwise;. r,i.Provided that this section;shall not/ be deemed to apply.to a tender of security to. Or any.payment-by the returning, officer »or to any sum disbursed/by. .any person;,oust of hia own.mohfeytfor any small expense legally incurred by himself, if,such sum is not repaid to him.

(2.) A person , who. makes any payment,advance, or deposit, in contravention of this section, or pays in contravention of this section any money so.provided as ,aforesaid, shall be .guilty. of an illegal practice.

29. (1.) Every payment made by an election agent, , whether by himself or a sub-agent; in, respect of any expenses incurred on account of or iiyr espeet of . the coMuetior management-of an election, shall, except.where less, than forty, shillings, be vouched fonby a hill stating the particulars -and by a receipt.

(2.) Every claim against a > candidate at an - electibh or his', election agent in respect of. any. expenses' incurred on account/ofi/or in respect of the; conduct or : management of such jdection' wMcb is not. sent in to the, election -agent within the./tim© limited by this Act.shall be barred , and shall not be paid; and;.subject .ito such exception> as may.be allowed; in pursuance bf this Act, an election- agent, who pays a claims in contravention of this/ enactment shall be guilty of an illegal practice., .

be (3d .Except at by this Act permitted, the time limited by this Act for'sending in claims shall be fourteen days i after the day on which the candidates returned are declared elected.

Making of contracts through election agent.

Payment of expenses through election agent.

Period for sending in .< claims and making payments for election'expenses.

visions of this Act both as a candidate and as an election agent, and any reference in this Act to an election agent shall be construed to refer to the candidate acting in his capacity of election agent.

(3.) On or before the day of nomination the name and address of the election agent of each candidate shall be declared in writing by the candidate or some other person on his behalf to the returning officer, and the returning officer shall forthwith give public notice of the name and address of every election agent so declared.

(4.) One election agent only shall be appointed for each candidate, but the appointment, whether the election agent appointed be the candidate himself or not, may be revoked, and in the event of such revocation or his death, whether such event is before, during, or after the election, then forthwith another election agent shall be appointed, and his name and address declared in writing to the returning officer, who shall forthwith give public notice of the same, de^tf^decfion — Qsl of the elections specified in that behalf in

agent as sub- the First Schedule to this Act an election agent of a candidate may agent. appoint the number of deputies therein mentioned (which deputies

are in this Act referred to as sub-agents), to act within different polling districts.

(2.) As regards matters in a polling district the election agent may act by the sub-agent for that district, and anything done for the purposes of this Act by or to the sub-agent in his district shall be deemed to be done by or to the election agent, and any act or default of a sub-agent which, if he were the election agent, would be an illegal practice or other offence against this Act, shall he an illegal practice and offence against this Act committed by the subagent, and the sub-agent shall be liable to punishment accordingly; and the candidate shall suffer the like incapacity as if the said act or default had been the act or default of the election agent.

(3.) One clear day before the polling the election agent shall declare in writing the name and address of every sub-agent to the returning officer, and the returning officer shall forthwith give public notice of the name and address of every sub-agent so declared.

(4.) The appointment of a sub-agent shall not be vacated by the election agent who appointed him ceasing to be election agent, hut may be revoked by the election agent for the time being of the candidate, and in the event of such revocation or of the death of a sub-agent another sub-agent may be appointed, and his name and address shall be forthwith declared in writing to the returning officer, who shall forthwith give public notice of the same.

|p| llHII 26. (1.) An election agent at an election for a county or borough sab-agent. " shall have within the county or borough, or within any county of a city or town adjoining, thereto, and a sub-agent shall have within his district, or within any county of a city or town adjoining thereto, an office or place to which all claims, notices, writs, summons, and documents may be sent, and the address of such office or place shall be declared at the same time as the appointment of the said agent to the returning officer, and shall be stated in the public notice of the name of the agent.

(2.) Any claim, notice, writ, summons, or document delivered at such office or place and addressed to the election agent or sub-agent,

251

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

as the case may be, shall be deemed to have been served on him, and every such agent may in respect of any matter connected with the election in which he is acting be sued in any court having jurisdiction in the county or borough in which the said office or place is situate.

27. (1.) The election agent of a candidate by himself or by his sub-agent shall appoint every polling agent, clerk, and messenger employed for payment on behalf of the candidate at an election, and hire every committtee room hired on behalf of the candidate.

(2.) A contract whereby any expenses are incurred on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of an election shall not be enforceable against a candidate at such election unless made by the candidate himself or by his election agent, either by himself or by his sub-agent; provided that the inability under this section to enforce such contract against the candidate shall not relieve the candidate from the consequences of any corrupt or illegal practice having been committed by his agent.

28. (1.) Except as permitted by or in pursuance of this Act, no payment and no advance or deposit shall be made by a candidate at an election or by any agent on behalf of the candidate or by any other person at any time, whether before, during, or after such election, in respect of any expenses incurred on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of such election, otherwise than by or through the election agent of the candidate, whether acting in person or by a sub-agent; and all money provided by any person other than the candidate for any expenses incurred on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the election, whether as gift, loan, advance, or deposit, shall be paid to the candidate or his election agent and not otherwise ;

Provided that this section shall not be deemed to apply to a tender of security to or any payment by the returning officer or to any sum disbursed by any person out of his own money for any small expense legally incurred by himself, if such sum is not repaid to him.

(2.) A person who makes any payment, advance, or deposit in contravention of this section, or pays in contravention of this section any money so provided as aforesaid, shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

29. (1.) Every payment made by an election agent, whether by himself or a sub-agent, in respect of any expenses incurred on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of an election, shall, except where less than forty shillings, be vouched for by a bill stating the particulars and by a receipt.

(2.) Every claim against a candidate at an election or his election agent in respect of any expenses incurred on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of such election which is not sent in to the election agent within the time limited by this Act shall be barred and shall not be paid; and, subject to such exception as may be allowed in pursuance of this Act, an election agent who pays a claim in contravention of this enactment shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(3.) Except as by this Act permitted, the time limited by this Act for sending* in claims shall be fourteen days after the day on which the candidates returned are declared elected.

Making of contracts through election agent.

Payment of expenses through election agent.

Period for sending in claims and making payments for election expenses.

252

llefcrence to taxation of claim against candidates.

Personal expenses of candidate and petty expenses.

Ch.51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 4V Vict.

(4.) All expenses incurred by or on behalf of a candidate at an election, which are incurred on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of such election, shall be paid within the time limited by this Act and not otherwise; and, subject to such exception as may be allowed in pursuance of this Act, an election agent who makes a payment in contravention of this provision shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(5.) Except as by this Act permitted, the time limited by this Act for the payment of such expenses as aforesaid shall be twenty-eight days after the day on which the candidates returned are declared elected.

(6.) Where the election court reports that it has been proved to such court by a candidate that any payment made by an election agent in contravention of this section was made without the sanction or connivance of such candidate, the election of such candidate shall not be void, nor shall he be subject to any incapacity under this Act by reason only of such payment having been made in contravention of this section.

(7.) If the election agent in the case of any claim sent in to him within the time limited by this Act disputes it, or refuses or fails to pay it within the said period of twenty-eight days, such claim shall be deemed to be a disputed claim.

(8.) The claimant may, if he thinks fit, bring an action for a disputed claim in any competent court; and any sum paid by the candidate or his agent in pursuance of the judgment or order of such court shall be deemed to be paid within the time limited by this Act, and to be an exception from the provisions of this Act, requiring claims to be paid by the election agent.

(9.) On cause shown to the satisfaction of the High Court, such court on application by the claimant or by the candidate or his election agent may by order give leave for the payment by a candidate or his election agent of a disputed claim, or of a claim for any such expenses as aforesaid, although sent in after the time in this section mentioned for sending in claims, or although the same was sent in to the candidate and not to the election agent.

(10.) Any sum specified in the order of leave may be paid by the candidate or has election agent, and when paid in pursuance of such leave shall be deemed to be paid within the time limited by this Act.

30. If any action is brought in any competent court to recover a disputed claim against a candidate at an election, or his election agent, in respect of any expenses incurred on account or in respect of the conduct or management of such election, and the defendant admits his liability, but disputes the amount of the claim, the said amount shall, unless the court, on the application of the plaintiff in the action, otherwise directs, be forthwith referred for taxation to the master, official referee, registrar, or other proper officer of the court, and the amount found due on such taxation shall be the amount to be recovered in such action in respect of such claim.

31. (1.) The candidate at an election may pay any personal expenses incurred by him on account of or in connexion with or incidental to such election to an amount not exceeding one hundred pounds, but any further personal expenses so incurred by him shall be paid by his election agent.

253

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

(2.) The candidate shall send to the election agent within the time limited by this Act for sending in claims a written statement of the amount of personal expenses paid as aforesaid by such candidate.

(3.) Any person may, if so authorised in writing by the election agent of the candidate, pay any necessary expenses for stationery, postage, telegrams, and other petty expenses, to a total amount not exceeding that named in the authority, but any excess above the total amount so named shall be paid by the election agent.

(4.) A statement of the particulars of payments made by any person so authorised shall be sent to the election agent within the time limited by this Act for the sending in of claims, and shall be vouched for by a bill containing the receipt of that person.

32. (1.) So far as circumstances admit, this Act shall apply to a Remuneration claim for his remuneration by an election agent and to the payment

thereof in like manner as if he were any other creditor, and if any rfturnfng difference arises respecting the amount of such claim the claim officer's shall be a disputed claim within the meaning of this Act, and be expenses-dealt with accordingly.

(2.) The account of the charges claimed by the returning officer in the case of a candidate and transmitted in pursuance of section four of the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875, 38 & 39 Vict. shall be transmitted within the time specified in the said section c- 84, to the election agent of the candidate, and need not be transmitted to the candidate.

33. (1.) Within thirty-five days after the day on which the Return and candidates returned at an election are declared elected, the election declaration agent of every candidate at that election shall transmit to the election returning officer a true return (in this Act referred to as a return expenses, respecting election expenses), in the form set forth in the Second Schedule to this Act or to the like effect, containing, as respects

that candidate, —

(a.) A statement of all payments made by the election agent, together with all the bills and receipts (which bills and receipts are in this Act included in the expression " return respecting election expenses ");

(b.) A statement of the amount of personal expenses, if any, paid by the candidate;

(c.) A statement of the sums paid to the returning officer for his charges, or, if the amount is in dispute, of the sum claimed and the amount disputed;

(cl.) A statement of all other disputed claims of which the election agent is aware;

(e.) A statement of all the unpaid claims, if any, of which the election agent is aware, in respect of which application has been or is about to be made to the High Court;

(/.) A statement of all money, securities, and equivalent of money received by the election agent from the candidate or any other person for the purpose of expenses incurred or to be incurred on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the election, with a statement of the name of every person from whom the same may have been received.

(2.) The return so transmitted to the returning officer shall be accompanied by a declaration made by the election agent before a

254

Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

justice of the peace in the form in the Second Schedule to this Act (which declaration is in this Act referred to as a declaration respecting election expenses).

(3.) Where the candidate has named himself as his election agent, a statement of all money, securities, and equivalent of money paid by the candidate shall he substituted in the return required by this section to be transmitted by the election agent for the like statement of money, securities, and equivalent of money received by the election agent from the candidate; and the declaration by an election agent respecting election expenses need not be made, and the declaration by the candidate respecting election expenses shall be modified as specified in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(4.) At the same time that the agent transmits the said return, or within seven days afterwards, the candidate shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to the returning officer a declaration made by him before a justice of the peace, in the form in the first part of the Second Schedule to this Act (which declaration is in this Act referred to as a declaration respecting election expenses).

(5.) If in the case of an election for any county or borough, the said return and declarations are not transmitted before the expiration of the time limited for the purpose, the candidate shall not, after the expiration of such time, sit or vote in the House of Commons as member for that county or borough until either such return and declarations have been transmitted, or until the date of the allowance of such an authorised excuse for the failure to transmit the same, as in this Act mentioned, and if he sits or votes in contravention of this enactment he shall forfeit one hundred pounds for every day on which he so sits or votes to any person who sues for the same.

(6.) If without such authorised excuse as in this Act mentioned, a candidate or an election agent fails to comply with the requirements of this section he shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(7.) If any candidate or election agent knowingly makes the declaration required by this section falsely, he shall be guilty of an offence, and on conviction thereof on indictment shall be liable to the punishment for wilful and corrupt perjury; such offence shall also be deemed to be a corrupt practice within the meaning of this Act.

(8.) Where the candidate is out of the United Kingdom at the time when the return is so transmitted to the returning officer, the declaration required by this section may be made by him within fourteen days after his return to the United Kingdom, and in that case shall be forthwith transmitted to the returning officer, but the delay hereby authorised in making such declaration shall not exonerate the election agent from complying with the provisions of this Act as to the return and declaration respecting election expenses.

(9.) Where, after the date at which the return respecting election expenses is transmitted, leave is given by the High Court for any claims to be paid, the candidate or his election agent shall, within seven days after the payment thereof, transmit to the returning officer a return of the sums paid in pursuance of such leave accompanied by a copy of the order of the court giving the leave, and in

255

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

default he shall be deemed to have failed to comply with the requirements of this section without such authorised excuse as in this Act mentioned.

34. (1.) Where the return and declarations respecting election Authorised expenses of a candidate at an election for a county or borough have excus.®for non" not been transmitted as required by this Act, or being transmitted w'ithVrovisions contain some error or false statement, then — as to return and

(a.) if the candidate applies to the High Court or an election ^®gcl^on court and shows that the failure to transmit such return and election 8 declarations, or any of them, or any part thereof, or any error expenses, or false statement therein, has arisen by reason of his illness, or of the absence, death, illness, or misconduct of his election agent or sub-agent or of any clerk or officer of such agent, or by reason of inadvertence or of any reasonable cause of a like nature, and not by reason of any want of good faith on the part of the applicant, or (b.) if the election agent of the candidate applies to the High Court or an election court and shows that the failure to transmit the return and declarations which he was required to transmit, or any part thereof, or any error or false statement therein, arose by reason of his illness or of the death or illness of any prior election agent of the candidate, or of the absence, death, illness, or misconduct of any sub-agent, clerk, or officer of an election agent of the candidate, or by reason of inadvertence or of any reasonable cause of a like nature, and not by reason of any want of good faith on the part of the applicant, the court may, after such notice of the application in the said county or borough, and on production of such evidence of the grounds stated in the application, and of the good faith of the application, and otherwise, as to the court seems fit, make such order for allowing an authorised excuse for the failure to transmit such return and declaration, or for an error or false statement in such return and declaration, as to the court seems just.

(2.) Where it appears to the court that any person being or having been election agent or sub-agent has refused or failed to make such return or to supply such particulars as will enable the candidate and his election agent respectively to comply with the provisions of this Act as to the return and declaration respecting election expenses, the court before making an order allowing the excuse as in this section mentioned shall order such person to attend before the court, and on his attendance shall, unless he shows cause to the contrary, order him to make the return and declaration, or to deliver a statement of the particulars required to be contained in the return, as to the court seem just, and to make or deliver the same within such time and to such person and in such manner as the court may direct, or may order him to be examined with respect to such particulars, and may in default of compliance with any such order order him to pay a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds.

(3.) The order may make the allowance conditional upon the making of the return and declaration in a modified form or within an extended time, and upon the compliance with such other terms as to the court seem best calculated for carrying into effect the objects of this Act; and an order allowing an authorised excuse shall

256

Publication of summary of return of election expenses.

38 & 39 Vict c. 84.

Prohibition of persons guilty of corrupt or illegal practices, &c. from voting.

Prohibition of disqualified persons from voting.

35 & 36 Vict. o. 60.

45 & 46 Vict. C. 50.

Hearing of person before he is reported guilty of corrupt or illegal

Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

relieve the applicant for the order from any liability or consequences under this Act in respect of the matter excused by the order; and where it is proved by the candidate to the coart that any act or omission of the election agent in relation to the return and declaration respecting election expenses was without the sanction or connivance of the candidate, and that the candidate took all reasonable means for preventing such act or omission, the court shall relieve the candidate from the consequences of such act or omission on the part of his election agent.

(4.) The date of the order, or if conditions and terms are to he complied with, the date at which the applicant fully complies with them, is referred to in this Act as the date of the allowance of the excuse.

35. (1.) The returning officer at an election within ten days after he receives from the election agent of a candidate a return respecting election expenses shall publish a summary of the return in not less than two newspapers circulating in the county or borough for which the election was held, accompanied by a notice of the time and place at which the return and declarations (including the accompanying documents) can be inspected, and may charge the candidate in respect of such publication, and the amount of such charge shall be the sum allowed by the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875.

(2.) The return and declarations (including the accompanying documents) sent to the returning officer by an election agent shall be kept at the office of the returning officer, or some convenient place appointed by him, and shall at all reasonable times during two years next after they are received by the. returning officer be open to inspection by any person on payment of a fee of one shilling, and the returning officer shall on demand furnish copies thereof or any part thereof at the price of twopence for every seventy-two words. After the expiration of the said two years the returning officer may cause the said return and declarations, (including the accompanying documents,) to be destroyed, or, if the candidate or his election agent so require, shall return the same to the candidate.

Disqualification of Electors.

36. Every person guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice or of illegal employment, payment, or hiring at an election is prohibited from voting at such election, and if any such person vo.tes his vote shall be void.

37. Every person who, in consequence of conviction or of the report of any election court or election commissioners under this Act, or under the Corrupt Practices (Municipal Elections) Act, 1872, or under Part IV. of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, or under any other Act for the time being in force relating to corrupt practices at an election for any public office, has become incapable of voting at any election, whether a parliamentary election or an election to any public office, is prohibited from voting at any such election, and his vote shall be void.

38. (1.) Before a person, not being a party to an election petition nor a candidate on behalf of whom the seat is claimed by an election petition, is reported by an election court, and before any

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51. 257

person is reported by election commissioners, to have been guilty, practice, and at an election, of any corrupt or illegal practice, the court or com- ,ncaPacity of missioners, as the case may be, shall cause notice to be given to such guifn" rep°r 6 person, and if he appears in pursuance of the notice, shall give him an opportunity of being heard by himself and of calling evidence in his defence to show why he should not be so reported.

(2.) Every person reported by election commissioners to have been guilty at an election of any corrupt or illegal practice may appeal against such report to the next court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery held in and for the county or place in which the offence is alleged to have been committed, and such court may hear and determine the appeal; and subject to rules of court such appeal may be brought, heard, and determined in like manner as if the court were a court of quarter sessions and the said commissioners were a court of summary jurisdiction, and the person so reported had been convicted by a court of summary jurisdiction for an offence under this Act, and notice of every such appeal shall be given to the Director of Public Prosecutions in the manner and within the time directed by rules of court, and subject to such rules then within three days after the appeal is brought.

(3.) Where it appears to the Lord Chancellor that appeals under this section are interfering or are likely to interefere with the ordinary business transacted before any courts of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, he may direct that the said appeals, or any of them, shall be heard by the judges for the time being on the rota for election petitions, and in such case one of such judges shall proceed to the county or place in which the offences are alleged to have been committed, and shall there hear and determine the appeals in like manner as if such judge were a court of oyer and terminer.

(4.) The provisions of the Parliamentary Elections Act, 18C8, with respect to the reception and powers of and attendance on an election court, and to the expenses of an election court, and of receiving and accommodating an election court, shall apply as if such judge were an election court.

(5.) Every person who after the commencement of this Act is reported by any election court or election commissioners to have been guilty of any corrupt or illegal practice at an election, shall, whether he obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, be subject to the same incapacity as he would be subject to if he had at the date of such election been convicted of the offence of which he is reported to have been guilty : Provided that a report of any election commissioners inquiring into an election for a county or borough shall not avoid the election of any candidate who has been declared by an election court on the trial of a petition respecting such election to have been duly elected at such election or render him incapable of sitting in the House of Commons for the said county or borough during the Parliament for which he was elected.

(6.) Where a person who is a justice of the peace is reported by any election court or election commissioners to have been guilty of any corrupt practice in reference to an election, whether he has obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, it shall be the duty of the Director of public prosecutions to report the case to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain with such evidence as may have

Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

been given of such corrupt practice, and where any such person acts as a justice of the peace by virtue of his being, or having been, mayor of a borough, the Lord High Chancellor shall have the same power to remove such person from being a justice of the peace as if he was named in a commission of the peace.

(7.) Where a person who is a barrister or a solicitor, or who belongs to any profession the admission to which is regulated by law, is reported by any election court or election commissioners to have been guilty of any corrupt practice in reference to an election, whether such person has obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, it shall be the duty of the Director of public prosecutions to bring the matter before the Inn of Court, High Court, or tribunal having power to take cognizance of any misconduct of such person in his profession, and such Inn of Court, High Court, or tribunal may deal with such person in like manner as if such corrupt practice were misconduct by such person in his profession.

(8.) With respect to a person holding a licence or certificate under the Licensing Acts (in this section referred to as a licensed person) the following provisions shall have effect:

(a.) If it appears to the court by which any licensed person is convicted of the offence of bribery or treating that such offence was committed on his licensed premises, the court shall direct such conviction to be entered in the proper register of licenses. (6.) If it appears to an election court or election commissioners that a licensed person has knowingly suffered any bribery or treating in reference to any election to take place upon his licensed premises, such court or commissioners (subject to the provisions of this Act as to a person having an opportunity of being heard by himself and producing evidence before being reported) shall report the same; and whether such person obtained a certificate of indemnity or not it shall be the duty of the Director of Public Prosecutions to bring such report before the licensing justices from whom or on whose certificate the licensed person obtained his licence, and such licensing justices shall cause such report to be entered in the proper register of licenses.

(c.) Where an entry is made in the register of licenses of any such conviction of or report respecting any licensed person as above in this section mentioned, it shall be taken into consideration by the licensing justices in determining whether they will or will not grant to such person the renewal of his license or certificate, and may be a ground, if the justices think fit, for refusing such renewal.

(9.) Where the evidence showing any corrupt practice to have been committed by a justice of the peace, barrister, solicitor, or other professional person, or any licensed person, was given before election commissioners, those commissioners shall report the case to the Director of public prosecutions, with such information as is necessary or proper for enabling him to act under this section.

(10.) This section shall apply to an election court under this Act, or under Part IY. of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and the expression election shall be construed accordingly.

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51. 259

39. (1.) The registration officer in every county and borough List in register shall annually make out a list containing the names and description °erson"1nea of all persons who, though otherwise qualified to vote at a parlia- pacitated for mentary election for such county or borough respectively, are not voting by capable of voting by reason of having after the commencement of n?eoa»Fprao-this Act been found guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice on con- tices. viction or by the report of any election court or election commissioners whether under this Act, or under Part IV. of the Municipal 45 & 4G Vict. Corporations Act, 1882, or under any other Act for the time being c-50, in force relating to a parliamentary election or an election to any public office; and such officer shall state in the list (in this Act referred to as the corrupt and illegal practices list), the offence of which each person has been found guilty.

(2.) For the purpose of making out such list he shall examine the report of any election court or election commissioners who have respectively tried an election petition or inquired into an election where the election (whether a parliamentary election or an election to any public office) was held in any of the following places; that is to say,

(a.) if he is the registration officer of a county, in that county, or in any borough in that county; and

(6.) if he is the registration officer of a borough, in the county in which such borough is situate, or in any borough in that county.

(3.) The registration officer shall send the list to the overseers of every parish within his county or borough, together with his precept, and the overseers shall publish the list together with the list of voters, and shall also, in the case of every person in the corrupt and illegal practices list, omit his name .from the list of persons entitled to vote, or, as circumstances require, add ‘ objected ' before his name in the list of claimants or copy of the register published by them, in like manner as is required by law in any other cases of disqualification.

(4.) Any person named in the corrupt and illegal practices list may claim to have his name omitted therefrom, and any person entitled to object to any list of voters for the county or borough may object to the omission of the name of any person from such list. Such claims and objections shall be sent in within the same time and be dealt with in like manner, and any such objection shall be served on the person referred to therein in like manner, as nearly as circumstances admit, as other claims and objections under the enactments relating to the registration of parliamentary, electors.

(5.) The revising barrister shall determine such claims- and objections and shall revise such list in like manner as nearly as circumstances admit as in the case of other claims and objections, and of any list of voters.

(6.) Where it appears to the revising barrister that a person not named in the corrupt and illegal practices list is subject to have his name inserted in such list, he shall (whether an objection to the omission of such name from the list has or has not been made, but) after giving such person an opportunity of making a statement to show cause to the contrary, insert his name in such list and expunge his name from any list of voters.

2go Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict

(7.) A revising barrister in acting under this section shall determine only whether a person is incapacitated by conviction or by the report of any election court or election commissioners, and shall not determine whether a person has or not been guilty of any corrupt or illegal practice.

(8.) The corrupt and illegal practices list shall be appended to the register of electors, and shall be printed and published therewith wherever the same is printed or published.

Proceedings on Election Petition.

Time for pre- 40. (1.) Where an election petition questions the return or the election"1 °ti- fc^ec^on upon an allegation of an illegal practice, then notwithstand-tions alleging ing anything in the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868, such petition, illegal practice, so far as respects such illegal practice, may be presented within the j1]*-32 Vict‘ time following; (that is to say),

(a.) At any time before the expiration of fourteen days after the day on which the returning officer receives the return and declarations respecting election expenses by. the member to whose election the petition relates and his election agent.

, (b.) If the election petition specifically alleges a payment of money, or some other act to have been made or done since the said day by the member or an agent of the member, or with the privity of the member or his election agent in pursuance or in furtherance of the illegal practice alleged in the petition, the petition may be presented at any time within twenty-eight days after the date of such payment or other act.

(2.) Any election petition presented within the time limited by 31 & 32 Vict. the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868, may for the purpose of questioning the return or the election upon an allegation of an illegal practice be amended with the leave of the High Court within the ..time within which a petition questioning the return upon theallega-tion of that illegal practice can under this section be presented.

(3.) This section shall apply in the case of an offence relating to the return and declarations respecting election expenses in like manner as if it were an illegal practice, and also shall apply notwithstanding that the act constituting the alleged illegal practice amounted to a corrupt practice.

(4.) For the purposes of this section —

(a.) where the . return and declarations are received on different days, the day on which the last of them is received, and (6.) where there is an authorised excuse for failing to make and transmit the return and declarations respecting election expenses, the date of the allowance of the excuse, or if there was a failure as regards two or more of them, and the excuse was allowed at different times, the date of the allowance of the last excuse,

shall be substituted for the day on which the return and declarations are received by the returning officer.

(5.) For the purposes of this section, time shall be reckoned in like manner as it is reckoned for the purposes of the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868.

election0''11'of &) Before leave for the withdrawal of an election petition

tion.' *otl' 1 granted, there shall be produced affidavits by all the parties to the petition and their solicitors, and by the election agents of all of

201

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

the said parties who were candidates at the election, but the Hio-h Court may on cause shown dispense with the affidavit of any particular person if it seems to the court on special grounds to be just so to do.

(2.) Each affidavit shall state that, to the best of the deponent's knowledge and belief, no agreement or terms of any kind whatsoever has or have been made, and no undertaking has been entered into, in relation to the withdrawal of the petition; but if any lawful agreement has been made with respect to the withdrawal of the petition, the affidavit shall set forth that agreement, and shall make the foregoing statement subject to what appears from the affidavit.

(3.) The affidavits of the applicant and his solicitor shall further state the ground on which the petition is sought to be withdrawn.

(4.) If any person makes any agreement or terms, or enters into any undertaking, in relation to the withdrawal of an election petition, and such agreement, terms, or undertaking is or are for the withdrawal of the election petition in consideration of any payment, or in consideration that the seat shall at any time be vacated, or in consideration of the withdrawal of any other election petition, or is or are (whether lawful or unlawful) not mentioned in the aforesaid affidavits, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months, and to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

(5.) Copies of the said affidavits shall be delivered to the Director of public prosecutions a reasonable time before the application for the withdrawal is heard, and the court may hear the Director of public prosecutions or his assistant or other representative (appointed with the approval of the Attorney-General), in opposition to the allowance of the withdrawal of the petition, and shall have power to receive the evidence on oath of any person or persons whose evidence the Director of Public Prosecutions or his assistant, or other representative, may consider material.

(6.) Where in the opinion of the court the proposed withdrawal of a petition was the result of any agreement, terms, or undertaking prohibited by this section, the court shall have the same power with respect to the security as under section thirty-five of the Parlia- 3i&32 Vict. mentary Elections Act, 1868, where the withdrawal is induced by a c-125-corrupt consideration.

(7.) In every case of the withdrawal of an election petition the court shall report to the Speaker whether, in the opinion of such court, the withdrawal of such petition was the result of any agreement, terms, or undertaking; or was in consideration of any payment, or in consideration that the seat should at any time be vacated, or in consideration of the withdrawal Of any other election petition, or for any other consideration, and if so, shall state the circumstances attending the withdrawal.

(8.) Where more than one solicitor is concerned for the petitioner or respondent, whether as agent for another solicitor or otherwise, the affidavit shall be made by all such solicitors.

(9.) Where a person not a solicitor is lawfully acting as agent in the case of an election petition, that agent shall be deemed to be a solicitor for the purpose of making an affidavit in pursuance of this section.

Continuation of trial of election petition.

Attendance of Director of public prosecutions on trial of election petition, and prosecution by him of offenders.

Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict

42. The trial of every election petition so far as is practicable, consistently with the interests of justice in respect of such trial, shall be continued de die in diem on every lawful day until its conclusion, and in case the rota of judges for the year shall expire before the conclusion of the trial, or of all the proceedings in relation or incidental to the petition, the authority of the said judges shall continue for the purpose of the said trial and proceedings.

43. (1.) On every trial of an election petition the Director of public prosecutions shall by himself or by his assistant, or by such representative as herein-after mentioned, attend at the trial, and it shall be the duty of such Director to obey any directions given to him by the election court with respect to the summoning and examination of any witness to give evidence on such trial, and with respect to the prosecution by him of offenders, and with respect to any person to whom notice is given to attend with a view to report him as guilty of any corrupt or illegal practice.

(2.) It shall also be the duty of such Director, without any direction from the election court, if it appears to him that any person is able to give material evidence as to the subject of the trial, to cause such person to attend the trial, and with the leave of the court to examine such person as a witness.

(3.) It shall also be the duty of the said Director, without any direction from the election court, if it appears to him that any person who has not received a certificate of indemnity has been guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice, to prosecute such person for the offence before the said court, or if he thinks it expedient in the interests of justice before any other competent court.

(4.) Where a person is prosecuted before an election court for any corrupt or illegal practice, and such person appears before the court, the court shall proceed to try him summarily for the said offence, and such person, if convicted thereof upon such trial, shall be subject to the same incapacities as he is rendered subject to under this Act upon conviction,-whether on indictment or in any other proceeding for the said offence; and further, may be adjudged by the court, if the offence is a corrupt practice, to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding six months, or to pay a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds, and if the offence is an illegal practice, to pay such fine as is fixed by this Act for the offence;

Provided that, in the case of a corrupt practice, the court, before proceeding to try summarily any person, shall give such person the option of being tried by a jury.

(5.) Where a person is so prosecuted for any such offence, and either he elects to be tried by a jury or he does not appear before the court, or the court thinks it in the interests of justice expedient that he should be tried before some other court, the court, if of opinion that the evidence is sufficient to put the said person upon his trial for the offence, shall order such person to be prosecuted on indictment or before a court of summary jurisdiction, as the case may require, for the said offence; and in either case may order him to be prosecuted before such court as may be named in the order; and for all purposes preliminary and of and incidental to such

263

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

prosecution the offence shall be deemed to have been committed within the jurisdiction of the court so named.

(6.) Upon such order being made,

(a.) if the accused person is present before the court, and the offence is an indictable offence, the court shall commit him to take his trial, or cause him to give bail to appear and take his trial for the said offence; and (b.) if the accused person is present before the court, and the offence is not an indictable offence, the court shall order him to be brought before the court of summary jurisdiction before whom he is to be prosecuted, or cause him to give bail to appear before that court; and (c.) if the accused person is not present before the court, the court shall as circumstances require issue a summons for his attendance, or a warrant to apprehend him and bring him, before a court of summary jurisdiction, and that court, if the offence is an indictable offence, shall, on proof only of the summons or warrant and the identity of _the accused, commit him to take his trial, or cause him to give bail*to appear and take his trial for the said offence, or if the offence is punishable on summary conviction, shall proceed to hear the case, or if such court be not the court before whom he is directed to be prosecuted, shall order him to be brought before that court.

(7.) The Director of public prosecutions may nominate, with the approval of the Attorney-General, a barrister or solicitor of not- less than ten years standing to be his representative for the purpose of this section, and that representative shall receive such remuneration as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may approve. There shall be allowed to the Director and his assistant or representative, for the purposes of this section, such allowance for expenses as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may approve.

tail (8.) The costs incurred in defraying the expenses of the Director of public prosecutions under this section (including the remuneration of his representative) shall, in the first instance, be paid by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and so far as they are not in the case of any prosecution paid by the defendant shall be deemed to be expenses of the election court; but if for any reasonable cause it seems just to the court so to do, the court shall order all or part of the said costs to be repaid to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury by the parties to the petition, or such of them as the court may direct.

44. (1.) Where upon the trial of an election petition respecting Power to an election for a county or borough it appears to the election court c*'on court that a corrupt practice has not been proved to have been committed ment by county in reference to such election by or with the knowledge and consent ?r borough or of the respondent to the petition, and that such respondent took all cotirofeiection reasonable means to prevent corrupt practices being committed on petition, his behalf, the court may make one or more orders with respect to the payment either of the whole or such part of the costs of the petition as the court may think right as follows;

(a.) if it appears to the court that corrupt practices extensively prevailed in reference to the said election, the court may order

264 Ch. 5 ]. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

the whole or part of the costs to be paid by the county or borough; and

(b.) if it appears to the court that any person or persons is or are proved, whether by providing money or otherwise, to have been extensively engaged in corrupt practices, or to have encouraged or promoted extensive corrupt practices in reference to such election, the court may, after giving such person or persons an opportunity of being heard by counsel or solicitor and examining and cross-examining witnesses to show cause why the order should not be made, order the whole or part of the costs to be paid by that person, or those persons or any of them, and may order that if the costs cannot be recovered from one or more of such persons they shall be paid by some other of such persons or by either of the parties to the petition.

(2.) Where any person appears to the court to have been guilty of the offence of a corrupt or illegal practice, the court may, after giving such person an opportunity of making a statement to show why the order should not be made, order the whole or any part of the costs of or incidental to any proceeding before the court in relation to the said offence or to the said person to be paid by the said person.

(3.) The rules and regulations of the Supreme Court of Judicature with respect to costs to be allowed in actions, causes, and matters in the High Court shall in principle and so far as practicable apply to the costs of petition and other proceedings under the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868, andL under this Act, and the taxing officer shall not allow any costs, charges, or expenses on a higher scale than would be allowed in any action, cause, or matter in the High Court on the higher scale, as between solicitor and client.

‘Miscellaneous.'

45. Where information is given to the Director of public prosecutions that any corrupt or illegal practices have prevailed in reference to any election, it shall be his duty, subject to the regulations under the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879, to make such inquiries and institute such prosecutions as the circumstances of the case appear to him to require.

46. Where a person has, either before or after the commencement of this Act, become subject to any incapacity under the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts or this Act by reason of a conviction or of a report of any election court or election commissioners, and any witness who gave evidence against such incapacitated person upon the proceeding for such conviction or report is convicted of perjury in respect of that evidence, the incapacitated person may apply to the High Court, and the Court, if satisfied that the conviction or report so far as respects such person was based upon perjury, may order that such incapacity shall thenceforth cease, and the same shall cease accordingly. ..

47. (1.) Every county shall be. divided into polling districts, and a polling place shall be assigned to each district in such manner that, so far as is reasonably practicable, every elector resident in the county shall have his polling place within a distance not exceeding three miles from his residence, so nevertheless that a polling district

Inquiry by Director of public prosecutions into alleged corrupt or illegal practices.

Removal of incapacity on proof that it was procured by perjury.

Amendment of law as to polling districts and polling places.

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51. 265

need not in any case be constituted containing less than one hundred electors.

(2.) In every county the local authority who have power to divide that county into polling districts shall from time to time divide the county into polling districts, and assign polling places to those districts, and alter those districts and polling places in such manner as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying into effect this section.

(3.) The power of dividing a borough into polling districts vested in a local authority by the Representation of the People Act, 1867, and the enactments amending the same, may be exercised by such local authority from time to time, and as often as the authority think fit, and the said power shall be deemed to include the power of altering any polling district, and the said local authority shall from time to time, where necessary for the purpose of carrying this section into effect, divide the borough into polling districts in such manner that — *

(a.) Every elector resident in the borough, if other than one herein-after mentioned, shall be enabled to poll within a distance not exceeding one mile from his residence, so nevertheless that a polling district need not be constituted containing less than three hundred electors; and

(b.) Every elector resident in the boroughs of East Retford, Shoreham, Cricklade, Much Wenlock, and Aylesbury, shall be enabled to 'poll within a distance not exceeding three miles from his I residence, so nevertheless that a polling district need not be constituted containing less than one hundred electors.

(4.) So much of section five of the Ballot Act, 1872, and the enactments amending the same as in force and is not repealed by this Act, shall apply as if the same were incorporated in this section.

(5.) The expenses incurred by the local authority of a county or borough under this or any other Act in dividing their county or borough into polling districts, and, in the case of a county, assigning polling places to such districts, and in altering any such districts or polling places, shall be defrayed in like manner as if they were expenses incurred by the registration officer in the execution of the enactments respecting the registration of electors in such county or borough, and those enactments, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, shall apply accordingly.

48. Where the nature of a county is such that any electors Conveyance of l'esiding therein are unable at an election for such county to reach '5'0tei? b7sea in their polling place without crossing the sea or a branch or arm °er mcases> thereof, this Act shall not prevent the provision of means for conveying such electors by sea to their polling place, and the amount

of payment for such means of conveyance may be in addition to the maximum amount of expenses allowed by this Act.

49. Notwithstanding the provisions of the Act 15 and 16 Vict. Election com-cap. 57, or any amendment thereof, in any case where, after the mi®sion.ers .not

i i. . . -L i . , to mature mto

passing of this Act, any commissioners nave been appointed, on a elections before

joint address of both Houses of Parliament, for the purpose of making the passing of

inquiry into the existence of corrupt practices in any election, the tbl8 Act-

said commissioners shall not make inquiries concerning any election

2G6 Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

that shall have taken place prior to the passing of this Act, and no witness called before such commissioners, or at any election petition after the passing of this Act, shall be liable to be asked or bound to answer any question for the purpose of proving the commission of any corrupt practice at or in relation to any election prior to the passing of this Act: Provided that nothing herein contained shall affect any proceedings that shall be pending at the time of such passing.

Legal Proceedings.

Trial in Cen- 50. Where an indictment as defined by this Act for any offence Court of110*1' under the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts or this Act is instituted indictment for in the High Court or is removed into the High Court by a writ of corrupt prac- certiorari issued at the instance of the Attorney-General, and the of^toruey-Ce Attorney-General suggests on the part of the Crowxi that it is General. expedient for the purposes of justice that the indictment should be tried in the Central Criminal Court, or if a special jury is ordered, that it should be tried before a judge and jury at the Royal Courts of Justice, the High Court may, if it think fit, order that such indictment shall be so tried upon such terms as the Court may think just, and the High Court may make such orders as appear to the Court necessary or proper for carrying into effect the order for such trial.

Limitation of 51. (1.) A proceeding against a person in respect of the offence time for^prose- of a corrupt or illegal practice or any other offence under the Corrupt offence!5 Practices Prevention Acts or this Act shall be commenced within one year after the offence was committed, or if it was committed in reference to an election with respect to which an inquiry is held by election commissioners shall be commenced within one year after the offence was committed, or within three months after the report of such commissioners is made, whichever period last expires, -so that it be commenced within two years after the offence was committed, and the time so limited by this section shall, in the case of any proceeding under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts for any such offence, whether before an election court or otherwise, be substituted for any limitation of time contained in the last-mentioned Acts.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the issue of a summons, warraftt, writ, or other process shall be deemed to be a commencement of a proceeding, where the service or execution of the same on or against the alleged offender is prevented by the absconding or concealment or act of the alleged offender, but save as aforesaid the service or execution of the same on or against the alleged offender, and not the issue thereof, shall be deemed to be the commencement of the proceeding.

Persons 52. Any person charged with a corrupt practice may, if the cir-

charged with cumstances warrant such finding, be found guilty of an illegal maytefound6 practice, (which offence shall for that purpose be an indictable guilty of _ offence,) and any person charged with an illegal practice may be illegal practice. foun(j guilty of that offence, notwithstanding that the act constituting the offence amounted to a corrupt practice,*nd a person charged with illegal payment, employment, or hiring, may be found guilty of that offence, notwithstanding that the act constituting the offence amounted to a corrupt or illegal practice.

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51. 267

53. (1.) Sections ten, twelve, and thirteen of the Corrupt Practices Application of Prevention Act, 1854, and section six of the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1863 (which relate to prosecutions for bribery and c. 102. and other offences under those Acts), shall extend to any prosecution on 26 & 27 Vict. indictment for the offence of any corrupt practice within the meaning prosecutes of this Act, and to any action for any pecuniary forfeiture for an for bribery, offence under this Act, in like manner as if such offence were bribery 17 & is Vict. within the meaning of those Acts, and such indictment or action c-102, were the indictment or action in those sections mentioned, and an 262* 27 ict' order under the said section ten may be made on the defendant;

but the Director of public prosecutions or any person instituting any prosecution in his behalf or by direction of an election court shall not be deemed to be a private prosecutor, nor required under the said sections to give any security.

(2.) On any prosecution under this Act, whether on indictment or summarily, and whether before an election court or otherwise, and in any action for a pecuniary forfeiture under this Act, the person prosecuted or sued, and the husband or wife of such person, may, if he or she think fit, be examined as an ordinary witness in the case.

(3.) On any such prosecution or action as aforesaid it shall be sufficient to allege that the person charged was guilty of an illegal practice, payment, employment, or hiring within the meaning of this Act, as the case may be, and. the certificate of the returning officer at an election that the election mentioned in the certificate was duly held, and that the person named in the certificate was a candidate at such election, shall be sufficient evidence of the facts therein stated.

54. (1.) All offences under this Act punishable on summary Prosecution on

conviction may be prosecuted in manner provided by the Summary s""!mary c°n'

T 1 . a , r r </ ' * viction, and

J unsdiction Acts. appeal to

(2.) A person aggrieved by a conviction by a court of summary quarter ses-jurisdiction for an offence under this Act may appeal to general or slons' quarter sessions against .such conviction.

55. (1:) Except that nothing in this Act shall authorise any Application of appeal against a summary conviction by an election court, the Sum- Summary mary Jurisdiction Acts shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor and IhdLtebte thereof, apply to the prosecution of an offence summarily before an Offences Acts election court, in like manner as if it were an offence punishable to proceedings only on summary conviction, and accordingly the attendance of any courts.6 ection person may be enforced, the case heard and determined and any summary conviction by such court be carried into effect and enforced,

and the costs thereof paid, and the record thereof dealt with under those Acts in like manner as if the court were a petty sessional court for the county or place in which such conviction took place.

(2.) The enactments relating to charges before justices against persons for indictable offences shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, apply to every case where an election court orders a person to be prosecuted on indictment in like manner as if the court were a justice of the peace.

56. (1.) Subject to any rules of court, any jurisdiction vested by Exercise of this Act in the High Court may, so far as it relates to indictments court,° or other criminal proceedings, be exercised by any judge of the and making of

rules of court.

268

Director of public prosecutions, and expenses of prosecutions.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 22.

Recovery of costs payable by county or borough or by person.

32 & 83 Vict. c. 21.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

Obligation of witness to answer, and certificate of indemnity.

Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

Queen's Bench Division, and in other respects may either be exercised by one of the judges for the time being on the rota for the trial of election petitions, sitting either in court or at chambers, or may he exercised by a master of the Supreme Court of Judicature in manner directed by and subject to an appeal to the said judges:

Provided that a master shall not exercise jurisdiction in the case either of an order declaring any act or omission to be an exception from the provisions of this Act with respect to illegal practices, payments, employments, or hirings, or of an order allowing an excuse in relation to a return or declaration respecting election expenses.

(2.) Rules of court may from time to time be made, revoked, and altered for the purposes of this Act, and of the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868, and the Acts amending the same, by the same authority by whom rules of court for procedure and practice in the Supreme Court of Judicature can for the time being be made.

57. (1.) The Director of public prosecutions in performing any duty under this Act shall act in accordance with the regulations under the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879, and subject thereto in accordance with the directions (if any) given to him by the Attorney General; and any assistant or representative of the Director of public prosecutions in performing any duty under this Act shall act in accordance with the said regulations and directions, if any, and with the directions given to him by the Director of public prosecutions.

(2.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the costs of any prosecution on indictment for an offence punishable under this Act, whether by the Director of public prosecutions or his representative or by any other person, shall, so far as they are not paid by the defendant, be paid in like manner as costs in the case of a prosecution for felony are paid.

58. (1.) Where any costs or other sums (not being costs of a prosecution on indictment) are, under an order of an election court, or otherwise under this Act, to be paid by a county or borough, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall pay those costs or sums, and obtain repayment of the amount so paid, in like manner as if such costs and sums were expenses of election commissioners paid by them, and the Election Commissioners Expenses Acts, 1869 and 1871, shall apply accordingly as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to the above-mentioned costs and sums.

(2.) Where any costs or other sums are, under the order of an election court or otherwise under this Act, to be paid by any person, those costs shall be a simple contract debt due from such person to the person or persons to whom they are to be paid, and if payable to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall be a debt to Her Majesty, and in either case may be recovered accordingly.

Supplemental Provisions, Definitions, Savings, and Repeal.

59. m A person who is called as a witness respecting an election before any election court shall not be excused from answering any question relating to any offence at or connected with such election,

269

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, Ch. 51.

on the ground that the answer thereto may criminate or tend to criminate himself or on the ground of privilege;

Provided that —

(a.) a witness who answers truly all questions which he is required by the election court to answer shall be entitled to receive a certificate of indemnity under the hand of a member of the court stating that such witness has so answered : and

(b.) an answer by a person to a question put by or before any election court shall not, except in the case of any criminal proceeding for perjury in respect of such evidence, be in any proceeding, civil or criminal, admissible in evidence against him:

(2.) Where a person has received such a certificate of indemnity in relation to an election, and any legal proceeding is at any time instituted against him for any offence under the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts or this Act committed by him previously to the date of the certificate at or in relation to the said election, the court having cognisance of the case shall on proof of the certificate stay the proceeding, and may in their discretion award to the said person such costs as he may have been put to in the proceeding.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall be taken to relieve a person receiving a certificate of indemnity from any incapacity under this Act or from any proceeding to enforce such incapacity (other than a criminal prosecution).

(4.) This section shall apply in the case of a witness before any election commissioners, in like manner as if the expression " election court " in this section included election commissioners.

. (5.) Where a solicitor or person lawfully acting as agent for any party to an election petition respecting any election for a county or borough has not taken any part or been concerned in such election, the election commissioners inquiring into such election shall not be entitled to examine such solicitor or agent respecting matters which came to his knowledge by reason only of his being concerned as solicitor or agent for a party to such petition.

60. An election court or election commissioners, when reporting Submission of that certain persons have been guilty of any corrupt or illegal practice, shall report whether those persons have or not been fur- commissioners nished with certificates of indemnity; and such report shall be laid to Attorney-before the Attorney-General (accompanied in the case of the com- General, missioners with the evidence on which such report was based) with

a view to his instituting or directing a prosecution against such persons as have not received certificates of indemnity, if the evidence should, in his opinion, be sufficient to support a prosecution.

61. (1.) Section eleven of the Ballot Act, 1872, shall apply to a Breach of duty returning officer or presiding officer or clerk who is guilty of any "®cer^;^ wilful misfeasance or wilful act or omission in contravention of this g°33

Act in like manner as if the same were in contravention of the Ballot Act, 1872.

(2.) Section ninety-seven of the Parliamentary Registration Act, 6 Vict. c. is. 1843, shall apply to every registration officer who is guilty of any wilful misfeasance or wilful act of commission or omission contrary to this Act in like manner as if the same were contrary to the Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843.

270

Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47. Vict.

Publication 62. (1.) Any public notice required to be given by the returning and service of officer under this Act shall be given in the manner in which he is 35 & 36 Vict directed by the Ballot Act, 1872, to give a public notice, c. 33. (2.) Where any summons, notice, or document is required to be

served on any person with reference to any proceeding respecting an election for a county or borough, whether for the purpose of causing him to appear before the High Court or any election court, or election commissioners, or otherwise, or for the purpose of giving him an opportunity of making a statement, or showing cause, or being heard by himself, before any court or commissioners, for any purpose of this Act, such summons, notice, or document may be served either by delivering the same to such person, or by leaving the same at, or sending the same by post by a registered letter to, his last known place of abode in the said county or borough, or if the proceeding is before any court or commissioners, in such other manner as the court or commissioners may direct, and in proving such service by post it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter was prepaid, properly addressed, and registered with the post office.

(3.) In the form of notice of a parliamentary election set forth in the Second Schedule to the Ballot Act, 1872, the words "or any illegal practice " shall be inserted after the words " or other corrupt practices," and the words the " Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883," shall be inserted after the words " Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854 "

Definition of 63. (1.) In the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts, as amended saving for pe^- Act, the expression " candidate at an election " and the ex-

sons nominated pression " candidate " respectively mean, unless the context other-without con- -wise requires, any person elected to serve in Parliament at such election, and any person who is nominated as a candidate at such election, or is declared by himself or by others to be a candidate, on or after the day of the issue of the writ for such election, or after the dissolution or vacancy in consequence of which such writ has been issued;

(2.) Provided that where a person has been nominated as a candidate or declared to be a candidate by others, then —

(a.) If he was so nominated or declared without his consent, nothing in this Act shall be construed to impose any liability on such person, unless he has afterwards given his assent to such nomination or declaration or has been elected; and (b.) If he was so nominated or declared, either without his consent or in his absence and he takes no part in the election, he may, if he thinks fit, make the declaration respecting election expenses contained in the second part of the Second Schedule to this Act, and the election agent shall, so far as circumstances admit, comply with the provisions of this Act with respect to expenses incurred on account of or in respect of the conductor management of the election in like manner as if the candidate had been nominated or declared with his consent.

General inter- 64. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression " election " means the election 1 of a member or members to serve in Parliament:

3i & 32 Vict. The expression " election petition 8 means a petition presented in pursuance of the Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868, as amended by this Act:

271

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

The expression "election court" means the judges presiding at the trial of an election petition, or, if the matter comes before the High Court, that court:

The expression " Election Commissioners " means commissioners

appointed in pursuance of the Election Commissioners Act, 15 & 16 Vict. 1852, and the enactments amending the same: 57"

The expression " High Court " means Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in England:

The expressions "court of summary jurisdiction," " petty sessional court," and " Summary Jurisdiction Acts " have the same meaning as in the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879 : 42 & 43 Vict.

The expression " the Attorney General " includes the Solicitor c' 9‘ General in cases where the office of the Attorney General is vacant or the Attorney General is interested or otherwise unable to act:

The expression " registration officer " means the clerk of the peace in a county, and the town clerk in a borough, as respectively defined by the enactments relating to the registration of parliamentary electors:

The expression " elector " means any person whose name is for the time being on the register roll or book containing the names of the persons entitled to vote at the election with reference to which the expression is used:$

The expression " register of electors " means the said register roll or book:

The expression " polling agent " means an agent of the candidate appointed to attend at a polling station in pursuance of the % Ballot Act, 1872, or of the Acts therein referred to or amending 35 & 33 Vict. the same : ' ' | c. 33.

The expression " person " includes an association or body of persons, corporate or unincorporate, and where any act is done by any such association or body, the members of such association or body who have taken part in the commission of such act shall be liable to any fine or punishment imposed for the same by this Act:

The expression " committee room " shall not include any house or room occupied by a candidate at an election as a dwelling, by reason only of the candidate there transacting business with his agents in relation to such election; nor shall any room or building be deemed to be a committee room for the purposes of this Act by reason only of the candidate or any agent of the candidate addressing therein electors, committeemen, or others:

The expression * public office " means any office under the Crown or under the charter of a city or municipal borough or under the Acts relating to Municipal Corporations or to the Poor Law, or under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, or under the Public 33 & 34 vict. Health Act, 1875, or under any Acts amending the above-men- f®-tioned Acts, or under any other Acts for the time being in force 55 ie ‘ (whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act) relating to local government, whether the office is that of mayor, chairman, alderman, councillor, guardian, member of a board, commissioner other local authority in any county, city, borough, union, sanitary district, or other area, or is the office of clerk of

272 Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

the peace, town clerk, clerk or other officer under a council, hoard, commission, or other authority, or is any other office, to which a person is elected or appointed under any such charter or Act as above-mentioned, and includes any other municipal or parochial office; and the expressions " election," " election petition," ".election court," and "register of electors," shall, where expressed to refer to an election for any such public office, be construed accordingly:

The expression "judicial office" includes the office of justice of the peace and revising barrister:

The expression " personal expenses " as used with respect to the expenditure of any candidate in relation to any election includes the reasonable travelling expenses of such candidate, and the reasonable expenses of his living at hotels or elsewhere for the purposes of and in relation to such election:

The expression " indictment " includes information:

The expression " costs " includes costs, charges, and expenses: The expression " payment " includes any pecuniary or other reward; and the expressions " pecuniary reward " and " money " shall be deemed to include any office, place, or employment, and any valuable security or other equivalent for money, and any valuable consideration, and expressions referring to money shall be construed accordingly:

The expression " Licensing Acts " means the Licensing Acts, 1872 to 1874:

Other expressions have the same meaning as in the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts.

Short titles. 65. (1.) The enactments described in the Third Schedule to this # Act are in this Act referred to as the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts.

(2.) The Acts mentioned in the Fourth Schedule to this Act are in this Act referred to and may be cited respectively by the short-titles in that behalf in that schedule mentioned.

(3.) This Act may be cited as the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

(4.) This Act and the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts may he cited together as the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts, 1854 to 1883.

Repeal of 66. The Acts set forth in the Fifth Schedule to this Act are

Acts. hereby repealed as from the commencement of this Act to the extent

in the third column of that schedule mentioned, provided that this repeal or the expiration of any enactment not continued by this Act shall not revive any enactment which at the commencement of this Act is repealed, and shall not affect anything duly done or suffered before the commencement of this Act, or any right acquired or accrued or any incapacity incurred before the commencement of this Act, and any person subject to any incapacity under any enactment hereby repealed or not continued shall continue subject thereto, and' this Act shall apply to him as if he had become so subject in pursuance of the provisions of this Act

Commence- 67. This Act shall come into operation on the fifteenth day of

ment of Act. October one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act

S73

Application <of. Act to Scotland.

68. This Act shall apply to Scotland, with the following modifications:$

jD ,(L) The following expressions shall mean as follows:

The expression " misdemeanour " shall mean crime and offence:

. The expression " indictment " shall include criminal letters:

The expression "solicitor" shall-mean enrolled law agent: u The expression "revising barrister19 shall mean sheriff :'

The expression " barrister " shall mean advocate!

The expression "petty sessional cohrt " shall mean sheriff court: ;The expression "quarter sessions'" shall mean the Court of Jus-r tieiary:$

| The expression "registration officer" shall mean an assessor,under the enactments relating to the registration of parliaihentary . voters: I

The-expression " municipal borough " shall include royal burgh 1 and burgh of regality and burgh of barony:

The expression "Acts relating to municipal corporations" shall n. include the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, nr, 1862, and any other Act relating to the constitution and govem-,.. i ment of burghs in Scotland:$

The expression " mayor " shall mean provost or chief magistrate:$

, The.expression ^alderman" shall mean bailie:

The expression "Summary Jurisdiction Acts" shall mean the j. ‘ Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts 1864 and 1881' and any Acts amending the same..

-i(2.).'The provisibiri! of this Act With respect to polling districts and the expenses of dividing a County Or borough, into polling dis*? tricts shall not apply to Scotland.

(3.): The provisions respecting the attendance at the trial of an election petition of a representative of the Director, of public prosecutions shall not apply ij& Scotland, and in place thereof the following! pitovisiohs shall have 'effect: *

(a.) At the trial of every election petition, in Scotland Her Majesty's advocate shall be represented by one of his depute

©r by the procurator-^fisCal Of the sheriff dOUrt of the district, who shall attend such trial as part of his .official duty, and shall give aU-necessary assistance th the jhdge with respect, to »the citation of witnesses and recovery of documents:

(6.)'Iff the judge shall grant a warrant for the apprehension, commitment, or citation of any perfeon suspected of being, guilty . of a1 corrupt or illegal practice, the Case shall, be reported to Her Majesty's, advo6ate in order; that such person'may be brought to-trial-before the High Court; of Justiciary or.£he sheriff according ^o the' nature Ox the case:

*(&) j It shall be; the1 ‘duty'Of the1 advocate deputy or, in his absence, the procurator fisCal, if it appeafS'^to!‘him that a corrupt qr illegal practice within the meaning of this Act has been committed rby any person who has not revived a certificate' ,of t indemnity/to report the- case to Her Majesty's advocate' in order to *such person being, brought to trial before the proper court, although no warrant may have been issued by the judge.

Application of Act to Scotland.

274 Ch. 51. Gorm/pt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

(4.) The jurisdiction of the High Court of Justice under this Act shall, in Scotland, he exercised by one of the Divisions of the Court of Session, or by a judge of the said court to whom the same may be remitted by such division, and subject to an appeal thereto, and the Court of Session shall have power to make Acte of sederunt for the purposes of. this Act.

(5.); Court of Oyer and Terminer shall mean a circuit court of Justiciary, and the High Court of Justiciary shall have powers to make acts of adjournal regulating the procedure in appeals to the circuit court under this Act.

: (6.) All offences under this Act punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted (in the sheriff court in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acte, and all necessary jurisdictions are hereby conferred on sheriffs.

(7.) The authority given by this Act to the Director of public prosecutions in England sbn.ll in Scotland be exercised by Her Majesty's advocate, and the reference to the. Prosecution of Offences 25 & 26 Vict. Act, 1879, shall not apply.

8(/&*40 Vict The expression "Licensing Acte", shall mean "tjhe Public

c. 26. " Houses Acts Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1862," and "The Publicans'

Certificates (Scotland) Act, 187,6" and the Acts thereby amended and therein, recited.

(9-) The expression "register,of licenses '' shall mean the register kept in pursuance of. section twelve of the Act nf the ninth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, chapter fifty-eight ,. v (10.) The. references to the. Public Health Act, 1876, and to the Elementary Education Act, 1870, shall be: construed to referto the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, and. to the Elementary Education (Scotland): Act, 1872.

(11.) Any reference to the Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers Act,.1875, shall not apply.

(12.) The provision with respect to the registration officer sending the corrupt, and illegal practices' list tor overseers and the dealing with such list by overseers shall not apply, and in lieu thereof it is hereby : enacted that the assessor shall, in. counties include the names of such persons in the list of persons who have, be'come disqualified, and in boroughs, shall omit the names of -such persons from the list of persons entitled to vote..

.. .(13.) The-power given by this Act to the Lord ..Chancellor in England shall in-Scotland exgeptso far: as relates to the justices of the peace be exercised by. the Lord Justice. jGenejral.

, (14.) Any. reference to the Attorney-General shall refer to the Lord Advocate.

g| (15.) The provisions with respect to -the- removal of cases to the Central Criminal Court or to the trial of cdses at the Royal Courts of Justice shall not apply. c.483.25 VICT '-'(I®*) ‘Section tiurty-e%ht.- of the 'County. Voters* Registration (Scotland) Act, 1861, shall be substituted for section ninety-seven of the Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843, where reference is made to that section in this Act.

|$3h The provision of this Act with regard to costs shall not apply to:.Scotland, and instead thereof the following provision shall have'effect:

275

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

The costs of petitions and other proceedings under "The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868," and under this Act, shall, subject to any regulations which the Court of Session may make by act of sederunt, be taxed as nearly as possible according to the same principles as costs between agent and client are taxed in a cause in that court, and the auditor shall not allow any costs, charges, or expenses on a higher scale.

Application of Act to Irdomd.

69. This Act shall apply to Ireland, with the following modifies- Application of tions: Act to Ireland,

v, (1,) No person shall be tried for any offence against this Act under

any of tlxe provisions of the Prevention of Crime (Ireland) Act, 45 & 46 Vict.

1.882") P ... . . , . . j ;i c'25*

(2.) The expression " Summary Jurisdiction Acts " means, with , reference to the Dublin Metropolitan Police District, the Acts regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace and of the police in such district; and with reference to other parts of Ireland means the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any 14 & 15 vict. Acts amending the said Act.- ' I 'j- - ' c- 93.

(3.) Section one hundred and three of the Act of the session of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine, shall be substituted for section ninety-seven of the Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843, where reference is made w that section in this Act.

(4.) The provision with respect to the registration officer sending the corrupt and illegal practices list to overseers and the dealing with such list by overseers shall not apply, and in lieu thereof it is hereby enacted that the registration officer shall, after; making out such list, himself publish the same in the manner in which he publishes the lists referred to in the twenty-first and the thirty-third sections of the Act of the session of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-mine; and shall also in the case of every J person in the corrupt and illegal practices list enter "objected to " against his name in the register and lists made put by such registration officer in like manner as he is by law required to do in other cases of disqualification.

I (5.) The Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland shall be sub-.. . stituted for the Supreme Court of Judicature.

(6<)‘The High Court of Justice in Ireland shall be substituted for the High Court of Justice in England.

;^(7.) The Lord High Chancellor of If eland shall be substituted for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain.

. (8.) .The Attorney-General for Ireland shall be substituted for the . .Directqr of Public Prosecutions, and the reference to the prose-. cution of- the Offences Act,. 1879,-shall not apply.

(9.) The provisions of this Act relative to polling districts shall ' not apply to Ireland, but in thecOunty of the town of Galway there shall be a polling station at Bama, and at such other places within the parliamentary borough of Galway as the town commissibbers may appoint.

1 2

276

Ch. 51. Cwrwpt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

(10.) Any reference to Part IV. of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall be construed to refer to the Corrupt Practices (Municipal Elections) Act, 1872.

(11.) Any reference to the Licensing Acts shall be construed to refer to the Licensing Acts (Ireland), 1872-1874.

4i & 42 Vict. (12.) The Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall be substituted for the Public Health Act, 1875.

(13.) The provisions with respect to the removal of cases to the Central Criminal Court, or to the trial of cases at the Royal Courts of Justice, shall not apply to Ireland.

Continuance.

Continuance. 70. This Act shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and no longer, unless continued by Parliament; and such of the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts as are referred to in Part One of the Third Schedule to this Act shall contitiue in force until the same day, and no longer,'unless continued by Parliament.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

% Persons Legally Employed for Payment.

(1.) One election agent and no more.

(2.) In counties one deputy election agent (in this Act referred to as a sub-agent) to act within each polling district and no more.

(3.) One polling agent in each polling station and no more.

(4.) In a borough one clerk and one messenger, or if the number of electors in the borough exceeds five hundred, a number of clerks and messengers not exceeding in number one clerk and one messenger for every complete five hundred electors in the borough, and if there is a number of electors over and above any complete five hundred or complete five hundreds of electors, then one clerk and one messenger may be employed for such number, although not amounting to a complete five hundred.

(5.) In a county for the central committee room one clerk and one messenger, or if the number of electors in the county exceeds five thousand, then a number of clerks and messengers not exceeding in number one clerk and one messenger for every complete five thousand electors in the county; and if there is a number of electors over and above any complete five thousand or complete five thousands of electors, then one clerk and one messenger may be employed for such number, although not amounting to a complete five thousand.

(6.) In a county a number of clerks and messengers not exceeding in number one clerk and one messenger for each polling district in the county, or where the number of electors in a polling district exceeds five hundred one clerk and one messenger for every complete five hundred electors in the polling district, and if there is a number of electors over and above any complete five hundred or complete five hundreds of electors, then one clerk and one messenger may be employed for such number, although not amounting to a complete five hundred: Provided always, that the number of clerks and messengers so allowed in any county may be employed in any polling district where their services may be required.

(7.) Any such paid election agent, sub-agent, polling agent, clerk, and messenger may or may not be an elector but may not vote.

(8.) In the case of the boroughs of East Retford, Shoreham, Cricklade, Much Wenlock, and Aylesbury, the provisions of this part of this schedule shall apply as if such borough were a county.

277

Part II.

Legal Expenses in Addition to Expenses under Part I.

(1.) Sums paid to the returning officer for his charges not exceeding the amount authorised by the Act 38 & 39 Vict. c. 84.

(2.) The personal expenses of the candidate.

(3.) The expenses of printing, the expenses of advertising, and the expenses of publishing, issuing, and distributing addresses and notices.

(4.) The expenses of stationery, messages, postage, and telegrams.

(5.) The expenses of holding public meetings.

(6.) In a borough the expenses of one committee room and if the number of electors in the borough exceeds five hundred then of a number of committee rooms not exceeding the number of one committee room for every complete five hundred electors in the borough, and if there is a number of electors over and above any complete five hundred or complete five hundreds of electors, then of one committee room for such number, although not amounting to a complete five hundred.

(7.) In a county the expenses of a central committee room, and in addition of a number of committee rooms not exceeding in number one committee room for each polling district in the county, and where the number of electors in a polling district exceeds five hundred one additional committee room may be hired for every complete five hundred electors in such polling district over and above the first five hundred.

Part III.

Maximum for Miscellaneous Matters.

Expenses in respect of miscellaneous matters other than those mentioned in Part I. and Part II. of this schedule not exceeding in the whole the maximum amount of two hundred pounds, so nevertheless that such expenses are not incurred in respect of any matter or in any manner constituting an offence under this or any other Act, or in respect of any matter or thing, payment for which is expressly prohibited by this or any other Act.

Part IV.

Maximum Beale.

(1.) In a borough the expenses mentioned above in Parts I., II., and III. of this schedule, other than personal expenses and sums paid to the. returning officer for his charges, shall not exceed in the whole the maximum amount in the scale following:$

If the number of electors on the register — The maximum amount shall be —

Does not exceed 2,000 - 3501.

Exceeds 2,000 - 380/., and an additional 30/. for every

complete 1,000 electors above 2,000.

Provided that in Ireland if the number of

electors on the register — The maximum amount shall be —

Does not exceed 500 - 200/.

Exceeds 500, but does not exceed 1,000 250/.

Exceeds 1,000, but does not exceed

1,500 - 275/.

(2.) In a county the expenses mentioned above in Parts I., II., and III. of this schedule, other than personal expenses and sums paid to the returning officer for his charges, shall not exceed in the whole the maximum amount in the scale following:

If the number of electors on the register — The maximum amount shall be —

Does not exceed 2,000 - - 650/. in England and Scotland, and 500/.

in Ireland.

Exceeds 2,000 ... 710/. in England and Scotland, and 540/.

[ in Ireland; and an additional 60/. in England and Scotland, and 40/. in Ireland, for every complete 1,000 electors above 2,000.

278

Ch. 51. Com'upt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

Pabt V.

General.

(1.) In the case of the boroughs of East Retford, Shoreham, Cricklade, Much Wenlock, and Aylesbury, the provisions of Parts II., III., and IY. of this schedule shall apply as if such borough were a county.

(2.) For the purposes of this schedule the number of electors shall be taken according to the enumeration of the electors in the register of electors.

(3.) Where there are two or more joint candidates at an election the maximum amount of expenses mentioned in Parts III. and IV. of this schedule shall, for each of such joint candidates, be reduced by one-fourth, or if there are more than two joint candidates by one-third. *

(4.) Where the same election agent is appointed by or on behalf of two or more candidates at an election, or where two or more candidates, by themselves or any agent or agents, hire or use the same committee rooms for such election, or employ or use the services of the same sub-agents, clerks, messengers, or polling agents at such election, or publish a joint address or joint circular or notice at such election, those candidates shall be deemed for the purposes of this enactment to be joint candidates at such election. Provided that —

(a.) The employment and use of the same committee room, sub-agent, clerk, messenger, or polling agent, if accidental or casual, or of a trivial and unimportant character, shall not be deemed of itself to constitute persons joint candidates.

(J.) Nothing in this enactment shall prevent candidates from ceasing to be joint candidates.

(c.) Where any excess of expenses above, the maximum allowed for one of two or more joint candidates has arisen owing to his having ceased to be a joint candidate, or to his having become a joint candidate after having begun to conduct his election as a separate candidate, and such ceasing or beginning was in good faith, and such excess is not more than under the circumstances is reasonable, and the total expenses of such candidate do not exceed the maximum amount allowed for a separate candidate, such excess shall be deemed to have arisen from a reasonable cause within the meaning of the enactments respecting the allowance by the High Court or election court of an exception from the provisions of this Act which would otherwise make an act an illegal practice, and the candidate and his election agent may be relieved accordingly from the consequences of having incurred such excess of expenses.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Pabt I.

Poem of Declaeations as to Expenses.

Form for CamLidate.

I , having been a candidate at the election for the county [or borough]

of on the day of , do hereby solemnly and sincerely declare that

I have examined the return of election expenses [about to be] transmitted by my election agent [or if the candidate is his oxen election agent, " by me "] to the returning officer at the said election, a copy of which is now shown to me and marked , and to the best of my knowledge and belief that return is correct;

And I further solemnly and sincerely declare that, except as appears from that return, I have not, and to the best of my knowledge and belief no person, nor any club, society, or association, has, on my behalf, made any payment, or given, promised, or offered any reward, office, employment, or valuable consideration, or incurred any liability on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the said election;

And I further solemnly and sincerely declare that I have paid to my election agent [if the candidate is also his own election agent, leave out " to my election agent "] the sum of pounds and no more for the purpose of the said election, and that, except as

specified in the said return, no money, security, or equivalent for money has to my know-

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51. 279

ledge or belief been paid, advanced, given, or deposited by anyone to or in the hands of my election agent [or if the candidate is his own election agent, " myself "3 or any other person for the purpose of defraying any expenses incurred on my behalf on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the said election;

And I further solemnly and sincerely declare that I will not, except so far as I may be permitted by law, at any future time make or be party to the making or giving of, any payment, reward, office, employment, or valuable consideration for the purpose of defraying any such expenses as last mentioned, or provide or be party to the providing of any money, security, or equivalent for money for the purpose of defraying any such expenses.

Signature of declarant C.D.

Signed and declared by the above-named declarant on the day of ,

before me. (Signed) E.F.

Justice of the Peace for

Form for Election Agent.

I, , being election agent to , candidate at the election for the

county [or borough] of , on the day of , do hereby

solemnly and sincerely declare that I have examined the return of election expenses about to be transmitted by me to the returning officer at the said election, and now shown to me and marked , and to the best of my knowledge and belief that return is correct;

And I hereby further solemnly and sincerely declare that, except as appears from that return, I have not and to the best of my knowledge and belief no other person, nor any club, society, or association has on behalf of the said candidate made any payment, or given, promised, or offered any reward, office, employment, or valuable consideration, or incurred any liability on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the said election;

And I further solemnly and sincerely declare that I have received from the said candidate pounds and no more [or nothing] for the purpose of the said election, and

that, except as specified in the said return sent by me, no money, security, or equivalent for money has been paid, advanced, given, or deposited by any one to me or in my hands, or, to the best of my knowledge and belief, to or in the hands of any other person for the purpose of defraying any expenses incurred on behalf of the said candidate on account of, o r in respect of the conduct or management of the said election.

Signature of declarant A.B.

Signed and declared by the above-named declarant on the day of

before me. (Signed) E.F.

Justice of the Peace for

Form of Return of Election Expenses.

I, A.B., being election agent to C.D., candidate at the election, for the county [or borough] of on the day of , make the following return

respecting election expenses of the said candidate at the said election [or where the candidate has named himself as election agent, " I, C.D., candidate at the election for " the county [or borough] of on the day of , acting

" as my own election agent, make the following return respecting my election expenses " at the said election"].:$

Receipts.

Received of [the above-named candidate], [or where the candidate is 1 ,

his own election agent, "Paid by me"] - J *

Received of J.K. - . - £

[Here set out the name and description of every person, club, society, or association, whether the candidate or not, from whom any money, securities, or equivalent of money was received in respect of expenses incurred on account of or in connexion with or incidental to the above election, and the amount received from each person, club, society, or association separately.]

280 Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47

Expenditure.

Paid to EJF., the returning officer for the said county [or borough] for 1 his charges at the said election - j *

Personal expenses of the said C.D., paid by himself [or if the candidate 1 , is his own election agent, " Paid by me as candidate "] - - J *

Do. do. paid by me [or if the candidate ] ,

is his own election agent, add " acting as election agent "] - - j *

Received by me for my services as election agent at the said 'election 1 _ [or if the candidate is his own election agent, leave out this iteni\ ' - J Paid to G.H. as sub-agent of the polling district of - £

[ The name and description of each sub-agent and the sum paid to him must be set out separately. ]

Paid to as polling agent - £

Paid to as clerk for days services - £

Paid to as messenger for days services - - £

[The names and descriptions of every polling agent, clerk, and messenger, and the sum paid to each, must be set out separately either in the account or in a separate list annexed to and referred to in the account, thus, " Paid to polling agent (or as the case may be) as per annexed list £ ."]

Paid to the following persons in respect of goods supplied or work and labour done:

To P.Q. (printing) - - £

To M.N. (advertising) - - £

To B.S. (stationery) - - £

The name and description of each person, and the nature of the goods supplied, or the work and labour done by each, must be set out separately either in the account or in a separate list annexed to and referred to in the account.]

Paid for postage - £

Paid fdr telegrams - £

Paid for the hire of rooms as follows: —

For holding public meetings - £

For committee rooms - £

[A room hired for a public meeting or for a committee room must be named or described so as to identify it; and the name and description of every person to whom any payment was made for each such room, together with the amount paid, must be set out separately either in the account or in a separate list annexed to and referred to in the account.]

Paid for miscellaneous matters, namely — - £

[The name and description of each person to whom any sum is paid, and the reason for which it was paid to him, must be set out separately either in the account or in a separate list annexed to and referred to in the account.]

In addition to the above, I am aware, as election agent for C.D., [or if the candidate is his own election agent, leave out " as election agent for C.D."~\ of the following disputed and unpaid claims; namely, —

Disputed claims.

By T. U. for - ..... £

[Here set out the name and description of each person whose claim is disputed, the amount of the claim, and the goods, work, or other matter on the ground of which the claim is based.]

281

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

Unpaid claims allowed by the High Court to be paid after the proper time or in respect of which application has been or is about to be made to the High Court.

By M.O. for- - £

[Here state the name and description of each person to whom any such claim is due, and the amount of the claim, and the goods, work, and labour or other matter on account of which the claim is due.~\

(Signed) A.B.

Part II.

Form of Declaration as to Expenses.

Form for candidate where declared a candidate or nominated in his absence and talcing no part in the election.

I, , having been nominated [or having been declared by others]

in my absence [to be] a candidate at the election for the county or borough of

held on the day of , do hereby solemnly and

sincerely declare that I have taken no part whatever in the said election.

And I further solemnly and sincerely declare that- [or with the exception of I have not, and no person, club, society, or association at my expense has, made any payment or given, promised, or offered, any reward, office, employment, or valuable consideration, or incurred any liability on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the said election.

And I further solemnly and sincerely declare that [or with the exception of

] I have not paid any money or given any security or equivalent for money to the person acting as my election agent'at the said election, or to any other person, club, society, or association on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the said election, and that [or with the exception of ] I am entirely ignorant

of any money security or equivalent for money having been paid, advanced, given, or deposited by any one for the purpose of defraying any expenses incurred on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the said election.

And I further solemnly and sincerely declare that I will not, except so far as I may be permitted by law, at any future time make or be party to the making or giving of any payment, reward, office, employment, or valuable consideration for the purpose of defraying any such expenses as last mentioned, or provide or be party to the providing of any money, security, or equivalent of money for the purpose of defraying any such expenses.

Signature of declarant C.D.

Signed and declared by the above-named declarant on the day of ,

before me, (Signed) E.F.

Justice of the Peace for

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act. Enactments referred to as being the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. PART ONE. Temporary. The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, The whole Act so far as

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. - 1854. An Act to amend and continue the law unrepealed. The whole Act so far as

31 & 32 Vict! c. 125. relating to corrupt practices at elections of members of Parliament. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868 unrepealed. The whole Act so far as

35 & 36 Vict. o. 33. - The Ballot Act, 1872 - unrepealed. Part III. so far as un-

42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. - The Parliamentary Elections and Cor- repealed. The whole Act so far as

rupt Practices Act, 1879. unrepealed.

282 Ch. 51, Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict

Session and Chapter. e of Act. Enactments referred to as being the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts.

PART TWO.

Permanent.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 48. -31 & 32 Vict. c. 49. -44 & 45 Vict. c. 40. « The Representation of the People Act, 1867. The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868. The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868. The Universities Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1881. Sections eleven, forty-nine, and fifty. Sections eight and forty-nine. Sections eight and thirteen. Sub-section seventeen of section two.

PART THREE.

Enactments defining- the Offences of Bribery and Personation. The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854,17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. S3. 2,3. Bribery s. 2. The following persons shall be deemed guilty of bribery, and shall be

defined. punishable accordingly: —

(1.) Every person who shall, directly or indirectly, by himself, or by any other person on his behalf, give, lend, or agree to give or lend, or shall offer, promise, or promise to procure or to endeavour to procure, any money or valuable consideration to or for any voter, or to or for any person on behalf of any voter, or to or for any other person in order to induce any voter to vote or refrain from voting, or shall corruptly do any such act as aforesaid on account of such voter having voted or refrained from voting at any election:

(2.) Every person who shall, directly or indirectly, by himself, or by any other person on his behalf, give or procure, or agree to give or procure, or offer, promise, or promise to procure or to endeavour to procure, any office, place, or employment to or for any voter, or to or for any person on behalf of any voter, or to or for any other person in order to induce such voter to vote or refrain from voting, or shall corruptly do any such act as aforesaid on account of any voter having voted or refrained from voting at any election:

(3.) Every person who shall, directly or indirectly, by himself, or by any other person on his behalf, make any such gift, loan, offer, promise, procurement, or agreement as aforesaid to or for any person, in order to induce such person to procure or endeavour to procure the return of any person to serve in Parliament, or the vote of any voter at any election:

(4.) Every person who shall, upon or in consequence of any such gift, loan, offer, promise, procurement, or agreement, procure or engage, promise, or endeavour to procure the return of any person to serve in Parliament, or the vote of-any voter at any election:

(5.) Every person who shall advance or pay, or cause to be paid, any money to or to the use of any other person with the intent that such money or any part thereof shall be expended in bribery at any election, or who shall knowingly pay or cause to be paid any money to any person in discharge or repayment of any money wholly or in part expended in bribery at any election. Provided always, that the aforesaid enactment shall not extend or be construed to extend to any money paid or agreed to be paid for or on account of any legal expenses bona fide incurred at or concerning any election.

Bribery further 8- & The following persons shall also be deemed guilty of bribery, and

defined. shall be punishable accordingly: —

(1.) Every voter who shall, before or during any election, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, receive, agree, or contract for any money, gift, loan, or valuable consideration, office, place, or employment, for himself or for any other person, for voting or agreeing to vote, or for refraining or agreeing to refrain from voting at any election:

283

1883. Corrupt a/nd Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51.

(2.) Every person who shall, after any election, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, receive any money or valuable consideration on account of any person having voted or refrained from voting, or having induced any other person to vote or refrain from voting at any election.

The Representation of the People Act, 1867, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. s. 49.

Any person, either directly or indirectly, corruptly paying any rate on Corrupt pay-behalf of any ratepayer for the purpose of enabling him to be registered as a ment of rates to voter, thereby to influence his vote at any future election, and any candidate be punishable or other person, either directly or indirectly, paying any rate on behalf of as bribery, any voter for the purpose of inducing him to vote or refrain from voting, shall be guilty of bribery, and be punishable accordingly; and any person on whose behalf and with whose privity any such payment as in .this section is mentioned is made, shall also be guilty of bribery, and punishable accordingly.

The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868, 31 & 32 Vict.

c. 48. s. 49.

Any person, either directly or indirectly, corruptly paying any rate on Corrupt pay-behalf of any ratepayer for the purpose of enabling him to be registered as a ment of rates to voter, thereby to influence his vote at any future election, and any candidate be punishable or other person, either directly or indirectly, paying any rate on behalf of as bribery, any voter for the purpose of inducing him to vote or refrain from voting, shall be guilty of bribery, and be punishable accordingly; and any person on whose behalf and with whose privity any such payment as in this section mentioned is made shall also be guilty of bribery, and punishable accordingly.

The Universities Elections Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1881, 44 & 45 Vict.

c. 40. s. 2.

17. Any person, either directly or indirectly, corruptly paying any fee for Corrupt pay-the purpose of enabling any person to be registered as a member of the ment of regis-general council, and thereby to influence his vote at any future election, and tration fee to be any candidate or other person, either directly or indirectly, paying such punishable as fee on behalf of any person for the purpose of inducing him to vote or to *)rl"cr.T‘ refrain from voting, shall be guilty of bribery, and shall be punishable accordingly; and any person on whose behalf and with whose privily any such payment as in this section mentioned is made, shall also be guilty of bribery, and punishable accordingly.

The Ballot Act, 1872, 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. s. 24.

A person shall for all purposes of the laws relating to parliamentary Personation and municipal elections be deemed to be guilty of the offence of personation defined, who, at an election for a county or borough, or at a municipal election, applies for a ballot paper in the name of some other person, whether that name be that of a person living or dead, or of a fictitious person, or who, having voted once at any such election, applies at the same election for a ballot paper in his own name.

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Short Titles.

Session and Chapter. Long Title. Short Title.

15 & 16 Vict. o. 57. An Act to provide for more effectual inquiry into the existence of corrupt practices at the election of members to serve in Parliament. Election Commissioners Act, 1852.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. An Act to amend and continue the law relating to corrupt practices at elections of members of Parliament. The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1863.

284

Ch. 51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act. 46 & 47 Vict.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Note. — Portions of Acts which have already been specifically repealed are in some instances included in the repeal in this Schedule in order to preclude henceforth the necessity of looking back to previous Acts.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter.

60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo.

o.ll.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 58.

4 Geo. 4. c. 55.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 87.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29.

Title or Short Title.

4. An Act for the better regulation of polls, and for making further provision touching the election of members to serve in Parliament for Ireland.

- An Act to regulate the

expenses of election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland.

An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts now in force so far as the same relate to the election and return of members to serve in Parliament, for the counties of cities and counties of towns in Ireland.

- The Corrupt Practices

Prevention Act, 1854.

An Act to continue and amend the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854.

- An Act to amend and continue the law relating to corrupt practices at elections of Members of Parliament.

Extent of Repeal.

Section thirty-six.

The whole Act except section three.

Section eighty-two.

Section one.

Section two, from " and any person so offending" to "with full costs of suit."

Section three, from " and any person so offending " to the end of the section.

Section four.

Section five.

Section six.

Section seven, from "and all payments " to the end of the section.

Section nine, section fourteen, section twenty-three, section thirty-six, section thirty-eight, from " and the words personal expenses " to the end of the section, and section thirty-nine and Schedule A.

The whole Act.

The whole Act, except section six.

1883. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. Ch. 51,52.

285

Session and Chapter. Title or Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. The Representation of the People Act, 1867. Section thirty-four, from" and in other boroughs the justices" to " greater part thereof is situate " and section thirty-six.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 48. The Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868. Section twenty-five.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 49. The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868. Section twelve.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 58. The Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1868. Section eighteen, from " the power of dividing their county " to the end of the section.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. The Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868. So much of section three as relates to the definitions of "candidate." Section sixteen. Section thirty-three. Section thirty-six. Section forty-one, from "but accord* ing to the same principles " to " the High Court of Chancery." Section forty-three. Section forty-five. Section forty-six. Section forly-seven. Section fifty-eight, from " The prin-. ciples " down to " in the court of session," being sub-section sixteen.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. The Ballot Act, 1872 - Section five, from the beginning down to "one hundred registered electors." Section twenty-four, from "The offence of personation, or of aiding," to " hard labour," and from " The offence of personation shall be deemed to be" to the end of the section.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1879. Section three and schedule.

43 Vict. c. 18. The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880. The whole Act, except sections one and three.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to amend and consolidate the Law of Bankruptcy.

[25th August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

Short title.

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Yicx.

Act- 2. This Act shall not, except so far as is expressly provided, extend to Scotland or Ireland.

3. This Act shall, except as by this Act otherwise provided, commence and come into operation from and immediately after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three.

PART I.

Proceedings from Act of Bankruptcy to Discharge.

Acts of Bankruptcy,

4. (1.) A debtor commits an act of bankruptcy in each of the following cases : —

(a.) If in England or elsewhere he makes a conveyance or assign-..ment of his property to a trustee or trustees for the benefit of his creditors generally:

<b) If in England or elsewhere he makes a fraudulent conveyance, gift, delivery, or transfer of his property, or of any part thereof:

(c.) If in England or elsewhere he makes any conveyance or transfer of his property or any part thereof, or creates any charge thereon which would under this or any other Act be void as a fraudulent preference if he were adjudged bankrupt: (d.) If with intent to defeat or delay his creditors he does any of the following things, namely, departs out of England, or being out of England remains out of England, or departs from his dwelling-house, or otherwise absents himself, or begins to keep house:

(e.) If execution issued against him has been levied by seizure and sale of his goods under process in an action in any court, or in any civil proceeding in the High Court:

(f.) If he files in the Court a declaration of his inability to pay his debts or presents a bankruptcy petition against himself: (g.) If a creditor has obtained a final judgment against him for any amount, and execution thereon not having been stayed, has served on him in England, or, by leave of the Court, elsewhere, a bankruptcy notice under this Act, requiring him to pay the judgment debt in accordance with the terms of the judgment, or to secure or compound for it to the satisfaction of the creditor or the Court, and he does not, within seven days after service of the notice, in case the service is effected in England, and in case the service is effected elsewhere, then within the time limited in that behalf by the order giving leave to effect the service, either comply, with the requirements of the notice, or satisfy the Court that he has a counter-claim set off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the judgment debt, and whiclj he could not set up in the action in which1 the judgment was obtained:

(h.) If the debtor gives notice to any of his creditors that he has suspended, or that he is about to suspend, payment of his debts.

(2.) A bankruptcy notice under this Act shall be in the prescribed form, and shall state the consequences of non-compliance therewith and shall he served in the prescribed manner.

Ch. 52.

287

Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

Receiving Order.

5. Subject to the conditions herein-after specified, if a debtor jurisdiction to commits an act of bankruptcy the Court may, on a bankruptcy make receiving petition being presented either by a creditor or by the debtor, make or er‘

an order, in this Act called a receiving order, for the protection of the estate.

6. (1.) A creditor shall not be entitled to present a bankruptcy creditor

petition against a debtor unless — may petition.

(a.) The debt owing by the debtor to the petitioning creditor, or, if two or more creditors join in the petition, the aggregate amount of debts owing to the several petitioning creditors, amounts to fifty pounds, and

(b.) The debt is a liquidated sum, payable either immediately or at some certain future time, and

(c.) The act of bankruptcy on which the petition is grounded has occurred within three months before the presentation of the petition, and

(d.) The debtor is domiciled in England, or, within a year before the date of the presentation of the petition, has ordinarily resided or had a dwelling-house or place of business in England.

(2.) If the petitioning creditor is a secured creditor, he must, in his petition, either state that he is willing to give up his security for the benefit of the creditors in the event of the debtor being adjudged bankrupt, or give an estimate of the value of his security.

In the latter case, he may be admitted as a petitioning creditor to the extent of the balance of the debt due to him, after deducting the value so estimated in the same manner as if he were an unsecured creditor.

7. (1.) A creditor's petition shall be verified by affidavit of the and^rtoon

creditor, or of some person on his behalf, having knowledge of the creditor's facts, and served in the prescribed manner. petition.

(2.) At the hearing the Court shall require proof of the debt of the petitioning creditor of the service of the petition, and of the act of bankruptcy, or, if more than one act of bankruptcy is alleged in the petition, of some one of the alleged acts of bankruptcy, and, if satisfied with the proof, may make a receiving order in pursuance of the petition.

(3.) If the Court is not satisfied with the proof of the petitioning creditor's debt, or of the act of bankruptcy, or of the service of the petition, or is satisfied by the debtor that he is able to pay his debts, or, that for other sufficient cause no order ought to be made, the Court may dismiss the petition.

(A) When the act of bankruptcy relied on is non-compliance with a bankruptcy notice to pay, secure, or compound for a judgment debt, the Court may, if it thinks fit, stay or dismiss the petition on the ground that an appeal is pending from the judgment.

(5.) Where the debtor appears on the petition, and denies that he is indebted to the petitioner, or that he is indebted to such an amount as would justify the petitioner in presenting a petition against him, the Court, on such security (if any) being given as the Court may require for payment to the petitioner of any debt which may be established against him in due course of law, and of the costs of establishing the debt, may instead of dismissing the petition stay

Debtor's petition and order thereon.

Effect of receiving order.

Discretionary-powers as to appointment of receiver and stay of proceedings.

Service of order staying proceedings.

Power to appoint special manager.

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

all proceedings on the petition for such time as may be required for trial of the question relating to the debt.

(6.) Where proceedings are stayed, the Court may, if by reason of the delay caused by the stay of proceedings or for any other cause it thinks just, make a receiving order on the petition of some other creditor, and shall thereupon dismiss, on such terms as it thinks just, the petition in which proceedings have been stayed as aforesaid.

(7.) A creditor's petition shall not, after presentment, be withdrawn without the leave of the Court.

8. (1.) A debtor's petition shall allege that the debtor is unable to pay his debts, and the presentation thereof shall be deemed an act of bankruptcy without the previous filing by the debtor of any declaration of inability to pay his debts, and the Court shall thereupon make a receiving order.

(2.) A debtor's petition shall not, after presentment, be withdrawn without the leave of the Court.

9. (1.) On the making of a receiving order an official receiver shall be thereby constituted receiver of the property of the debtor, and thereafter, except as directed by this Act, no creditor to whom the debtor is indebted in respect of any debt provable in bankruptcy shall have any remedy against the property or person of the debtor in respect of the debt, or shall commence any action or other legal proceedings unless with the leave of the Court and on such terms as the Court may impose.

(2.) But this section shall not affect the power of any secured creditor to realize or otherwise deal with his security in the same manner as he would have been entitled to realize or deal with it if this section had not been passed.

10. (1.) The Court may, if it is shown to be necessary for the protection of the estate, at any time after the presentation of a bankruptcy petition, and before a receiving order is made, appoint the official receiver to be interim receiver of the property of the debtor, or of any part thereof, and direct him to take immediate possession thereof or of any part thereof.

(2.) The Court may at any time after the presentation of a bankruptcy petition stay any action, execution, or other legal process against the property or person of the debtor, and any Court in which proceedings are pending against a debtor may, on proof that a bankruptcy petition has been presented by or against the debtor, either stay the proceedings or allow them to continue on such terms as it may think just.

11. Where the Court makes an order staying any action or proceeding, or staying proceedings generally, the order may be served by sending a copy thereof, under the seal of the Court, by prepaid post letter to the address for service of the plaintiff or other party prosecuting such proceeding.

12. (1.) The official receiver of a debtor's estate may, on the application of any creditor or creditors, and if satisfied that the nature of the debtor's estate or business or the interests of the creditors generally require the appointment of a special manager of the estate or business other than the official receiver, appoint a manager thereof accordingly to act until a trustee is appointed, and with such powers^ (including any of the powers of a receiver) as may be entrusted to him by the official receiver.

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 5*2. 283

(2.) The special manager shall give security and account in such manner as the Board of Trade may direct.

(3.) The special manager shall receive such remuneration as the creditors may, by resolution at an ordinary meeting, determine, or in default of any such resolution, as may be prescribed.

13. Notice of every receiving order, stating the name, address, Advertisement and description of the debtor, the date of the order, the Court by of receiving which the order is made, and the date of the petition, shall be order-gazetted and advertised in a local paper in the prescribed manner.

14. If in any case where a receiving order has been made on a Power to Court bankruptcy petition it shall appear to the Court by which such to a?"ul ,

x «/ x x x . «/ receiving order

order was made, upon an application by the official receiver, or any ;n certain creditor or other person interested, that a majority of the creditors cases, in number and value are resident in Scotland or in Ireland, and that from the situation of the property of the debtor, or other causes, his estate and effects ought to be distributed among the creditors under the Bankrupt or Insolvent Laws of Scotland or Ireland, the said Court, after such inquiry as to it shall seem fit, may rescind the receiving order and stay all proceedings on, or dismiss the petition upon such terms, if any, as the Court may think fit.

Proceedings consequent on Order.

15. (1.) As soon as may be after the making of a receiving order First and other against a debtor a general meeting of his creditors (in this Act — editors °* referred to as the first meeting of creditors) shall be held for the

purpose of considering whether a proposal for a composition or scheme of arrangement shall be entertained, or whether it is expedient that the debtor shall be adjudged bankrupt, and generally as to the mode of dealing with the debtor's property.

(2.) With respect to the summoning of and proceedings at the first and other meetings of creditors, the rules in the First Schedule shall be observed.

16. (1.) Where a receiving order is made against a debtor, he Debtor's etate-shall make out and submit to the official receiver a statement of and ment of affa,rs-in relation to his affairs in the prescribed form, verified by affidavit,

and showing the particulars of the debtor's assets, debts, and liabilities, the names, residences, and occupations of his creditors, the securities held by them respectively, the dates when the securities were respectively given, and such further or other information as may be prescribed or as the official receiver may require.

(2.) The statement shall be so submitted within the following times, namely:

(i.) If the order is made on the petition of the debtor, within three days from the date of the order.

(ii.) If the order is made on the petition of a creditor, within seven days from the date of the order.

But the Court may, in either case, for special reasons, extend the time.

(3.) If the debtor fails without reasonable excuse to comply with the requirements of this section, the Court may, on the application of the official receiver, or of any creditor, adjudge him bankrupt.

(4.) Any person stating himself in writing to be a creditor of the bankrupt may, personally or by agent, inspect this statement at all

Ca. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

reasonable times, and take any copy thereof or extract therefrom, but any person untruthfully so stating himself to be a creditor shall be guilty of a contempt of court, and shall be punishable accordingly on the application of the trustee or official receiver.

Public Examination of Debtor.

if t"* n° ^am*" 17. (1.) Where the Court makes a receiving order it shall hold a

debtor. public sitting, on a day to be appointed by the Court, for the examination of the debtor, and the debtor shall attend thereat, and shall be examined as to his conduct, dealings, and property.

(2.) The examination shall be held as soon as conveniently may be after the expiration of the time for the submission of the debtor's statement of affairs.

(3.) The Court may adjourn the examination from time to time. (4.) Any creditor who has tendered a proof, or his representative authorised in writing, may question the debtor concerning his affairs and the causes of his failure.

(5.) The official receiver shall take part in the examination of the debtor; and for the purpose thereof, if specially authorised by the Board of Trade, may employ a solicitor with or without counsel.

(6.) If a trustee is appointed before the conclusion of the examination he may take part therein.

(7.) The Court may put such questions to the debtor as it may think expedient.

(8.) The debtor shall be examined upon oath, and it shall be his duty to answer all such questions as the Court may put or allow to be put to him. Such notes of the examination as the Court thinks proper shall be taken down in writing, and shall be read over to and signed by the debtor, and may thereafter be used in evidence against him; they shall also be open to the inspection of any creditor at all reasonable times.

(9.) WThen the Court is of opinion that the affairs of the d.ebtor have been sufficiently investigated, it shall, by order, declare that his examination is concluded, but such order shall not be made until after the day appointed for the first meeting of creditors.

Composition or Scheme of Arrangement.

18. (1.) The creditors may at the first meeting or any adjournment thereof, by special resolution, resolve to entertain a proposal for a composition in satisfaction of the debts due to them from the debtor, or a proposal for a scheme of arrangement of the debtor's affairs.

(2.) The composition or scheme shall not be binding on the creditors unless it is confirmed by a resolution passed (by a majority in number representing three fourths in value of all the creditors who have proved) at a subsequent meeting of the creditors, and is approved by the Court.

Any creditor who has proved his debt may assent to or dissent from such composition or scheme by a letter addressed to the official receiver in the prescribed form, and attested by a witness, so as to be received by such official receiver not later than the day preceding such subsequent meeting, and such creditor shall be taken as being present and voting at such meeting.

Power for creditors to accept and Court to approve composition or arrangement.

(Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

(3.) The subsequent meeting shall be summoned by the official receiver by not less than seven days notice, and shall not be held until after the public examination of the debtor is concluded. The notice shall state generally the terms of the proposal, and shall be accompanied by a report of the official receiver thereon.

(4.) The debtor or the official receiver may, after the composition or scheme is accepted by the creditors, apply to the Court to approve it, and notice of the time appointed for hearing the application shall be given to each creditor who has proved.

(5.) The Court shall, before approving a composition or scheme, hear a report of the official receiver as to the terms of the composition or scheme and as to the conduct of the debtor, and any objections which may be made by or on behalf of any creditor.

(6.) If the Court is of opinion that the terms of the composition or scheme are not reasonable, or are not calculated to benefit the general body of .creditors, or in any case in which the Court is required under this Act where the debtor is adjudged bankrupt to refuse his discharge, the Court shall, or if any such facts are proved as would under this Act justify the Court in refusing, qualifying, or suspending the debtor's discharge, the Court may, in its discretion, refuse to approve the composition or scheme.

(7.) If the Court approves the composition or scheme, the approval may be testified by the seal of the Court being attached to the instrument containing the terms of the composition or scheme, or by the terms being embodied in an order of the Court.

(8.) A composition or scheme accepted and approved in pursuance of this section shall be binding on all the creditors so far as relates to any debts due to them from the debtor and provable in bankruptcy.

(9.) A certificate of the official receiver that a composition or scheme has been duly accepted and approved shall, in the absence of fraud, be conclusive as to its validity.

(10.) The provisions of a composition or scheme under this section may be enforced by the Court on application by any person interested, and any disobedience of an order of the Court made on the application shall be deemed a contempt of Court.

(11.) If default is made in payment of any instalment due in pursuance of the composition or scheme, or if it appears to the Court, on satisfactory evidence, that the composition or scheme cannot in consequence of legal difficulties, or for any sufficient cause, proceed without injustice or undue delay to the creditors or to the debtor, or that the approval of the Court was obtained by fraud, the Court may, if it thinks fit, on application by any creditor, adjudge the debtor bankrupt, and annul the composition or scheme, but without prejudice to the validity of any sale, disposition, or payment duly made, or thing duly done under or in pursuance of the composition or scheme. Where a debtor is adjudged bankrupt under this sub-section any debt provable in other respects, which has been contracted before the date of the adjudication, shall be provable in the bankruptcy.

(12.) If, under or in pursuance of a composition or scheme, a trustee is appointed to administer the debtor's property or manage his business, Part V. of this Act shall apply to the trustee as if he were a trustee in a bankruptcy, and as if the terms " bankruptcy,"

292

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 4G & 47 Vict.

" bankrupt," and " order of adjudication " included respectively a composition or scheme of arrangement, a compounding or arranging debtor, and order approving the composition or scheme.

(13.). Part III. of this Act shall, so far as the nature of the case and the terms of the composition or scheme admit, apply thereto, the same interpretation being given to the words " trustee,"

" bankruptcy," " bankrupt," and " order of adjudication," as in the last preceding sub-section.

(14.) No composition or scheme shall be approved by the Court which does not provide for the payment in priority to other debts of all debts directed to be so paid in the distribution of the property of a bankrupt.

(15.) The acceptance by a creditor of a composition or scheme shall not release any person who under this Act would not be released by an order of discharge if the debtor had been adjudged bankrupt.

Effect of 19* Notwithstanding the acceptance and approval of a com-

composition or position or scheme, such composition or scheme shall not be binding scheme. on creditor so far as regards a debt or liability from which,

under the provisions ol this Act, the debtor would not be discharged by an order of discharge in bankruptcy, unless the creditor assents to the composition or scheme.'

Adjudicatiort, of Bankruptcy.

Adjudication 20. (1.) Where a receiving order is made against a debtor, then, where*cranp<v *£ the creditors at the first meeting or any adjournment thereof by sition not ordinary resolution resolve that the debtor be adjudged bankrupt,

accepted or or pass no resolution, or if the creditors do not meet, or if a com-

position or scheme is not accepted or approved in pursuance of this Act within fourteen days after the conclusion of the. examination of the debtor or such further time as the Court may allow, the Court shall adjudge the debtor bankrupt; and thereupon the property.of the bankrupt shall become divisible among his . creditors and shall vest in a trustee.

(2.) Notice of every order adjudging a debtor bankrupt, stating the name, address, and description of the bankrupt, tjbe date of the adjudication, and the Court by which the adjudication is made, shall be gazetted and advertised in a local paper in the prescribed manner, and the date of the order shall for the purposes of this Act be the date of the adjudication. oftni6tccUieIlt 21. (1.) Where a debtor is adjudged bankrupt, or. the creditors have resolved that he be adjudged bankrupt, the. creditors may, by ordinary resolution, appoint some fit person, whether a creditor or not, to fill the office of trustee of the property of, the bankrupt; or they may resolve to leave his appointment to the. committee of inspection herein-after mentioned..

(2.) The person so appointed shall give security in manner prescribed to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade, and.the Board, if satisfied with the security, shall certify that his appointment has been duly made, unless they object to the appointment on the ground that it has not been made in good faith by a majority in value of the creditors voting, or that the person appointed is not fit to act as trustee, or that his connexion with or relation to the bankrupt or his estate or any particular creditor makes it difficult for

293

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

him to act with impartiality in the interests of the creditors generally.

(3.) Provided that where the Board make any such objection they shall, if so requested by a majority in value of the creditors, notify the objection to the High Court, and thereupon the High Court may decide on its validity.

(4.) The appointment of a trustee shall take effect as from the date of the certificate.

(5.) The official receiver shall not, save as by this Act provided, be the trustee of the bankrupt's property.

' i (6i) If a trustee is not appointed by the creditors within four weeks from the date of the adjudication, or, in the event of negotiations for a composition or scheme being pending at the expiration of those four weeks, then within seven days from the close of those negotiations by the refusal of the creditors to accept, or of the Court to approve, the composition or scheme, the official receiver shall report the matter to the Board of Trade,'and thereupon the Board of Trade shall appoint some fit person to be trustee of the bankrupt's property, and shall certify the appointment.

- -(7.) Provided that the creditors or the committee of inspection (if so authorised by resolution of the creditors) may, at any subsequent time, if they think fit, appoint a trustee, and on the appointment being made and certified the person appointed shall become trustee in the place of the person appointed by the Board of Trade.

1 (8.) When a debtor is adjudged bankrupt after the first meeting of creditors has been held, and a trustee has not been appointed prior to the adjudication, the official receiver shall forthwith summon a meeting of creditors for the purpose of appointing a trustee.

22. (1.) The creditors, qualified to vote, may at their first or any Committee of subsequent meeting, by resolution, appoint from among the creditors inspection, qualified to vote, or the holders of general proxies or general powers of attorney from such creditors, a committee of inspection for the purpose of superintending the administration of the bankrupt's property by the trustee. The committee of inspection shall consist of not more than five nor less than three persons.

(2.) The committee of inspection shall meet at'such times as they shall from time to time appoint, and failing such appointment, at least once a month; and the trustee or any member of the committee may also call a meeting of the committee as and when he thinks necessary.

. (3.) The committee may act by a majority of their members present at a meeting, but shall not act unless a majority of the committee are present at the meeting.

(4.) Any member of the committee may resign his office by notice in writing signed by him, and delivered to the trustee.

(5.) If a member of the committee becomes bankrupt, or compounds or arranges with his creditors, or is absent from five con- ' secutive meetings of the committee, his 'office shall thereupon become vacant.

(6.) Any member of the committee may be removed by an ordinary resolution at any meeting of creditors of which seven days notice has been given, stating the object of the meeting.

(7.) On a vacancy occurring in the office of a member of the committee, the trustee shall forthwith summon a meeting of creditors for

Ch. 52.

Power to uccept composition or scheme after bankruptcy adjudication.

Duties of debtor as to discovery au realization ol property.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict

the purpose of filling the vacancy, and the meeting may, by resolution, appoint another creditor or other person eligible as above to fill the vacancy.

(8.) The continuing members of the committee, provided there be not less than two such continuing members, may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body; and where the number of members of the committee of inspection is for the time being less than five, the creditors may increase that number so that it do not exceed five.

(9.) If there be no committee of inspection, any act or thing or any direction or permission by this Act authorised or required to be done or given by the committee may be done or given by the Board of Trade on the application of the trustee.

23. (1.) Where a debtor is adjudged bankrupt the creditors may, if they think fit, at any time after the adjudication, by special resolution, resolve to entertain a proposal for a composition in satisfaction of the debts due to them under the bankruptcy, or for a scheme of arrangement of the bankrupt's affairs; and thereupon the same proceedings shall be taken and the same consequences shall ensue as in the case of a composition or scheme accepted before adjudication.

(2.) If the Court approves the composition or scheme it may make an order annulling the bankruptcy and vesting the property of the bankrupt in him or in such other person as the Court may appoint, on such terms, and subject to such conditions, if any, as the Court may declare.

(3.) If default is made in payment of any instalment due in pursuance of the composition or scheme, or if it appears to the Court that the composition or scheme cannot proceed without injustice or undue delay, or that the approval of the court was obtained by fraud, the Court may, if it thinks fit, on application by any person interested, adjudge the debtor bankrupt, and annul the composition or scheme, but without prejudice to the validity of any sale, disposition, or payment duly made, or thing duly done, under or in pursuance of the composition or scheme. Where a debtor is adjudged bankrupt under this sub-section, all debts, provable in other respects, which have been contracted before the date of such adjudication shall be provable in the bankruptcy.

Control over Person and Property of Debtor.

24. (1.) Every debtor against whom a receiving order is made shall, unless prevented by sickness or other sufficient cause, attend the first meeting of his creditors, and shall submit to such examination and give such information as the meeting may require.

(2.) He shall give such inventory of his property, such list of his creditors and debtors, and of the debts due to and from them respectively, submit to such examination in respect of his property or his creditors, attend such other meetings of his creditors, wait at such times on the official receiver, special manager, or trustee, execute such powers of attorney, conveyances, deeds, and instruments, and generally do all such acts and things in relation to his property and the distribution of the proceeds amongst his creditors, as may be reasonably required by the official receiver, special manager, or trustee; or may be prescribed by general rules, or be directed lay the

295

1883. Banb'uptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

Court by any special order or orders made in reference to any particular case, or made on the occasion of any special application by the official receiver, special manager, trustee, or any creditor or person interested.

(3.) He shall, if adjudged bankrupt, aid, to the utmost of his power, in the realisation of his property and the distribution of the proceeds among his creditors.

(4.) If a debtor wilfully fails to perform the duties imposed on him by this section, or to deliver up possession of any part of his property, which is divisible amongst his creditors under this Act, and which is for the time being in his possession or under his control, to the official receiver or to the trustee, or to any person authorised by the Court to take possession of it, he shall, in addition to any other punishment to which he may be subject, be guilty of a contempt of court, and may be punished accordingly.

25. (1.) The Court may, by warrant addressed to any constable ^esrt°^der or prescribed officer of the Court, cause a debtor to be arrested, and certain circum-any books, papers, money, and goods in his possession to be seized, stances, and him and them to be safely kept as prescribed until such time as the Court may order under the following circumstances:

(a.) If after a bankruptcy notice has been issued under this Act, or after presentation of a bankruptcy petition by or against him, it appears to the Court that there is probable reason for believing that he is about to abscond with a view of avoiding payment of the debt in respect of which the bankruptcy notice was issued, or of avoiding service of a bankruptcy fjwfiJ' petition, or of avoiding appearance to any such petition, or of avoiding examination in respect of his affairs, or of otherwise avoiding, delaying, or embarrassing proceedings in bankruptcy against him.

(b:) If, after presentation of a bankruptcy petition by or against him, it appears to the Court that there is probable cause for believing that he is about to remove his goods with a view of preventing or* delaying possession being taken of them by the official receiver or trustee, or that there is probable ground for believing that he has concealed oris about to conceal or destroy any of his goods, or any books, documents, or writings, which might be of use to his creditors in the course of his bankruptcy.

(c.) If, after service of a bankruptcy petition on him, or after a receiving order is made against him, he removes any goods in his possession above the value of five pounds, without the leave of the official receiver or trustee.

(d.) If, without good cause shown, he fails to attend any examination ordered by the Court.

1 Provided that no arrest upon a bankruptcy notice shall be valid and protected unless the debtor before or at the time of his arrest shall be served with such bankruptcy notice.

(2.) No payment or composition made or security given after arrest made under this section shall be exempt from the provisions of this Act relating to fraudulent preferences.

28. Where a receiving order is made against a debtor, the Court, Be-direction of on the application of the official receiver or trustee, may from time debtor s lctters‘

Off. 52.

29u

Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Tier.

to time order that for such time, not exceeding three months, as the Court thinks fit, post letters addressed to the debtor at any place, or places, mentioned in the order for re-direction shall be re-directed, sent or delivered by the Postmaster-General, or the officers acting under him, to the official receiver, or the trustee, or otherwise as the Court directs, and the same shall be done accordingly.

Discovery of 27. (1.) The Court may, on the application of the official receiver property or trustee, at any time after a receiving order has been made against a debtor, summon before it the debtor or his wife, or any person known or suspected to have in his possession any of the estate or effects belonging to the debtor, or supposed to be indebted to the debtor, or any person whom the Court may deem capable of giving information respecting the debtor, his dealings or property, and the Court may require any such person to produce any documents in his custody or power relating to the" debtor, his dealings or property.

(2.) If any person so summoned, after having been tendered a reasonable sum, refuses to come before the Court at the time appointed, or refuses to produce any such document, having no lawful impediment made known to the Court at the time of its sitting and allowed by it, the Court may, by warrant, cause him to be apprehended and brought up for examination.

(3.) The Court may examine on oath, either by word of mouth or by written interrogatories, any person so brought before1 it concerning the debtor, his dealings or property.

(4.) If any person on examination before the Court admits that he is indebted to the debtor, the Court may, on the application of the official receiver or trustee, order him to pay to the receiver or trustee, at such time and in such manner as to the Court seems expedient, the amount admitted, or any part thereof, either in full discharge of the whole amount in question or not, as the Court thinks fit, with or without costs of the examination.

(5.) If any person on examination before the Court admits that he has in his possession any property belonging to the debtor, the Court may, On the application of the official receiver or trustee, order him to deliver to the official receiver or trustee such property, or any part thereof, at such time, and in such manner, and on such terms as to the Court may seem just.

(6.) The. Court may, if it think fit, order that any person who if in England would be liable to be brought before it under this section shall be examined in Scotland or Ireland, or in any other place out of England.

Discharge of Bankrupt.

28. (1.) A bankrupt may, at any time after being adjudged bankrupt, apply to the Court for an order of discharge, and the Court shall appoint a day for hearing the application, but the application shall not be heard until the public examination of the bankrupt is concluded. The application shall be heard in open Court.

(2.) On the hearing of the application the Court shall take into consideration a report of the official receiver as to the bankrupt's

Discharge of bankrupt.

.1883.

\Bankrv/ptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52. 297

conduct and affairs, and may either grant or refuse an absolute order of discharge, or suspend the operation of the order for a specified time, or grant an order of discharge subject to any conditions with respect to any earnings or income which may afterwards become due to the bankrupt, or with respect to his after-acquired property: Provided that the Court shall refuse the discharge in all cases where the bankrupt has committed any misdemeanor under this Act, or Part II. of the Debtors Act, 1869, or any amendment thereof, and shall, on proof of any of the facts herein-after mentioned, either refuse the order, or suspend the operation of the order for a specified time, or grant an order of discharge, subject to such conditions as aforesaid.

(3.) The facts herein-before referred to are —

(a.) That the bankrupt has omitted to keep such books of account as are usual and proper in the business carried on by him and as sufficiently disclose his business transactions and financial position within the three years immediately preceding his bankruptcy:

(b.) That the bankrupt has continued to trade after knowing himself to be insolvent:

. - '(c.) That the bankrupt has contracted any debt provable in the bankruptcy, without having at the time of contracting it any reasonable or probable ground of expectation (proof whereof shall lie on him) of being able to pay it:

: (d.) That the bankrupt has brought on his bankruptcy by rash and hazardous speculations or unjustifiable extravagance in i, living:

| (e.). That the bankrupt has put any of his creditors to unnecessary expense by a frivolous or vexatious defence to any action properly brought against him:$

| (/.) That the bankrupt has within three months preceding the date of the receiving order, when unable to pay his debts as they become due, given an undue preference to any of his creditors:

(g.) That the bankrupt has on any previous occasion been adjudged bankrupt, or made a statutory composition or arrangement with his creditors:

(h.) That the bankrupt has been guilty of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust.

(4.) For the purposes of this section the report of the official receiver shall be prima. facie evidence - of the statements therein contained.

(5.) Notice of the appointment by the Court of the day for hearing the application for discharge shall be published in the prescribed manner and sent fourteen days at least before the. day so appointed to each creditor who has proved, and the Court may hear the official receiver and the trustee, and may also hear any creditor. At the hearing the Court may put such questions to the debtor and receive such evidence as it may think fit.

(6.) The Court may, as one of the conditions referred to in this section, require the bankrupt to consent to judgment being entered against him by the official receiver or trustee for any balance of the debts provable under the bankruptcy which is not satisfied at the

298 Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

date of his discharge; bat in such case execution shall not be issued on the judgment without leave of the Court, which leave may be given on proof that the bankrupt has since his discharge acquired property or income available for payment of his debts.

(7.) A discharged bankrupt shall, notwithstanding his discharge, give such assistance as the trustee may require in the realization and distribution of such of his property as is vested in the trustee, and if he fails to do so he shall be guilty of a contempt of Court; and the Court may also, if it thinks fit, revoke his discharge, but without prejudice to the validity of any sale, disposition, or payment duly made or thing duly done subsequent to the discharge, but before its revocation.

Fu<^1®nt 29. In either of the following cases; that is to say,

(1.) In the case of a settlement made before and in consideration of marriage where the settlor is not at the time of making the settlement able to pay all his debts without the aid of the property comprised in the settlement; or (2.) In the case of any covenant or contract made in consideration of marriage for the future settlement on or for the settlor's wife or children of any money or property wherein he had not at the date of his marriage any estate or interest (not being money or property of or in right of his wife);

If the settlor is adjudged bankrupt or compounds or arranges with his creditors, and it appears to the Court that such settlement, covenant, or contract was made in order to defeat or delay creditors, or was unjustifiable having regard to the state of the settlor's affairs at the time when it was made, the Court may refuse or suspend an order of discharge, or grant an order subject to conditions, or refuse to approve a composition or arrangement, as the case may be, in like manner as in cases where the debtor has been guilty of fraud.

Effect of order 30. (1.) An order of discharge shall not release the bankrupt of discharge. fj.om any debt on a recognizance nor from any debt with which the bankrupt may be chargeable at the suit of the Crown or of any person for any offence against a statute relating to any branch of the public revenue, or at the suit of the sheriff or other public * officer on a bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted for any such offence: and he shall not be discharged from such excepted debts unless the Treasury certify in writing their consent to his being discharged therefrom. An order of discharge shall not release the bankrupt from any debt or liability incurred by means of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which he was a party, nor from any debt or liability whereof he has obtained forbearance by any fraud to which he was a party.

(2.) An order of discharge shall release the bankrupt from all other debts provable in bankruptcy.

(3.) An order of discharge shall be conclusive evidence of the bankruptcy, and of the validity of the proceedings therein, and in any proceedings that may be instituted against a bankrupt who has obtained an order of discharge in respect of any debt from which he is released by the order, the bankrupt may plead that the cause of action occurred before his discharge, and may give this Act and the special matter in evidence.

Ch. 52.

290

Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

(4.) An order of discharge shall not release any person who at the date of the receiving order was a partner or co-trustee with the bankrupt or was jointly bound or had made any joint contract with him, or any person who was surety or in the nature of a surety for him.

31. Where an undischarged bankrupt who has been adjudged Undischarged bankrupt under this Act obtains credit to the extent of twenty obtaining pounds or upwards from any person without informing such person credit to extent that he is an undischarged bankrupt, he shall be guilty of a mis- be demeanor, and may be dealt with and punished as if he had been misdemeanor, guilty of a misdemeanor under the Debtors Act, 1869, and the provisions of that Act shall apply to proceedings under this section.

PART IL Disqualifications of Bankrupt.

32. (1.) Where a debtor is adjudged bankrupt he shall, subject ^ns'of'bank-

to the provisions of this Act, be disqualified for — mpt.

(a.) Sitting or voting in the House of Lords, or on any committee thereof, or being elected as a peer of Scotland or Ireland to sit and vote in the House of Lords;

(b.) Being elected to, or sitting or voting in, the House of Commons, or on any committee thereof;

(c.y Being appointed or acting as a justice of the peace;

(d.) Being elected to or holding or exercising the office of mayor, alderman, or councillor;

(e.) I Being elected to or holding or exercising the office of guardian of the poor, overseer of the poor, member of a sanitary authority, or member of a school board, highway board, burial board, or select vestry.

(2.) The disqualifications to which a bankrupt is subject under this section shall be removed and cease if and when, —

(a.) the adjudication of bankruptcy against him is annulled ' or (6.) he obtains from the Court his discharge with a certificate to the effect that his bankruptcy was caused by misfortune without any misconduct on his part.

The Court may grant or withhold such certificate as it thinks fit, but any refusal of such certificate shall be subject to appeal.

(3.) The disqualifications imposed by this section shall extend to all parts of the United Kingdom.

33. (1.) If a member of the House of Commons is adjudged Vacating of bankrupt, and the disqualifications arising therefrom under this ofa Commons.e Act are not removed within six months from the date of the order,

the Court shall, immediately after the expiration of that time, certify the same to the Speaker of the House of Commons, and thereupon the seat of the member shall be vacant.

(2.) Where the seat of a member so becomes vacant, the Speaker, during a recess of the House, whether by prorogation or by adjournment, shall forthwith, after receiving the certificate, cause notice thereof to be published in the London Gazette; and after the expiration of six days after the publication shall (unless the House has met before that day, or will meet on the day of the issue), issue _ his warrant to the clerk of the Crown to make out a new writ for electing another member in the room of the member whose seat has so become vacant.

300

Ch. 5S

Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

46 & 47 Vict.

Vacating of municipal and other offices.

Power for coart to annul adjudication in certain cases

Meaning of payment of debts in full.

(3.) The powers of the Act of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, chapter twenty-six, " to repeal so much " of two Acts made in the tenth and fifteenth years of the reign of | His present Majesty as authorises the Speaker of the House of " Commons to issue his warrant to the clerk of the Crown for making " out writs for the election of members to serve in Parliament in the manner therein mentioned; and for substituting other provisions for the like purposes," so far as those powers enable the Speaker to nominate and appoint other persons, being members of the House of Commons, to issue warrants for the making out of new writs during the vacancy of the office of Speaker or during his absence out of the realm, shall' extend to enable him to make the like nomination and appointment for issuing warrants, under the like circumstances and conditions, for the election of a member in the room of any member whose seat becomes vacant under this Act.

34. If a person is adjudged bankrupt whilst holding the office of mayor, alderman, councillor, guardian, overseer, or member of a sanitary authority, school board, highway board, burial board, or select vestry, his office shall thereupon become vacant.

35. (1.) Where in the opinion of the Court a debtor ought not to have been adjudged bankrupt, or where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Court that the debts of the bankrupt are paid in full, the Court may, on the application of any person interested, by order, annul the adjudication.

(2.) Where an adjudication is annulled under this section all sales and dispositions of property and payments duly made, and all acts theretofore done, by the official receiver, trustee, or other person acting under their authority, or by the Court, shall be valid, but the property of the debtor who was adjudged bankrupt shall vest in such person as the Court may appoint, or in default of any such appointment revert to the debtor for all his estate or interest therein on such terms and subject to such conditions, if any, as the Court may declare by order.

(3.) Notice of the order annulling an adjudication shall be forthwith gazetted and published in a local paper.

36. For the purposes of this Part of this Act, any debt disputed by a debtor shall be considered as paid in full, if the debtor enters into a bond, in such sum and with such sureties as the Court approves, to pay the amount to be recovered in any proceeding for the recovery of or concerning the debt, with costs, and any debt due to a creditor who cannot be found or cannot be identified shall be considered as paid in full if paid into Court.

PART III.

Administration of Property.

Proof of Debts.

drtTs ^rovabie Demands in the nature of unliquidated damages arising

in bankruptcy, otherwise than by reason of a contract, promise, or breach of trust, shall not be provable in bankruptcy.

(2.) A person having notice of any act of bankruptcy available against the debtor shall not prove under the order for any debt or

301

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

liability contracted by the debtor subsequently to the date of his so having notice. - .

(3.) Save as aforesaid, all debts and liabilities, present or future, certain or contingent, to which the debtor is subject at the date of the receiving order, or to which he may become subject before his discharge by reason of any obligation incurred before the date of the receiving order, shall be deemed to be debts provable in bankruptcy.

(4.) An estimate shall be made by the trustee of the value of any debt or liability provable as aforesaid, which by reason of its being subject to any contingency or contingencies, or for any other reason, does not bear a certain value.

(5.) Any person aggrieved by any estimate made by the trustee as aforesaid may appeal to the Court.

(6.) If, in the opinion of the Court, the value of the debt or liability is incapable of being fairly estimated, the Court may make an order to that effect, and thereupon the debt or liability shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be a debt not provable in bankruptcy.

(7.) If, in the opinion of the Court, the value of the debt or liability is capable of being fairly estimated, the Court may direct the value to be assessed, before the Court itself without the intervention of a jury, and may give all necessary directions for this purpose, and the .amount of the value when assessed shall be deemed to be a debt provable in bankruptcy.

(8.);" Liability " shall for the purposes of this Act include any compensation for work or labour done, any obligation or possibility of an obligation to pay money or money's worth on the breach of any express or implied covenant, contract, agreement, or undertaking, whether the breach does or does not occur, or is or is not likely to occur or capable of occurring before the discharge of the debtor, and generally it shall include any express or implied engagement, agreement, or undertaking, to pay, or capable of resulting in the payment of money, or money's worth, whether the payment is, as respects amount fixed or unliquidated; as respects time, present or future, certain or dependent on any one contingency or on two or more contingencies; as to mode of valuation, capable of being ascertained by fixed rules,-or as matter of opinion.

38. Where there have been mutual credits, mutual debts, or Mutual credit other mutual dealings between a debtor against whom a receiving aml set'off-order shall be made under this Act, and any other person proving

or claiming to prove a debt under such receiving order, an account shall be taken of what is due from the one party to the other in respect of such mutual dealings, and the sum due from the one party shall be set off against any sum due from the other party, and the balance of the account, and no more, shall be claimed or paid on either side respectively; but a person shall not be entitled under this section to claim the benefit of any set-off against the property of a debtor in any case where he had at the time of giving credit to the debtor, notice of an act of bankruptcy committed by the debtor, and available against him.

39. With respect to the mode of proving debts, the right of proof Rules as to by secured and other creditors, the admission and injection of proofs, Proof of dellts-

302

Ch. 52.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vier.

and the other matters referred to in the Second Schedule, the rules in that schedule shall he observed, priority of 40. (1.) In the distribution of the property of a bankrupt there _ debts. shall be paid in priority to all other debts, —

(a.) All parochial or other local rates due from the bankrupt at the date of the receiving order, and having become due and payable within twelve months next before such time, and all assessed taxes, land tax, property or income tax, assessed on him up to the fifth day of April next before the date of the receiving order, and not exceeding in the whole one year's assessment;

(b.) All wages or salary of aDy clerk or servant in respect of services rendered to the bankrupt during four months before the date of the receiving order, not exceeding fifty pounds; and 4

(c.) All wages of any labourer or workman, not exceeding fifty pounds, whether payable for time or piece-work, in respect of services rendered to the bankrupt during four months before the date of the receiving order,

(2.) The foregoing debts shall rank equally between themselves, and shall be paid in full, unless the property of the bankrupt is insufficient to meet them, in which case they shall abate in equal proportions between themselves.

(3.) In the case of partners the joint estate shall be applicable in the first instance in payment of their joint debts, and the separate estate of each partner shall be applicable in the first instance in payment of his separate debts. If there is a surplus of the separate estates it shall be dealt with as part of the joint estate. If there is a surplus of the joint estate it shall be dealt with as part of the respective separate estates in proportion to the right and interest of each partner in the joint estate.

(4.) Subject to the provisions of this Act all debts proved in the bankruptcy shall be paid pari passu.

(5.) If there is any surplus after payment of the foregoing debts, it shall be applied in payment of interest from the date of the receiving order at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum on all debts proved in the bankruptcy.

(6.) Nothing in this section shall alter the effect of section five of the Act twenty-eight and twenty-nine Victoria, chapter eighty-six,

" to amend the Law of Partnership," or shall prejudice the provisions 38 & 30 Vict of the Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

«-60- 41. (1.) Where at the time of the presentation of the bankruptcy

Preferential petition any person is apprenticed or is an articled clerk to the

claim in case of bankrupt, the adjudication of bankruptcy shall, if either the bank-

aDDrcnticesniD a '

vv ' rupt or apprentice or clerk gives notice in writing to the trustee to

that effect, be a complete discharge of the indenture of apprenticeship or articles of agreement; and if any money has been paid by or on behalf of the apprentice or clerk to the bankrupt as a fee, the trustee may, on the application of the apprentice or clerk or of some person on his behalf, pay such sum as the trustee, subject to an appeal to the Court, thinks reasonable, out of the bankrupt's property, to or for the use of the apprentice or clerk, regard being had to the amount paid by him or on his behalf, and to the time

1883.

303

Bcmkrwptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.1

during which he served with the bankrupt under the indenture or articles before the commencement of the bankruptcy, and to the other circumstances of the case.

(2.) Where it appears expedient to a trustee, he may, on the application of any apprentice or articled clerk to the bankrupt, or any person acting on behalf of such apprentice or articled clerk,' instead of acting under the preceding provisions of this section, transfer the indenture of apprenticeship or articles of agreement to some other person.

42. (1.) The landlord or other person to whom any rent is due Power to land- from the bankrupt may at any time, either before or after the com- ^dr‘°tdistrain mencement of the bankruptcy, distrain upon the goods or effects of

the bankrupt for the rent due to him from the bankrupt, with this limitation, that if such distress for rent be levied after the commencement of the bankruptcy it shall be available only for one year's rent accrued due prior to the date of the order of adjudication, but the landlord or other person to whom the rent may be due from the bankrupt may prove under the bankruptcy for the surplus due for which the distress may not have been available.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the term " order of adjudication " shall be deemed to include an order for the administrat ion of the estate of a debtor whose debts do not exceed fifty pounds, or of a deceased person who dies insolvent.

Property available for Payment of Debts.

43. The bankruptcy of a debtor, whether the same takes place Relation back

on the debtor's own petition or upon that of a creditor or creditors, s

shall be deemed to have relation back to, and to commence at,

the time of the act of bankruptcy being committed on which a receiving order is made against him, or, if the bankrupt is proved to have committed more acts of bankruptcy than one, to have relation back to, and to commence at, the time of the first of the acts of bankruptcy proved to have been committed by the bankrupt within three months next preceding the date of the presentation of the bankruptcy petition; but no bankruptcy petition, receiving order, or adjudication shall be rendered invalid by reason of any act of bankruptcy anterior to the debt of the petitioning creditor.

44. The property of the bankrupt divisible amongst his creditors, Description of

and in this Act referred to as the property of the bankrupt, shall bankruPt's not comprise the following particulars: divisible

(1.) Property held by the bankrupt on trust for any other person: amongst (2.) The tools (if any) of his trade and the necessary wearing creditors-apparel and bedding of himself, his wife and children, to a value, inclusive of tools and apparel and bedding, not exceeding twenty pounds in the whole:$

But it shall comprise the following particulars:

(i.) All such property as may belong to or be vested in the bankrupt at the commencement of the bankruptcy, or may be acquired by or devolve on him before his discharge; and,

(ii.) The capacity to exercise and to take proceedings for exercising all such powers in or over or in respect of property as might have been exercised by the bankrupt for his own benefit at the commencement of his bankruptcy or before his discharge.

304

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 4G & 47 Vict.

except the right of nomination to a vacant ecclesiastical benefice; and,

(iii.) All goods being, at the commencement of the bankruptcy, in the possession, order, or disposition of the bankrupt, in his trade or business, by the consent and permission of the true owner, under such circumstances that he is the reputed owner thereof; provided that things in action other than debts due or growing due to the bankrupt in the course of his trade or business, shall not be deemed goods within the meaning of this section.

Restriction of rights of creditor under execution or attachment.

Duties of sheriff as to goods taken in execution.

Avoidance of

voluntary

settlements.

Effect of Bankruptcy on antecedent Transactions.

45. (1.) Where a creditor has issued execution against the goods or lands of a debtor, or has attached any debt due to him, he shall not be entitled to retain the benefit of the execution or attachment against the trustee in bankruptcy of the debtor, unless he has completed the execution or attachment before the date of the receiving order, and before notice of the presentation of any bankruptcy petition by or against the debtor, or of the commission of any available act of bankruptcy by the debtor.

(2.) For the purposes of this Act, an execution against goods is completed by seizure and sale; an attachment of a debt is completed by receipt of the debt; and an execution against land is completed by seizure, or, in the case of an equitable interest, by the appointment of a receiver.

46. (1.) Where the goods of a debtor are taken in execution, and before the sale thereof notice is served on the sheriff that a receiving order has been made against the debtor, the sheriff shall, on request, deliver the goods to the official receiver, or trustee under the order, but the costs of the execution shall be a charge on the goods so delivered, and the official receiver or trustee may sell the goods or an adequate part thereof for the purpose of satisfying the charge.

(2.) Where the goods of a debtor are sold under an execution in respect of a judgment for a sum exceeding twenty pounds, the sheriff shall deduct the costs of the execution from the proceeds of sale, and retain the balance for fourteen days, and if within that time notice is served on him of a bankruptcy petition having been presented against or by the debtor, and the debtor is adjudged bankrupt thereon or on any other petition of which the sheriff has notice, the sheriff shall pay the balance to the trustee in the bankruptcy, who shall be entitled to retain the same as against the execution creditor, but otherwise he shall deal with it as if no notice of the preseiitation of a bankruptcy petition had been served on him.

(3.) An execution levied by seizure and sale on the goods of a debtor is not invalid by reason only of its being an act of bankruptcy, and a person who purchases the goods in good faith under a sale by the sheriff shall in all cases acquire a good title to them against the trustee in bankruptcy.

47. (1.) Any settlement of property not being a settlement made before and in consideration of marriage, or made in favour of a purchaser or incumbrancer in good faith and for valuable consideration, or a settlement made on or for the wife or children

1883.

Cf. 52.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

30

of the settlor of property which has accrued to the settlor after marriage in right of his wife, shall, if the settlor becomes bankrupt within two years after the date of the settlement, be void against the trustee in the bankruptcy, and shall, if the settlor becomes bankrupt at any subsequent time within ten years after the date of the settlement, be void against the trustee in the bankruptcy, unless the parties claiming under the settlement can prove that the settlor was at the time of making the settlement able to pay all his debts without the aid of the property comprised in the settlement, and that the interest of the settlor in such property had passed to the trustee of such settlement on the execution thereof.

(2.) Any covenant or contract made in consideration of marriage, for the future settlement on or for the settlor's wife or children of any money or property wherein he had not at the date of his marriage any estate or interest, whether vested or contingent in possession or remainder, and not being money or property of or in right of his wife, shall, on his becoming bankrupt before the property or money has been actually transferred or paid pursuant to the contract or covenant, be void against the trustee in the bankruptcy.

(3.) " Settlement " shall for the purposes of this section include any conveyance or transfer of property.

48. (1.) Every conveyance or transfer of property, or charge Avoidance of thereon made, every payment made, every obligation incurred, and certainD<£we«n every judicial proceeding taken or suffered by any person unable to

pay his debts as they become due from his own money in favour of any creditor, or any person in trust for any creditor, with a view of giving such creditor a preference over the other creditors shall, if the person making, taking, paying, or suffering the, same is adjudged bankrupt on a bankruptcy petition presented within three months after the date of making, taking, paying, or suffering the same, be deemed fraudulent and void as against the trustee in the bankruptcy.

(2.) This section shall not affect the rights of any person making title in good faith and for valuable consideration through or under a creditor of the bankrupt.

49. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Act with respect

to the effect of bankruptcy on an execution or attachment, and with transactions respect to the avoidance of certain settlements and preferences, without nothing in this Act shall invalidate, in the case of a bankruptcy — notice.

(a.) Any payment by the bankrupt to any of his creditors,

(b.) Any payment or delivery to the bankrupt,

(c.) Any conveyance or assignment by the bankrupt for valuable consideration,

(d.) Any contract, dealing, or transaction by or with the bankrupt for valuable consideration,

Provided that both the following conditions are complied with, namely —

(1.) The payment, delivery, conveyance, assignment, contract, dealing, or transaction, as the case may be, takes place before the date of the receiving order; and (2.) The person (other than the debtor) to, by, or with whom the payment, delivery, conveyance, assignment, contract, dealing, or transaction was made, executed, or entered into, has not at the

time of the payment, delivery, conveyance, assignment, contract, dealing, or transaction, notice of any available act of bankruptcy committed by the bankrupt before that time.

Realisation of Property.

Possession of 50. (L) The trustee shall, as soon as may be, take possession of property by the deeds, books, and documents of the bankrupt, and all other parts of his property capable of manual delivery.

(2.) The trustee shall, in relation to and for the purpose of acquiring or retaining possession of the property of the bankrupt, be in the same position as if he were a receiver of the property appointed by the High Court, and the Court may on his application, enforce such acquisition or retention accordingly.

(3.) Where any part of the property of the bankrupt consists of stock, shares in ships, shares, or any other property transferable in the books of any company, office, or person, the trustee may exercise, the. light to transfer the property to the same extent as the bankrupt might have exercised it if he had not become bankrupt.

(4.) Where any part of the property of the bankrupt is of copy-hold or customary tenure, or is any like property passing by surrender and admittance or in any similar manner, the trustee shall not be compellable to be admitted to the property, but may deal with it in the same manner as if it had been capable of being and had been duly surrendered or otherwise conveyed to such uses, as the trustee may appoint; and any appointee of the trustee shall be admitted to or otherwise invested with the property accordingly.

(5.) Where any part of the property of the bankrupt consists of things in action, such things shall be deemed to have been duly assigned to the trustee.

(6.) Any treasurer or other officer, dr any banker, attorney, or agent of a bankrupt, shall pay and deliver to the trustee all money and securities in his possession or power, as such officer, banker, attorney, or agent, which he is not by law entitled to retain as against the bankrupt or the trustee. If he does not he shall be guilty of a contempt of Court, and may be punished accordingly on the application of the trustee.

51. Any person acting under warrant of the Court may seize any bankrupt.0 part of the property of a bankrupt in the custody or possession of the bankrupt, or of any other person, and with a view to such seizure may break open any house, building, or room of the bankrupt where the bankrupt is supposed to be, or any building or receptacle of the bankrupt where any of his property is supposed to be | and where the Court is satisfied that there is reason to believe that property of the bankrupt is concealed in a house or place not belonging to him, the Court may, if it thinks fit, grant a search warrant to any constable or officer of the Court, who may execute it according to its tenor.

Sequestration 52. (1.) Where | bankrupt is a beneficed clergyman, the trustee bcnefiee'aHtlCal may apply for a sequestration of the profits of the benefice, and the certificate of the appointment of the trustee shall be sufficient authority for the granting of sequestration without any writ or other proceeding, and the same shall accordingly be issued as on a writ of levari facias founded on a judgment against the bankrupt,

307

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 5?.I

and shall have priority over any other sequestration issued after the commencement of the bankruptcy in respect of a debt provable in the bankruptcy, except a sequestration issued before the date of the receiving order by or on behalf of a person who at the time of the issue thereof had not notice of an act of bankruptcy committed by the bankrupt, and available for grounding a receiving order against him.

(2.) The bishop of the diocese in which the benefice is situate may, if he thinks fit, appoint to the bankrupt such or the like stipend as he might by law have appointed to a curate duly licensed to serve the benefice in case the bankrupt had been non-resident, and the sequestrator shall pay the sum so appointed out of the profits of the benefice to the bankrupt, by quarterly instalments while he performs the duties of the benefice.

(3.) The sequestrator shall also pay out of the profits of the benefice the salary payable to any duly licensed curate of the church of the benefice in respect of duties performed by him as such during four months before the date of the receiving order not exceeding fifty pounds.

(4) Nothing in this section shall prejudice the operation of the 3 & 35 Vict. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871, or the Sequestration Act, 1871, 34 &g5 y;ct or any mortgage or charge duly created under any Act of Parliament c. 45. before the commencement of the bankruptcy on the profits of the' benefice.

53. (1.) Where a bankrupt is an officer of the army or navy, or Appropriation an officer or clerk or otherwise emploj'ed or engaged in the civil

service of the Crown, the trustee shall receive for distribution creators, amongst the creditors so much of the bankrupt's pay or salary as, the Court, on the application of the trustee, with the consent of the chief officer of the department under which the pay or salary is enjoyed, may direct. Before making any order under this subsection the Court shall communicate with the chief officer of the department as to the amount, time, and manner of the payment to the trustee, and shall obtain the written consent of the chief officer to the terms of such payment.

(2.) Where a bankrupt is in the receipt of a salary or income other than as aforesaid, or is entitled to any half pay, or pension, or to any compensation granted by the Treasury, the Court, on the application of the trustee, shall from time to time make such order as it thinks just for the payment of the salary, income, half pay, pension, or compensation, or of any part thereof, to the trustee to-be applied by him in such manner as the Court may direct.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall take away or abridge any power of the chief officer of any public department to dismiss a bankrupt, or to declare the pension, half pay, or compensation of any bankrupt to be forfeited.

54. (1.) Until a trustee is appointed the official receiver shall be Vesting and the trustee for the purposes of this Act, and immediately on a debtor transfer of being adjudged bankrupt, the property of the bankrupt shall vest proper ' in the trustee.

(2.) On the appointment of a trustee the property shall forthwith pass to and vest in the trustee appointed.

CH. 52'. Bankruptcy Ad, 1883.' 46 & 47 VlCft

(3.) The property of the bankrupt shall pass'from trustee to trustee, including under that term the official receiver.when he fills the office of trustee, and shall vest in the trustee for the time being during his continuance in office, without any conveyance, assignment, or transfer whatever.

(4.) The certificate of appointment of a trustee shall, for all purposes of any law in force in any part of the British dominions requiring registration, enrolment, or recording of conveyances or assignments of property, be deemed to he a conveyance or assignment of property, and may be registered, enrolled, and recorded accordingly. ,-

55. (1.) Where any part of the, property of the bankrupt consists of land of any tenure burdened with onerous covenants, of shares or stock in companies, of unprofitable contracts, or of any other property that is. unsaleable, or not readily saleable, by reason o,f .its binding the possessor thereof.to the performance of any onerous act, or to the payment of any sum of money, the trustee, notwithstanding that he has endeavoured to sell or has taken possession of the property, or -exercised any act of ownership in relation thereto, jbut subject, to thq provisions of this section, may, by writing sigpefi by him, at any time within threei ippnths, after the first appoinfment.Qf a trustee, disclaim the property.

Provided that; where any,such property ,shall not have come to thp knowledge of the trusfep withm1 one, month after jmch japppintr ment, he. may/,disolaim such property at any. time within two months .after he first , became aware thereof.

(2.) The disclaimer shall operate to determine, as from the date of disclaimer, the rights, interests, and liabilities of the bankrupt and his property in or in respect of the property disclaimed, and shall also discharge the. trustee from all personal liability in respeef of the property disclaimed as from,the date when the property vested ip him, but shall not, except so far as is necessary for the purpose.;gf releasing the bankrupt and his. property and the trustee from liability; iatfect the rights , or liabilities, of-pny other person.

(3.) A trustee shall not be entitled to disclaim a lease without the leave of the Court, except in any cases which may be prescribed by general rules, and the'Court may, before or on granting such leave, require such notices, to be; given to ^persons interested, and impose such terms as a condition of granting leave., and make such orders with respect-to fixtures, tenant's improvements, and ftojher matters arising out Of the tenancy as the/CcUrt thinks just. c . . (4.) The trustee ( shall not,be .entitled to disclaim any . property in pursuance of this section in any casp where am application in writing has been made, to the trustee by ,any person iriteressted in the property requiring him to decide whether He will, disclaim or not, and the trustee has for'a period of twenty-eight days after the receipt of the 'application, or such extended period as may he allowed by the''Court, declined or neglected to give riotide whether he disclaims the'property Or not; and, ifi rthe calse'of a contract, if the trustee, after such application as aforesaid, does riot within the said period or extended period disclaim the contract, he shall he deemed to have adopted it.

1883.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52. 309

,;i (5.) The court may, on the application of any person who is, as against the trustee, entitled to the benefit or subject to the burden of a contract made with the bankrupt, make an order rescinding the contract on such terms as to payment by or to either party of damages for the non-performance of the contract, or otherwise, as to ..the Court may seem equitable, and any damages payable under the, order to any such person may be proved by him as a debt under the .bankruptcy.

r (6.) The Court may, on application by any person either claiming any interest in any disclaimed property, or under any liability not discharged by this Act in respect of any disclaimed property, and on hearing such persons as it thinks fit, make an order for. the vesting of the property in or delivery thereof to any person entitled thereto, or to whom it may seem just that the same should be delivered by way of compensation for such liability as aforesaidj or a trustee for him, and on such terms as the Court thinks just; and on any such vesting order being made, the property comprised therein‘ shall vest accordingly in the person therein named in that behalf without any conveyance or assignment for the purpose.

Provided always, that where the property disclaimed is of a leasehold nature, the court shall not make a vesting order in favour of any person claiming under the bankrupt, whether as under-lessee or as mortgagee by demise except upon the terms of making such person subject to the same liabilities and obligations as the bankrupt-was subject to under the lease in respect of the property at the date when the bankruptcy petition was filed, and any mortgagee or under-lessee declining to accept a vesting order upon such terms shall be excluded from all interest in and security upon the property, and if there shall be no person claiming under the bankrupt who is willing to accept an order upon such terms, the court shall have power to vest the bankrupt's estate and interest in the property in any person liable either personally or in a representative Character, and either alone or jointly with the bankrupt to perform the lessee's covenants in such lease, freed and discharged from all estates, incumbrances, and interests created therein by the bankrupt.

(7.) Any person injured by the operation of a disclaimer under this section shall be deemed to be a creditor of the bankrupt to the extent of the injury, and may accordingly prove the same as a debt under the bankruptcy.

56. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the trustee may do all Powers of

or any of the following things

(1.) Sell all or any part of the property of the bankrupt (including the goodwill of the business, if any, and the book debts due or growing due to the bankrupt), by public auction or private contract, with power to transfer the whole thereof to any person or company, or to sell the same in parcels.

(2.) Give receipts for any money received by him, which receipts shall effectually discharge the person paying the money from all responsibility in respect of the application thereof:

(3.) Prove, rank, claim, and draw a dividend in respect of any debt due to the bankrupt

trustee to deal with property.

310

(4.) Exercise any powers the capacity to exercise which is vested in the trustee under this Act, and execute any powers of attorney, deeds, and other instruments for the purpose of carrying into effect the provisions of this Act:

(5.) Deal with any property to which the bankrupt is beneficially entitled as tenant in tail in the same manner as the bankrupt might have dealt with it; and sections fifty-six to seventy-three (both inclusive) of the Act of the session of the third and fourth years of the reign of King William the Fourth (chapter seventy-four), " for the abolition of fines and recoveries, and for the " substitution of more simple modes of assurance," shall extend and apply to proceedings under this Act, as if those sections were here re-enacted and made applicable in terms to those proceedings.

Powers exer- 57. The trustee may, with the permission of the committee of towtee inspection, do all or any of the following things:

permission of (1.) Carry on the business of the bankrupt, so far as may be

committee of necessary for the beneficial winding up of the same:

(2.) Bring, institute, or defend any action or other legal proceeding relating to the property of the bankrupt:

(3.) Employ a solicitor or other agent to take any proceedings or do any business which may be sanctioned by the committee of inspection:

(4.) Accept as the consideration for the sale of any property of the bankrupt a sum of money payable at a future time subject to such stipulations as to security and otherwise as the committee think fit:

(5.) Mortgage or pledge any part of the property of the bankrupt for the purpose of raising money for the payment of his debts: (6.) Refer any dispute to arbitration, compromise all debts, claims, and liabilities, whether present or future, certain or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, subsisting or supposed to subsist between the bankrupt and any person who may have incurred any liability to the bankrupt, on the receipt of such sums, payable at such times, and generally on such terms as may be agreed on:

(7.) Make such compromise or other arrangement as may1 be thought expedient with creditors, or persons claiming to be creditors, in respect of any debts provable under the bankruptcy:$

(8.) Make such compromise or other arrangement as may be thought expedient with respect to any claim arising out of or incidental to the property of the bankrupt, made or capable of being made on the trustee by any person or by the trustee on any person:

(9.) Divide in its existing form amongst the creditors, according to its estimated value, any property which from its peculiar nature or other special circumstances cannot be readily or advantageously sold.

The permission given for the purposes of this section shall not be a general permission to do all or any of the above-mentioned things, but shall only be a permission to do the particular thing or things for which permission is sought in the specified case or cases.

1883.

Bankruptcy Act, 1383.

Ch. 52.

311

Distribution of Property.

58. (1.) Subject to the retention of such sums as may be necessary for the costs of administration, or otherwise, the trustee shall, tjon of with all convenient speed, declare and distribute dividends amongst dividends, the creditors who have proved their debts.

(2.) The first dividend, if any, shall be declared and distributed within four' months after the conclusion of the first meeting of creditors, unless the trustee satisfies the committee of inspection that there is sufficient reason for postponing the declaration to a later date.

(3.) Subsequent dividends shall, in the absence of sufficient reason to the contrary, be declared and distributed at intervals of not more than six months.

(1.) Before declaring a dividend the trustee shall cause notice of his intention to do so to be gazetted in the prescribed manner, and shall also send reasonable notice thereof to each creditor mentioned in the bankrupt's statement who has not proved his debt.

(5.) When the trustee has declared a dividend he shall send to each creditor who has proved a notice showing the amount of the dividend and when and how it is payable, and a statement in the prescribed form as to the particulars of the estate.

59. (1.) Where one partner of a firm is adjudged bankrupt, a Joint and sepa-creditor to whom the bankrupt is indebted jointly with the other rate dmdends* partners of the firm, or any of them, shall not receive any dividend

out of the separate property of the bankrupt until all the separate creditors have received the full amount of their respective debts.

(2.) Where joint and separate properties are being administered, dividends of the joint and separate properties shall, subject to any order to the contrary that may be made by the Court on the application of any person interested, be declared together; and the expenses of and incident to such dividends shall be fairly apportioned by the trustee between the joint and separate properties, regard being had to the work done for and the benefit received by each property.

60. In the calculation and distribution of a dividend the trustee Provision for shall make provision for debts provable in bankruptcy appearing resid'fo^at a from the bankrupt's statements, or otherwise, to be due to persons distance, &e. -resident in places so distant from the place where the trustee is

acting that in the ordinary course of communication they have not had sufficient time to tender their proofs, or to establish them if disputed, and also for debts provable in bankruptcy, the subject of claims not yet determined. He shall also make provision for any disputed proofs or claims, and for the expenses necessary for the administration of the estate or otherwise, and, subject to the foregoing provisions, he shall distribute as dividend all money in hand.

61. Any creditor who has not proved his debt before the Eight of declaration of any dividend or dividends shall be entitled to be

paid out of any money for the time being in the hands of the <jcbt before trustee any dividend or dividends he may have failed to receive declaration of before that money is applied to the payment of any future dividend a dmden or dividends, but he shall not be entitled to disturb the distribution

312

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

of any dividend declared before his debt was proved by reason that he has not participated therein.

Final dividend. 62. When the trustee has realised all the property of the bank: rupt, or so much thereof as can, in the joint opinion of himself and of the committee of inspection, be realised without needlessly protracting the trusteeship, he shall declare a final dividend; but before so doing he shall give notice in manner prescribed to the persons whose claims to be creditors have been notified to him, but not established to his satisfaction, that if they do not establish their claims to the satisfaction of the Court within a time limited by the notice, he will proceed to make a final dividend, without regard to their claims. After the expiration of the time so limited!, or, if the Court on application by any such claimant grant him further time for establishing his claim, then on the expiration of such further time, the property of the bankrupt shall be divided among the creditors who have proved their debts, without regard to the claims of any other persons.

No action for 63. No action for a dividend shall lie against the trustee; but if the trustee refuses to pay any dividend the Court may, if it thinks fit, order him to pay it, and also to pay out of his‘ own iftfhey

interests thereon for the time1 that it is withheld, and the costs of

the application.

Power to allow 64. (1.) - The trustee, with the permission of the- bommittefej of bankrupt to inspection, may appoint the bankrupt himself to superintend the

property. management of the property of the bankrupt or of any part thereof,

or to carry on* the trade-(if any) of the bankrupt for the benefit of his - creditors^ and in any other respect to aid in administering-the property such manner and on such terms as the trustee may directi. leviaoei Leioffio iqqm

Allowance to (2.). The trustee mayfroih time- to-time, with the permissionictf bankrupt for the committee of inspection, make'such allowance as he may . think j*®Dance or just to the bankrupt out of his property for the support of the bankrupt and his family, or in consideration of his services if he fe engaged in winding Up his estate, but any such allowance may be reduced by the Court.

Eight of bankr 65. The bankrupt Shall be entitled to any surplus remaining nipt to surplus, after payment in full of his creditors, with interest, as by this Adt provided; and of the costs, charges, and-expenses of the proceedings under the bankruptcy-petition:-nbn 1

Mg Jj t

, j Official Receimkbs and Staff of Roaed of; Trade.;. Appointment 66. (1.) The Board of Trade may, at any time after the passing by Board of of this Act, and from time to time, -appoint such persons* as they official re- think fit to be official receivers of debtors' estates*, and may remove

ccivers of any person so appointed from such office. *:- The official receivers of

debtors'estates, debtors'-estates shall act under the general authority and directions of the Board of Trade, but shall also be officers of the courts to which they are respectively attached.

(2.) The number of official receivers so to be appointed, and the districts to be assigned to them, shall be fixed by the Board of Trade, with the concurrence of the Treasury. One* person only shall be appointed for each district unless the Board of Trade, with

1883.

Ch. 52.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

313

the concurrence of the Treasury, shall otherwise direct; but the same person may, with the like concurrence, be appointed to act for more than one district.

(3.) Where more than one official receiver is attached to the Court, such one of them as is for the time being appointed by the Court for any particular estate shall be the official receiver for the purposes of that estate. The Court shall distribute the receiverships of the particular estates among the official receivers in the prescribed manner.

67.. (1.) The Board of Trade may from time to time, by order f"r direct that any of its officers mentioned in the order shall be receiver, capable of discharging the duties of any official receiver during any temporary vacancy in the office, or during the temporary absence of any official receiver through illness or otherwise.

(2.), The Board of Trade may, on the application of an official receiver, at any time by order nominate some fit person to be his deputy, and to act for him for such time not exceeding two months as the order may fix, and under such conditions as toi remuneration and otherwise;as may be prescribed.' < afi

68. (1.) The duties of the official receiver shall have relation Status of both to the conduct of the debtor and to the administration of his offic!al

- .. " receiver.

estate.

; (2.) An official receiver may, for the purpose of affidavits verifying proofs, petitions, or other proceedings under this Act, administer!'oaths. (us:

' (3.) All expressions referring to the trustee under a bankruptcy shall, unless the context otherwise requires, or the Act otherwise provides, include the official receiver when acting as trustee.

(4.)- The trustee shall supply the official receiver with such information, and give-him such access to, and facilities for inspecting the bankrupt's , books and documents and generally shall give him such aid, as may be .requisite , for enabling the official receiver to perform his duties, under this Act.

69. As regards the debtor, it shall be the duty of the official Duties of

receiver___ i-moO efi} yd bssuhsr official receiver

,; (1.) To investigate the conduct of the debtor and to report £d»the th/debtor'#; Court, stating whether there is reason to believer that the debtor conduct.

has committed any aet'which .constitutes a misdemeanor under the Debtors Act, 1869, or any amendment thereof, or under this Act, or which would justify the Court in refusing, suspending or qualifying an order for his discharge.

(2.) To make such other reports concerning the conduct (f the debtor as the Board of Trade may direct'. 1 i :;, >M

(3.): Toj take Such part, as may be directed| by- the Board of Trade in the public examination of the debtor.

(4.) To take such part, and give such assistance, in relation to the prosecution of any fraudulent debtor as the Board of Trade may direct. , y | ,

70. (1.) As regards the estate of a debtor it shall be the duty of Duties of

, i xc - l , J , official receiver

the official receiver-^- ! as to debtor's

(a,) Pending the appointment of a trustee, to act as interim estate, receiver of the debtor's estate, and, where a special manager is not appointed, as manager thereof:

1-t Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

(b.) To authorise the special manager to raise money or make advances for the purposes of the estate in any case where, in the interests of the creditors, it appears necessary so to do:

(c.) To summon and preside at the first meeting of creditors:$

(d.) To issue forms of proxy for use at the meetings of creditors: (e.) To report to the creditors as to any proposal which the debtor may have made with respect to the mode of liquidating his affairs:

(/.) To advertise the receiving order, the date of the creditors first meeting and of the debtor's public examination, and such other matters as it may be necessary to advertise:

(g.) To act as trustee during any vacancy in the office of trustee. (2.) For the purpose of his duties as interim receiver or manager the official receiver shall have the same powers as if he were a receiver and. manager appointed by the High Court, but shall, as far as practicable, consult the wishes of the creditors with respect to the management of the debtor's property, and may for that purpose, if he thinks it advisable, summon meetings of the persons claiming to be creditors, and shall not, unless the Board of Trade otherwise order, incur any expense beyond such as is requisite for the protection of the debtor's property or the disposing of perishable goods.

Provided that when the debtor cannot himself prepare a proper statement of affairs, the official receiver may, subject to any prescribed conditions, and at the expense of the estate, employ some person or persons to assist in the preparation of the statement of affairs.

(3.) Every official receiver shall account to the Board of Trade and pay over all moneys and deal with all securities in such manner as the Board from time to time direct.

Power for 71. The Board of Trade may, at any time after the passing of

Board of Trade this Act, and from time to time, with the approval of the Treasury, officers°int appoint such additional officers, including official receivers, clerks, and servants (if any) as may be required by the Board for the execution of this Act, and may dismiss any person so appointed.

PART Y.

Trustees in Bankruptcy.

Remumeration of Trustee,

Remuneration 72. (1.) Where the creditors appoint any person to be trustee of of trustee. a debtor's estate, his remuneration (if any) shall be fixed by an ordinary resolution of the creditors or if the creditors so resolve by the Committee of Inspection, and shall be in the nature of a commission or percentage, of which one part shall be payable on the amount realised, after deducting any sums paid to secured creditors out of the proceeds of their securities, and the other part on the amount distributed in dividend.

(2.) If one fourth in number or value of the creditors dissent from the resolution, or the bankrupt satisfies the Board of Trade that the remuneration is unnecessarily large, the Board of Trade shall fix the amount of the remuneration.

(3.) The resolution shall express what expenses the remuneration is to cover, and no liability shall attach to the bankrupt's estate, or

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52. 315

to the creditors, in respect of any expenses which the remuneration is expressed to cover.

(4.) Where no remuneration has been voted to a trustee he shall be allowed out of the bankrupt's estate such proper costs and expenses incurred by him in or about the proceedings of the bankruptcy as the taxing officer may allow.

(5.) A trustee shall not, under any circumstances whatever, make any arrangement for or accept from the bankrupt, or any solicitor, auctioneer, or any other person that may be employed about a bankruptcy, any gift, remuneration, or pecuniary or other consideration or benefit whatever beyond the remuneration fixed by the creditors and payable out of the estate, nor shall he make any arrangement for giving up, or give up, any part of his remuneration, either as receiver, manager, or trustee to the bankrupt, or any solicitor or other person that may be employed about a bankruptcy.

Costs.

73. (1.) Where a trustee or manager receives remuneration for Allowance and his services as such no payment shall be allowed in his accounts in costs-respect of the performance by any other person of the ordinary

duties which are required by statute or rules to be performed by himself.

(2.) Where the trustee is a solicitor he may contract that the remuneration for his services as trustee shall include all professional services.

(3.) All bills and charges of solicitors, managers, accountant-', auctioneers, brokers, and other persons, not being trustees, shall be taxed by the prescribed officer, and no payments in respect thereof shall be allowed in the trustee's accounts without proof of such taxation having been made. The taxing master shall satisfy himself before passing such bills, and charges that the employment of such solicitors and other persons, in respect of the particular matters out of which such charges arise, has been duly sanctioned.

(4.) Every such person shall, on request by the trustee (which request the trustee shall make a sufficient time before declaring a dividend), deliver his bill of costs or chat ges to the proper officer for taxation, and if he fails to do so within seven days after receipt of the request, or such further time as the Court, on application, may grant, the trustee shall declare and distribute tire dividend without regard to any claim by him, and thereupon any such claim shall be forfeited as well against the trustee personally as against the estate.

Receipts, Payments, Accounts, Audit.

74. (1.) An account called the Bankruptcy Estates Account shall lament of be kept by the Board of Trade with the Bank of England, and all Bauk^of0*0 moneys received by the Board of Trade in respect of proceedings England, under this Act shall be paid to that account.

(2.) The account of the Accountant in Bankruptcy at the Bank of England shall he transferred to the Bankruptcy Estates Account.

(3.) Every trustee in bankruptcy shall, in such manner and at such times as the Board of Trade with the concurrence of the Treasury direct, pay the money received by him to the Bankruptcy Estates Account at the Bank of England, and the Board of Trade shall furnish him with a certificate of receipt of the money so paid.

sl6 Gif. 32, Bankruptcy Act,. 1883. 46 & 47 Viexf

(4.) Provided that if it appears to . the committee of inspection that for the purpose of carrying on the debtor's business, or of obtaining advances, or because of the probable amount of th e . cash balance, or if the committee shall satisfy the Board of Trade, that for any. other reason it is for. the, i advantage. of the creditors that the trustee should have an account with a ,local bank, the Board, of Trade shall, on the application of the committee of inspection^ authorise the trustee to make his payments into and out of , ..such local.bank as the committee may. select-

Such account shall be opened and kept by the trustee in the name, of the debtor's estate; , and any interest receivable in respect of the .ycepunt s.hdlJ be part of the assefs .of the estate,., ,.

The trustee shall .make his payments , into and out of such local bank in the prescribed manner. mtewti rioros as etnyin rerf bits (5.) Subject to any general-, rules: relating -to- small bankruptcies under Part VII. of this. Act, where the debtor at the date of the receiving order has an account at a bank, such account shall' not.be withdrawn until the expiration of seven days from the day appointed for the first meeting of creditors,.'unless the Board of Trade, for the safety of the account, or other sufficient cause, order the withdrawal of the-sUCeount. ,vr -,/!>.,.,'i efatllyms k

(6.) If a trustee at any time retains for more than ten days a sum exceeding fifty pounds, or such other "amount as the Board of Trade in any particular case authorise him to retain, then, unless he explains the retention to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade, he shall pay interest on the amount so retained in excels at the rate of twenty pounds per centum per annum, and shall have no claim for remuneration, and may be removed from his office by the Board of Trade, and shall* be liable to pay any expenses occasioned1 fey reason, of his default.

(7.) All payments out of money standing to the credi.f of * th'e Board of Trade in the Bankruptcy Estates' Account shall he made by the Bank of England in the prescribed manner. '

Trustee not to 75- No trustee in a bankruptcy or under ' any composition ,.or

pay into scheme of .arrangement shall, pay'any'sums received fey him as

private trustee into his private banking account, account.

Investment of 76. (1.) Whenever the cash balance standing to the credit of-dhe surplus funds. Bankruptcy Estates Account is in. excess of the amount which in the opinion of the Board of Trade is required for the time seeing to answer demands in respect of bankrupt's estates, the Board of Trade shall notify the same to the Treasury, and shall pay over the same or any part thereof as the Treasury may require to the Treasury, to such account as the Treasury may direct, and the Treasury may invest the said sums or any part thereof in Government securities to be placed to the credit of the said account.

(2,). Whenever any part, of the money so invested is, in- the opinion of the Board of Trade, required , to answer any demands in respect of bankrupts' estates, the Board of Trade‘shall notify to the Treasury the amount so required, and the Treasury shall thereupon repay to the Board of Trade such, sum as may fee required to the credit of the Bankruptcy Estates Account, and for that purpose may direct the sale of such part of the said securities as may fee necessary.

317

18831 Bankruptcy Act, 18831 Cf. 52.

(3.) The dividends on the investments under this section shall be paid to such account as the Treasury may direct, and regard shall he had to the amount thus derived in fixing the fees payable in respect of bankruptcy proceedings.

77. The Treasury may from time to time issue to the Board of Certain I Trade in aid of the votes of Parliament, out of the receipts arising

from fees; fee stamps, and dividends on investments under this Act, applied in aid any sums which may be necessary to meet the charges estimated of expenditure, by the Board of Trade in respect of salaries and expenses under this Act.

78. XT ) Every trustee shall, at such times as may be prescribed, Audit of but not less than twice in each year during his tenure of office, Send tr"®te€®

«/ o accounts.

to the Board of Trade, or as they direct, an account of his receipts and payments as such trustee.

(2.) The account shall be in a prescribed form, shall be made in duplicate, and shall be verified by a statutory 'declaration in the prescribed form:

' (8;)- The Board of Trade shall cause the accounts so sent to be audited, and for the purposes of the audit the trustee shall furnish the Board with such vouchers' and information1 'as the Board may require, and the Board may at any time require the 'production of and inspect any books or accounts kept1 by the trustee. i j0O>'Whett any such., account has been, audited?one. copy thereof shbHih^ffiWl and kept :by the Board, and the other* copy shall, be fifed ydth tthe«€osUjet,;and each copy, shall be open to:'the inspection of, any'creditor, or of the bankrupt, or of?any person interested,

; r79.,The/trustee! shall, whenever required by. any‘creditor so to Th« trustee to do^andOn payment by such creditor of the prescribed fee,furnish furnish list of andidraUSTOt. to..«ifi^.i5redi*oiri:by.-.' peafc-.ia list sof then creditors;creditors-showing in such list the amount of the debt. due to each of such

g$^xj&rs4f)a.IQ 9ijj Qj «nibnaja v mom to iuo etmmvaq HA.

8Q. The. trustee .shall keep, in,.manner, prescribed^, proper books, Books to be in which he shali fro^, times,to. tiiiie.i.cause-to be .made entries pr ke^bytrn8tce* minutes of proceedings. at meetings, and. of ,sqqh other mattera, as htay he prescribed, and any creditor of the bankrupt . may, subject tb tHte control of the Court, personally, pr by his egent inspect any such books.

81. (1.)' Evefy trustee in a bankruptcy shall from time to time, Annual states'; ffiay'bbprtesbribted, And not less than oflcd in every year during ment ®f.

*/1 i ,q. proceedings,

tlid 'cbhtinUance of the bankruptcy transmitto the Board of Trade

a statefftent showing the proceedings in the bankruptcy up to the

date of - the statement, containing' the,pre^cfibed particulars, and

ffiadte'but in the prescribed form.

The Board of Trade Shall cause the statements so transmitted t'd bb bxhmined, and shalT call the trustee^tb actibbnt for any misfeasance, neglect, or omissibh which may appear on the said statements or in his acteounts hi* otherwise, and may require1 the trustee tb make good any loss which the1 testate of the bankrupt may have sustained by the -misfeasance, neglect, or omission.

,i , ..... -, , .. Xfefease of Trustee.

82. (1 ) When the trustee has realised all the property of the Release of bankrupt, or so much thereof as can, in his opinion, be realised trnstee-

318 Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

without needlessly protracting the trusteeship, and distributed a final dividend, if any, or has ceased to act by reason of a composition having been approved, or has resigned, or has been removed from his office, the Board of Trade shall, on his application, cause a report on his accounts to be prepared, and, on his complying with all the requirements of the Board, shall take into consideration the report, and any objection which may be urged by any creditor or person interested against the release of tho trustee, and shall either grant or withhold the release accordingly, subject nevertheless to an appeal to the High Court.

(2.) Where the release of a trustee is withheld the Court may, on the application of any creditor or person interested, make such order as it thinks just, charging the trustee with the consequences of any act or default he may have done or made contrary to his duty.

(3.) An order of the Board releasing the trustee shall discharge him from all* liability in respect of any act done or default made by him in the administration of the affairs of the bankrupt, or otherwise in relation to his conduct as trustee, but any such order may be revoked on proof that it was obtained by fraud or by suppression or concealment of any material fact.

(4.) Where the trustee has not previously resigned or been removed, his release shall operate as a removal of him from his office, and thereupon the official receiver shall be the trustee.

Official Name.

Official name of 83. The trustee may sue and be sued by the official name of

trustee. «j.|ie trustee of the property of a bankrupt,"

inserting the name of the bankrupt, and by that name may in any part of the British dominions or elsewhere hold property of every description, make contracts, sue and be sued, enter into any engagements binding on himself and his successors in office, and do all other acts necessary or expedient to be done in the execution of his office.

Appointment and Removal.

Power to 84. (1.) The creditors may, if they think fit, appoint more

appoint joint or persons than one to the office of trustee, and when more persons trustees. than one are appointed they shall declare whether any act required or authorised to be done by the trustee is to be done by all or any one or more of such persons, but all such persons are in this Act included under the term " trustee," and shall be joint-tenants of the property of the bankrupt.

(2.) The creditors may also appoint persons to act as trustees in succession in the. event of one or more of the persons first named declining to accept the office of trustee, or failing to give security, or not being approved of by the Board of Trade, use vawtedb" 85. If a receiving order is made against a trustee he shall thereby

insolvency. vacate his office of trustee.

Removal of 86. (1.) The creditors may, by ordinary resolution, at a meeting

trustee. specially called for that purpose, of which seven days notice has

been given, remove a trustee appointed by them, and may at the same or any subsequent meeting appoint another person to fill the-

319

‘883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

vacancy as herein-after provided in case of a vacancy in the office of trustee.

(2.) If the Board of Trade are of opinion that a trustee appointed by the creditors is guilty of misconduct, or fails to perform his duties under this Act, the Board may remove him from his office; but if the creditors, by ordinary resolution, disapprove of his removal, he or they may appeal against it to the High Court.

87. (1.) If a vacancy occurs in the office of a trustee the creditors Proceedings in in general meeting may appoint a person to fill the vacancy, and J^8egfv^ancJ thereupon. the same proct edings shall be taken as in the case of a trustee.

first appointment.

(2.) The official receiver shall, on the requisition of any creditor, summon a meeting for the purpose of filling any such vacancy.

(3.) If the creditois do not within three weeks after the occurrence of a vacancy appoint a person to fill the vacancy, the official receiver shall report the matter to the Board of Trade, and the Board may appoint a trustee'; but in such case the creditors or committee of inspection shall have the same power of appointing a trustee as in the case of a first appointment.

(4.) During any vacancy in the office of trustee the official receiver shall act as trustee.

Voting powers of Ti'ustee.

88. The vote of the trustee, or of his partner, clerk, solicitor, or limitation if solicitor's clerk, either as creditor or as proxy for a creditor, shall ^P^* not be reckoned in the majority required for passing any resolution affecting the remuneration or conduct of the trustee.

Control over Trustee.

89. (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act the trustee shall; Discretionary in the administi'ation of the property of the bankrupt and in the f^and control distribution thereof amongst his creditors, have regard to any thereof, directions that may be given by resolution of the creditors at any

general meeting, or by the committee of inspection, and any directions so given by the creditors at any general meeting shall in case of conflict be deemed to override any directions given by the committee of inspection.

(2.) The trustee may from time to time summon general meetings of the creditors for the purpose of ascertaining their wishes, and it shall be his dut}' to summon meetings at such times as the creditors, by resolution, either at the meeting appointing the trustee or otherwise may direct, or whenever requested in writing to do so by one fourth in value of the creditors.

(3.) The trustee may apply to the Court in manner prescribed for directions in relation to any particular matter arising under the bankruptcy.

(4.) Subject to the provisions of this Act the trustee shall use his own discretion in the management of the estate and its distribution among the creditors.

90. If the bankrupt or any of the creditors, or any other person, Appeal to

is aggrieved by any act or decision of the trustee, he may apply to ^[ge''g!ul'st the Court, and the Court may confirm, reverse, or modify the act or decision complained of, and make such order in the premises as it thinks just.

320

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

Control of 91. (1.) The Board of Trade shall take cognizance of the conduct Board of Trade of trustees, and in the event of any trustee not faithfully per-over trustees. form}ng his duties, and duly observing all the requirements imposed on him by statute, rules or otherwise, with respect to the performance of his duties, or in the event of any complaint being made to the Board by any creditor in regard thereto, the Board shall inquire into the matter and take such action thereon as may be deemed expedient.

(2.) The Board may at any time require any trustee to answer any inquiry made by them in i elation to any bankruptcy in which the trustee is engaged, and may, if the Board think fit, apply to the Court to examine on oath the trustee or any other person concerning the bankruptcy.

(3.) The Board may also direct 9 local investigation to be made of the books and vouchers of the trustee.

PART VI.

Constitution, Procedure, and Powers of Court.

Jurisdiction.

Jurisdiction to 92. (1.) The Courts having jurisdiction in bankruptcy shall be HieMtourt the High Court and the county courts.

and county (2.) But the Lord Chancellor may from time to time, by order

courts. under his hand, exclude any county^'court from having jurisdiction

in bankruptcy, and for the purposes of bankruptcy jurisdiction may attach its district or any part thereof to the High Court, or to any other county court or courts, and may from time to time revoke or vary any order so made. 'The Lord Chancellor may, in like manner and subject to the like conditions, detach the district of any county court or any part thereof from the district and jurisdiction of the High Court.

(3.) The term " district," when used in this Act with reference to a county court, means the district of the court for the purposes of bankruptcy jurisdiction.

(4.) A county court which, at the commencement of this Act, is excluded from having bankruptcy jurisdiction, shall continue to be so excluded until the Lord Chancellor otherwise orders.

(5.) Periodical sittings for the transaction of bankruptcy business by county courts having jurisdiction in bankruptcy shall be holden at such times and at such intervals as the Lord Chancellor shall prescribe for each such court.

93. (1.) From and after the commencement of this Act the London Bankruptcy Court shall be united and consolidated with and form part of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and the jurisdiction of the London Bankruptcy Court shall be transferred to the High Court.

(2.) For the purposes of this union, consolidation, and transfer, and of all matters incidental thereto and consequential thereon, the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, as amended by subsequent Acts, shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, have effect as if the union, consolidation, and transfer had been effected by that Act, except that all expressions referring to the time appointed for the commencement of that Act shall be construed as referring

Consolidation of London

1883.

321

Wcmkruptcy Act, 1883. Cn. 52.

to the commencement of this Act, and, subject as aforesaid, this Act and the said above-mentioned Acts shall be read and construed together.

94. (1.) Subject to general rules, and to orders of transfer made Transaction of

under the authority of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, business by and Acts amending it, — : special judge of

(a.) All matters pending in the London Bankruptcy Court at the Court, commencement of this Act; and . (&.) All matters which would have been within the exclusive jurisdiction of the London Bankruptcy Courts if this Act had , - not passed;. and

, (q.)'All matters in respect of which jurisdiction is given to the High Court by this Act, shall be assigned to such Division of the High Court as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time direct.

(2.) All such matters shall, subject as aforesaid, be ordinarily transacted and disposed of by or under the direction of one of the judges of the High Court, and the Lord Chancellor shall from time to time assign a judge for that purpose.

(3.) Provided that during vacation- or during the illness of the judge so assigned, or during his absence , or for any other reasonable cause such matters, or any part thereof; may be transacted and disposed of by or under the directions of any judge of the High Court named for that purpose by the Lord Chancellor.

(4*.j Subject to the provisions of this Act, the officers, clerks, and subordinate persons who are, at the commencement of this Act, attached to the London Bankruptcy Court, and their successors; shall be officers of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and shall be attached to the High Court.

- (5.) Subject to general rules, all bankruptcy matters shall be entitled, " In bankruptcy."

95. (1.) If the debtor against or by whom a bankruptcy petition Petition, where is presented has resided or carried on business within the London to be presented, bankruptcy district as defined by this Act for the greater part of

the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition, or for a longer period during those six months than in the district of any county court, or is not resident in England, or if the petitioning creditor is unable to ascertain the residence of the debtor, the petition shall be presented to the High Court.

(2.) In any other case the petition shall be presented to the county court for the district in which the debtor has resided or carried' on business for the longest period during the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall invalidate a proceeding by reason of its being taken in a wrong court.

96. The London Bankruptcy District shall, for the purposes of Definition of this Act, comprise the city of London and the liberties thereof, and ^n^on<iton all such parts of the metropolis and other places as are situated District? 7 within the district of any county court described as a metropolitan

county court in the list contained in the Third Schedule.

97. (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every court having Transfer of original jurisdiction in bankruptcy shall have jurisdiction through-

out England. court.

X

320

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

Control of 91. (1.) The Board of Trade shall take cognizance of the conduct Board of Trade of trustees, and in the event of any trustee not faithfully per-over trustees. forming his duties, and duly observing all the requirements imposed on him by statute, rules or otherwise, with respect to the performance of his duties, or in the event of any complaint being made to the Board by any creditor in regard thereto, the Board shall inquire into the matter and take such action therein as may be deemed expedient.

(2.) The Board may at any time require any trustee to answer any inquiry made by them in i elation to any bankruptcy in which the trustee is engaged, and may, if the Board think fit, apply to the Court to examine on oath the trustee or any other person concerning the bankruptcy.

(3.) The Board may also direct fP local investigation to be made of the books and vouchers of the trustee.

PART VI.

Hiph Court and county courts.

Constitution, Procedure, and Powers of Court. Jurisdiction.

Jurisdiction to 92. (1.) The Courts having jurisdiction in bankruptcy shall be Hi^Cnrirt by Hte High Court and the county courts.

(2.) But the Lord Chancellor may from time to time, by order under his hand, exclude any county"'court from having jurisdiction in bankruptcy, and for the purposes of bankruptcy jurisdiction may attach its district or any part thereof to the High Court, or to any other county court or courts, and may from time to time revoke or vary any order so made. 'The Lord Chancellor may, in like manner and subject to the like conditions, detach the district of any county court or any part thereof from the district and jurisdiction of the High Court.

(3.) The term " district," when used in this Act with reference to a county court, means the district of the court for the purposes of bankruptcy jurisdiction.

(4.) A county court which, at the commencement of this Act, is excluded from having bankruptcy jurisdiction, shall continue to be so excluded until the Lord Chancellor otherwise orders.

(5.) Periodical sittings for the transaction of bankruptcy business by county courts having jurisdiction in bankruptcy shall be holden at such times and at such intervals as the Lord Chancellor shall prescribe for each such court.

93. (1.) From and after the commencement of this Act the London Bankruptcy Court shall be united and consolidated with and form part of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and the jurisdiction of the London Bankruptcy Court shall be transferred to the High Court.

(2.) For the purposes of this union, consolidation, and transfer, and of all matters incidental thereto and consequential thereon, the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, as amended by subsequent Acts, shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, have effect as if the union, consolidation, and transfer had been effected by that Act, except that all expressions referring to the time appointed for the commencement of that Act shall be construed as referring:

Consolidation of London

1883.

321

\Bcmhruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

to the commencement of this Act, and, subject as aforesaid, this Act and the said above-mentioned Acts shall be read and construed together.

94. (1.) Subject to general rules, and to orders of transfer made Transaction of

under the authority.of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, bus^nessby and Acts amending it, — special judge of

(a.) All matters pending in the London Bankruptcy Court at the Court, commencement of this Act; and j (h.) All matters which would have been within the exclusive jurisdiction of the London Bankruptcy Court, if this Act had not passed; and

. (c.)' All matters in respect of which jurisdiction is given to the High Court by this Act, shall be assigned to such Division of the High Court as the Lord Chancellor may from time to time direct.

(2.) All such matters shall, subject as aforesaid, be ordinarily transacted and disposed of by or under the direction of one of the judges of the High Court, and the Lord Chancellor shall from time to time assign a judge for that purpose,

(3.) Provided that during vacation, dr during the illness of the judge so assigned, or during his absence or for any other reasonable cause such matters, or any part thereof, may be transacted and disposed of by or under the directions of any judge of the High Court named for that purpose by the Lord Chancellor.

(k)- Subject to the provisions of this Act, the officers, clerks, and subordinate pfersons who are, at the commencement of this Act, attached to the London Bankruptcy Court, and their successors', shall be officers of the Supreme Court of Judicature, and shall be attached to the High Court, slxl

(5.) Subject to general rules, all bankruptcy matters shall be entitled, " In bankruptcy."

95. (1.) If the debtor against or by whom a bankruptcy petition Petition, where is presented has resided or carried on business within the London to be presented, bankruptcy district as defined by this Act for the greater part of

the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition, or for a longer period during those six months than in the district of any county court, or is not resident in England, or if the petitioning creditor is unable to ascertain the residence of the debtor, the petition shall be presented to the High Court.

(2.) In any other case the petition shall be presented to the county court for the district in which the debtor has resided or carried' on business for the longest period during the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition.

(3.) Nothing in this section shall invalidate a proceeding by reason of its being taken in a wrong court.

96. The London Bankruptcy District shall, for the purposes of Definition of this Act, comprise the city of London and the liberties thereof, and ^on<iton all such parts of the metropolis and other places as are situated District. 7 within the district of any county court described as a metropolitan

county court in the list contained in the Third Schedule.

97. (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every court having Transfer of

original jurisdiction in bankruptcy shall have jurisdiction through- j?.om courTto out England. court.

X

322 Ch. 52. Bmhruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

(2.) Any proceedings in bankruptcy may at any time, and at any stage thereof, and either with or without application from any of the parties thereto, be transferred by any prescribed authority and in the prescribed manner from one court to another court, or may by the like authority be retained in the court in which the proceedings were commenced, although it may not be the court in which the proceedings ought to have been commenced.

(3.) If any question of law arises in any bankruptcy proceeding in a county court which all the parties to the proceeding desire, or which one of them and the judge of the county court may desire, to have determined in the first instance in the High Court, the judge shall state the facts, in the form of a special case, for the opinion of the High Court. The special case and the proceedings, or such of them as may be required, shall be transmitted to the High Court for the purposes of the determination.

Awnbere'of 98* Subject to the provisions of this Act and to general rules the High Court judge of the High Court exercising jurisdiction in bankruptcy may jurisdiction. exercise in chambers the whole or any part of his jurisdiction. Jurisdiction in 99. (1.) The registrars in bankruptcy of the High Court, and the bankruptcy of registrars of a county court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy, shall have the powers and jurisdiction in this section mentioned, and any order made or act. done by such registrars in the exercise of the said powers and jurisdiction shall be deemed the order or act of the Court.

(2.) Subject to general rules limiting the powers conferred by this section, a registrar shall have power —

(a.) To hear bankruptcy petitions, and to make receiving orders and adjudications thereon:

(6.) To hold the public examination of debtors:

(c.) To grant orders of discharge where the application is not opposed

(cZ.) To approve compositions or schemes of arrangement when they are not opposed:

(e.) To make interim orders in any case of urgency:

(/.) To make any order or exercise any jurisdiction which by any rule in that behalf is prescribed as proper to be made or exercised in chambers:

(ff.) To hear and determine any unopposed or ex parte application:$

(h.) To summon and examine any person known or suspected to have in his possession effects of the debtor or to be indebted to him, or capable of giving information respecting the debtor, his dealings or property.

(3.) The Registrars in bankruptcy of the High Court shall also have power to grant orders of discharge and certificates of removal of disqualifications, and to approve compositions and schemes of arrangement.

(4.) A registrar shall not have power to commit for contempt of court.

(5.) The Lord Chancellor may from time to time by order direct that any specified registrar of a county court shall have and exercise all the powers of a bankruptcy registrar of the High Court.

1883.

323

IBcmkruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

100. A county court shall, for the purposes of its bankruptcy Powers of jurisdiction, in addition to the ordinary powers of the Court, have countycourt-all the powers and jurisdiction of the High Court, and the orders of

the Court may be enforced accordingly in manner prescribed.

101. Where any moneys or funds have been received by an Trade

official receiver or by the Board of Trade, and the Court makes an meats order declaring that any person is entitled to such moneys or funds accordance the Board of Trade shall make an order for the payment thereof Q0^ctions to the person so entitled as aforesaid.

102. (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every court having General power jurisdiction in bankruptcy under this Act shall have full power to ®^gkrui>tcy decide all questions of priorities, and all other questions whatsoever, whether of law or fact, which may arise in any case of bankruptcy coming within the cognizance of the Court, or which

the Court may deem it expedient or necessary to decide for the purpose of doing complete justice or making a complete distribution of property in any such case.

Provided that the jurisdiction hereby given shall not be exercised by the county court for the purpose of adjudicating upon any claim, not arising out of the bankruptcy, which might heretofore have been enforced by action in the High Court, unless all parties to the proceeding consent thereto, or the money, Money's worth, or right in dispute does not in the opinion of the judge exceed in value two hundred pounds.

(2.) A court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy under this Act shall not be subject to be restrained in the execution of its powers under this Act by the order of any other court, nor shall any appeal lie from its decisions, except in manner directed by this Act.

(3.) If in any proceeding in bankruptcy there arises any question of fact which either of the parties desire to be tried before a jury instead of by the Court itself, or which the Court thinks ought to be tried by a jury, the Court may if it thinks fit direct the trial to be had, with a jury and the trial may be had accordingly, in the High Court in the same manner as if it were the trial of an issue of fact in an action, and in the county court in the manner in which jury trials in ordinary cases are by law held in that court.

(4.) Where a receiving order has been made in the High Court under this Act, the judge by* whom such order was made shall have power; if he sees fit, without any further consent, to order the transfer to such judge of any action pending in any other division, brought or continued by or against the bankrupt.

(5.) Where default is made by a trustee, debtor, or other person in obeying any order or direction given by the Board of Trade or by an official receiver or any other officer of the Board of Trade under any power conferred by this Act, the court may, on the application of the Board of Trade or an official receiver or other duly authorised person order such defaulting trustee, debtor, or person to comply with the order or direction so given; and the court may also, if it shall think fit, upon any such application make an immediate order for the committal of such defaulting trustee, debtor, or other person; provided that the power given by this subsection shall be deemed to be in addition to and not in substitution for any other right or remedy in respect of such default.

324

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict

Judgment Debtors.

103. (1.) It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor by order to direct that the jurisdiction and powers under section five of the Debtor's Act, 1869, now vested in the High Court, shall be assigned to and exercised by the judge to whom bankruptcy business is assigned.

(2.) It shall be lawful also for the Lord Chancellor in like manner to direct that the whole or any part of the said jurisdiction and powers shall be delegated to and exercised by the bankruptcy registrars of the High Court.

(3.) Any order made under this section may, at any time, in like manner, be rescinded or varied.

(4.) Every county court within the jurisdiction of which a judgment debtor is or resides shall have jurisdiction under section five of the Debtor's Act, 1869, although the amount of the judgment debt may exceed fifty pounds.

(5.) Where, under section five of the Debtor's Act, 1869, application is made by a judgment creditor to a court, having bankruptcy jurisdiction, for the committal of a judgment debtor, the court may, if it thinks fit, decline to commit, and in lieu thereof, with the consent of the judgment creditor, and on payment by him of the prescribed fee, make a receiving order against the debtor. In such case the judgment debtor shall be deemed to have committed an act of bankruptcy at the time the order is made.

(6.) General rules under this Act may be made for the purpose of carrying into effect the provisions of the Debtor's Act, 1869.

Appeals.

Appeals in 104. (1.) Every court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy under bankruptcy. ^js Act may review, rescind, or vary any order made by it under its bankruptcy jurisdiction.

(2.): Orders in bankruptcy matters shall, at the instance of any person aggrieved, be subject to appeal as follows:$

(a.) An appeal shall lie from the order of a county court to Her Majesty's Court of Appeal:

(b.) An appeal shall lie from the order of the High Court to Her Majesty's Court of Appeal:

(c.) An appeal shall, with the leave- of Her Majesty's Court of Appeal, but not otherwise, lie from the order of that Court to the House of Lords

(d.) No appeal shall be entertained except in conformity with such general rales as may for the time being be in force in relation to the appeal.

Procedure.

Discretionary 105, (1.) Subject to the provisions of this Act and to general Court* of the ru^e3> the costs of and incidental to any proceeding in Court under this Act shall be in the discretion of the Court: Provided that where any issue is tried by a jury the costs shall follow the event, unless, upon application made at the trial, for good cause shown, the judge before whom such issue is tried shall otherwise order. '

(2.) The Court may at any time adjourn any proceedings before it upon such terms, if any, as it may think fit to impose.

Judgment debtor's summons to be bankruptcy business.

325

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

(3.) The Court may at any time amend any written process or proceeding under this Act upon such terms, if any, as it may think fit to impose.

(4.) Where by this Act or by general rules, the time for doing any Act or thing is limited, the Court may extend the time either before or after the expiration thereof, upon such terms, if any, as the Court may think fit to impose.

(5.) Subject to general rules, the Court may in any matter take the whole or any part of the evidence either viva voce, or by interrogatories, or upon affidavit, or by commission abroad.

(6.) For the purpose of approving a composition or scheme byjoint debtors, the Court may, if it thinks fit, and on the report of the official receiver that it is expedient so to do, dispense with the public examination of one of such joint debtors if he is unavoidably prevented from attending the examination by illness or absence abroad.

i 106. Where two or more bankruptcy petitions are presented Consolidation against the same debtor or against joint debtors, the Court may ofpetitions, consolidate the proceedings, or any of them, on such terms as the Court thinks fit.

107. Where the petitioner does not proceed with due diligence Power to on his petition, the Court may substitute as petitioner any other "g®fcar* creditor to whom the debtor may be indebted in the amount clings!* required by this Act in the case of the petitioning creditor.

108. If a debtor by or against whom a bankruptcy petition Continuance of has been presented dies, the proceedings in the matter shall, unless jj^thiSebtor the Court otherwise orders, be continued as if he were alive,

109. The Court may at any time, for sufficient reason, make an Power to stay order staying the proceedings under a bankruptcy petition, either ProceedmSs-altogether or for a limited time, on such terms and subject;to such conditions as the Court may think just.

110. Any creditor whose debt is sufficient to entitle him to Power to pre-present a bankruptcy petition against all the partners of a firm

may present a petition against any one or more partners of the firm partner. without including the others.

111. Where there are more respondents than one to a petition Power to dis-

the Court may dismiss the petition as to one or more of them, m!s.R P«tlt1011 without prejudice to the effect of the petition as against the other r^ondents* or others of them. only.

112. Where a receiving order has been made on a bankruptcy Property of petition against or by one member of a partnership, any other bankruptcy petition against or by a member of the same partner- trustee, ship shall be filed in or transferred to the-Court in Which the first-mentioned petition is in course of prosecution, and, unless the

Court otherwise directs, the same trustee or receiver shall be appointed as may have been appointed in respect of the property of the first-mentioned member of the partnership, and the Court may give such directions for consolidating the proceedings under the petitions as it thinks just.

113. Where a member of a partnership is adjudged bankrupt, Action* by the Court may authorise the trustee to commence and prosecute

any action in the names of the trustee and of the bankrupt's partner*, partner; and any release by such partner of the debt or demand to

Actions on

Proceedings in

partnership

name.

which the action relates shall be void; but notice of the application for authority to commence the action shall be given to him, and he may show cause against it, and on his application the Court may, if it thinks fit, direct that he shall receive his proper share of the proceeds of the action, and if he does not claim any benefit therefrom he shall be indemnified against costs in respect thereof as the Court directs.

114. Where a bankrupt is a contractor in respect of any contract

joint contracts. v____1 J

- jointly with any person or persons, such person or persons may

sue -or be sued in respect of the contract without the joinder of the bankrupt.

115. Any two or more persons, being partners, or any person carrying on business under a partnership name, may take proceedings or be proceeded against under this Act in the name of the firm, but in such case the Court may, on application by any person interested, order the names of the persons who are partners in such firm or the name of such person to be disclosed in such manner, and verified on oath, or otherwise as the Court may direct.

Officers.

116. (1.) No registrar or other officer attached to any court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy shall, during his continuance in office, be capable of being elected or sitting as a member of the House of Commons.

(2.) No registrar or official receiver or other officer attached to any such court shall, during his continuance in office, either directly or indirectly, by himself, his clerk, or partner, act as solicitor in any proceeding in bankruptcy or in any prosecution of a debtor by order of the Court, and if he does so act he shall be liable to be dismissed from office.

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the right of any registrar or officer appointed before the passing of this Act to act as solicitor by himself, his clerk, or partner to the extent permitted by section sixty-nine of the Bankruptcy Act, 1869.

Orders and Warrants of Court.

Enforcement of 117. Any order made by a court having jurisdiction in bank-orders of ruptcy in England under this Act shall be enforced in Scotland and ouUhe United" Ireland in the courts having jurisdiction in bankruptcy in those parts of the United Kingdom respectively, in the same manner in all respects as if the order had been made by the Court hereby required to enforce it; and in like manner any order made by a court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy in Scotland shall be enforced in England and Ireland, and any order made by a court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy in Ireland shall be enforced in England and Scotland by the courts respectively having jurisdiction in bankruptcy in the part of the United Kingdom where the orders may require to be enforced, and in the same manner in all respects as if the order had been made by the Court required to enforce it in a case of bankruptcy within its own jurisdiction.

118. The High Court, the county courts, the courts having jurisdiction in bankruptcy in Scotland and Ireland, and every British court elsewhere having jurisdiction in bankruptcy or insolvency,

ont the United Kingdom.

1883.

327

\Banknuptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

and the officers of those courts respectively, shall severally act in aid of and be auxiliary to each other in all matters of bankruptcy, and an order of the court seeking aid, with a request to another of the said courts, shall be deemed sufficient to enable the latter court to exercise, in regard to the matters directed by the order, such jurisdiction as either the court which made the request, or the court to which the request is made, could exercise in regard to similar matters within their respective jurisdictions.

119. (1.) Any warrant of a court having jurisdiction in bank- Warrants of ruptcy in England may be enforced in Scotland, Ireland, the Isle of

Man, the Channel Islands, and elsewhere in Her Majesty's dominions, in the same manner and subject to the same privileges in and subject to which a warrant issued by any justice of the peace against a person for an indictable offence against the laws of England may be executed in those parts of Her Majesty's dominions respectively in pursuance of the Acts of Parliament in that behalf.

(2.) A search warrant issued by a court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy for the discovery of any property of a debtor may be executed in manner prescribed or in the same manner and subject to the same privileges in and subject to which a search warrant for property supposed to be stolen may be executed according to law.

120. Where the Court commits any person to prison, the com- Commitment to mitment may be to such convenient prison as the Court thinks pnson-expedient, and if the gaoler of any prison refuses to receive any

prisoner so committed he shall be liable for every such refusal to a fine not exceeding one hundred founds.

PART VII.

Small Bankruptcies.

121. When a petition is presented by or against a debtor, if the Summary ad-Court is satisfied by affidavit or otherwise, or the official receiver ^aifcafes?1D reports to the Court that the property of the debtor is not likely to

exceed in value three hundred pounds, the Court may make an order that the debtor's estate be administered in a summary manner, and thereupon the provisions of this Act shall be subject to the following modifications:

(1.) If the debtor is adjudged bankrupt the official receiver shall be the trustee in the bankruptcy:

(2.) There shall be no committee of inspection, but the official receiver may do with the permission of the Board of Trade all things which may be done by the trustee with the permission of the committee of inspection:$

(3.) Such other modifications may be made in the provisions of this Act as may be prescribed by general rules with the view of saving expense and simplifying procedure; but nothing in this section shall permit the modification of the provisions of this Act relating to the examination or discharge of the debtor.

Provided that the creditors may at any time, by special resolution, resolve that some person other than the official receiver be appointed trustee in the bankruptcy, and thereupon the bankruptcy shall proceed as if an order for summary administration had not been made.

328

Ch. 52. Bmkrwptcy Act, 188%. 46 & 47 Vict,

Power for 122. (I.) Where a judgment has been obtained in a county court and the debtor is unable to pay the amount forthwith, and tration order alleges that his whole indebtedness amounts to a sum not exceeding instead of order fifty pounds, inclusive of the debt for which the judgment is obtained, county court may make an order providing for the administration of his estate, and for the payment of his debts by instalments or otherwise, and either in full; or to such extent as to the county court under the circumstances of the ease appears practicable, and subject to any conditions as to his future earnings or income which the court may think just.

(2.) The order shall not be invalid by reason only that the total amount of the debts is found at any time to exceed fifty pounds, but in such case the county court may, if it thinks fit, set aside the order.

(3.) Where, in the opinion of the county court in which the judgment is obtained, it would be inconvenient that that court should administer the estate, it shall cause a certificate of the judgment to be forwarded to the county court in the district of which the debtor or the majority of the creditors resides or reside, and thereupon the latter county court shall have all the powers which it would have under this section, had the judgment been obtained in it.

(4.) Where it appears to the registrar of the county court that property of the debtor exceeds in value ten pounds, he shall, at the request of any creditor, and without fee, issue execution against the debtor's goods, but the household goods, wearing apparel, and bedding of the debtor or his family, and the tools and implements of his trade to the value in the aggregate of twenty pounds, shall to that extent be protected from seizure.

(5.) When the order is made no creditor shall have any remedy against the person or property of the debtor in respect of any debt which the debtor has notified to a county court, except with the leave of that county court, and on such terms as that court may impose; and any county court Or inferior court in which proceedings are pending against the debtor in respect of any such debt shall, on receiving notice of the order, stay the proceedings, but may allow costs already incurred by the creditor, and such costs may, on application, be added to the debt notified.

(6.) If the debtor makes default in payment of any instalment payable in pursuance of any order under this section, he shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed , to have had since the date of the order the means to pay the sum in, respect of which he has made default and to have refused or neglected to pay the same.

(7.) The order shall be carried into effect in such manner as may be prescribed by general rules.

(8.) Money paid into court under the opder shall be appropriated first in satisfaction of the costs of the plaintiff in .the action, next in satisfaction of the costs of administration (which ah ail not exceed two shillings in the pound on the total amount of the debts) and then in liquidation of debts in accordance with the order.

i|| Notice of the Order shall be sent to the registrar of county court judgments, and be posted iia the; office of the county court of the district in which the debtor resides, and 'sent to every creditor notified by the debtor, op who has proved.

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52. 329

(10.) Any creditor of the debtor, on proof of his debt before the registrar, shall be entitled to be scheduled as a creditor of the debtor for the amount of his proof/

(11.) Any creditor may in the prescribed manner object to any debt scheduled, or to the manner in which payment is directed to be made by instalments.

: (12.) Any person who after the date of the order becomes a creditor of the debtor, shall, oh proof of his debt before the registrar, be Scheduled as a creditor of the debtor for the amount of his proof, but shall not be entitled to any dividend under the order until those creditors who are scheduled as having been creditors before the date of the order have been paid to the extent provided by the order.

(13.) When the amount received under the order is sufficient to pay each creditor scheduled to the extent thereby provided, and the costs of the plaintiff and of the administration, the order shall be superseded, and the debtor shall be discharged from his debts to the scheduled creditors.

; (14.) In computing the salary of a registrar under the County Courts Acts every; creditor scheduled, notbeing a judgment creditor, shall count as a plaint.

part vm.

Supplemental Provisions.

Application of Act.

123. A receiving order shall not be made against any corporation, Exclusion of

bfi against any partnership or association, or company registered partnerships under the Companies Act, 1862. _ and companies.

124. If a person having privilege of Parliament commits an act Privilege of of bankruptcy, he may be dealt with under this Act in like manner Parliament, as if he had not such privilege.

125. (1>) Any creditor of a deceased debtor whose debt would Administration have been sufficient to support a bankruptcy petition against such in bankruptcy

had he: been alive, may present to the court a petition in "c"n* d°ing the prescribed form praying for an order for the administration insolvent, of the, estate of the deceased debtor, according to the Law, of Bankruptcy.

Upon the prescribed , notice .being given to the legal personal Representative of the deceased debtor, the court may, in the prescribed manner, upon prpof of the petitioner's debt, unless the court; is satisfied that there is a reasonable probability that the estate will be sufficient for the payment of the debts owing by the deceased, make an order for the administration in bankruptcy of the deceased debtor's estate, or may upon cause shown dismiss such petition with or without costs.

(3.) An order of administration under this section shall not be made until the aspiration of two months from the date of the grant of probate dr letters of administration, unless with the concurrence of the legal personal representative of the deceased debtor, or unless the petitioner proves to the satisfaction of the court that the debtor Committed an act of bankruptcy within three months prior to hie decease.

Ch. 52.

Ba/nkruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict

(4.) A petition for administration under this section shall not be presented to the court after proceedings have been commenced in any court of justice for the administration of the deceased debtor's estate, but that court may in such case, on the application of any creditor, and on proof that the estate is insufficient to pay its debts transfer the proceedings to the court exercising jurisdiction in bankruptcy, and thereupon such last-mentioned court may, in the prescribed manner, make an order for the administration of the estate of the deceased debtor, and the like consequences shall ensue as under an administration order made on the petition of a creditor.

(5.) Upon an order being made for the administration of a deceased debtor's estate, the property of the debtor shall^vest uqthe official receiver of the court, as trustee thereof, and he shall forthwith proceed to realise and distribute the same in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(6.) With the modifications herein-after mentioned, all the provisions of Part III. of this Act, relating to the administration of the property of a bankrupt, shall, so far as the same are applicable, apply to the case of an administration order under this section in like manner as to an order of adjudication under this Act.

(7.) In the administration of the property of the deceased debtor under an order of administration, the official receiver shall have regard to any claim by the legal personal representative of the deceased debtor to payment of the proper funeral and testamentary expenses incurred by him in and about the debtor's estate, and such claims shall be deemed a preferential debt under the order, and be payable in full, out of the debtor's estate, in priority to all other debts.

(8.) If, on the administration of a deceased debtor's estate, any surplus remains in the hands of the official receiver, after payment in full of all the debts due from the debtor, together with the costs of the administration and interest as provided by this Act in case of bankruptcy, such surplus shall be paid over to the legal personal representative of the deceased debtor's estate, or dealt with in such other manner as may be prescribed.

(9.) Notice to the legal personal representative of a deceased debtor of the presentation by a creditor of a petition under this section shall, in the event of an order for administration being made thereon, be deemed to be equivalent to notice of an act of bankruptcy, and after such notice no payment or transfer of property made by the legal personal representative shall operate as a discharge to him as between himself and the official receiver; save as aforesaid nothing in this section shall invalidate any payment made or any act or thing done in good faith by the legal personal representative before the date of the order for administration.

(10.) Unless the context otherwise requires, " court," in this section, means the court within the jurisdiction of which the debtor resided or carried on business for the greater part of the six months immediately prior to his decease; " creditor " means one or more creditors qualified to present a bankruptcy petition, as in f.hig Act provided.

1883.

Ch. 52.

331

\Bankrwptcy Act, 1883.

(11.) General rules, for carrying into effect the provisions of this section, may be made in the same manner and to the like effect and extent as in bankruptcy.

126. No person, not being a trader within the meaning of the Saving as to Bankruptcy Act, 1861, shall be adjudged bankrupt in respect of a

debt contracted before the passing of that Act. Act of 1861.

General Rules.

127. (1.) The Lord Chancellor may from time to time, with the Power to make concurrence of the President of the Board of Trade, make,'revoke, &eneral rules-and alter general rules for carrying into effect the objects of this

Act.

(2.) All general rules made under the foregoing provisions of this section shall be laid before Parliament within three weeks after they are made if Parliament is then sitting, and if Parliament is not then sitting, within three weeks after the beginning of the then next session of Parliament, and shall be judicially noticed, and shall have effect as if enacted by this Act.

(3.) Such general rules as may be required for purposes of this Act may be made at any time after the passing of this Act.

(4.) Provided always, that the said general rules, so made, revoked, or altered, shall not extend the jurisdiction of the court.

(5.) After the commencement of this Act no general rule under the provisions of this section shall come into operation until the expiration of one month after the same has been made and issued.

Fees, Salaries, Expenditure, and Returns.

128. (1.) The Lord Chancellor may, with the sanction of the Fees and Treasury, from time to time prescribe a scale of fees and per centages remuneration, to be charged for or in respect of proceedings under this Act; and

the Treasury shall direct by whom and in what manner the same are to be collected, accounted for, and to what account they shall be paid. The Board of Trade, with the concurrence of the Treasury, shall direct whether any and what remuneration is to be allowed to any officer of, or person attached to, the Board of Trade, performing any duties under this Act, and may from time to time vary, increase, or diminish such remuneration as they may see fit.

(2.) This section shall come into operation on the passing of this Act.

129. (1.) The Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Trea- judicial sury, shall direct whether any and what remuneration is to be salaries, &e. allowed to any person (other than an officer of the Board of Trade) performing any duties under this Act, and may from time to time

vary, increase, or diminish such remuneration as he may think fit.

(2.) This section shall come into operation on the passing of this Act.

130. (1.) The Treasury shall annually cause to be prepared and ADnual ac-laid before both Houses of Parliament an account for the year end- counts of re-ing with the thirty-first day of March, showing the receipts and expenditure in expenditure during that year in respect of bankruptcy proceedings, respect of whether commenced under this or any previous Act, and the pro-

visions of section twenty eight of the Supreme Court of Judicature procee ngs‘

332

Returns by bankruptcy officers.

Gazette to be evidence.

Evidence of proceedings meetings of creditors.

Evidence of proceedings bankruptcy.

Swearing

affidavits.

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 VICT

Act, 1875, shall apply to the account as if the account had been required by that section.

(2.) The accounts of the Board of Trade, under this Act, fibril he audited in such manner as the Treasury from time to time direct, and, for the purpose of the account to be laid before Parliament, the Board of Trade shall make such returns, and give such information as the Treasury may from time to time direct.

131. The registrars and other officers of the courts acting in bankruptcy shall make to the Board of Trade such returns of the business of their respective courts and offices, at such times and in such manner and form as may be prescribed, and from such returns the Board of Trade shall cause books to be prepared which shall, under the regulations of the Board, be open for public information and searches.

The Board of Trade shall also cause a general annual report of all matters, judicial and financial, within this Act, to be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament.

Evidence.

132. (1.) A copy of the London Gazette containing any notice inserted therein in pursuance of this Act shall be evidence of the facts stated in the notice.

(2.) The production of a copy of the London Gazette containing any notice of a receiving order, or of an order adjudging a debtor bankrupt, shall be conclusive evidence in all legal proceedings of the order having been duly made, and of its date.

133. (1.) A minute of proceedings at a meeting of creditors under lt this Act, signed at the same or the next ensuing meeting, by a

person describing himself as, or appearing to be, chairman of the meeting at which the minute is signed, shall be received in evidence without further proof.

(2.) Until the contrary is proved, every meeting of creditors in respect of the proceedings whereof a minute has been so signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held, and all resolutions passed or proceedings had thereat to have been duly passed or had.

134. Any petition or copy of a petition in bankruptcy, any order in or certificate , or copy of an order or certificate made by any Court

having jurisdiction in bankruptcy, any instrument or copy of an instrument, affidavit, or document made or used in the course of any bankruptcy proceedings, or other proceedings had under this Act, shall, if it appears to be sealed with the seal of any Court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy, or purports to be signed by any judge thereof, or is certified as a true c6py by any registrar thereof, be receivable in evidence in all legal proceedings whatever.

E 135. Subject to general rules, any affidavit to be used in a bankruptcy court may be sworn before any person authorised to administer oaths in the High Court, or in the Court of Chancery of the county palatine of Lancaster, or before any registrar of a bankruptcy court, or before any officer of a bankruptcy court authorised in writing on that behalf by the judge of the Court, or, in the case of a person residing in Scotland or in Ireland, before a judge ordinary, magistrate, or justice of the peace, or, in the case of a person who is out of the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, before a magistrate or

333

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. ,Ch.. 52.

justice of the peace or other person qualified to administer oaths in the country where he resides (he being certified to be a magistrate or justice of the peace, or qualified-as aforesaid by a British minister or British consul, or by notary public). ;

136. In case of the death of the debtor or his wife, or of a witness Death9f wit* whose evidence has been received by any Court in any proceeding ness* under this Act, the deposition of the person so deceased, purporting

to be sealed with the seal of the Court, or a copy thereof purporting to be so sealed, shall be admitted as evidence of the matters therein deposed to.

137. Every Court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy under this Bankruptcy Act shall have a seal describing the Court in such manner as may to *? be directed by order of the Lord Chancellor, and judicial notice

shall be taken of the seal, and of the signature of the judge or registrar of any such Court, in all legal proceedings.

138. A certificate of the Board of Trade that a person has been Certificate of

appointed trustee under this Act, shall be conclusive evidence of his appointment of appointment. , ' ‘ trnBtee-

139. Where by this Act an appeal to the High Court is given Appeal from against any decision of the Board of Trade, or of the official receiver, Board ofTrade the appeal shall be brought within twenty-one days from the time 0 s 0 when the decision appealed against is pronounced or made.

140. (£.)' All documents purporting to be orders or certificates Proceedings of made or issued by the' Board of Trade, and to be sealed with the Board ofTrade. seal of the Board, or to be signed by a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board, shall be received in evidence, and deemed

to be such orders or certificates without further proof unless the contrary is shown.

.ff (2.) A certificate signed by the President of the Board of Trade that any order made, certificate issued, or act done, is the order, certificate, or act of the Board of Trade shall be conclusive evidence of the fact sb certified.

. Time.

141. (li)? Where by this Act any limited time from or after any Computation of date or event is appointed or allowed for the doing of any act or the time> taking of any proceeding, then in the computation of that limited tiine rife same shall be taken as exclusive of the day of that date or of the: happening of that event, and as commencing at the beginning of the next following day; and the act or proceeding shall be done or taken at latest on the last day of that limited time as so computed, unless the last day is a Sunday, Christmas Day Good Eriday, or Monday or Tuesday in Easter Week, or a day appointed for public fast, humiliation, or thanksgiving, or a day on winch the .Court does not sit, in which case any act or proceeding shall be considered as done or taken in due time if it is done or taken on the next day afterwards, which shall not be one of the days in this

Secrioii specified. " iv&bx*. . . V" '

(2.) Where by this Act any act or proceeding is directed to be done Or taken on a certain day, then if that day happens to be one of the days in this section specified, the act or proceeding shall be considered as done or taken in due time if it is done or taken on the

334 Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 VICT

next day afterwards, which shall not be one of the days in this section specified.

Notices.

Service of 142. All notices and other documents for the service of which no notices. special mode is directed may be sent by prepaid post letter to the last known address of the person to be served therewith.

Formal Defects.

Formal defect 143. (1.) No proceeding in bankruptcy shall be invalidated by dateprocasd- any formal defect or by any irregularity, unless the court before ings. which an objection is made to the proceeding is of opinion that sub-

stantial injustice has been caused by the defect or irregularity, and that the injustice cannot be remedied by any order of that court.

(2.) No defect or irregularity in the appointment or election of a receiver, trustee, or member of a committee of inspection shall vitiate any act done by him in good faith.

Stamp Duty.

deTdP&°\om 144. Every deed, conveyance, assignment, surrender, admission, stamp duty. or other assurance relating solely to freehold, leasehold, copyhold, or customary property, or to any mortgage, charge, or other incumbrance on, or any estate, right, or interest in any real or personal property which is part of the estate of any bankrupt, and which, after the execution of the deed, conveyance, assignment, surrender, admission, or other assurance, either at law or in equity, is or remains the estate of the bankrupt or of the trustee under the bankruptcy, and every power of attorney, proxy paper, writ, order, certificate, affidavit, bond, or other instrument or writing relating solely to the property of any bankrupt, or to any proceeding under any bankruptcy, shall be exempt from stamp duty, except in respect of fees under this Act.

Executions.

Sales under 145. Where the sheriff sells the goods of a debtor under an execu-le^uMic810 ^0n ^or a sum exceeding twenty pounds (including legal incidental pu IC' expenses), the sale shaft, unless the court from which the process * issued otherwise orders, be made by public auction, and not by bill of sale or private contract, and shaft be publicly advertised by the sheriff on and during three days next preceding the day of sale.

Writ of elegit 146. (1.) The sheriff shall not under a writ of elegit deliver the

not to extend g00(js of a debtor nor shall a writ of elegit extend to goods.

(2.) No writ of levari facias shall hereafter be issued in any civil proceeding.

Bamkrupt Trustee.

Application of 147. Where a bankrupt is a trustee within the Trustee Act, 1850, 'b*6^ctto section thirty-two of that Act shall have effect so as to authorise tru&tee.P 7 ° the appointment of a new trustee in substitution for the bankrupt (whether voluntarily resigning or not), if it appears expedient to do so, and aft provisions of that Act, and of any other Act relative thereto, shaft have effect accordingly.

Corporations, <Ssc.

Acting of cor- 148. Eor all or any of the purposes of this Act a corporation may Rers,8 &c. any of its officers authorised in that behalf under the seal of

335

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

the corporation, a firm may act by any of its members, and a lunatic may act by his committee or curator bonis.

Construction of former Acts, &c.

149. (1.) Where in any Act of Parliament, instrument, or pro- Construction ceeding passed, executed, or taken before the commencement of this °.f Acts men' Act mention is made of a commission of bankruptcy or fiat in bank- mission of" ruptcy, the same shall be construed, with reference to the proceedings bankruptcy, under a bankruptcy petition, as if a commission of or a fiat in bank- &c* ruptcy had been actually issued at the time of the presentation of

such petition.

(2.) Where by any Act or instrument, reference is made to the Bankruptcy Act, 1869, the Act or instrument shall be construed and have effect as if reference were made therein to the corresponding provisions of this Act.

150. Save as herein provided the provisions of this Act relating Centain proto the remedies against the property of a debtor, the priorities of ^10^0t^n1)ind debts, the effect of a composition or scheme of arrangement, and the 4 e r0Tra' effect of a discharge shall bind the Crown.

151. Nothing in this Act, or in any transfer of jurisdiction effected Saving for thereby shall take away or affect any right of audience that any oFauSencf. person may have had at the commencement of this Act, and all solicitors or other persons who had the right of audience before the

Chief Judge in Bankruptcy shall have the like right of audience in bankruptcy matters in the High Court.

152. Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of the Mar- Married

ried Women's Property Act, 1882. women.

Transitory Provisions.

153. (1.) The existing comptroller in bankruptcy and his officers, clerks, and servants shall not be attached to the Supreme Court, but shall in all respects act under the directions of the Board of Trade.

(2.) The existing official assignee, provisional and official assignee of the estates and effects of insolvent debtors, and receiver of the Insolvent Debtors' Court, together with his staff, the official solicitors and the messenger in bankruptcy, together with his staff, and the accountant in bankruptcy and his staff, and also such other officers and clerks of the London Bankruptcy Court as the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of the Board of Trade, may at any time select, shall be transferred to and become officers of the Board of Trade; provided that the Board of Trade, with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, may at any time transfer any such officer or clerk from the Board of Trade to the Supreme Court.

(3.) Subject to the provisions of this Act they shall hold their offices by the same tenure and on the same terms and conditions, and be entitled to the same rights in respect of salary and pension as heretofore, and their duties shall, except so far as altered with their own consent, be such as in the opinion of the Board of Trade are analogous to those performed by them at the commencement of this Act.

(4.) On the occurrence, at any time after the passing of this Act, of any vacancy in the office of any of the said persons the Board of Trade may, with the approval of the Treasury, make such arrange-

Comptroller of bankruptcy,

&c. and their staff.

336

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

ment as they think fit, either for the abolition of the office, or for its continuance under modified conditions, and may appoint a fit person to perform the remaining duties thereof, and the person so appointed shall have all the powers and authorities of the person who is at the passing of this Act the holder of such office; and all estates, rights, and effects vested at the time of the vacancy in any such officer shall by virtue of such appointment become vested in the person so appointed, and the like appointment on a vacancy shall be made, and the like vesting shall have effect from time to time as occasion requires: Provided that any person so appointed shall be an officer of the Board of Trade, and shall in all respects act under the directions of the Board of Trade.

(o.) The Board of Trade may, with the approval of the Lord Chancellor, from time to time direct that any duties or functions, not of a judicial character, relating to any bankruptcies, insolvencies, or other proceedings under any Act prior to the Bankruptcy Act, 1869, which were, at the time of the passing of this Act, performed or exercised by registrars of county courts, shall devolve on and be performed by the official receiver, and thereupon all powers aud authorities of the registrar, and all estates, rights, and effects vested in the registrar shall become vested in the official receiver.

Power to 154. (1.) If the Lord Chancellor is of opinion that any office

abolish existing attached to the London Bankruptcy Court at the passing of this Act is unnecessary, he may, with the concurrence of the Treasury, at any time after the passing of this Act, abolish the office.

(2.) The Treasury may, ou the petition of any person whose office or employment is abolished by or under this Act, on the commencement of this Act or on any other event, inquire whether any, and if any, what compensation ought to be made to the petitioner, regard being had to the conditions on which his appointment was made, the nature of his office or employment, and the duration of his service; and if they think that his claim to compensation is established, may award to him, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, such compensation, by annuity or otherwise, as under the circumstances of the case they think just and reasonable.

(3.) The Board of Trade may, under the like conditions and on the like terms, abolish any of the offices in the last preceding section mentioned.

Performance of 155. (1.) The Lord Chancellor or Board of Trade may, at any

new duties by time after the passing of this Act appoint any person whose office offices areh°Se is abolished under this Act to some other office under this Act, the abolished. duties of which he is in the opinion of the Lord Chancellor or Board competent to perform. Provided that the person so appointed shall during his tenure of the new office receive an amount of a-nniml remuneration which, together with the compensation for the loss of the abolished office, is not less than the emoluments of the abolished office.

(2.) When, after the commencement of this Act, any officer is continued in the performance of any duties relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, under any previous Act, the Lord Chancellor, or, as the case may be, the Board of Trade may order that such officer may, in addition to such duties, perform any analogous duties

337

188). Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

under this Act, without being entitled to receive any additional remuneration.

156. Every person appointed to any office or employment under Selection of this Act shall in the first instance be selected from the persons (if persons from any) whose office or employment is abolished under this Act, unless abolished in the opinion of the Lord Chancellor, or in the case of persons to offices.

be appointed by the Board of Trade, of that Board, none of such persons are fit for such office or employment: Provided that the person so appointed or employed shall during his tenure of the new office be entitled to receive an amount of remuneration which, together with the compensation (if any) for loss of the abolished office, shall be not less than the emolument of the abolished office.

157. If any person to whom a compensation annuity is granted Acceptance of under this Act accepts any public employment, he shall, during the j^]C|)emi)loy" continuance of that employment, receive only so much (if any) of ^nuitMts. that annuity as, with the remuneration of that employment, will

amount to a sum not exceeding the salary or emoluments in respect of the loss whereof the annuity was awarded, and if the remuneration of that employment is equal to or greater than such salary or emoluments the annuity shall be suspended so long as he receives that remuneration.

158. The registrars, clerks, and other persons holding their offices Superannua-at the passing of this Act who may be continued in their offices, tion of reSi8-shall, on their retirement therefrom, be allowed such superannuation trars' °'

as they would have been entitled to receive if this Act had not been passed, and they had continued in their offices under the existing Acts.

159. In every liquidation by arrangement under the Bankruptcy Transfer of Act, 1869, pending at the commencement of this Act, if at any time estates on after the commencement of this Act there is no trustee acting in office^ftrus-the liquidation by reason of death, or for any other cause, such of tee in liquida-the official receivers of bankrupts estates as is appointed by the tion under the‘ Board of Trade for that purpose shall become and be the trustee in

the liquidation, and the property of the liquidating debtor shall pass to and vest in him accordinglybut this provision shall not prejudice the right of the creditors in the liquidation to appoint a new trustee, in manner directed by the Bankruptcy Act, 1869, or the rules thereunder; and on such appointment the property of the liquidating debtor shall pass to and vest in the new trustee.

The provisions of this Act with respect to the duties and responsibilities of and accounting by a trustee in a bankruptcy under this Act shall apply, as nearly as may be, to a trustee acting under the provisions of this section.

160. Where a bankruptcy or liquidation by arrangement under Transfer of the Bankruptcy Act, 1869, has been or is hereafter closed, any outstanding property of the bankrupt or liquidating debtor which vested in the cio^ofbank-trustee and has not been realised or distributed shall vest in such ruptcy or person as may be appointed by the Board of Trade for that purpose, liquidation, and he shall thereupon proceed to get in, realise, and distribute the property in like manner and with and subject to the like powers

and obligations as far as applicable, as if the bankruptcy or liquidation were continuing, and he were acting as trustee thereunder.

Y

338

Ch. 52.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

Transfer of estates from registrars of London Court to official receiver.

161. In every bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Act, 1869, pending at the commencement of this Act, where a registrar of the London Bankruptcy Court or of any county court is or would hereafter but for this enactment become the trustee under the bankruptcy, such of the official receivers of bankrupts estates as may be appointed by the Board of Trade for that purpose shall from and after the commencement of this Act be the trustee in the place of the registrar, and the property of the bankrupt shall pass to and vest in the official receiver accordingly.

Unclaimed Funds or Dividends.

Unclaimed and 162. (1.) Where the trustee, under any bankruptcy, composition dhddenfco^ or sc>I)Leme pursuant to this Act,shall have under his control any funds under unclaimed dividend which has remained unclaimed for more than this and former six months, or where, after making a final dividend, such trustee Acts.' shall have in his hands or under his control any unclaimed or

undistributed moneys arising from the property of the debtor, he shall forthwith pay the same to the Bankruptcy Estates Account at the Bank of England. The Board of Trade shall furnish him with a certificate of receipt of the money so paid, which shall be an effectual discharge to him in respect thereof.

(2.) (a.) Where, after the passing of this Act, any unclaimed or undistributed funds or dividends in the hands or under the control of any trustee or other person empowered to collect, receive/'or distribute any funds or dividends under any Act of Parliament mentioned in the Fourth Schedule, or any petition, resolution, deed, or other proceeding under or in pursuance of any such Act, have remained or remain unclaimed or undistributed for six months-after the same became claimable or distributable, or in any other case for two years after the receipt thereof by such trustee or other person, it shall be the duty of such trustee or other person forthwith to pay the same to the: Bankruptcy Estates Account at the Bank of England. The Board of Trade shall furnish such trustee or other person with a certificate of receipt of the money so paid, which shall be an effectual discharge .to him- in. respect thereof, r

(6.) The Board of Trade may at any time order any such trustee or other person to submit to them an account verified by affidavit of the sums received and paid by him under or in pursuance of any such petition, resolution, deed, or other proceeding as aforesaid, and may direct, and enforce an audit of the account.

(c.) The Board of Trade, with the concurrence of the Treasury, may from time to time appoint a person to collect and get in all such unclaimed or undistributed funds or dividends, and for the purposes of this section any court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy shall have and at the instance of the person so appointed, or of the Board of Trade, may exercise all the powers conferred by this Act with respect to rthe discovery and realisation of the property of a debtor, and the provisions of Part I. of this Act with respect thereto shall, with, any necessary modifications, apply to proceedings under this section.

(3.) The provisions of this section shall not, except as expressly declared herein, deprive any person of any larger or other right or remedy to which he may be entitled against such trustee or other person.

1883.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52. 339

(4.) Any person claiming to be entitled to any moneys paid in to the Bankruptcy Estates Account pursuant to this section may apply to the Board of Trade for payment to him of the same, and the Board of Trade, if satisfied that the person claiming is entitled, shall make an order for the payment to such person of the sum due.

Any person dissatisfied with the decision of the Board of Trade in respect of his claim may appeal to the High Court.

(5.) The Board of Trade may at any time after the passing of this Act open the account at the Bank of England referred to in this Act as the Bankruptcy Estates Account.

Punishment of Fraudulent Debtors,

163. (1.) Sections eleven and twelve of the Debtors Act, 1869, of

relating to the punishment of fraudulent debtors and imposing a visions1^? penalty for absconding with property, shall have effect as if there 32 & 33 Vict. were substituted therein for the words " if after the presentation of c- |gt0.

" a bankruptcy petition against him," the words, " if after the debtors, &<L " presentation of a bankruptcy petition by or against him."

(2.) The provisions of the Debtors Act, 1869, as to offences by bankrupts shall apply to any person whether a trader or' not in respect of whose estate a receiving order has been made as if the term " bankrupt '' in that Act included a person in respect of whose estate a receiving order had been made.

164. Section sixteen of the Debtors Act, 1869, shall be construed Power for and have effect as if .the term " a trustee in any bankruptcy " irieluded'the official receiver of a bankrupt's estate, and shall apply report of

to offences under this Act as well as to offences under the Debtors official receiver. Act, 1869.

165. (1.) Where there is, in the opinion of the Court, ground to Power for believe that the bankrupt or any other person has been guilty'of Court to ?om* any offence which is by statute made a misdemeanor in eases ofmi or na * bankruptcy, the Court may commit the bankrupt or such other

person for trial.

(2.) For the purpose of committing the bankrupt or such other person for trial the Court shall have all the powers of a stipendiary magistrate as to taking depositions, binding over witnesses to appear, admitting the . accused to bail, or otherwise.

Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed as derogating from the powers or jurisdiction of the High Court.

166. Where the Court orders the prosecution of any person for Public Prose-any offence under the Debtors Act, 1869, or Acts amending it, or for cer^n°casLm any offence arising out of or connected with any bankruptcy proceedings, it shall be the duty of the Director of Public Prosecutions toynstitute and carry on the prosecution.

167. Where a debtor has been guilty of any criminal offence he Criminal shall not be exempt from being proceeded against therefor by reason

that he has obtained his discharge or that a composition or scheme composition, of arrangement has been accepted or approved. jg

Interpretation.

168. (1.) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires — interpretation . ‘‘The Court" means the Court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy of terms.

under this Act:

2

338 Ch. 52. ' Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict. |

Transfer Of 161. In every bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Act, 1809,-estates from pen8ing at the commencement of this Act, where a registrar, of the -SdraCourt London Bankruptcy Court or of any county court is or would hereto official after hut for this enactment become the trustee under the bank-1

ruptcy, such of the official receivers of bankrupts estates as may be appointed ,by the Board of Trade for that purpose shall from and; after the commencement of this Act be the trustee in the place of the registrar, and'the-property of the bankrupt shall pass to and -vest in the official receiver accordingly.

Umlo/imed Funds or Dividends.

Unclaimed and 162. (1.) Where the trustee, under any bankruptcy, composition, dMden^of or scheme pursuant to this Act, shall have under his control-any funds Tinder unclaimed ^dividend which has. remained unclaimed for, more than r this and former six months> or. where, after, making a final dividend, such trustee Acts. shall have in his hands or under his control any unclaimed or -

undistributed moneys arising from the property of the debtor, he shall forthwith .pay the same., to the Bankruptcy Estates Account at the Bank of England. The Board - of Trade shall furnish him with a certificate of receipt,of..the money so paid, which,shall be. an effectual discharge to him in respect thereof.

(2.),(«.) Where, after - the passing, of. this Act, any unclaimed or undistributed funds or dividends in .the. hands or under the control $ of any trustee or mother person: empowered* to collect,: receive, P or distribute any funds- or, dividends under any Act of (Parliament» mentioned in the Fourth Schedule; or any petition, resolutien, deed, or other proceeding under or in pursuance of any such Act, have remained or remain unclaimed or undistributed for six months-after the same became claimable or distributable, or in any other case for two years after the receipt thereof by, such^trustee or other person,. it shall he. the. duty of such trustee, or^ other person, forthwith to pay the samevtother Bankruptcy Estates Account at , the Bank of England. The Board of Trade shall furnish, such trustee or other person withr a certificate of. receipt of the money so paid, which shall be anreffectual discharge .to, hunrin.respect thereof.:$

(6.) The Board of, Trade may at any time order any such trustee or other, person to submit tojtheman account verified by affidavit of the sums,.received and paid, by him:, under or in pursuance of any such petition, resolution, depd, or other proceeding as aforesaid,j and may direct, and epfoqce an ap4it of the .account.

(c.) The Board of Trade, with the- concurrence of the Treasury, may from time to time appoint a person to collect and get ? in all such unclaimed or undistributed funds or dividends, and for the purposes of this section any court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy shall have, and at - the, instance of the person so appointed, or of the Bpard of Trade,.may?exercise all the powers conferred by this Act with respect to rthe discovery and realisation of the property of a debtor, and the provisions of Part i, of this Act with respect thereto shall, with any necessary modifications, apply to proceedings under, this section.

. (3.) The provisions of this section shall, not; except as expressly declared herein, deprive any person of any larger or other right 'or remedy to which he may he entitled against such trustee or other person.

339

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. Ch. 52.

' ,(4.) Any person claiming to be entitled to any moneys paid in to the Bankruptcy Estates Account pursuant to this section may apply to the Board of Trade for payment to him of the same, and the Board of Trade, if satisfied that the person claiming is entitled, shall make an order for the payment to such person of the sum due.

Any person dissatisfied with the decision of the Board of Trade in respect of his claim may appeal to the High Court.

(5.) The Board of Trade may at any time after the passing of this Act open the account at the Bank of England referred to in this Act as the Bankruptcy Estates Account.

. Py/n/ishmeui of Fraudulent Debtors.

183.: (1.) Sections eleven and twelve of the Debtors Act, 1869, E^nsion relating to the punishment of fraudulent debtors and imposing a ^onsof" penalty for absconding with property, shall have effect as if there 32 & 33 Vict. were substituted therein for the words "if after the presentation of c* ®2:

"^a bankruptcy petition against him," the words, "if after the debtors,1^.

" presentation of a bankruptcy petition by or against him/'

;(2.) The provisions of the Debtors Act, 1869, as to offences by bankrupts shall apply to any person whether a trader or* not in respect of whose estate a receiving order has been made as if the term bankrupt" in that A^t included a person in respect of whose estate a-receiving order had been made.

164. -Section sixteen of the Debtors Act, 1869, shall be construed Power for and have effect as- if .the term "a trustee in any bankruptcy" pro^tion^n included the official receiver, of a bankrupt's estate, and shall apply report of

to offences under this Act as well as to offences under the Debtors official receiver. Act, 1869.

165. (1.) Where there is; in the opinion of the Court,'ground to Power for bglieye-<that the bankrupt or any other person has been guilty'of Court to com-any offence which is by statute made a misdemeanor in cases of for triaI. bankruptcy, the Court may commit the bankrupt or such other

person ft>r, trial.

(2.) For the purpose of committing the bankrupt 1 car such other person for trial the Court, shall have all - the powers of a stipendiary magistrate as to taking depositions, binding overt witnesses to appear, admitting the;aecused to bail, or otherwise.- Mj ^Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed) as derogating from the powers, or jurisdiction of the High Court : j

166. Where the Court orders the prosecution of any person for Public Prose-any offence under the Debtors Act, 1869, or Acts amending it, or for cerSncases?1 any offence arising out of or connected with any bankruptcy proceedings, it shall be the duty of the Director of Public Prosecutions to'instifcute and carry on the prosecution.

167. Where a debtor has been guilty of any criminal offence he Criminal

shall] net be exempt from being proceeded against therefor by reason ^cha^e that he has obtained his discharge or that a composition or scheme composition, of arrangement has been accepted or approved.: jg

Interpretation.

168. (h) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires — interpretation; "The Court;" means the Court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy of terms.

under this Act:

2

338

Ch. 52.

Transfer of estates from registrars of London Court to official receiver.

Unclaimed and undistributed dividends or funds binder this and former Acts.-

P Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

161. In every bankruptcy under the Bankruptcy Act, 1869, -pending at the commencement of this Act, where a registrar- of the London Bankruptcy Court or of any county court is or would hereafter but for this enactment become the trustee under the bankruptcy, such of the official receivers of bankrupts estates as may be appointed ,by the Board of Trade for that purpose shall from and after the commencement of this Act be the trustee in the place of the registrar; and'the-property of the bankrupt shall pass to and vest in the official receiver accordingly.

Uitelqi/med Funds or Dividends.

162. (1.) Where the trustee, under any bankruptcy, composition or scheme, pursuant to this Apt, shall have under his controls any unclaimed .dividend which has.- remained unclaimed for, more than six months, or where, after, making a final dividend, such trustee shall have , in his hands or under his control -any unclaimed or undistributed moneysarising from the property of the debtor, he shall forthwithrpay the same..,to the Bankruptcy Estates Account at the Bank of England. The Board- of- Trade shall furnish him with a certificate - of receiptor the money) so paid, which, shall be< an effectual discharge to him in respect thereof.

(2,),(a.) Where, #fter - the passing,-of this>Actj.any unclaimed, or undistributed funds or dividends in the hands or under the,control of any trustee or other person i empowered to collect, receive, nor distribute any funds- or, dividends under any Act of' Parliament| mentioned in the Fourth Schedule; any- petition, resolutiem deed,

or other proceeding under or in pursuance of any such-,Act,-have remained, or remain unclaimed or undistributed for six months-after the same-became claimable or distributable, or in any other'case for two years after the receipt thereof by such,trustee or other person^ it shall be the, duty of such trustee or pother person, forthwith to, pay the same- to- the; Bankruptcy- Estates Account ah the Bank of Engla-nd. The Board, of. Trade shall furnish such trustee or other, person with a certificate of*receipt of.- the money so paid, which -shall be an,effectual discharge.to him in respect thereof., r-. ;T.

(6,) The Board of, Trade may at any time order any such trustee or other person, to submit to|thern ;an account verified by affidavit of the sums receive^,apd paid by him .under or in pursuance of any such petition, resolution, deed, or nther proceeding as aforesaid,! and may direct, and enforce an audit of the,account.

. (c.) The Board of Trade, with the, concurrence of the Treasury, may from time to. time appoint a person to collect and get 3 in all such unclaimed or undistributed funds or dividends, and for the. purposes of this section any court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy ah all have! and at. the instance of the person so appointed, or of the Board of.Tracle,may -exercise .all f the powers- conferred by this Act with respect to the .discovery and realisation of the property of a , debtor, and the provisions of Part I. of this Act with respect thereto shall,: with, any necessary modifications, apply to proceeds mgs under this section,

.r(3.) The provisions of this, section shall not; except as expressly declared.herein, deprive any person of any larger or other right or remedy to which he may be entitled against such trustee or other person.

1883.

339

\Banhruptcy Act, 1888. Ch. 52.1

Any person claiming to be entitled to any moneys paid in to the Bankruptcy Estates Account pursuant to this section may apply to the Board. of Trade for payment to him of the same, and the. Board of Trade, if satisfied that the person claiming is entitled, shall make an order for the payment to such person of the sum due.

Any person dissatisfied with the decision of the Board of Trade in respect of his claim may appeal to the High Court.

(5.) The Board of Trade may at any time after the passing of this Act open the account at the Bank of England referred to in this Act as the Bankruptcy Estates Account.

Pwnishmerd of Fraudulent Debtors.

103. (1.) Sections eleven and twelve of the Debtors Act, 1869, Extension of relating to the punishment of fraudulent debtors and imposing a ^ions of" penalty for absconding with property, shall have effect as if there 32 & 38 Vict. wvere substituted therein for the words " if after the presentation of c* to.

"ha bankruptcy petition against him," the words, "if after the debtoX&c- presentation of a bankruptcy petition by or against him."

The provisions of the Debtors Act, 1869, as to offences by bankrupts shall apply to any person whether a trader or' not in respect of whose estate a receiving order has been made as if the term "< bankrupt " in that Act included a person in respect of whose estate a [receiving order had been made.

,164. Section sixteen of the Debtors Act, 1869, shall be construed Power for apdohaVQreffect ast if .the term "a trustee in any bankruptcy" ^onon inaludedithe official receiver, of a bankrupt's estate, and shall apply report of to offences under this Act as well as to offences under the Debtors officiaireceiyer. Act, 1869. '

165. $1.) Where there is, in the opinion of the Court, ground to Power for believe-that the bankrupt or any other person has been guilty'of Court to com-any offence which is , by'statute made a misdemeanor in cases of for tria,‘ bankruptcy, the Court may commit the bankrupt or such other person ibr-tidal.

(£) For the purpose of committing the bankrupt , or such other person-for trial the Court , shall have all the powers of a stipendiary magistrate as to taking depositions, binding over witnesses to appear, admitting the ^accused to hail, or otherwise.

Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed-as derogating from the,powers, or jurisdiction-of the High Court .166. Where the Court prders the prosecution of any person for Public Prose-any offence under - the Debtors Act, 1869, or Acts amending it, or for

Vv* I#* i _ . _ ,o bcridiu cases.

any offence arising out of or connected with any bankruptcy proceedings, it shall be the duty of the Director of Public Prosecutions to'institute and carry on the prosecution.

167. Where a debtor has been guilty of any criminal offence he Criminal shall} n<?tjb.e exempt from being proceeded against therefor by reason that he has obtained his discharge or that a composition or scheme -composition, of arrangement has been accepted or approved. jg

Interpretation.

-168. (lv) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires — interpretation

j The Cpurt " means the Court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy of terms, under this Act:

2

£Jh, 52. Bo/tikruiptcy Act, 1888. 46 & 47 Vftjtf.

g[ " AffidavitH includes statutory! declarations, affirmations, and - attestations on honour:

"Available act of bankruptcy" means any act of bankruptcy available for a bankruptcy petition at the date of the presents*

tion of the petition on which the receiving order is made:$

A ‘('Debt'provable in bankruptcy Jf-or "provable debt " includes any i ' ;debt or Mability'byi this Act made provable in bankruptcy:

" Gazetted " means published in the London Gazette :* '

General rulek" inelude forms': -: " Gooda" includes all chattels personal: i;

"High/Courtmeans Her Majesty's High Court of Justice:

-Local bank " means any 'bank in or in theneighbourhood 'bfthe ' bankruptcy district in which the -proceedings are taken : >/l ,I uf*iOath'"l inolbdes affirmation,statutory declaration, and attestation

on'hqnOurb' . fcidi if es -

i1 fif-Ordinary resolution " means/ a resolution decided by/ a majority Ii:>A in' yaluenf1 tba/creditors- present/ pei^onally nor by * prosy,1 'at'' a i; meeting of 'ereditors and voting on the restslution : 1

<<: } Person "iincludes r& body <:of personsicorporate or unincorporated " Prescribed " " means prescribed bys 'general! rules vrit&in/'tihe 1 meaning of this Act:: b j - Property" includes money, goods, things/ in; action,-land/and every description of property, whether real or personal and whether situate in Hdglamd or elsewhere; also, obligations, easements, and every description of estate, interest and profit, present or future; vested' biJ tSontiligent, arising out of or incident to property as above , defined:$

" Resolution" means brdihary resolution i'

: " Secured; cfoditor m' xhbans d1 person folding a mortgage charge or lien on the property of the debtor, oi any1 part therddf. ak a security for a debt due to him from the debtor:

Schedule | means schedule tp this. Act:

" Sheriff " includes any officer charged with the execution of a writ or other process: r'«^:Special resolution" "'means a resolution decided byt a majority in number and" three fourths in "value‘>of the Creditors prbteent, " personally or by proxy/at a meeting -of ereditdrs'and' Votifig dn the resolution: '

*. "'Treasury " means the Coffimissibners'of Hfer Majesty's Treasury: r," .paejELTLS the^tjepstee in bankruptcy 'of a debtor's estate, (2.) The schedules to this Act shall be Construed and have effect as partc'Ofil^iiaiAct. »< .. . ! ,

SB g

jPg11 169; (1.) The enactments described in the ‘ Fifth1 Schedhle1 are

* ' hereby repealed as foote the Cdnrmencement' df this* Act to the bkteiit

mentioned in that Schedule.

(2.) The repeal effected by this Act shall not affect — l&pfc)1 anything done or suffered before the commencement of this Act under any enactment repealed by this, Act; nor I (&>) any right or privilege acquired, or duty- imposed, or liability or disqualification incurred; under any enactment so repealed;

"''' nor' BHu IH - A HH

341

1(883. . Bankruptcy Act, 1883. @h. 52.

tbfa), any fine, forfeiture, or; other punishment incurred or to be incurred in respect of any offence committed or to be committed against any enactment so repealed; nor , f }(pL) the institution or continuance of any proceeding or other remedy, whether under any enactment so repealed, or otherwise, for ascertaining any such liability or disqualification, or /enforcing or recovering any such fine, forfeiture, or punishment, as aforesaid.

(3.) Notwithstanding the repeal effected by this Act, the proceedings under any bankruptcy petition, liquidation by arrangement, or composition with creditors under the Bankruptcy Act, '1869,

.pending at the commencement of this Act shall, except so far as any provision of this Act is expressly applied to pending proceedings, continue, and jail the provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1869, shall, except as aforesaid, apply thereto, as if this Act had not passed.

170. After the passing of this Act no composition or liquidation Proceedings by arrangement under sections 125 and 126 of the Bankruptcy Act, under 1869, shall be entered'into or allowed without the sanction of the court or .registrar having jurisdiction in the matter; such sanction 12s. shall not be granted-unless the composition or liquidation appears to the court or registrar to be reasonable and calculated to benefit the general body of creditors.

SCHEDULES.

THE EHtST SCHEDULE. ' ‘ '7' Section 15.

MEEJCIJiaS of Creditors.

-jo 4^‘jTbo first meeting of creditors, shall be summoned, for. a day not later jthxud^fourteen days after: the date of the; receiving order, unless the; Court for any special reasoq deem it expedient that the meeting be summoned for a later day.

r 2. The official receiver sharfsutdmdn* thC meeting16^ jgiving'UOt less than ^dVehddy&'hht'icebf thCtiinfe Mid'place thereof in the London Gazette and in a local paper.

v 3oThe official receiver shall also, as soon as practicable* send to each creditor mentioned in the debtor's statement of affairs, a notice of the time and, plaeefpf-thaffirst meeting of .creditors, accompanied by a summary of cthe debtor's statement of affairs, including the causes of his failime})ahd any; Qb^rYa,tions therepu,-which, the official receiver may think, fit to make; but the proceedings at the first meeting shall hot be invalidated by reason of any'such hotic^ or sumhattity hot having be'eri: sent oir'"recbiveil before the meeting.'1

4. The meeting shall be held at such place as is iii the opinion of' the official receiver most convenient for the-,majority of the creditors.

5. The official receiver or the trustee may at any time summon'a meeting of creditors,-'and shall; do tso whenever so directed by the Court, pr so .requested in writing .by one fourth in value of the creditors.

H Meetings subsequent to the first meeting shall be summoned by sending notice of the time and place thereof to each creditor at the address given in his proof, or if he has hot proved, at the address given in the debtor's statement of affairs, or at such other address as may be known to the person summoning the meeting;

7. The official receiver, or some person nominated by him, shall be the chairman at the first meeting. The chairman at subsequent meetings shall be such person as the meeting by resolution appoint.

Ch. 52. Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

8. A person shall not be entitled to vote as a creditor at the first or any other meeting of creditors unless he has duly proved a debt provable in bankruptcy to be due to him from the debtor, and the proof has been duly lodged before the time appointed for the meeting.

9. A creditor shall not vote at any such meeting in respect of any unliquidated or contingent debt, or any debt the value of which is not ascertained.

10. For the purpose of voting, a secured creditor shall, unless he surrenders his security, state in his proof the particulars of his security, the date when it was given, and the value at which he assesses it, and shall be entitled to vote only in respect of the balance (if any) due to him, after deducting the value of his security. If he votes in respect of his whole debt he shall be deemed to have surrendered his security unless the Court on application is satisfied that the omission to value the security has arisen from inadvertence.

11. A creditor shall not vote in respect of any debt on or secured by a current bill of exchange or promissory note held by him, unless he is willing to treat the liability to him thereon of every person who is liable thereon antecedently to the debtor, and against whom a receiving order has not been made, as a security in his hands, and to estimate the value thereof, and for the purposes of voting, but not [ for the purposes of dividend, to deduct it from his proof.

12. It shall be competent to the trustee or to the official receiver, within twenty-eight days after a proof estimating the value of a security as aforesaid has been made use of in voting at any meeting, to require the creditor to give up the security for the benefit of the creditors generally on payment of the value so estimated, with an addition thereto of twenty per centum. Provided, that where a creditor has put a value on such security, he may, at any time before he has been required to give up such security as aforesaid, correct such valuation by a new proof, and deduct such new value from his debt, but in that case such addition of twenty per centum shall not be made if the trustee requires the security to be given up.

13. If a receiving order is made against one partner of a firm, any creditor to whom that partner is indebted jointly with the other partners of the firm, or any of them, may prove his debt for the purpose of voting at any meeting of creditors, and shall be entitled to vote thereat.

14. The chairman of a meeting shall have power to admit or reject a proof for the purpose of voting, but his decision shall be subject to appeal to the Court. If he is in doubt whether the proof of a creditor should be admitted or rejected he shall mark the proof as objected to and shall allow the creditor to vote, subject to the vote being declared invalid in the event of the objection being sustained.

15. A creditor may vote either in person or by proxy.

16. Every instrument of proxy shall be in the prescribed form, and shall be issued by the official receiver, or, after the appointment of a trustee, by the trustee, and every insertion therein shall be in the handwriting of the person giving the proxy.

17. A creditor may give a general proxy to his manager or clerk, or any other person in his regular employment. In such case the instrument of proxy shall state the relation in which the person to act thereunder stands to the creditor.

18. A creditor may give a special pioxy to any person to vote at any specified meeting, or adjournment thereof, for or against any specific resolution, or for or against any specified person as trustee, or member of a committee of inspection.

19. A proxy shall not be used unless it is deposited with the official receiver or trustee before the meeting at which it is to be used.

20. Where it appears to the satisfaction of the Court that any solicitation has been used by or on behalf of a trustee or receiver in obtaining proxies,

1883. Bankruptcy Act, 1883, Ch. 52.

or in procuring the trusteeship or receivership, except by the direction of a meeting of creditors, the Court shall have power, if it think fit, to order that no remuneration shall be allowed to the person by whom or on whose behalf such solicitation may have been exercised, notwithstanding any resolution of the committee of inspection or of the creditors to the contrary.

21. A creditor may appoint the official receiver of the debtor's estate to act in manner prescribed as his general or special proxy.

22. The chairman of a meeting may, with the consent of the meeting, adjourn the meeting from time to time, and from place to place.

23. A meeting shall not be competent to act for any purpose, except the election of a chairman, the proving of debts, and the adjournment of the meeting, unless there are present, or represented thereat, at least three creditors, or all the creditors if their number does not exceed three.

24. If within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting a quorum of creditors is not present or represented, the meeting shall be adjourned to the same day in the following week at the same time and place, or to such other day as the chairman may appoint, not being le3S than seven or more than twenty-one days.

25. The chairman of every meeting shall cause minutes of the proceedings at: the meeting to be drawn up, and fairly entered in a book kept for that purpose, and the minutes shall be signed by him or by the chairman of the next ensuing metting.

26. No person acting either under a general or special proxy shall vote in favour of any resolution which would directly or indirectly place himself, his partner or employer, in a position to receive any remuneration out of the estate of the debtor otherwise than as a creditor rateably with the other creditors of the debtor. Provided that where any person holds special proxies to vote for the appointment of himself as trustee he may use the said proxies and vote accordingly.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 39.

Proof of Debts.

Proof in ordmary cases.

1. Every creditor shall prove his debt as soon as may be after the making of a receiving order.

2. A debt may be proved by delivering or sending through the post in a prepaid letter to the official receiver, or, if a trustee has been appointed, to the trustee, an affidavit verifying the debt.

3. The affidavit may be made by the creditor himself, or by some person authorised by or on behalf of the creditor. If made by a person so authorised it shall state his authority and means of knowledge.

4. The affidavit shall contain or refer to a statement of account showing the particulars of the debt, and shall specify the vouchers, if any, by which the same can be substantiated. The official receiver or trustee may at any time call for the production of the vouchers.

5. The affidavit shall state whether the creditor is or is not a secured creditor.

6. A creditor shall bear the cost of proving his debt, unless the Court otherwise specially orders.

7. Every creditor who has lodged a proof shall be entitled to see and examine the proofs of other creditors before the first meeting, and at all reasonable times.

8. A creditor proving his debt shall deduct therefrom all trade discounts, but lie shall not be compelled to deduct any discount, not exceeding five per centum on the net amount of his claim, which he may have agreed to allow for payment in cash.

Ch. 52.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

46 & 47 Vict.

Proof by secured Creditors.

9. If a secured creditor realises his security, he may prove for the balance due to him, after deducting the net amount realised.

10. If a secured creditor surrenders his security to the official receiver or trustee for the general benefit of the creditors, he may prove for his whole debt.

11. If a secured creditor does not either realise or surrender his security, he shall, before ranking for dividend, state in his proof the particulars of his security, the date when it was given, and the value at which he assesses it, and shall be entitled to receive a dividend only in respect of the balance due to him after deducting the value so assessed.

12. (a.) Where a security is so valued the trustee may at any time redeem it on payment to the creditor of the assessed value.

(b.) If the trustee is dissatisfied with the value at which a security is assessed, he may require that the property comprised in any security so valued be offered for sale at such times and on such terms and conditions as may be agreed on between the creditor and the trustee, or as, in default of such agreement, the Court may direct. If the sale be by public auction the creditor, or the trustee on behalf of the estate, may bid or purchase.

(e.) Provided that the creditor may at any time, by notice in writing, require the trustee to elect whether he will or will not exercise his power of redeeming the security or requiring it to be realised, and if the trustee does not, within six months after receiving the notice, signify in writing to the creditor his election to exercise the power, he shall not be entitled to exercise it; and the equity of redemption, or any other interest in the property comprised in the security which is vested in the trustee, shall vest in the creditor, and the amount of his debt shall be reduced by the amount at which the security has been valued.

13. Where a creditor has so valued his security, he may at any time amend the valuation and proof on showing to the satisfaction of the trustee, or the Court, that the valuation and proof were made bona fide on a mistaken estimate, or that the security has diminished or increased in value since its previous valuation; but every such amendment shall be made at the cost of the creditor, and upon such terms as the Court shall order, unless the trustee shall allow the amendment without application to the Court.

14. Where a valuation has been amended in accordance with the foregoing rule, the creditor shall forthwith repay any surplus dividend which he may have received in excess of that to which he would have been entitled on the amended valuation, or, as the case may be, shall be entitled to be paid out of any money for the time being available for dividend any dividend or share of dividend which he may have failed to receive by reason of the inaccuracy of the original valuation, before that money is made applicable to the payment of any future dividend, but he shall not be entitled to disturb the distribution of any dividend declared before the date of the amendment.

15. If a creditor after having valued his security subsequently realises it, or if it is realised under the provisions of Rule 12, the net amount realised shall be substituted for the amount of any valuation previously made by the creditor, and shall be treated in all respects as an amended valuation made by the creditor.

16. If a secured creditor does not comply with the foregoing rules he shall be excluded from all share in any dividend.

17. Subject to the provisions of Rule 12, a creditor shall in no case receive more than twenty shillings in the pound, and interest as provided by this Act.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

Ch. 52.

34

Proof in respect of Distinct Contracts.

18. If a debtor was at the date of the receiving order liable in respect of distinct contracts as a member of two or more distinct firms, or as a sole contractor, and also as member of a firm, the circumstance that the firms are in whole or in part composed of the same individuals, or that the sole contractor is also one of the joint contractors, shall not prevent proof in respect of the contracts, against the properties respectively liable on the contracts.

Periodical Payments.

19. When any rent or other payment falls due at stated periods, and the receiving order is made at any time other than one of those periods, the person entitled to the rent or payment may prove for a proportionate part thereof up to the date of the order as if the rent or payment grew due from day to day.

Interest.

20. On any debt or sum certain, payable at a certain time or otherwise, whereon interest is not reserved or agreed for, and which is overdue at the date of the receiving order and provable in bankruptcy, the creditor may prove for interest at a rate not exceeding four per centum per annum to the date of the order from the time when the debt or sum was payable, if the debt or sum is payable by virtue of a written instrument at a certain time, and if payable otherwise, then from the time when a demand in writing has been made giving the debtor notice that interest will be claimed from the date of the demand until the time of payment.

Debt payable at a future time.

21., A creditor may prove for a debt not payable when the debtor committed au act of bankruptcy as if it were payable presently, and may receive dividends equally with the other creditors, deducting only thereout a rebate of interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum computed from the declaration of a dividend to the time when the debt would have become payable, according to the terms on which it was contracted.

Admission or Rejection of Proofs.

22. The trustee shall examine every proof and the grounds of the debt, and in writing admit or reject it, in whole or in part, or require further evidence in support of it. If he rejects a proof he shall state in writing to the creditor the grounds of the rejection.

23. If the trustee thinks that a proof has been improperly admitted, the Court may, on the application of the trustee, after notice to the creditor who made the proof, expunge the proof or reduce its amount.

24. If a creditor is dissatisfied with the decision of the trustee in respect of a proof, the Court may, on the application of the creditor, reverse or vary the decision.

25. The Court .may also expunge or reduce a proof upon the application of a creditor if the trustee declines to interfere in the matter, or, in the case of a composition or scheme, upon the application of the debtor.

26. For the purpose of any of his duties in relation to proofs, the trustee may administer oaths and take affidavits.

27. The official receiver, before the appointment of a trustee, shall have all the powers of a trustee with respect to the examination, admission, and rejection of proofs, and any act or decision of his in relation thereto shall be subject to the like appeal.

Ch. 52.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

46 & 47 Vict.

Proof by secured Creditors.

9. If a secured creditor realises his security, he may prove for the balance due to him, after deducting the net amount realised.

10. If a secured creditor surrenders his security to the official receiver or trustee for the general benefit of the creditors, he may prove for his whole debt.

11. If a secured creditor does not either realise or surrender his security, he shall, before ranking for dividend, state in his proof the particulars of his security, the date when it was given, and the value at which he assesses it, and shall be entitled to receive a dividend only in respect of the balance due to him after deducting the value so assessed.

12. (a.) Where a security is so valued the trustee may at any time redeem it on payment to the creditor of the assessed value.

(b.) If the trustee is dissatisfied with the value at which a security is assessed, he may require that the property comprised in any security so valued be offered for sale at such times and on such terms and conditions as may be agreed on between the creditor and the trustee, or as, in default of such agreement, the Court may direct. If the sale be by public auction the creditor, or the trustee on behalf of the estate, may bid or purchase.

(c.) Provided that the creditor may at any time, by notice in writing, require the trustee to elect whether he will or will not exercise his power of redeeming the security or requiring it to be realised, and if the trustee does not, within six months after receiving the notice, signify in writing to the creditor his election to exercise the power, he shall not be entitled to exercise it; and the equity of redemption, or any other interest in the property comprised in the security which is vested in the trustee, shall vest in the creditor, and the amount of his debt shall be reduced by the amount at which the security has been valued.

13. Where a creditor has so valued his security, he may at any time amend the valuation and proof on showing to the satisfaction of the trustee, or the Court, that the valuation and proof were made bona fide on a mistaken estimate, or that the security has diminished or increased in value since its previous valuation; but every such amendment shall be made at the cost of the creditor, and upon such terms as the Court shall order, unless the trustee shall allow the amendment without application to the Court.

14. Where a valuation has been amended in accordance with the foregoing rule, the creditor shall forthwith repay any surplus dividend which he may have received in excess of that to which he would have been entitled on the amended valuation, or, as the case may be, shall be entitled to be paid out of any money for the time being available for dividend any dividend or share of dividend which he may have failed to receive by reason of the inaccuracy of the original valuation, before that money is made applicable to the payment of any future dividend, but he shall not be entitled to disturb the distribution of any dividend declared before the date of the amendment.

15. If a creditor after having valued his security subsequently realises it, or if it is realised under the provisions of Rule 12, the net amount realised shall be substituted for the amount of any valuation previously made by the creditor, and shall be treated in all respects as an amended valuation made by the creditor.

16. If a secured creditor does not comply with the foregoing rules he shall be excluded from all share in any dividend.

17. Subject to the provisions of Rule 12, a creditor shall in no case receive more than twenty shillings in the pound, and interest as prov ided by this Act.

1883.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

Ch. 52.

34

Proof in respect of Distinct Contracts.

18. If a debtor was at the date of the receiving order liable in respect of distinct contracts as a member of two or more distinct firms, or as a sole contractor, and also as member of a firm, the circumstance that the firms are in whole or in part composed of the same individuals, or that the sole contractor is also one of the joint contractors, shall not prevent proof in respect of the contracts, against the properties respectively liable on the contracts.

Periodical Payments.

19. When any rent or other payment falls due at stated periods, and the receiving order is made at any time other than one of those periods, the person entitled to the rent or payment may prove for a proportionate part thereof up to the date of the order as if the rent or payment grew due from day to day.

Interest.

20. On any debt or sum certain, payable at a certain time or otherwise, whereon interest is not reserved or agreed for, and which is overdue at the date of the receiving order and provable in bankruptcy, the creditor may prove for interest at a rate not exceeding four per centum per annum to the date of the order from the time when the debt or sum was payable, if the debt or sum is payable by virtue of a written instrument at a certain time, and if payable otherwise, then from the time when a demand in writing has been made giving the debtor notice that interest will be claimed from the date of the demand until the time of payment.

Debt payable at a fvture time.

21. A creditor may prove for a debt not payable when the debtor committed an act of bankruptcy as if it were payable presently, and may receive dividends equally with the other creditors, deducting only thereout a rebate of interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum computed from the declaration of a dividend to the time when the debt would have become payable, according to the terms on which it was contracted.

Admission or Rejection of Proofs.

22. The trustee shall examine every proof and the grounds of the debt, and in writing admit or reject it, in whole or in part, or require further evidence in support of it. If he rejects a proof he shall state in writing to the creditor the grounds of the rejection.

23. If the trustee thinks that a proof has been improperly admitted, the Court may, on the application of the trustee, after notice to the creditor who made the proof, expunge the proof or reduce its amount.

24. If a creditor is dissatisfied with the decision of the trustee in respect of a proof, the Court may, on the application of the creditor, reverse or vary the decision.

25. The Court may also expunge or reduce a proof upon the application of a creditor if the trustee declines to interfere in the matter, or, in the case of a composition or scheme, upon the application of the debtor.

26. For the purpose of any of his duties in relation to proofs, the trustee may administer oaths and take affidavits.

27. The official receiver, before the appointment of a trustee, shall have all the powers of a trustee with respect to the examination, admission, aud rejection of proofs, and any act or decision of his in relation thereto shall be subject to the like appeal.

346

Ch. 52.

Section 96.

Section 162.

Section 169.

Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

46 & 47 VICT>

THE THIRD, SCHEDULE.

List of Metropolitan County Courts.

The Bloomsbury County Court of Middlesex.

The Bow County Court of Middlesex, ,

The Brompton County Court of Middlesex.

The Clerkenwell County Court of Middlesex.

The Lambeth County Court of Surrey.

The Marylebope County Court of Middlesex.

The Shoreditch County Court of Middlesex.

The Southwark County Court of Surrey.

The Westminster County Cojurt of Middlesex.

The Whitechapel County Court of Middlesex.

THE FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Statutes relating to Unclaimed Dividends.

>| Session qpd Chapter.

7 & 8 Vict.: c. 70 - An Act for farcilitating arrangements ' between debtors and creditors:

12 & 13 Vict. e. 106'- The Bankruptcy Law OonSolidation Act. - 1849.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 134 - The Bankruptcy Act, 1861.

32 & 33: Vict. c. 71 - - : The Bankruptcy. Act, 1869, i

THE FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed i as to , England.

13 Edw. 1 c. 18. '‘ id part.

32 & 33 Vict. ;6.':62. in part.

32 & "83' Vict;

e.n.

32 & 33 Vict. e. 83.

'The statute of Westminster tho Second, chapter eigh teen Execution either by levying of the hffidg and goodspor by delivery of; gbdds and half the land; at the uhoice ^ra^he fcreditdrs' :-!! s in part; namely, '

the words " all the chattels of the debtor saving only . his oxen and b®auts,of,itl\f jplopgh, and "

The Debtor's Act; 1869.

in part j namely,

Sub-section (by of section five, -and Sections twenty-one and twCnty-two.

I The Bankruptcy 'Act, 1869.' kfc

;The Bankruptcy Repeal and Insolvent Court Act, 1869.

' - in part; impart J'-ObUiely^; i P Section nineteen.

83 & 34 Vict. The Absconding Debtors Act, 1870.

1 & 76.

84 &'!‘/86 WJCtl' Thb!BankrUpflcy ®feq^UalifiearioneAct,jd87L |

- ! c^ 50. ' Except sections six, Seven* and eight.

38 : & 39 Vict. The Supreme GOnrt of Judicature Act,: 1875.. th ‘dl¥7. i M> w' ,

in part. - in part; namely,t,

Ij' Sections nine and? thirty-two.

1883.

Ch. 53.

347

\ Factory and Workshop Act, 1883.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to amend the Law relating to certain Factories and Workshops. [25th August 1883.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Factory and Workshop Act, 1883. Short title.

White Lead Factories: .1

2. After the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight Certificate of hundred and eighty-three it shall not be lawful to cany on a white lead factory unless sudhi factory is eertrfiedi'by an inspector to be in Conformity with this Apt Bfj / " .i'‘ ...

3. (l.V A white lOad factory shall nOt be certified to be in con- ti?ns of

rr t \ / / # # 4 - certificate.

'lormity with this Act unless the scheduled conditions, that is to say,

"the condition^ ispecififed in the schedule to thjSs 'Act, as amended Jby any Order of a Secretary of State tinder this section, and including any-conditions added1 by any such -OMer, have been Complied with.

A Secretary of State may .at any time, by writing under his hand/revOkO; alter, add td, hr'modify all or any of the conditions specified in the‘Schedule-to this Act;

4. Within a reasonable time after written application in that ®^®fncer' behalf/ addressed to the chief inspector of factories by the occupier compliance Of any white- lead factory, such factory shall he inspected by an with conditions, inspector, and; if he finds 'that the scheduled conditions have been complied with' -he shall certify-to a Secretary of State that the factory is in conformity with this Act; and a copy of the certificate, signed bjyth§ ihSpeetor, shall be forthwith given to the occupier.

5. If at any rtime'after a white lead factory has been certified rto Withdrawal of be in conformity with this Act it appears to an inspector that the certificatei factory is not kept in conformity with this Act, he shall forthwith give notice to thei occupier specifying in what respects default is * fasti#; and unless the default'is within a reasonable time after the h'otiee remedied to the- satisfaction of an inspector, a Secretary' of State may, if he sfee^lfit, withdraw the certificate until the default is khififedied. / --y-y; I)

6. The occupier of a white lead factory1 which after the thirty- j

first day of December One thousand eight hundred*'and eighty-three factory without is carried on without a ceriiifie&te-Under this Act shall, for every certificate, day during which it is so carried on,-be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two; "pounds.

7. (4?) There shd.ll be established ! nbtf later than the first day of f£e^rrules January one thousand eight hundred and bighty-four, in every whitJiead white lead factofy/ stich special Mlefe fbi the guidance of the persons &ctory. employed therein as may appear* best-caleulated to enforce the use by them of the requirements^proVided under this Act, and generally tb; prevent injury to health in the course of their employment.

3 (2.) Such-special rules when established shall be observed in and about the factory as if they .were enacted in this Act.

1 - (3.) If' %ny "person^ who" is- 'bound 'to; observe the special- riiles established "for any white dead factory-acts in 6ontravention of or

348 €h. 53. Factory and Workshop Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vier.

fails to comply with any of such special rules he shall be liable on summary conviction to a line hot feiceeding two pounds; and the occupier of such factory shall also be liable on summary conviction to a fine not (exceeding five pounds, unless he proves > that [ hen had taken all reasonable means, by publishing and to the best of his power enforcing/the said rules, to prevent such contravention/ or non-compliance.

rovai ofd occupier of every white lead factory shall frame and

newspecial transmit to the chief inspector, for approval by a Secretary! of State, rales. special rules for suqh factory within three months after the passing

of this Act, or within three months after the opening for work of any white lead factory not opened for work before the (.passing of this Act.

(2.^ The proposed special rples, together with a printed; notice specifying that any objection to such rules on. the ground,of anything contained therein or omitted therefrom may ,be sent by any of toe persons employed in the factory to the chief inspector, Shall, during not less than two weeks before such rules are transmitted to the chief inspector, be posted up, in like manner as is provided in this Act-respecting the publication of special rules for the information persons employed in the factory; arid a certificate that such rules and: notice have been so pbsted up shall be sent to the chief inspector, with the rules signed by the person sending the same.

% (3.) The Secretary of State may appro ve such rides' dtherwith or without any (Mission alteration hi.' addition, and .on his Approval being signified ih'such manner 4s he may think fit the special rules as approved shall be established: But no SU<h omission alteration or addition shall bfe made ^rithoiit sufficient fibtice to the oCCupier . to enable Mm to qtato his. objections, if anyjtfier&to.

Amendment of 9. (1.) After spb^alnulesare established'under thin Act^iriuny special rale?, white lead factory the occupier t>f such factory may frdin tiihfe to time prbpoSe. in writing to the (IMbfir^ectdr/hor'the'fipproval bf A .Secretary of State, any ambndffient 8f jjafp. rides or'any new shebial rulfesjAnd 'tKS. provisions of this Act With rfeiipect! &e°brigirril special rules shall apply to all such ambhdihents and new fares in like manner, as near as may be, as they apply to the original rules.

(2.) A Secretary of State may at any time propose to the occupier of any whit© lead factory.any new special rules or any. amendjpfnts to to the specip-l,rulesandViSucfi. pew, rules on. amendments. shall;gp ' ^settledafter .tipue.giyeg.; fprncon^deration,of the , objection^,if any, of the .owupierjhe .established. ,as from a date to be fixed by a Secretary of State and specified therein, lake state- % IQ* If the! occupies pfi any whito^leadj factory. :to which* ithis-Act to*1*8 hrion of ^PP^®3 ma,hes any false statement with, respect :to,the posting up of mies.mlSSl°n 01 (the^specialtrules and notices,. hefShall.be.liable,on summary conviction tp a1 fine npt exceeding,twenty pounds;, and if speeiahrules for any whife lead-., factory aye not transmitted within the time- limited by this Act to the chief inspector, for the approval of a-Secretary 'of State, such Secretary may by writing under: h% handi.estahlish ,for that factory, suelnepecial rules as.the ,may see .fit, toy pome/into operation as from a date to fie fixed by him .and specified therein, i of all special rules, for the f time being in

force in any white lead factory under this Ac;t shall be kept posted

349

1833, Factory and Workshop Act, 1883. Ch. 53.

up in legible characters in conspicuous places in the factory where they may be conveniently read by the persons employed.

(<2.)'Aprinted copy of such rules shall be given by the oceupier to toy person affected thereby oh his or her application:

/uf(3<) If the occupier of any White lead factory fails to comply with any provision fo£ this section, he shall be liable1 on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

12. ivBvery person who pulls down, injures, or defaces any proposed ®*g| special rules, notice, or special rules when posted up in pursuance of &c< the-- provisions of this Act with 'respect to special rules* or any notice posted up in pursuance of the special* rules; shall be'liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

'^Fkplanation of certain Provisions of Factory, &c. Act, 1878.

13. It, ip .hereby decla,re<jl that —

': ^op.fifty-thre>e of the Factory and t^orkphop, Acjy. 1878^ Explanation of

; pply^. ^p^horise^ .overtime employment of young persons Qr4i5&42 Vict i wom.ep. to take place in any. factory, or workshop on. fortyreighb c. 16.

f. dsys in the whole, in any, twelve months.; and that in reckoning i such period of forty-eight days, .every day onwhich any young ^oman been, employed .overtime, is ,jto he taken into account; and that,

L* (fa A Section fifty-six of the said Act only authorises overtime ^/0", eijaplc|yment of womenj to take place f in. any factory or yfork-j)r)'shpp on ninpjtyrsjx,days in t]tiewhole in rany twelve months,

U1j i apAt^at in reckoning spch period = of ninety-six days,.every |.f((day on which anyyronato has l?een ei^plpyed.pyertime,ip,to he taken into account.

,14* Nptmthstanding anytbipg in sectiop twelve or-section four- Amendment as teen of the Factory and Workshop A.ct, 1878, the period of emptpy- of

mehjt(|pr a^cbjld ip .to..afternoon spt in a foctory or workshop, cM?drenin where the, dinner-time p&s-hjegip,.before, t^p, p'riock in the certain cases, aft^rjuoon, may begin at noon; provided that insuph ease the period pi employment in tbp mormng set shall end at noon.

- Bakehouses.

15. It‘Shall not be lawful ;to Llet or suffer to be occupied'as a Regulations for bakehouse, ‘or to occtlpy as1 a bakehotiSe^any ‘room: or place which ?ew bake* w&S Act^b'-let or occupied1 bdforC'the first day of June oiid thouStod "ouses' eight hundred and eighty-throe, unless the following regulation^ are complied with:

1 'No' waterclosOt, eatthelbset, privy, or ashpit Shall be within or [-communicate directly with the bakehouse ;

(ii.)' Any cistern "for supplying 'water to the bakehouse shall be ‘' separate and distinct from any cistern for supplying Water to "dJ watercloset ;iM (iii.) $To drain or pipe for carrying off foecal or sewage matter shall have an opening within the bakehouse. *'

'Any person who lets'or suffers to be occupied or who occupies any room or' place as a bakehouse, in contravention of this section shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and to a further fine not exceeding five shillings for

350 Off; 53. Factory <xnd Workshop Act, 1833. 46 & 47 Vict,

every day during which any room or place is so occupied after a conviction under this section.

Penalty for . 16. Where a court of, summary jurisdiction -is satisfied on the befo^unfit on prosecution1 of an inspector or, a local authority that any room or , sanitary pla?e used as a bakehouse (whether the same was or was not so used grounds for use before the passing of this Act) is in such a state as to be on sanitary Bouse*0 grounds unfit for use or occupation as a bakehouse, the occupier of the bakehouse shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and on a second or any subsequent conviction, not exceeding five pounds.

The court of summary jurisdiction, in addition to , or instead of inflicting such fine, may order means to be adopted by the occupier, within the time named in the order, for the purpose of removing the ground of complaint. , The court, may, upon application, enlarge the time so named, but if, after the expiration of the time as originally named or enlarged by subsequent order, the order is not complied with, the occupier shall be liable to a fine not exceeding H A : .one pound for every day that such-non-compliance continues. Mramciitof . 17. (1.) As respects every retailloakehouse, the provisions of this retailbake- part of this Act and of sections three, thirty-three, thirty-four, and houses by local thirty-five of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878 (which relate authorities. to Cleanliness, ventilation, overcrowding, and other sanitary conditions), shall be enforced by the local authority of - the district in which the retail bakehouse is situate, and not by an inspector under the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878; and for the purposes of this section the medical officer of health of the local authority shall have and exercise all such powers of entry, inspection, taking legal proceedings and otherwise, as an inspector Under the Factory and Workshop Act, 1878.

(2.) If any child, young person, .or woman is employed in any . retail , bakehouse, and the medical officer of the local authority -Uii becomes aware thereof, he shall forthwith give written notice thereof -to the factory inspector for the-district.

(3.) An; inspector Under the-Factory and Workshop Act, 1878] shall not, as respects any retail bakehouse, exercise the powers Cf entry and inspection conferred by that Act, unless he has notice br reasonable cause to believe that;a.cbIld,.young person, or woman is ,epiployed therein.

Construction.of 18.This Act shall be construedTas one with the Factory, and ^Snidons/ Workshop Act*,1878 and in this>.Act, unless the context othpryrise, 4i & 42 vict. requires, —

c. is. The expression " white lead factory " includes every-factory and

workshop in which the. manufacture of white. lead is carried on:

The expression "retail bakehouse." means any bakehouse or place, the,ihread,.his.cuitSr p^ponfactionery. baked in which are not sold wholesale but by retail in some shop, or place occupied together with such bakehouse:

The expression "local authority," means, as respects the City

of London and the liberties, thereof, the Commissioners of

Sewers; as .respects, the parishes .anddistricts mentioned in the c812o!9 Vict‘ ' Schedules, A- and B. annexed tovtbe Metropolis Management

* ' Act; 1855, and any parish to .which the said Act may be

351

1883. HI Factory and Workshop Act, 1883. Ch. 53., 54.

extended by Order in Council ia manner in the said Act pro-fr .vided, - the vestries and district Boards elected under the said Act; and as respects any urban sanitary district/the urban sanitary authority, and as respects any rural sanitary district, the rural sanitary authority, within the meaning of the Public I Health Act, 1875.

i- Application of Act to Scotland and Irdandi

19. In the application of this Act to Scotland the expression Act toScot- local authority " means the local authority within the meaning of land.

thfe Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1807. 1 jP*1 Vict-

20. In the application of this Act to Ireland the expression Application of " local authority " means, as regards any urban sanitary district, Act to Ireland, the urban sanitary authority, and as regards any rUral sanitary 41 & 42 Vict. district the' rural sanitary authority, within the meaning of the 52-Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

, THE SCHEDULE,

v- u Conditions of obtaining Certificate. t

(1‘.) The stacks and stoves'in the factory must be efficiently ventilated. S. 3.

-(r2;): There most be provided for the1 use of the persons employed'in the ' factory sufficient means of .frequently washing hands and feet, with a sufficient- supply of hot and cold water, soap,-towels, and brushes.: -

(3.) There must be provided in addition,.for the; use of women employed in ,j;he factory, sufficient,baths, with a sufficient supply of: hot and cold water, soap, towels, and, brushes. r ;

(4;) 'There must be proyidedfor the use of the persons employed in the factory (h'Ut'hot in &ny part of the-factory where any wofkh^hUrrihd on)'a J proper room for, meals.

(5.) There must be provided for every person working at any tank' an overall suit with head covering, and for every person working at any white-bed arespirator ear covering for the mouth and nostrils and head covering, and, for every person working at any dry-stove, or rollers an -oyer all suit with j head covering, and a respirator.or covering for the mouth and nostrils* .

(6.) There must be, accessible, 1$ all persons employed in($ie factpry a sufficient supply of acidulated chink, \ ,

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to make further provision respecting the National Debt, and the Investment of Moneys in the hands of the National Debt Commissioners on account of Savings Banks, and otherwise., [25 th August 1883.]

Wl WHEREAS by the Sinking JPund Act, 1875,- a fixed annual sum 38 & 89 Vict.

'' of . twenty-eight; million .pounds: was - charged - on, the. Con- c. 45. ttjj selidated ITund as the permanent-,annual charge for thp national debt;-; 11, io

And whereas varipue> annuities payable ^eut of-such permanent annual charge will expire 4m<;the? yeai? one thousand eight hundred and, pighty-rfiva* 1 f i -.-ff 1

i-And .whereas. the National Debt j Commissioners - hold large sums ofhperpetual annuities, >on> account nf trustee savings bankg, and

852

(3h. 5)4. National Bsbt Act, 188.3. 46 & 47 Vdorr. i

Post .Office savings banks, and. in pursuance of, divers (Acts, and 29 & 30 Vict. lastly of the Savings Bank Investment Act, 1866, certain portions c. 5. of. those perpetual annuities have been converted into terminable

annuities ending in the .year, one thousand eight, hundred and eighty-five:,

And whereas it is proposed to. convert certain other; portions of the said perpetual annuities .into such terminable annuities as herein-after mentioned payable out of the permanent annual charge for. the,National Debt:

And whereas under the Savings-Banks Jnvestipent,Act,. 1866, the Trfsasury have power, from time,to-time itp convert into terminable annqiti,e§ speh empuptf of perpetual:annuities,held/by the National Debt Commissioners on account of post office savings, banks as the Treasury think expedient> and< it is0expedient for, the. purpose'of carrying into effect, the .said proposal tQrCpnfejr, svtQh power asi hereinafter mentioned to s convert ipto terminable annuities perpetual annuities held by the said Commissioners pn-account of both trustee and ^iwst office savings, hanks :, Vl , ! , < ,

e*448* VICT* pursuance of the. Chancery Funds Act*;I872kp,ef-

petual annuities to an amount exceeding-- sixty rone million pounds capital stock were pnjthe thhtyTfirst day of D.eqemher>;one thousand eight hundred and eightyrrtwo standing, to the. account of, " the Pay- inaster General, for the time 'being pmihehalf of the.'Oourttof pi. Quint ifaM || Ghancery," in trust for, the suitors of the JJigh Court of Jpstigp, in accordance with the said' Act:.

jo And whereas it, is. expedient.to;cpjavevt a portion off the said perpetual annuities, bfdd, .by the: Paymaster. General, not, .exceeding, in ,the y?hole forty. ;ndffion< pounds .capitalt stock, into terminable ^annuities tending within aperiod not exceeding twenty,years, subject to such iprovision as, herein-after mentioned for the security,'of the suitors:

And whereas it is expedient to provide fdr the adjustment from j time to time of the terminable annuities into .which under this Act, or, , under the Savings Bank- Investment Act, 1866,; any perpetual annuities shall he converted, so as tp prevent any Iqss, or gain arising to the said; Qbmmissioners - or the Paymaster General from such- conversion:; , .

, And whereas it is expedient to make further provision respecting the securities held by the National Debt Commissioners:$

it therefore enacted by the QueonVnWStoh^cellenKiMajostyr by an^.with .^ho,^yiipe, and consent '^ofj Spiritual and

Temporal, apd .yonanoone, in this present, Barhament ,assembled, and by the authority of the^arne, as,follows:,- .

Short title. : jTM Aht may:% cited M the iNati^nabDebtf Act, 1883.

Conversion of , 2, (D) The ^reaSpiyr shall from.timprbo tirnB in(manner provided perpetual such--amounts as

annuities held herein-after mentioned, such amount of-pevpetual annuities held by by National tjij&j National 33ent; <Qommd8SWe,t'? on \ account - of trnsteg, savings sionere ra18* banks, and, oi ,postr..6tSce savjnga' bank^ iOr, on -either -of those account of accounts, as may be of .equivalent capital .value; (

outVo^ (2.) The first terminable annuities created in pursuance of this savings banks Section shall amount in the whole to three million;-six hundred into terminable thousand pounds, and shall be divided into three sets, each of which annuities.

353

'#>883.' ' Ndtional Debt Act, 1883. <Dh. 54.

sets shall be for* annual Sums amounting in the whole to one million two hundred thousand pounds.

(8.): The annuities in one of sufeh sets shall be for periods of five years, and shall terminate Within five years from the thirty-first I day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four; the annuities' in another of such sets shall be for periods Of' ten years, and shall terminate within ten years from the same day; and the annuities in the third of such sets shall be for periods of fifteen years, and shall terminate within fifteen years from the*sjfine day.

03 On the' expiration of any terminable annuity created in pursuance of this seetiofi, Whether originally Orr on the expiration of another annuity, a new annuity shall be created (by conversion of a Efficient‘portion of the said perpetual annuities) for a1'period of fifteen years front the date of such expiration, and of such annual I amouht as is equivalent to the expiring terminable annuity with the addition of a sum equal to the annual interest on the* perpetual annuities converted into the new annuity. Provided that thh power under this section of creating any annuity shall nOt unless continued by Parliament be exercised after the thirty-first day Of' March, one thousand'nine hundred and'four;

iThe annuities' treated under this seetibn may be'increased above'or reduced below the amounts aboye named for the purpose of'SUch adjustment as is provided by this Act. '

! 3. The Treasury ' may, ih manner provided by this Act, from time Conversion of to time convert such amount of perpetual annuities standing to the held

account Of the Paymaster1 Genefrilas the Treasury think expedient," by Chancery [nqb exceeding in fee whble forty. milHOn pounds capital stocky into int0

-Mch'terminable annmtieS for periods not exceeding'twenty years as annuhies.6 wilt f-terminafee Withmtwenty years from the thirty-fitst day of March one thousand:eight hundred :aridueigbty-fbur, and may be of equivalent capital value.'

4. iInI <5aSe' ‘cf the* OonvereiOn'under rthi's"Act, of 'ariypeipetua'lr an- Provision to nUities1iuto,'a' terminable amioity*Jth6 Treasury shall; at the 'cost of loss or the1' Consolidated* Fund; secure the National Debt Commissioners National Debt

jffind 'the Paymaster' General, as the care requires, against any loss Commissioners i i jy ° f?! if Ml and Paymaster

arising bymearis oi^Sueh'eorivarsmn, and for the 'purpose of pre- General from

venting any loss or gain arising to the National Debt Commissioners conversion,

the/Paymasteri General from such 'conversion, the followirigpro-

visions shall have effect :' r

(hl^On' any sfich conversion1 of-perpetual annuities into a( terminable annuity; 'the1 National Debt Odinmissibrierg shall' Cause I a table to bb! framed' and 'certified finder the hands of' the Con-I troller General or Assistant' Controller and of thC Actuary of the'N^tiOrial DOfit Office,'which table shall7 show, according to the basis‘'on'which the terminable annuity is Calctiiated/the particulars herein-after: mentioned respecting the applicaribn of 1 the termin,ablfe‘ annuity ;Tarid at le'ast once in every five'years, and ofterier if SO required by the Lord Chancellor or the Trea- siiry, the National Debt ComMiSsioners shall cause to be7 submitted to the Treasury ari account with the particulars hereinafter mentioned showing the* result ofiSucli application of the - terminable annuity '; and the Treasury shall iri manner provided by this Act adjust, as nearly as practicable, the terminable

annuity so as to bring the result into conformity with the table, and a return of any such adjustment shall. be laid before both Houses ,of Parliament.

(h.) Where the perpetual annuities converted were held by the Paymaster General ,on behalf of the High Court of Justice, the table shall show the amount o£, perpetual annuities to be r periodically replaced by means of the terminable annuity, apd the accqunt of, the result, shall show the amount of perpetual . ,anmuties aptpally so. replaced, and jbq, and account shall be

, submitted to the Lord: Chancellor before any adjustment is made. v (c.) Where the perpetual annuities. converted were held by the li NafionahPebt commissioners, t^e table.snail show the capital . . to be penofhcally replaQed by means of tlpe annuity-? and the account shall show," so nearly as tlre'temst^tions of the, National Debt^ ^inmissipners aupw> the rq^ufy of the application of the , terminable annuity as compared, with the said, table.

J Xd.) If at any time the Lord Chaucellpr certifies to the Treasury,

7 that by reason of ,the ccmvqrsiomunder.this(.a4?ti°n of perpetual ^. annuities q£ any description into a terminable annuity, the X Paymaster General is unable to meet the claims of the suitors XjfpnyJ)iyisiQn oLljhe.Supreme C^urt ;to that description of; perpetual. anmntie^,the Ti^suiy shall forthwith, create such perpetual annuities as appear to them to , pe. required tp meet jV those claims, so that, the amount so created do not exceed the .amount of the said perpetual,aimuities converted after deducting : the. amount rpplaped,; and'thereupon the, terminable annuity . shah he adjusted, as, is abovein tips: section mentioned.

Eortion ol°f S, For the purpose of facilitating the aforesaid conversion of per-annuities ter- petual annuities into terminable annuities, the, Treasury may, in minatingin manner, provided,.by this Act,p:mhange such of, the (existing ter-teminabie°nger *111111# annuities spCcmed in the seheidode.tpIithie-}A.ct, (which are annuities. | by the National Debt Commif^opem ,i0p account of trustee sayings banks or. Poet,.Office, pavings banks, and terminate in the 1 year one^houfland eight hundred; and eighty-rfiyei) as the,Treasury .Ijninfc expedient, not.y^ceeding in, the ^hqlevthe nnnual qum ,of .five .million ope. hundred and thirty^five-,.thousand, two hundred and sixty-three (pounds$ |£gr such new.^mmhinble annuities/for pqrjods

po,t exceeding twenty years, pa may be of equivalent capital value; and the capital value of the existing annuities .Sjball: be ,deemed to be their present value ascertained on the hpsis of the rate of interest yielded by three per cent, perpetual anpuitie^ qp the average price of the day as certified by the Bank of,[England OP the, dqy.of the exchange, and in oscillating the .capital value, of the new annuities the interest shall be taken at.the same rate, termfor"of | 6. Whereas by the Savings Banks Act, J£$,3, the Treasury were terminable |o convert. portions .of' theihree per, cent, perpetual an-

annuity upon nuities held by the Rational Debt Gopimissioners; on account of toeperceuts. ?ost savings banks into an equal amount of two and a half held by per cent, perpetual annuities, and jtp .pay the differeu.ee in value by National Debt a, terminable annuity ending op jthe jSfth day of April pne thousand £tp"^pe°rners‘ eight hundred and eighty-five, and, i|. k.expedient to .extend the .cents. period for the said terminable annuitybe. it; therefore enacted as

follows:

National Debt Act, 1883.

Ch. 54.

355

C. 14. Redemption of part of terminable annuities under 44 & 45 Vict. c. 54.

Any terminable annuity created in pursuance of the above-recitedH 'enactment of the Savings Banks Act, 18(53, may be for a term not 26 & 27 victj exceeding twenty years from the date of the creation thereof.

7. ‘Whereas in pursuance of the Indian Loan Act, 1881, the Treasury have converted into a terminable annuity of one hundred and fifteen thousand, eight hundred and sixty-four pounds, ten shillings, for a period ending on the fifth day of July, one thousand nine hundred and six, the sum of two million, forty-nine thousand, two|

-hundred and fifty-nine pounds, five shillings and ninepence. Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of Post Office Saving Banks; '

' And whereas it is expedient to authorise the Treasury to redeem ,a portion of the said terminable annuity, and upon such redemption to reduce the annual sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, by which the permanent annual charge for the National .

Debt was increased by section three of the above-mentioned Act:

Be it therefore enacted as follows:$

, (1.) The Treasury shall at sUeh times as they'think fit' before the first day of April next after the passing of this Act pay out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof the sum J of one million pounds to the National Debt Commissioners, and upoU that payment shall cancel such portion of the said ter-11 minable annuity held by the National Debt Commissioners, as is of equivalent capital value 'to the sum so paid, ascertained on the basis of the rate of interest yielded by the Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities at the average price t>f the day as certified by the Bank of England on the day of payment.

y (2.) The Treasury may cancel the said portion of the terminable , annuity by a warrant to1 the Governor and Company of the Bank of England directing them to cancel in their books that ,r' portion of the said annuity.

't ' (3.) :The sum paid to the'National Debt Commissioners in pur-. suance of this section shall be applied by them in like manner as other moneys in their" hands on account of Post Office Savings Banks.

'(4.) The permanent annual charge of the National Debt shall,

; dUring the currency of the terminable annuity created under the Indian Loan Act; T 881, be reduced by the amount of the portion cancelled in pursuance of this section, and the Sinking Fund Act, 1875, as amended by section three of the India,n Loan '*Tii Act, 1881, shall be'COnstrued accordingly.

8. For'the purposes of this Act the following provisions aba.ll Supplemental

have effect: — ' fHjfl jM - *. ;.i - provision ass to.

The conversion or exchange of one class of annuities into or creation of for another class of annuities, and tlfe adjustments a termin- annuities. , able annuity,1 shall be effected by a warrant of the Treasury to the Bank of England directing them to cancel in their books, as from the date of conversion or exchange specified in the warrant, annuities of such class, and standing in such names ' and of such an amount as is mentioned in the warrant, and by the ereation (by the same or another warrant) in the same names of such annuities as the case requires.

Ch. 54.

\miicmAl DebP Atitj 1883.' 46 & 47 Vic* r

(2.) Terminable and; perpetual annuities shall be created by- a/ warrant from ithe ^Treasury to the Bank of j England directing, them to inscribe in their books, as from-, the, date .of creation>| specified in the warrant,- terminable annuities of the amount < and for the periods mentioned in the warrant, or as the .case: requires, perpetual annuities of the amount and description - mentioned in the warrant.

(3.) ‘The amount of any annuities so to be cancelled or created shah be certified to the- Treasury!by the National Debt Oommift-i sioners under the hands! of the Controller i General or Assistant, Controller, and of j the Actuary of the ^atjionafiptebtiPf^e*. gj (4.) Theequivalmit capital,value,shah, saye as otherwise provided. adi by,this, Act,.ha calculated as follows v-m r!^a.)?.in the case of,any terminable annuities, intowhjchjsjly perpetual annuities /are to. be, converted, the .interest, shall; < :be taken at the rate of, interest yielded by, thepai^P^'i

J petual annuities at the average price of the day asr9;e£h$e4 r by the «f JfogUfld ^fojfo (>£: isrr .the capital value of. perpetual annuities shall be cail-- culated at the average price of the day as certifieu by the,

am Bank of . England op[tb.edaterof< creation or conversion &.

Is;."T3>< ne^he .cawrite - !> Wan ..... '

The date o^ rconyersion, the date of er^at|on, and me%Wor i-, ft exchange) shall, respectively bereave as otherwise specified m* f i . tthis Act,: auch day.^a- .-ipf®..be., in , e^jh pase agreed on ‘beiweerf.'

I. the Treasury and the National Debt

n(6^ The annuities., terminable or perpetual, .or , aqy paidthereof,1" . directed' by any warrant under this Act to be cahcened/^li^ll, ‘ : after the date .specified ip/the prarrant, be, cancelled, andf. all 9 payments, in respect, thereof shell cease.

<(7.) All annuities .terminable or .perpetual preetedundev this Att shall, after the 4^/® iftbPFpatipin, iW tcBa.rgedL oil the Ponsplidaieq' Fund and the growing produce thereof, aria shall, be payaDle1, , . , jTout of, the permanent .annual charge for the' national^'dfebti ' Vr,yearly, half yea$y,WijUui^ly' Wt; ^tfcHutim^ ifi fea#'

"maybe fixed by the warrant creating them. !

' (8.). AH peip^tual annuities 1 created in pursuance of this'1 Act shall be cdhsdlidited with" other perpetual annuities bf! the 'same descnption'ahd myahleui$uJthb bamfe date, and shall be transferable ill1 thfe! '‘books5'6fi! the! BaMk11 Of ' England! * in1 like1 manner as the 'annuities 'with which they, are .consolidated, and shall" bdl subje^to1 thfer enactments -relating toi those^ annuities SQ far as is consistent with the tenor of those: enactments-!' lu5iementaA 9. (*1.) Any terminable annuity payable to 'the National Debt

provisions as to _ V. ' ... . ~r,t .1 J r j ,c

application of Commissioners in respect er the conversion under this Act 01 $ any

terminable perpetual annuities held by themi shall, so far as it represents in-annmties. terest, be dealt with as the -dividends, on,;,the; said perpetual annuities would have been applied, and so far as it represents principal shall be dealt with by them as. moneys received on account of trustee or Post Office savings banks.

(2.) When any perpetual annuities have in pursuance of this Act been converted into a terminable annuity payable to the Paymaster-General, that terminable annuity shall be paid to the

1883.

\N^a/ti<Mal 'Debt'Act) 1883* CS.54.J 33

National Debt Commissioners, who shall thereout pay to the Paymaster-General such: amount as wouldy-fout Tfor; the- conversion, be for ithe? .time being; payable as dividends on the said, perpetual annuities converted; (to be applied by him in like manner as the dividends for the time being payable) on those annuities), and shall fromJ'titne to time invest thb residue? iaithefpurchase of. perpetual annuities in the names of the National .Debtr: Commissioners on acbotmt of the Supreme Court? of Judicature, and shall.invest from time‘tO'time in like manner the dividends received on such investments and on any accumulations thereof , ,

(3.Y'Atany time1 the1 National TM)t ^Cohmiissioners shall, if so rei^hfred by the' Lofd Chancellor, transfer to' the account of the Paymaster-General all or any 'of the annuities So purchased; and the at^6hnt OF the dividend^ bn the annuities1 So tranrferred and on any pfefjietiial atiiiuitibs1 cteated' in compliance witha certificate of the Lord Chancellor undeh thi^ Act, 1 Shall be deducted from the amount periodically payable'by the National Debt Commissioners to the Paymastdf; General for dSyiddhds1 undbrthis 'section:.

. ^.VLhi the fermj^oi^&f the terminable amfrtity, the National D^bt fCommissipners/pu^ the annuities purchased onJftccount of the Supreme Court oF Judicature under tmS sSbtton, Shall transfer to the account of the Paymaster General sufch ambunt Of ^perpetual annuijSes as would'But' ror'tHefcohversibfi into thb ^bid terminable aimmly1 ‘ held .by the Paymaster General after

deducting the amount of ^hnhj^es trahsferfed m pursuance Of Jthis section, pr bertifieaie 'of1 the Lord

Cfi^rceliorr; and 1£ the axpouht of perpetu&i annuities so purchased is Jess than the amount ho re^hired tb be " transferred, the Treasury shall in manner proVideobjf this crefite Sdch amount of -perpetual-annmtte^ is requirba1 tb meet the deficiency, and if the amount sp purchased exceeds the amount required to be transferred, th^f surplus| snail' be eaifeell^d m Jmch mkhnef aS the Treasury may by warrant. direct. . ' / ®

. JO*..; Thfe s Wfffra&te iu ,p\usu£^ncp of 'this Warrants to be

Act shall be a gup.cisp4iSB&S%y^||6te for doing 25*®*^ for

they things tther^byudiicepte^, nJ^,^pi,^9i,flfr^pc^‘,vwr^ts shall. be England, laid heJEoxei both Houses oF Parliament within (pfie month aifter they aye issued M jg, then sitting,; $&<!,' if," pot," wiramr one

month jafter, th_ej&heP> nef^f naepting^of ,f|a^hainept '

*'M. *frbthiS'-Act, unless, the cdutext otherwisei req^§s-=T7rn I!B r, Definitions.

'Thenexpresdion i "^Treasury'' means the Commissioners; of. Her Majesty's Treasury 3<

' The expresrfon »Lord Clmncellor, oceans* .the Lord Hight Chgn-V' (> ceilor1 of' Great Britain or ithe Lord Keeper. or Coipm^s^opera -ni -dfrthe Greait Seal of Great.Britain:

The (expression" National iBebt^Commissioneys" mpape tjhe Com-,

1 1 missioners for1 the Reduction. Of- the,National (Debt,:

! The expressionr w Bank of |England " means the G.oy»;or and Company of the Bank of England:

The expression " perpetual annuities " means three and a half per cent, bank annuities,' three per cent, consolidated bank ' annuities, three per cent/reduced bank annuities, new three

, per cent, bank annuities, and two and a half per cent, bank r annuities, or any of such anmaities.) v 26s27 Vict. r The,expression "trustee savings bank" means a savings bank c. 87. t; to which the Trustee Savings .Bank Act,>,l'863, extends.

j The! expression j «¥. Paymaster,(General means . the Paymaster i, | General for the time being on behalf of the :Cfturt of Chancery 35 & 86 Vict. n under the,.pro visions of the- Cohrtof, Chancery Funds Act, ?G. 84. j ., ,187^, or. the Paymaster.. General for the time being for and on

behalf of the. .Supreme Court ‘of Judicature under., the pro-46 & 47 Vict. visions of, the Supreme,Court of. Judicature (Funds, &c.) Act,

<5-29, mm mmktimHti i a

SCHEDULE.

See clause 5.

inui b'm'Jasaxnmm. :tq$sbe:.Exchanged .

1; Annuities created for -fortifications under 23 & 24 subsequent Acts, , -

2. Annuities Created, for localisation, of the military forces under 3^'& 36 Vict/c; 6S>.,4' ‘ -

3l ' Annuities created, iri lien of stock held oh account to of savings hanks, under 29 Vxct. c. 5. and -‘32& 33 - Vict: oj 59; - -

4j Portion, of,annuities . created under: National Debt . Act,k83Q (43 Vift.,is,;i '

rf. £.\ -i -s. d. , 5^8,003 11, 6 4 4 378,831' 0 0

3,617,845 0 O' d/,55Q^83,j 0 ,;p

5*135,262 jll . 6,

CHAPTER 55.

Short title.

An Act to amend the law .relating .to the Customs: and ' Inland Revenue, and to make other provisions res-d speetiaag charges payable out of 'the public revenue, and -for other purposes. ..... - - ‘ ^(i5th August

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty/ by Mand ! s with the advice And consent1 of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and1 Commons, in this present Parliament'assembled, and by the authority of* the same, as follows 2 1

l. This Act-may be cited as the Revenue,AetJ:1883.

g -Part L 6f LU%) ^dlaUrig/'to Customs.

2. The following* enactments snail, on j|t^htiie<fimt (Jay of ..eight, hundred and, eighty-four, have'effect as if they ..ivere contained in section forty-two op,'the ;Cu§toms Consolidation Act) 1876, ih.^pbstitution fox, the/portion (ff.that section repealed by this Act, f^at is. to. say —

(1.) (a.) Article .of jnfeign manufacture not imported by, or for, feat Rearing the,name and address, or, name and trade-i mark of a manufacturer of such ^Articles resident, or having a place of business in the United Kingdom.

-I (M Articles of foreign manufacture hearing, either alone or in conjunction -with other names or words, the name of a

1883.

Utevmue Act, 1883. Ch. 55i 359

I part of, or a place in, the United Kingdom, which name in the opinion of the Commissioners of Customs has been placed upon such articles in order to impart to them a special character of British manufacture.

,0^2.-) The proprietary right of a manufacturer in any name or i'j mark on any articled of foreign manufacture shall be proved or jtob evidenced in such manner and upon such conditions as the rtO1 ' Commissioners of Customs shall prescribe.' '

- 73.) Articled bearing the name of a place which would render them subject ttt prohibition under this section shall not be admissible . by reason of there being another place of the same name out of !l the United Kingdom.

' (4.) Names, addresses, and marks on boxes, cases, cards, or other things in which or attached to which articles of foreign manufacture are imported, shall be deemed to be borne by the articles themselves.

'* (d!) ' The Commissioners of Customs in administering this section, whether in the exercise of any, discretion or opinion or otherwise, shall act under the control of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, t (6.) In this section the word v name " as applied to a manufacturer ‘ /shall include any abbreviation or imitation of a name; mid the A Word " Manufacturer " shall: include a dealer, and a manu-"f&eturing or trading company having a place of business, in the ( . ^United Kingdom.

3. Notwithstanding any existing provision to the contrary in the Foreign spirits

Customs Acts, foreign spirits' racked or drawn off in a warehouse racked into may, m .casks each containing not'less lhan nine gallons, be exported less

Of removed for exportation only to another warehouse in the United gallons, may be Kingdom, and may be imported intb the Channel Islands; 6r -any of exported, them, and. may be exported from, the said Islands, to foreign parts only, and may he removed from any one to any other of the said Islands without, any. licence from the officers of. Customs, and may b^arriefl qoastwise. from any one part to any other part of the said glands .....

4. If in any suit, prosecution, or information for the recovery of Execution on penalties .under the Customs Acts in the High Court- Of Justice in judgment in England, the High .Court of Justice in Ireland, or the Court of*"^"ior Session as Court of Exchequer, or the High Court of Justiciary in *1 Scotland, judgment or . decree shall be obtained against any person by .default or in absence or in ford or by verdict ior otherwise, and such person shall .not pay the sum or-sums of money for which such judgment shall have been entered up or discerned for under such decree, execution shall thereupon issue; and diligence shall proceed not only against his body but against all his real and personal estate, whether vested in himself or in any other person in trust for him, for such sum or sums of money as aforesaid, together with the -costs, poundage, fees, and expenses of execution; and any person whose body shall he taken in execution as aforesaid shall be treated in the same manner in all respects as a person committed to prison by any justice for non-payment of a penalty incurred for an offence against the Customs Acte.

360 Ch. 55. 46 & 47 Vigr,.

Vessels 5. If any ?hiu on ..ajrival at). any ^p^j;f,orMpJa^r yi ..tbp^i^d/,;

arriving to Ku^dom'' off tibh! f'8i^yi^,.c9fl(ie ap,qi4cWy,»p to,-

to piawof y the1 proper pfyce of ' jhooring op' -uhlndj^g $?, %p p£ the /POri

unlading and 0r plaee'tfm 'adjhH'. 4'taichW at; ^y,p%^p^ace, a^4-

Btetionsfor prodding%6 sdcji.profteff , bring to $t(th$ .gta-tiw.-,

boarding appOi&bed‘by pli^Commiss^ flip boarding ,of

officers. shipe\ br'if after.'arrival atshch place .such^l^p ph&ll rempyp there-, Penalty for from:i except' with tile knowledge of the proper officer of .Custom? ,

neglect, 20/. ..... , i ..... £/, ,^;T. ,«< diauM )W%3flTp V «?.«!£ -i 7 VI

directly to some;other proper place of mooring or pplaping, the person,. having- charge Of Subu shiti,rwnether ''mas^er^pjj pilot, shall forfeit the stini of t^entyPouhds:

Accommoda- ft If;.®4' ffis^ter°(5f an^shin'shagf neglect or refuse; $9 proved,P< r.

onboa^°erS room1'hoiti^ac'^Modaiion uf^ep tljp .^b<^ mm .bp^;.pr,|

Penalty, 20/. statmn^d c>n £poa$4 (Wfih ship

he sh&U ffirf&t the sinn of'twenty pouims. j.

If seals upon 7. If the! '^opef! Officer vofK the Customs shall place ,any, lock,!

bebrokMor8 mar^> or seal upon any. stqres or uppp ^,ny;plaice prepackages; the stores which the same' Wray/to jcffi" board any ship or vessel arriving in secretly con- the Whited Wen fock. mark, pr (?,^a^ shall, he^ilfully

mister to* opeifet,1''altiSpe&i1W' bf6keh,R Oru ^any, stpj^go.^epp^e^iish^h be

forfeit 20/. secretly ConVOyed iwky'eitherrwhile the ship repaains ip, fhonport at which she shall have so .arrived, or at any ^otl^ejr. .port fir the j United Kingdom to which she may proceed, or on her passage fijom one pdtft to' aSidth^if the master of such ship shall forfeitSHP$ tweiffi^ ptHui<5fe;' .

&n4ovkt°f ®* *of xthe

c. 36. s. 230. Customs a^ borough , paying. ?a. separate

magisterial afcojiipty, shall

be ddehfed ^'he "Peighl56tiring'' or iradjo^|m].utptithat OQTWtyli Extension of. 9. For the purpose of carrying into pffeqt, ^be, regulations - unddf fo^&Io^fct Seft'r;K?heiiies

c. 38. to sea Commissioners tpit^e raakev ,apd (when

fishing boats. maderi*dv6ke und vafy, an order ‘ declaring that puch.,^jf. the pro-^45 32 Vl0t ^hhons of the Custoffis3 A^736s apdr^hp *Ag|s £pn.endl

ingtnepame/as''ard'specifiedjin the oraejc^spa|],a.pnly,an,d the>SW*ie shall -accordingly apply t^)Isea' nehipg hpa|ta in,^lpie.rimannei;^as if the vtotfd &,?hip - in llrp^eTprbyi^ipn^ "l^u4p(|(>r.se^ffis]hingf(hoat.?'i^ Assay and lol; Andvrneteas tc th^staiqlj^. nqy^h f9P?P jcplatipg itP; gOfld

Siportfd°gold and sil^fer wares, it M 'enacted ap(^;prpy^.dp^ fhat (>gpldf(aodvSilyer f and silver plate, not being battered, which ^h^tpe (hnpo^ejd:into (the United \ plate. Kingdofn Of "Great, Britain and' 'tolandJ:i.^d , ,spl^, ,f£schahggd> t or

exposed;'to sale ^tnitfs the "i&iq', ! flwW t ,be' of nine

respectiVC' 'standard? 'nh^|requireq^ tfor, vessel,) pla*terpr

manufacture* of gdld or silver w^ou^it py,jm®tdp.4nihligland\ and that ho gold-dr silver 'plate so. imported, a? [afp^psai4> notr.being battered, shall be sold, eXchMged, or exposed tp, sale within the :said United Kingdom, until the same shall have bppH assayed, stamped, and marked, either ib Krigland, Scotland, or Ireland, in the same manner as any ware, vessel, plate, lor manufacture of .gold or silver wrought or made in England,' Scotland, or Ireland respectively, is or are now by law required to be assayed, stamped, and marked'. And that-in order that gold and silver plate so imported as aforesaid may Le assayed, stamped, and marked, it shall and may be lawful for

188& ' ' Uj 9HgflP^HpH| 04.' gsT ' 361

1 *toi bencl' tie' sattie, .to. any assay office -»in, t thf K ignited- A Kingdom <Atiwdiidh gdid arid silyep plate is now bylaw required to be assayed, did tvhefi so1 sent" it shall pe. assayed, .tested,! stamped, and^maidced iri1 such and the saniq manner the same were British1 'plate ‘by law assay able in such office, bujt with the, addition' of the-ldtter F, rind that if j&ny gold PS silver plate so imported as aforesaid and 'sd sent to any ‘'jg^y.pffiipe as, aforesaid, shall on being' assayed at bndh assay office be found or discovered to he df'boarser alloy than the said respective standards, such) gohJ / & or slivfer1 ware; shall be ctit, broken, and defacefi at such^assay. office,

And whereas it,is' desirable ta secure; with ‘mote.^ marking ‘Of ‘all gdld and silver plate of- [Standard...qimhty.impQttedil<, into1(Oi:eat Britain or Ireland td' to Sola, exchanged, hr exposed for .,i sale,‘land alrio to make prdvibiidh for) allowing the exportation of. imported plate of coaraer alloy than the said respective standards: r Ber!5t'enacted,-^' i

1. ^That/alb gold rind1 silver mam imported iiwor Great Britain d^i i.

01 Breland shall beeritetedio be warehoused, ^apd ^lmllj.be y,h^pbsited^in a 'bonded ‘warehouse, and .nqf sjmhqfiffe -shall:

|p be^deliveted forhoriieuse .until assayqd, stamped,.andmarked

i io^ceoi'ding td 'latvi I

2. e®hatftforl%Ke ^tt^bsebf^&^y,' ^cn plate.may ,pp9n,^ch jnqticei-:

|P» thd'prttperpffice'h of.'^''do'stqmxi uppn such, secjuri^ for ,tho i

' and subjedt^to such regulatioj^tfipj.

' Commissioners of Customs may from time to timeprescribe, ®d*bei?eAidvhli 1 the warehouse in charge.*<$ 9t'WStoms%^%hb'iin|i^am(f at his risk, to, and be delivered *;

11 MyjjMpi!8s rdf d^lfee Qpflri((he$r$4dipij

thd5 pdr§ df impbrt^idh '3 3. Shaft upon ^rbwdud'payment ' py tifie importer iff ihd experts^ endf. aSSay^the^dffide^'fif'the^feky ompe shall.assay the plate; |

If‘riirid iehallx'^¥euAI6ti8d bf'the'result^ qr'sqp^.',assay ,(o\7the ,j;

ejtopw officeof'df to Inepimporter. ...

If such I plot# I shall8 bh‘ %Und ttwfi '^jMsay.'.^'te, of f,st§n^rd; \ thereupoiime .ele&red for) home U£e,pn4 , ij

ufihn '.productiomldf. a? certificate// rfroM^'th^f;pTO|)diPcombdf'^wdroms that thepiaqty7amA7all()]

-proper -dHdfgeb have ' shall ,^tamp) mark, .;and f

i deliver® thy^lafduid thd ifflp'drte^''.

5. If>SUbn plate'bhairbe fdhhd updb/assay not, to, of standard ,

Iquality; it'/shall,lil'6t w]cut,'broken) or defaced at .the assay btrtJ ^fmllj upon such notice aJna under such ^grifatipng.. as thd CoMmis^bhdrs" <M? C'ufetoms sh'all from time. to. time ;' ^pteseribe^-be* removed from the assay office in charge of an 'dfficer''of dirstdiiisf';by;>' trie' idi^iter arid 'at5 his risk, and be Wt* Vririturned y^arehdriSd^/

AH platd returned^!to the*warehouse after, assay may within month frdiri 'such return be 'exported by the importer .^rindef such conditions and upon such security as are pre-¥^ Scribed by the Customs Laws in relation to the' expoitatinri Of warehoused goddk, ,

‘-?>After the expiration- of one month from the return of any plate ^'Ho the warehouse j dr sooner if the importer shall desihe«it;

Construction

with

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

Extension of 43 & 44 Vict. C. 19. s. 26 as to places of meeting of commissioners.

0H. 56. Revenue Act, 1883. 46 & 47 .Vitfr. '

any part thereof not exported shall be cut, broken, and defaced by the proper officer of customs, and shall be delivered free of duty upon payment of all proper charges. j; S. Actual deposit of /plate in a warehouse under this section may, with the approval of the Commissioners of Customs, be dispensed with in cases in .which the plate can be and is removed i direct from the place of examination to the assay office,'but plate so removed > direct shafi, nevertheless, for the purposes of this. section be deemed toihave been actually deposited, r . 9. The notice from the officer of the assay office of the result of the assay above referred to in this section shall be a notice prescribed by the. Commissioners of Customs, and as regards the importer, shall be posted to an address to>be stated by him on depositing his plate. at the assay office.

. 10. In this section the words "proper charges" shall mean all such charges as the Commissioners of Customs, with the approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall make fori attendance of .officers or otherwise.. Where plate.is removed to an assay office in pursuance of this section, within one month after entry, the rates for warehousing under the Customs Tariff Act, 1876,. shall not be charged.

- 11. Articles of plate exempted from assay in the United Kingdom are not subject to the provisions of this section, t-- >12, Plate imported for private use and not for: sale shalli algo be . I .exempted upon proof by; statutory declaration referring to this section being furnished to the: satisfaction of the Com-t missioners of Customs that such,'plate is hot intended lor sale or, exchange.

13. But in case any such plate shall at any time thereafter be taken to an assay office to be assayed, and shall be "found upon assay not to be of standard quality, such plate shall be ... deemed to be plate removed from a warehouse for assay under this section, and shall be dealt with accordingly.

Plate taken to be assayed under this sub-section'shall be identified to the satisfaction of the proper officer of the assay office.

11. This part of this Act shall be construed as one with the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

Past II.

Amendment of Law relating to the Inland Revenue.

12. In addition to the power given to ithe land tax commissioners, general commissioners, and additional commissioners by subsection two of section twenty-six of the Taxes Management Act, 1880, to meet and act within such city, town, or place as therein mentioned, the said commissioners respectively may, with the: consent of, the Board of Inland Revenue, meet for the purpose of acting as such commissioners at any place outside the boundary of the division for which they act, and all things done by them, as commissioners acting for such division at that place, shall be as valid and effectual in law as if the same had been done at a place of meeting within the division.

1883. MeVemie Act, 1883. Gh. SS.. 303

13. The power vested in the Board of Inland Revenue by section Extension of thirty-eight of the Taxes Management Act, 1880, may be exercised 43 & 44 Vict. in .any case in England where any new parish or place has been or ^e8s as may be formed for the purposes of poor law administration, or'any which power amalgamation in relation to parishes or parts of parishes has bfeen "ay be exer-or may be ‘effected for such purposes. 11

iln any case of amalgamation where the transfer of jurisdiction is not iprovided for by subsection two of the said section thirty-eight, amalgamated parishes or parts of parishes shall' he within the jurisdiction;.of.-such body of general commissioners as shall bd determined by the board and specified in the order in writing containing the? direction of the board as to the amalgamation in Conformity with subsection one of the said section.

14. Whereas doubts have arisen as to the construction and applfc Removing

cation of Sections ninety and ninety-seven of the Taxes Management ^stniction of Act, 1880, and it is expedient to remove those doubts* Be it there- 43 & 44 Vict fore!<enlicted as follows: *i Rtf»Iu R ? L- c-19> 68-

Ig Section- ninety-seven -of the said Act; shall be construed so;as to? 7' confine the application thereof to cases of removal from one parish' in Scotland to anotherparishin Scotland, and the case-of removal from .a parish in England or Ireland to a parish in Scotland shall bei dealt with under the provisions contained in section ninety of the said Act.

15. -In. lieu of- the; stamp dutynow payable under the Stamp Act-; Stamp duty on

18|0;. there shall be. charged upon mortgage, bond, -debenture, ^rt^sJ^c'': OoVenant, and- foreign'security-of any kind-^ >- ?r. o' M ' 1: ' B,mg r

, Being atsetmadty .for .thd payment»or repayment of money 't 33 & 34 V}c.t,

1 ^noi exceeding ten pounds; r - 0$, 3d. jNH&fj

Bart III.

' MKCELtANEOTJS.

16. :$ftereas in the year o^©i|^qvuifWA^. eight hundred, and eight Adjustment of the Commissioners of the Tr^ury .adyanped. twenty-one thousand, certain old pounds tft, th.e: Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of fhef0tyroi between the London (in this section referred , to as " the Corporation of London ") , chamberlain of for the purpose .of. ipa,kipg improvcmeB.ts in the port ,of London, and th«C%of the whole' of the sum so advanced, was expended, with the exception, ^Treasury of nine pounds nine shillings and fivepence halfpenny, which sum and the Thames remains in the handsJ of the Chamberlain of the City of London a& Conservators, part of unclaimed balances:

And whereas in the year one thousand eight hundred and nineteen thA sum of ten thousand two -hundred and sixty pounds jvas received by the Corporation of London for the sale of certain land in the Isle of l)dgs, an d, after'deducting- certain expehseis, was paid ipt6, the' Exchequer, and a sum of seventeen shillings Wfis so paid in excess of the sum which ought to have been paid;

And whereas, after deducting the said overpayment 6f seventeen shillings from the said balance of nine pounds nine shillings and flfepeiice halfpenny, there remains eight pounds twelve shillings andfivepence halfpenny due to the Exchequer:

And whereas, in each year up to the time of the sale of the City of LondoU, Canal in the. year one thousand eight hundred and

Cfl. 'Ati*, T88lt 46 & 47 %(&

twenty-ninO, a'p'ortibii Of the 'roVehtte <b?f the ' canal was1 paid to the. fund <^lddrthO;tonria^ dirty ftfnd;arlOirt^ LWaueOrfe'ceived/tindfetf certain Local and Personal Acts, and' Wafe hOpaid in dischar^ of'a debt-due to thibt fund:'1'

3 Arid wheueabi thO ««# Uf ^ghty^eVbii potthdo fouttfe^rt1 'sbillmg^ and ninepence, being the, balance arising' ft'dm1 stfch 'cOMl re venue,J was not pAid^oVer1 to lhfe tdnini^dilit^fnft'd1, arid, after deducting a: sum of five'pOuhds and etgbtpertce paid Ly the Cobporation of Ldndon ibr stai&p duty in the year1 bhb thousand eight htindred and forty; thdrtrt'maim a sum^of^eighty-twh pounds fburthen' shillings and pne penny oh 'account of th^said! revenue 'iri'the haWds of the Chamberlain of tnd City Oif ‘Lbfidbtf 'aS ipart of 'unclaimed balances:

: And whereas! the1 tonnage duty !fuhd ^hahbeOn1 transferred 'to the ConOdW&itort150fi/ the BivBV id?haia^s,IiandB'lt :,ib tOkpedlUrtt11 that the sstid^stiVihi‘to7the- ^ld5€^aer^tort; fonthb1 fetedit of the^nUag^ dhty1 fund; Be;it tnertfMe 'MaSrtbd' ab follows h17 ‘The Qhathbemi4‘J of the tCfty,'M£,Ebbfdhh -is hereby'authorised, diit ‘idf JMsl hands on ^ifcbouiitf <0fl Undaihibd '-balances, to

jfey into the Exchequer the sum Of‘'Sght ^pounds1 twelVfe Shillings and1 flvepenee-'halfpehhy' ihl respect Ofa 1 thd' ^adyariefevS '1 from the Exchequer a^j^jO^feeifed, thO'ChfiseyViators

of1 the BiVdf l^tneO'for the^redit^np^etonna^ef‘duty fund-^the sttfii'bf ,B^hty1d^6jptin^dS'fbUrtebtfaL'ilHhge &hd <mec;^efa'flyfi!8! part rtpayhient'of the debt due fifim1 the lca&ialrrevenufe, as'UbowdiOcited. Extension of KjJL7.' ‘Sftmdra aeventy-^±‘rtoijefeHtyItWO, ?bOtbl inblUsiVO^'of the ^6* 3ediidn Wdnty^five Of‘tlre'^ct of

82 and the'/S^sidtf Of ^b'1 tWOnty-fOiirthr and itwfeuty-'fifQi y'eaft,sL'1of the

24 & 25 Vict reigfi Of Hbr present M^6sty;::chapifer tninety-eightj'intitdied An e. 98. s. 25. « ^0 consolidate rand ainindrtfibi'SfetUte LaWnOf Edgiand and

Tretithd relating'^td indfct&blO1 O^nfebs r|jy ^geiry^fshail;,0xten9.)to any ^ddOpinent f^sued 'by W^cu^jnei^ Of any'hanher/rand fAteteded to enaMe'an^'^onnr' 'bOdyno^Ofate bd'-OOTaihpaymdfifc1 frOhfisuch

bankh^ ofHw'In^ mfentiofidfi M'theifdoeninMtrari^shaii'SO'extend in' like muhner 'as if the ^d'dbcuiSbht1 Were ^chOqUbi Jff '1 Pffividdd that'ndthing in 'this Act^MR $dOOiUeft to rOMm* any

such document a negotiable instfihffent.'

For the purpose of this section Her Majesty's Paymaster General, and the Queen's and Lord .T-Baasurerjs Remembrancer in Scotland shall be deemed, to he bankers, and the public officers drawing on them shall be deemed customers..^,

;&q»5i '(.(fefgfr-'tt i»A! ami -n

Amendment of 18. V^ereas' by the ‘Cbtfiolidatfed'1 PUHd^1 (Pbrinahent Charges

c657 ^of^as P^demP^on) Act, 1873, the Treasury are authorised, as. .rd^&rds regards perma- certain annuities as defined by that Act wMeh arb bnhigedoh the nent charges Qonsblxda^d' Pufid Or moneySmyoViacd: Kadia&'hfel^, fo( conttact

r ttieufAd^.''out bf'Wbneys payable to pfovidecl by Parliament ,npt1 exc6emn|jr 'the^iuUi thdfthf ifieirtlbned,

charities. aha iir the case'of^ an anfiniiy'^hyibl^tp r^®1^0^for';hiny'purpose,

charitable 'or ''b'ihef; fliB 'ctmtmctl'fot ^ih^ifeaS&^tidn1 taade subject .tq jJhe, cojjkenfrffi1 ‘ Ifhe-^Oijrt'of' (MUncBfy, ktiad! the'4noney is required to be paid^Mtortbe

by the Coiift for thfe benefit Of th^pdf^onO entitlbd'^l/CTetO: ''

ljB$& 01- MmnueiAct^lB8$. -m

,fAnd whoreas any guch'eofntraQt .may pBovide fq^ the. said.rederqp> tjop. fhy tbp-#umfier -of,- G$jVeypin«$ cecurities.as ,therhuiclefib$b instead ofby i payment-ofi a aum.of paoney An<f whereas it is expedient to amend the; .sfridjAft !as r^rds. thefirtdemption of annuities, payable for icharitable.puxposes :i ,Be it . t|^efore epacted as follows:

!,. (l.)ijfThe Treasury may- in- pursuance of r the Consolidated Fund p. n(J^manent Charges. Bed^niptioiil, Act, ,187$, , contract frpjn tfinje.jtb' time, with the tCfiarity .Conjpiissiouersfb? -England ,au^ wmil^alefi (in -this section referred to as the Charity. Commissioners) ^nithefTedeRptiQPfe^adiOrunyjof.the nnuuiries under that Act ., whmh are, payable, f or rpharitafile pniposes-in,England or Wales* i'j .and - the. money or,..sec;uritips-r:paid.;or, tr^ferred-;for such redemption may be -paid, .or transferred to the offici^ trustees,of ‘(0 ji charitable .funds, in pursuance ofsuqh contract, andrupon such payment for- transfej; the annuities to which, fho contract .refers u.-shall, ce.ase,.te fee ,charged,on, and payable,;out of the Cpn-,t ...spUduted Fund or, moneys provided..by Parliament, so however ^dithfct any proportionate.jpart of .any such annuity which may .(ir he,dpe, up to, the, dime. opsuch payment or transfer shall he v ,0 t ipajd byjtbe iTrea^ury tQ the .person entitled thereto.

3r^2.^jTThe/ jtflig .Tru^sAc^j t?' sbia^l apply iqfjike

ns.- rajanner as if any money-paid o^ securities transferred $0 .the .F-Aieeidl./official trustees: in..,purauence^of this.,section,jjpr.pthe

ij redemption;(of any annuity had been, paid or transferredrin io joPUfstianee ,Qf+anj order «g$the Qhu-rity,JOom^dssioners^ under the orfj smd /Were tpart-, o^tM'(-en^meiif, % i£i&. charity

u/: ^entitfed.-toithe, annnfty#!^fjbfty;

vir hayathp same meaning asActs..A

oiOiaiJp^ 46 vict. & i.

,Art,it§§?^fWhiehjpr<qYi,d^,fpruthe,borrowing by the, Treasury fi.,i;-,fr,omr the^atjiQnap JDebt, CPmW^oiijeirs^rof0tne capital sum or !njpeuritiesf^ necessary .for scurrying in,tp effect a contract for- the rredemptinnnftf Anyi;apqqity es-.defined;-by the Consolidated'

, - Fund i (permanent -,Charges I Redemption] Act, 1873,* shall, apply for the purposes of this jqqtiqhfj-o

t pART IV.

Repeat!l!l]

19. The Act " mentioned^4m the\ schedule Fto this Act is hereby Repeal of Act repealed ta s fhap schedule men- mschedule-

fioped,.

-PrBvrded that — - ,

-,(1.), This repeal shall not, affect any right acquired or liability ... .incurred before the "passing of ^thfs Apt, praqylegal proeeech ' ing, execution, or process to enforce the same; and any such .^ .proceeding, execution, or process may be constituted, issued,

' carried oh and enforced as if this Act had not passed ;

, (2.) This repeal shall not affect any punishment or penalty for : any offence committed before the passing of this Act Under : any enactment hereby repealed, and such offence may be pro*

M6 ca. 55. JUrnme Acii 1883i 46 & 47 Vies;

secuted and punishment and penaltyimposed in like manner as if tins Act had not passed; and.

* (3.) This repeal shall not affect any execution upon any judgment obtained before the1 passing of 'this Act, and such execution '"may issue and be* enforced in like manner as if this Act had not passed.

i Notwithstanding isueh /repeal, the proprietors of oecttpiers Of £ warehouses approved 'by the ContmisBioners of Customs for .. the: warehousing of goods, or given gby |any other persons on behalf of such proprietors or occupiers for securing the payment of the duties chargeable on warehoused goods, or for the . due exportatiomthereof, shall remain in. full force and effect . against such proprietors, occupiers, and - other' persons and their sureties, if any; and in case ^proceedings shall be taken upon ft any such bond, tke . said repeal shall not bte used as a defence to such proceedings, but all such: bonds shall be read as if there were no condition -therein contained with f egard ‘to the clearing, exporting, iorT©Warehouging of goods withiin five years.1

SCHEDULE.

Sect 19. i :i I ‘ ACTi fthpiaLm

: i Session anS Chapter. = Tine. - Extent of Repeal.

59 & 40 Vict. e. 36. The Customs Con-, solidation Act, 1876. Section forfcy-tw;o fromarticles of foreign ‘maimfaeture'' Sown to ' "place in the United Kingdom," and 'drom " any name, hratad/ or . mark-", down to " plage in the United Kingdom," all inplusive, as from the first day of'January ' one thousand eight/ hundred and j.i ieighty-four. j Section forty-etx., , Sectiomforty-seven from " ?lnd if the 'proper officer" inclusive Ao the end of the section. Section ninety-two. Section ninety-three. Section ninety-eight from ‘ ‘ in which case the proper officer " inclusive to the ena of the section. ? Section two hundred and forty-nine , ,fron» " £tnd in case judgment shall be obtained "rinclngiye to thVend ' of th'6 section.

Ch. 56.

367

\ Education (Scotland) Act, 1883.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Education in Scotland, and for other purposes connected therewith.

[25th August 1883.] lE.it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with | the advice and consent .of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and .Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority,of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Education (Scotland) Act, 1883, Short title, and this Act and the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, and the Education (Scotland) Act, 1878, may be cited together as the Educa-tionr(Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1883.

2. This Act shall, except in so far as otherwise provided, come Commence-intQ'operation- on the first day of January one thousand eight hun- and dred and eighty-four, and shall apply to Scotland only. , .i Act. 0*1'011 °

3. The term "Education Acts" in this Act means the Education Definitions. (Scotland) Act, 1872, the Education (Scotland) Act, 1878, and this

and any other Act amending the same.

In the " Education Acte " sheriff includes sheriff substitute.

A court of summary jurisdiction under this Act shall consist of a sheriff, sitting .either in the ordinary sheriff court or at any place where circuit courts are held for the determination of small debt causes, or pne or more justices of the peace sitting in open court, or the provost or bailie of any royal or parliamentary burgh, or a magistrate of police of any police burgh or a judge of police sitting in the police Court.

4. Section sixty-nine of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, shall Amendment of be read and have effect as if it provided that it shall be the duty of Education6 every parent to provide efficient elementary education in reading, (Scotland) writing, and arithmetic for his children who are between five and Act, 1872. thirteen years o£ .age, and who have not obtained a certificate of

ability to read and write and of a knowledge of elementary arithmetic under section seventy-three of the said Act as amended by this Act, and also for any of his children between thirteen and fourteen years; of age who have not obtained such certificate.

5. Section seventy of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872, and Amendment of

section twenty-two-of i the Education (Scotland) Act, 1878, shall be f- of the amended as Mows , \ 2pf fstXT)

(1.) Section seventy cof the first-mentioned Act shall be read and Act, 1872, and have effect as if it did not contain the words "and are failing and omitting " and the words " and is grossly and ". (Scotland)

- (2,). Section twenty-two of the second-mentioned Act shall be Act, 1878. i1 read and . have effect as if for the word " thirteen ", therein the 'word "fourteen" were substituted, and as if after the words ;> <i"the said fees " therein the words "at any public or inspected jp " school selected by the parent or, failing such selection, i (£}" appointed bj7 the sheriff" were inserted.

6. Prom and after the first day of September one thousand eight 2^*"^ hundred and eighty-five-, notwithstanding the provisions 'of section p°0ye'd §| five of the Education. (Scotland) Act, 1878, and of any Act of Par- labour, liament regulating the education of children employed in labour, the

said Acte shall he read and have effect as if they provided that it

80S CSl.56. EikLcatmn '(Eeotlcmd) Act, 1883. 46 & 47CVkfr.

ssrjballaiotibe lawful fob, any. person! -to taket. into: jhis .employmsnit-a l ehildu being of the,age of ten, iyearsand not more than fourteen years, unlesssuch.child (1) has passed the third standard .prescribed by the minutes of the (Scotch; Education Department regulating, the administration of the parliamentary grant for education in iScotland . for.- the year bh&j thousand eight (hundred; and eighty 4ftreeC) fir a -QOBi^spondangnstajidardijpifesorLbed by bh®>.>8aiid^ minutebi formally * jsub^ecjuent oyea®^ah(f,iife Mtdndii% a public.<©r inspected school in 1 oaffiordancerwitihithe proYiaioqs jofi. ithe twentykthird section! ofnttoe Factory and Workshop Act, 1878, or of any iininute; of ttheiISooteh Education IB^jartmehtiofexihgi tba>itinmherjof);the attdpdaaiceh at school to he required of such children; or[(2) (hast t obtained'arfler-& fcificate bfc&bit&y jto>4eadiandtwrite, ^and- of a Mioitrle^g^ of fele-mentary arithmetic under the seventy4hia?d iseotion of the i Education (Scotland) .Ant; l187j2, as t amended ifey'. the; Am Medi ately succeEnMg section. vlaman ,cbA eidd to anoiioea gniboo

v * Nothing ;ih this jsectiQh shall; makot it lawful doitak© i intofhlht]me employment any child gander; ItSbedsi age;rof 'thirteen >y ears in :ft> factory Iordworfohopiwhichiis-.suhjeet(toithe pidviskMas- rof ithe Fafctory and ^Worksl^;iAct)Di87S:xiffcis9iii ,8©Iim se'irit

Provided that nothing, Aaithia./section shall pflegent an; employer . ' front employing, any iclsiddi -who; is employed by him IdmbyiMy.SIher

5? tpem©n)cbef©are. theefjrsfodlay, oh ^epteshbe^ cni© rthcrtisamdieightttiib-

nA didt isbnu ^drediahdvSightyi-tvvei ^(ktwhjGoattei«lsBJ3^i0filin^ecokdanceowifehL[idie iprqyisionsi ofithie. Factory; and!Wcokshnpw&ht^d^ijf&i n Amendment ot'tc fifab As certi tteatejofc abilityi itot-pead and; 'y rite/ an d . of a kudwled^fe of.i'elementary arithmetjujasbalkj noti Joe' ^ahi^df&i^-favoutobf aiy ehildcbyi fine,-ofi H^.Ma^ebty sjinspeiGtotrsv under rseet£On! .,sekeoiy4hree ;of the i Educationj(Seofcland) 'ALct;.J.87iiJhnless su'chrbhiLd diAfe jfifsed the fifth standard pkesciabedchy ti»e minutest of ithd> Spotch iEducation department, regulating fhe/admfeist ration 0$ the pdrliarh entaryf grant tforieducation\5m Scotland for, theoyeajrrone thousand .eight hundred and eightyethree, oruic^rrespon&ingistafodardTprescrifced by4He«saad minutes ifor any'Subsequent yearn 1; p d } < lom

Si -BasSing io standard within r (the xjafeanitig oof IdhA twodiihmie1-diately preeedingj;ae<daons.*. signifies; pasting ^t*ai©h rpfrrtherL±hiJfife subjects 6f;reading/writing) and elementaryari^mietic,'.aitprteserihed forthexrespective, standards, oft examination by rtherMinuteSiafjJbhe Scotch Education Department 1 regulatingthe: admiriistration ofi the Parliamentary (Grant for Education; !im vScotlandt for.! the x lyeathone thousand' ei^tnhundred s and.)eiglfi^three^;0^tf©rj.anyx; suteCquent yeatv, afohf§i& o?odi at *>A aitfo 1 o gaidiow IsMmontws brm inotoft d 8; If the ,parent of^anyxchild' without reasonableAkou^evnegiectt to.pnovide effieient; :elementary,educaiicai;as aforesaid forthitaohild, or fails to secure thei regular lattendance t of his child at some public cxi inspectedi sdhoel; fit shallb e; lajwfjil; fed d>he i school^ boar dpafter - due waming.thjthe t© complaimit9sa?..court.nfjehm*

mary ju‘jfedictiAayjandisuehi court;m'fiy,^ifiitatj8fied'c)o£.;the4rutii of such .complaint# order,itiiaib ,the:..<dajldijdci attend pomn.ipnsbl^dooBdiHf-^pected school willing toireceive him land, named; ia ithei order,;being either suctkas'th|Q .pprentmayaelcQ't., or/if Ad do'jdofa sdlect-any,. theD such, as,.the,' ooaupb Ahink e^pedieut/and th© child shalbaf tehd <that school every timei theysohoolijsi+opeh/apdidmiiag TfeheTfw-hdee jfeiind

8. 73 of the Education (Scotland) -Act/TOT^.

Meaning of passing a standard.

Provision as to order of a court for attendance at school of child neglected by parent.

369

'1883.. .. W Minication (Sc0tla/rid)'A<d,18$3. CH. aS.

such t school is- open for the instruction of children^ of similar age| including the day' fixed by Her Majesty's inspector for his' anmial visit; or in such other regular manner ds is specified in the order. }

; An order under this section is in this! Act referred to as an aftend-. ance order.

10. Where an attendance order, is i not complied with without Proceedings on

H 11 , a . . r . v , . i . , disobedience to

reasonable 'excuse, acourt ot summary jilrisaicfcion, m complaint order of court

imade by the school board,1 may, if it think fit; impose a penalty net for attendance

exceeding' twenty shillings, with expenses; or ofT imprisonment not at sclwo1,

exceeding; fourteen i days: s

Is A complaint under this- 'section; shall Act'be repeated at any leis interval.than one month.

- i'll:) Any' of "the following reasons :shall be a reasonable excuse Reasonable within i ithe meaning of sections'seventy and > seventy-two of the exeuse-Education Scotland) Act,'18^2, and of-; the two: immediately preceding sections of this Act, namely,- —

. : /That the' child has ;been prevented from attending 'school by

7 joJaiickness or any other unavoidable cause fill f !ax(&$rcfi3i&t 4here< .is-; sm publip or ^inspected -school - which the > child can attend within three miles, measured^aceordieg to> ' the t. / c nearest road;:fopikfcfbe residence of such' child. J 8

:12:(Whare'th«[kt%tll-bp^diareiiirformed. by any perstmiof any Duty of school -tMHiiipithmr ^disEfcfictJwh©! is^ated'-by that person not - to^be An ^take cojoibev/oforeceiving nefementaary education'by regular attendance'it under this Act, some public or inspected/school - or otherwise^ it shall he the duty iqf th&krbool bokrd'to: take-proceedings under sections nine and tdii ofio 5 this Act,i runlefesi' djhe-sbhGpl boiardj ifoh seasons to bei sefforth in their mMute; thinkrtiiat'itisxinoxip^ipnt-to tadcp'sfichIprOceedingsiuj:

13j Where the Scotch Education Department ai-e of opiniontha^: ititmuIdiMoPx^diAht that'FtPWO ofc mbfe'-tchooljhom'dsj whetherbf school, patishes jor rbnhghq oti parishes' and ibhrght' should eomttne for; the Jpufpose ofiproviding or maintaining'and keeping' effitient a school lor^scHOo|d common (to ;such1 parishes jor burghs or parishes and burghs, they may, after such inquiry and notice asshall seem proper, -sendiihe7saidiSehbohb®ard® a requisition requiring them .to comBine for i th® Ipurposa of. providing or maintaining' and'keeping efficient such'-schqoLor) sehodls,x upon* -terms and conditions set forth in such riqifisitiOn.plandiith© sa®dB®ch;ooL boards shall- comply, with such rtqifisitionj vrithout .un<Meid©lay; and if theyfail theyanayf bO sum'*-marrly compelled! fed^sodby thetiGfeuBtof SessroHj-'on a1 petition-and complaint at. theidhstance ofi thei Lord*Advocate;. and for the-more efficient and economical working of this Act in those districts which havA no .-public school or schools in' , their own district,the( Scotch Eddcation. Department shall have power to combine under one board sudb- distriet tor districts with an adjoining district, whether burghal or; landward, or partly burghal and partly landward, upon such terms and-conditions as1 may seem to such;department reasonable.

14. (Section"twentydbrOe of''the'Education (Scotland) Act, 1 is hereby (repealed, and 'i® fiou thereof it is! enacted' as follows: expenses-of-

. i Every prosecution' for-'penaitiesj o® for the purpose* of obtaining prosecution®, any: order under‘the Education Acts,-orfer the purpose of obtaining onenforcing am attendance- order- under this Act,* may take place before >a court of summary jurisdiction (whose decision shall befinal,

|T[Ho. h. Price 2d] A a

3fO Ch. 56,57. Education (Scotland) Act, 1883. 46 & 4<7 Ym:

but subject to, the provisions of the Summary Prosecutions Appeals (Scotland) Act, 1875,) under the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and in any such prosecution any person appointed by the school board, or any inspector or sub-inspector of factories, Workshops, or mines, as the case may be, may appear before the court and 'conduct the prosecution, ;

It shall not,be lawful to award expenses against: (1) any person appointed by a school board to ^prosecute,' whether that person, is or is not a procurator fiscal; or (2) against any inspector or sttb-inspector acting under the Acts regulating factories, workshops; or mines respectively;

Where a prosecution, as in this section mentioned; is instituted by a school board before a; court of summary jurisdiction, Up menfbfer of such sohool board shall be qualified to act as a member of such court.

Construction of 15. Where any act; neglect,' Or default is." punishable Under 'this Act, and also under any, other enactment;'proceedings may be insti-ments. tuted in respect of such act; neglect, or default under this Act Or Stich other, enactment, so that proceedings under one enactinerit iorily1 be instituted,in respect'of the same'act, neglect/ Or default. I.

r , CHAPTER 57.

An Act: to amend and, consolidate1 the Daw relating* to Patents for Inventions; Registration of Design'S1,1 aMlof Trade Marks.1 ' i *M f J 1J ![26th Augdst^lS&Sl]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by

the advice and consent of the Lords , Spiritual and Teinboral, and' 'Oommoris, in this present Parliament' assembled,' and by the authority of the same, as "follows i

fi PART I. ..... *; h

PRELIMINARY. i,.: ..... ..

Short title. LoThis . Act .may-,be.,<cLted- as the* Patents,A'Designs, ari'd Trade

Marks Act, 1883. . a,

Division of 2i;, Xbis; Act* is divided .into parts, as follows ts# : *

.Act into parts. d j//: Part L-^Pbeli

:v<iryy, f gjjS \. f: Part U.^-PATENTS':;

4 ff1 Part IIt.^DESidifs.f id 8';«o idt nit* Part IVi1-1 — Titade iMAKKk. W .litfW P^bTV?;A-€l®ltEEAL;‘ -= ' ' -

3.' This Actj&iciEpfr where it ds otherwiseexpressed, shall commence feom and inrin^dihtely after thb‘thirt^fi‘rst:dhy of 'Deip&bef one- thousand- C%ht'huridred and' Cighty-^brCef. J '

PART II.

;,i. Patents. .....

AppUmtittrl Jbr and Grant1 ,

"4.T1.). Ahy persop, whether ,a iBritigli (Subject or not,/may make an application for a patent.

[Commencement of Act.]

Part EL Patents.

Persons entitled to apply for patent.

Part I. Preliminary.

1888.

[Patents, Designs, arid Trcccle MaHtff Act,-1883.' tk 57. 87i

(2.) Two of rrio're persons may make a joint application for a PahtII. fi&tent, Arid a patent may be granted to them jointly. Patexts.

j fi- (I.) An application for a patent must be made, in the form set Application forth in the First Sche^yie to this Act,iOf in such other form as may ayd speeifica-be from time to,time prescribed; and must be left at, .or sent by ,on‘ post to, the patent officein the prescribed manner.

(%) An application must,con tain a declaration to the effect that the applicant is in possession of an invention, whereof he, or in the case ,of a joint application, one or more of the, applicants, claims or claim to be the true and first inventor or inventors, and for which he or they desires or desire to obtain a patent; and must be accompanied ,by gither a provisiopalnr,conqplete specification.'.

(3t) A provisional specification must describe the nature of the indention, and be accompanied by drawings, if required.

SRrftjf A complete specification, whether left..cm application oxjsub-aequently, must particularly describe and ascertain the nature of the invention, and in what manner it is,to ,be performed, and must, be accompanied by drawing^, if required.

,;'(5.) A specification,whether provisional or complete, must commence with the title, and in the case of a complete specification must end with a distinct statement of the invention claimed.

8,j The comptroller rihall-reier every applicationi to an examiner, Reference of ascertain and report to the comptroller whether the nature examiner.11 ° j of l i^Yqn,ti<m ^bqen fai4y described, and .the application} speci-

fica tion, fVa'WWS1.:(if - any) have been prepared in the prescribed

.mariner, and the t^tle sufficiently indicatesthe subject matter of the invention,!' ;

7* jgppj# thjftt.j&c, patipre .«f the invention ds Power for

not fairly described,' or that: the applicationfSpecification or drawings <wmPtrolIei; to -i ' , j -i i - _ o - refuse applica-

ihas not or have-not been prepared m the prescribed' manner, or that tion or require

the title does not sufficiently indicate the subject .matter of the in- amendment.

vention, .the comptroller may.require that the application specification \

or drawings- be amended before Me' proceeds with. the application. ..

*(%) iWhere jflie' hom'ptiollier requires an amendffienti'the appfil^nt

may appeal from his decision to the law officer.

18.) 4The law officer shall; if required, hear the applicant^akid^the

comptroller, and may make - anr order deterihining whether nnfi

Subject to what conditions, if-any,: the application shall be. accepted:

, pjk) The comptroller shall,>whent ail-applicfettf6n-has beep accepted,

give; notice 'thereof to the;applicant r

f^(5.) If after aii application has'been made; but before a patent has been pealed, an application is made, accompanied by a spereffiettion bearing [the spTne:;/W' a similar title, it shall be the duty of the bkaminer to report to the, comptroller whether the specification appears to him to comprise '"toe same invention.; and, if he reports in the affirmative, the conriptipller'shall give' notice to the applicants that he has so reported^®

(6.‘) Where the examiner repofts-'in the affirmative, the comptroller may determine, subject,to an appeal to fthe law officer, whether! the; invention comprised , in both applications? is the sgmie, and if-SO he :may refuse to seal1 a patent on the application of the second applicant.

372 Ch. 57. Patents, D6signs, and Tr<ide Marks Act, 1883, 46 & 47Yiet.

Part ip, 8. (Is.) If the, applicant does not leave a complete specification Patents, ^h hLS' applicaltioni' he may leave it at any subsequent time within .pjmg for nine months from the date of! application.

leaving com- (2.) Unless a complete Specification is left within that time the piete spccifica- application shall be deemed to be~abandoned.

Comparison of 9. (1.; where a complete specification'is left after a provisiririffi provisional, specification, the comptroller shall both1 sp^cifiiclaltfoh^!t^Jah

foir';Ae'f ptu^dsp: of dScetefinig-Whether the' complete spem^tldn biasbben 'prepared inth^ppescnbedm^ the mv^abn particularly dhscHbed1 lh thd' cbih^fetb1'^pCcififeEtio^ls substantially the ^the as that Which is described in the provisional specification., J <y

|tf^ey^sukdner repbtfcCthat'thd Conditi'ops heiieinhbfore contkhJed have1p5S-^e4»tk. complied with, the fcdrfipttbllet ifia^ ibfitkb to accept the complete 'specification1 hulesS1 and until the sa^ie' shall Have beefo ahiehded to his satisFa'ction.; but any kUbh! 'rCFutal shall be Object to appeal to the law'bifleefc. 1

(3.) The laW officer Shall, if redui^a, heat the applicant and the comptroller, and may make ahJ orriep 'determining' whether and subject to what Condition's,^' any, the^bofifylete1 specification shall be accepted.

,(4.) Unless a complete^ ^pecificiation !ikAccepted within twelve months' from, the date bf amfiCatibnj fhbh' (^ayb in the ciaSe 6f an apjleal having been lddged gainst the'ltnfbsalfb'acCem) the application' shall, at the ekpiratibn bf thoSe twelve ffctbhthk,' bbebihe1 ybra.K'

'(,50: Reports of eiahuhers shall hbt in^ any Ca&e b^pubhshMbVIe opeh to public1 inspection, and shall ifot be liable tb "prOdubticfflhf inspection in! any legal proceeding, other than an appeal' tb tM'la% officer under this Act, unless the court orub'ffiCer having pOWbr'to order discovery in such legal proceeding shall certify that such production or inspection isdesirablein the interests of justice, and ought to;be*.allowed. > ni , .

Advertisement lo. On thef acceptance! Of 'the OoihplCte specification thO conip-^campirte06 troller'shall ‘advertiseythb^ acceptance y !0htd ‘the application*' add specification. specification oir'SpbCificatibiis' ysdth‘rthh'drawings (if any) ShalUbfe open to public inspection. * *

rt° ii^ j(i.) Any1 person may at any 'time'Witlim,tWb' months from p .tent. the date of the advertisement of the , acceptance, of a complete

specification give notice at the patent office of'1 opposition to the grant1 Of the patent on the'ground of the applicant having Obtained . the invention from! him,-1 or from a person of whom, he is the legal jmijB&iilv.-.- ‘representative, or on the grotbid thattheinvOntiOn has been patented ih this cbtlntfy On an appheatibn of prior date^br On the gmuhi&bf an examiner having reported to the comptroller that the ispecificatibn appears to him to compriSd1 thfe same invention as is comprised in a Specification bearing the Same-or a similar title and accompanying a previous application, but on no other ground.

(2.) Where such notice is given the comptroller shall give notice of the oppositions the^applieaht, and shall, on .the expiration of those two months, after hearing the^applicant. and the person so giving noticey if desirous of< being heardy decide on the. .'case,! but subject to appeal to the law officer.

m

3MB. ' Designs, flr&tk $8l$k 4 Cfe. 57:

no.(&) fiThe; daw o$icer shad, if required, Bear tie apidicffikb apd $py ?as?, ii,

person songiving notice and feeiag,4n the opinion law o®3erf entitled to be heard in opposition to, the grant, andi'ShaUdetermiae whether the grant ought or ought not to be made..

(4) The law officer may, df-hedhinkssfit, obtain the assistance of an.pxp.eft* who afiallbe paid such, remuneration as the^avvt officer,

mthihe consent.'of tl^ Tre^wm; shall appoint. I

rfjm! ,(i.) , Jf there ^q*hor ppjwsitxioii, or, In case of pjffioffitipii, if the Se»iipg,oC,; detehnination is, ..in favour of ,jh@rgrant.of n pathnt,.the, ppffigfpller patfin- sjliqll papse a patent pp be sealed, with the seal ,o£ the patent office.f, r fz.) ,A patent .sorsealpd shall have the same,.effect as ift it, wpre sealed with the Greai Seal of the United Kingdom.

A,patenb, shall he seajedfa& socmas ^ay, he, and not after the ^j^gtjgU, ojf j^teen,ffidpfhsf^offif^r^ ,of appljLca^q,

delsy^by an appeal ip.- the la^oigppn or by opposition to the graj^pifye p odl ifhp,fy.w.pificQrmay $recL * ...n/',-

JbnJ^n 4^?- %fefe-w^.O^P-har

Hm[B .p^tegt b?

to his legalJ repres6htalive and sealed at any time witma^twelv^ aYf0,mopjth^ tdte.r.thOodeath.ehthe applicant.

rr F. 13.9K^erym^hent ..sh^h lie 4a^d-and.,sealed' as ©J| thq.day, %, Date of

application: Provided^ be taken hr Patjnt-

ot pi infringement committed *h©tpw the puhh?ntipnof jfchercpippfete

in ,pasp' of mbre-than, piie^,phlica-aTpa^ent^fprf tgp ^etmjent^ph,rihe sealingjpl,^iwp^ijct on one se&j pat^t

(QjUf ag^rhgg^j^hp^pn..-

, j j&fPSVl^Wf^ .PA:pi^ip^ ffijaffi'

14. Where an application for a patent in resf)ecto&i? an; invention Provisional J^Sob^W ipygn^fpn ^qyi,dn5jpg, fth^j, P^}°d'‘he^?en

ithe 4%te<igf(,the §pphp^on^jtheD^ate(of,sq§4i^.^uoh patent,hp ^ed/:. and(idtlp^[Prffli*i4^c^utR i >t%b§^ grated

for the same; and'such protection from thp^pgsegjjp^eesnf ^eiffijd publication is in^ this. Act referred to as provisional protection.

Uonwlete opetymcanmi..

,15. Aft#ivthp..afieept^ftc§iiffi^ c.Offiplete, (epeei%^ti8U and untjhthe Effect of

ldft£ ‘#ftsealing,a()p%teftt M$:W® acceptance of

ttjiaejfor [sealing, ^pti^pho^uh.iSl^lij^Y^ i^ud s^tion.

i^ghfeijas &* patent dj^vth^dn^q^iffi^jhftftjJwties^iftU'^hfijdate

tpfxjthei jae^ephan#,eiis-fftfe#^ i (ftnt jftn

applicant shall not be entitled to

jangejment,unless and until apatent for -wp vbwpntiw- hasiihefn granted to him.

1 otinmoo m

ir- l©.r/Ekery patent when isealedi-shall iavPjeffeotnfcbrQqghouiitthe Extent of UmtedoKkigdomamdotheTlsle»(of^aUi-:i ^Hjif^bflont

47ia^.^dThe^teiiiA>timJ^d in patentftr'Ithtd.UBatiiiai the»4qf shall be fourteen years from its date!, y/r! ) iif # is

74

Cjt o!7. Patwte, Ik^ig^(Vnd Trade Marks,Act,. 1888, 46l& 47 Vicrrr

Paivi;IL Wtwth$taij.!cling .anything thereih)or

tlflSfl ih^his frgt,cease if i>^e)patenfe6e,lfails ,to .make, . the; prescribed pay*, meets Tfrithia the (prescribed Irenes.

(3.) If, nevertheless, in any case, by accident mistake, or inadventa ence, a patentee fwJs.--.tP; make- lanyHpecscribad payment within the pre^ribedtime, he may apply .tP. the, comptroller for an enlargement of tb e time for making tb at- payment, i,.,

I (4i) Thereupon the*opmpti;olle^,«halbiJf''Satisfied.that the failtij'e v >! has arisen from any of the,;above-mentioned causes, oh receiptof the; pi'.esQ^ibedfiee for renlargement,imot -exceeding ten pounds, enlarge the j accordingly, fSnbje&tltch the following, conditions^ i n

(pQ, ,The time. for, (making- any payment .shall) not in! any case i fee, u,; enlarged ,fort more than,three months'/ .; ui(h); If any proceeding shall be. taken in'respech of»an infringement! jo of: the .patent icoxnmitted after a failure,to ,make any payment , iwithinthe prescribed time, and before the 'enlargement thereof,:

-5jfj the Qonrfc before which,the..proceedingas proposed tojfee taken.

;i may, if i.^ pbaU ?think to, award-. or giveiany damages

faajffiHi respect of fsnch, infringement.:

Ppf;t. . , I-tui-f "Amendment

Amendmeutofr 18. (1.) im applicant, or a patentee may, from time to time, by j speci cation, ,%i writing left at the patent office,' seek leave to asnenddtis

spedficatipm including dr&wingis ibraning ,plart thereof, -by way of discladmerJ! spiTpciJpgt,. or explanation, siting (.the nature iof such areep4ment and his(r,e^spnsdojfi tl^game. j ,

, (2.) The request and the nature mfr sqqb proposed. amendment shall, he^advertised ip therpreeeribed ijek-ffftiTi jand^t any time :within ope month, from, its Jarst (advertfremenLapy ^pereon may gives notice at the patent office of opposition amendment.

*.(St) "Inhere such notfre;is,given jhe

of the dpposmpn to the person.m^mg^hejrpqpeat, and shall,hear and d$q|fc thft an- appeal .to tfry 4aw,ve^jegr. ,k

.$), The' law officer. sh all,if]required, liea r.the,.person- . making; the request mid. tap person so ^vinej fiphifep,i(iid being in the opinion, of the law officer entitled to freheard^m 0^onjtQ"tfr4yeftbesfa aha shall determine whether fria subject to what conditions, if any, the amendment -ought to he- allowed.

. (5.) Where no notice of opposition js given, nr the nerson so giving notice does not appear, thd ajoffiptfr.blter Shall determine whether and .. subject jjtfrwhat ,Renditions, if) any, tiber ama^fraent:.-ptight' t<£ffoe allowed. . ..

l>i(.6.) When.frave(,to amend',frfrefused by, the comptroller, the pfert scm making'the request may appeal fromi; hif ^decision , to rtheti&W officer. < -

-^7+) .The law officer shsll if 'pequired^hearv-the1'person making the-requestand the.comptroller, and.m&y-m&ke- an order-detethiiniiig whether, , and, subjecti to whafr conditions* if any, the amendment

ought tq,b6i^p.wM-Jij I..,.-.^:ifrvi-;'t.

ajll.he ajiqwedytbat; wo.uld^make the specification an amended* elaiq1 an qpefcntioiieubstantially'largp.r, tw-ri Hi?: suhstaptiafry different from the ipyeption claimed.hysthe specification as it stood before amendment.

188.3'. - PM Patents, Designs, anicl Trade Marks Ad, 1883.'1 Ch. 57. 3^5

lpt|l heave to Amend shall foe conclusive as tb the right 'of the Pi»T EL

party to make1 the amendment' allowed, except in case of fraud; patbsts. and the amendment shall in all courts and for All purposes bb deemed to form part of the specification.

'(liO.) The foregoing provisions of this''section'do not apply when and so long as any action for infrihgeriie&ib or Other legal proceeding in relation to a patent is pending.1''

19. (1.) 1 In an actibn' for infringement* bf a parent, and in a pro- Power to dis-ceeding for revocation of a patent; the'Oourt of a pidge may at any1 °

time Order that the patentee shall, subject to1 Stich' terms as to costs' during action, and otherwise as the Oourt 'or a judge may impose, b'e' At liberty to &c-apply-at the Patent Office for leave to ‘ ataCnd his1 specification by way of disclaimer, and may direct that in the meantime1 the trial of hearing of the action shall be postponed;

20; Where' an1 amendment by way of disclaimer,1 correction, or Restriction on explanation;has bien allowed under this Act, nddamag'eS ‘Shall be recovery of - % giveh in Any Action in respect ‘Of the hse Of the inPentibh bfefdfe the 36

disclaimer, Gbrrection/of-'explanatioh1, "unless"the patentee BstAMishes to the1 satisfaction of the* Court that' hiS' original claim w&S framed in good faith and with, reasonable, skill and knowledge.

21. Every amendment1 c>f asp'ecificatibn shall he advertised in the Advertisement prescribed-‘Manneiv:f'--[l / J:.* .Viiiiui/i-i -Hi ofamendinent.

ni ^rl'i'iifw. i»ili ^sGqmpalmry Licenses. wnOo Lbm&ahxtdi rf

i 22. If/bWfhfe pbfiitlffii bf airyp^risbif intBreS^d1 it fid pfhH'ea tb' Power for] the Board of Trade that 1 default of a pateptbbWBoartdo^order

giarn,1 licenses on reaSbna'Me"teri# — Ba / ."L 'i^ses.

©Arrhe'-reaabhabld rCfpifremeMs1 Of the hdbfrc^fcH^rehj^f'tb thb "''invention caffiibtxh^-^SpjMeld£; <$;M

ij®|j'Any-pytabh ‘hi hreVdnted'^oid-i' ivbi&in|^W iisffig' ,tb' fne‘ bdst ' advantage ah '^8^1!®';"*

the Board ina^bfd# the patefiMe tb ^aht^liCenMi oh' siiHh teritik1 as' td 'the amouhtJibf BthWriye,

asithe; Board,^Aving fegard tb th&' And: the"

ch'eumstance^ '6fJtMhase;Jffir^d^ 5n^t, An^ airy su$i‘ otQbr iflay her 'enforced §§§l mandamus. 3:

i -l£j..,la

'"QS;1 (1^-There4shall hb kept At'the pateiit'dfficeJia fodokPaRed' Register of the Register of Patents, wherein shall -he Chteteth the names -and Patents-addresses-of I'grantees of patients'4 hbtijfcaridHffidP^ anri of .

transmissions i!of patents, of'diceifeeS 'uh'der1 patents, and bf AMhd-ments/extensions, and revocations of patents,^and'such other .mattork affecting the validity Or' prbprietefship of patofftsAs' My fririn time tO‘time he pres&tibdd.* u---'

h^.p The register !bf pAtefrtSj shall beptim'A fade CVicfehee of afty matters by this Act directed or authorised to he 'insetted thereim ‘i(8.p Ctpies-^bf deeds, licenses, and any btftef ddtuMnts‘.aSecting the proprietorship' in any' letters patent'Of fft ^ny licehSethbrefindm^ must' Mpjdied) tb'the -PCmptroller in' the presdribedMaMCrifor.

fihng in the Patent Office.

m

Ch.57. Patents, Dteigks'MnS& 47 Vfttf.

FUtrft a, , .:;,

Patents. g4. (£*) There shall he paid in. respect of, the several instruments

Fees in described in the Second Schedule to this Apt* the fees .in,..that

schedule. schedule: mentioned, andj these shall like^ipe, ,be, paid, in, respect of

other matters,under; this part of ithe, Act, such ^ees as may he from time to time, with the sanction of the Treasury,; prescribed by the Board of Trade,; a»d such <feesj^?fill he levied and. paid to. A the account of Her Majesty's (Exchequer sin such-manner asthe-Treasury m&y. from; time, ;hp time direct.

The, Board, of .Trafde v&y, fropi^time to.time^ifi,theyi(think fit, with the consent of the Treasury, reduce any jof ,those .fees*

in ~ -), u- qfYerjn,

tem of patent 25. (1.) A patentee mayyafber ad^ertising iii manner directed by on petition to any rules made,under this section hisintention to do.so,/present a Ooanciim petition to Her Majesty in Council, prayingithat, his patent may be extended for a further term v;hut evi3h (petition, must ho- presented at least six months before the Time Jiinltad for the expiration of the patent.

- (2.) Any person may enter a caveat, addressed to;the Registrar of the Council at the. Ctouncal Office, against the extension.

, (3.) If Her Majesty shall be pleased to refer any such petitiqri to the Juditial Committee of The, JPrivy-Council, jtbte said Committee shall proceed ,to consider the same, and the. petitioner and.iany person who has entered a caveat shall be entitled itO he hearth Jay himself or by. counsel on the I petition.,.

(4.) jThe Judicial Committee; shall, in consideting their decision, have .regard to the > nature and merits of i the invention. in .relation to the public, to the profits made by the patentee as such, and, to all the..circumstances of the case.. > ,

(5.) If the. Judicial Committee-report that, the, patentee has- been inadequately remunerated by his patent, it- shall be lawful forj-Heai Majesty, in Council, to extend. the termi of the ,patent for afurther term, not exceeding seven, groin t exceptional! i cases, ^fourteen, yearn; or to order the grant of a new, patent foat the ,tenm therein .mentioned, and containing any restrictions, conditions, and provisions that the Judicial Committee may think/fit1.'

(6>,)' It shall he-lawful, for Her Majesty iin Council; to., make* fern time to time, rules!.-of (procedure,.and? practice \for (re^idatinjgjiprDft ceedings on such petitions, and subject thereto such/1 proceedings shall be, regulated according to the (existing procedure; and.praetice in patent matters of, the Judicial Committee. :,:j i no(7J The costs, of aR parties of and, incident to.such.proceedings shall be in the discretion. of,;the;JudieiaJi Committee; -and theoirdeus of the Committee-respecting, costa^heliibaienforceablei as if.they were orders-of a division of, the-High! Court of .Justice.

revocation of 26. (1.) The proceeding, by scire ^facias to repeal a patent is

patent. hereby abolished.

Revocation, of a patent.may be phtained ion, petition t&She

Court.

j$#3. t! :/ JP&tmt8,\De$ign8, unci' Trade Maa'Jce Ad, 1883. Ch. 57. 577

, (3.) Every ground on which a patent might, at the commence- Pah* 11. ment of this Act, be repealed by scire facias shall be available by Way of defence to an action of infringement and shall also bie a jtorand of revocation.

? (&); A 'petition for revocation of a patent may be presented by — e*'(af.)J,The: Attorney-‘General in England ori Ireland, or the Lord jill Advocaite in Scotlandi

od(bt)' Any person authorised by the1 Attorney-General in England 71 j j> jqt Ireland, or the Lord Advocate in Scotland: ‘

(c.) Any person alleging that the patent was Obtained in' fraud of iiinihis1 rights,'dr Of the' 'rights df any pCrsonf liflderf ov' through whdm^hd claims; >

(d.) Any person alleging that he, or any person under or through whom he claims, was the ! true investor* of any invention (J included in the claim of the patentee: -

£ Ary person alleging that he,1 or any person under -or through (whom 'hei claims' an interest in any trade, jbu'sineteis, Or ?manu* fcd 11faeturc,; had'ipubliCly' miuufaetured; tmed; dr itold, within^ this di Irealm,^before the date 'of the patent, anytMiig'claimed by the patentee as his invention.

The-plaintiffmust deliver with his petition particulars of- the objections 1 on which he means to rely; and no evidence shall,' except byileavp Off the r Court or 7 a j udge; be admitted 'id proof' of;any objection of which particulars are not so delivered. '

711(16. j>rBartieulars delivered* maybe from time to time amended by tiave (of The Court or a j udge; *1 a (7.) The defendant shall be? entitled rt6' begin, and give-evidence inosupport eft? the^patent, and ifiThe plaintiff gives-'evidence ^impeaching the validity of the patent The -defendant shiallbe entitled taxeplyv > >>

a (8.) Where a patent has been revoked on' the ground of 'fraud; the, cmnjbtroller may,l On The application' of the trU© inventor made inbiccordance with the provisions of this Act, grant to him a patent indieulof and ibearing the same dat© as.the date of revocation of the patent soorevuhedrhutThe'patent so granted shalbcease on the expiration of The term for which the* revoked patent was granted.

yasui yujjiaunoj Uioiiml patent- shall have to allintents the like effect as Patent to bind against 'Her Majesty the Qupeh,' her'hbirs and successors;: as1it had Crown-against a subject. ' > -

oj(j2j)i<But the officers* or authorities 'administering any~department of the service of the Crown.' * may- by themselves, theinagents, cpn-tptetersj 'orpthers, at any time after tWapplicatioU, use the invention fori the? services of the OroWn oil1 terms >td -be before or after the use thereof agreed on, with the'approval of the Treasury; between those officers or authorities and the 'patentee, or, in default of, Such agreement, on such terms as may be settled by the Treasury after hearing all parties interested;^11

Legal Procee&mgs.

- 28. -(l;)r'In an action or proceeding'-for infringement or revocation Hearing with of a patent, the Court may, if it thinks fit, and shall, on the request asse8SOr*

378 Cff. 57* Patents, Designs> <md Trade Marks Act, 1889. 40 & 47 Vfofr r

Paot n. of -either 'of the parties; to, the* proceeding; .call in the1 .aid of -an Patents, assessor .specially qualified, and try and hear the 'case wholly or i partially witht his assistance.; the i action i shall be tried' without a jury unless the court shall otherwise direct. 1 — 4(*2.) The Court'of Appeal or the Judicial Committee of 'the Privy Council may, if they see fit, in any. proceeding before themi respectively, call in the aid of an assessor as aforesaid, i (9.) The remuneration, if any, to he paid , to tan- assessor under thiasection shall her determined by the. Court or the Court, of Appeal or Judicial Committee, as the case may .be, and be paid in the same manner as the, other expenses of i the execution of this; Act. , Dattion?arsf 29. (1.) In an action for infringement of .a patent. thes plaintiff, must, deliver, with his ( Statement, ofi claim, or by order of the ;Coju£t or the judge, at any subsequent time; particulars oft.the,.breaches, complained of.

f( (2$ The defendant must deliver with his statement' oft defence, or;by order of the Court or a judge, at any subsequent, time, particulars iof,any objections on which,he relies, in support thereof.

(8.) If, the1 defendant disputes the validity of the patent, the particulars delivered by him must state on what, grounds he disputes it,; and if one of those grounds is ;want of novelty must state the tune and place of the previous publication or user adeged by him. i, .

. (4.) -At the hearing no evidence, shall, except by .leave «of - the Court or a judge, be admitted in proof of (any. alleged . infringement or objection of which particulars are not so, delivered / Particulars delivered may be from time .to, time amendedjfby leave-of the Court or ;ajudge,.-; ..

- (6.) On, taxation of costs regard shall be had to the partimlaars , delivered by the plaintiff and by, the defendant; and they respectively shall not be allowed any, costs, jnc.respect,of any particular .delivered by them .unless the same is certified,by the Court, or a judge to have, been proven or to have been i reasonable/ and. iprope®, without regard toithe general.costs,of the-|Case., ,

Prder^i &c 30. In an action for infringement of a patent, the. Court or adjudge m^uon, c., m&y 0n the application of either party make .such .order for, an injunction inspection, or account, and impose, such^terms and give such directions respecting the same and the. proceedings thereon as the Court or a judge may see fit-certificate of 31. In an action for infringement of [-.a - patent* the Counter a Vaes&oned may certify that the validity, of , th^patent.came in questie®;

costs thereon, and if the Court or a judge 7so certifies, then in, amyl subsequent action for infringement, the,plaintiff in that, action on, obtaining a final .order, or judgment,in his,favouri shall .have his ifull costs, charges and expenses, as between solicitor and client unless/;the Court or judge trying the, action (Certifies that he ought not to (have the same. v

Remedy in case (l 32. /Where any person.‘Claiming , to*ba the patentee, of *;an invenr thiea^sof1 legal tio%by.,circulars advertisements or 1 otherwise threatens >any other proceedings, person with any legal proceedings or liability iure^ectef any alleged manufacture use sale or, purchase of the,Invention, any,. person!eh persons aggrieved thereby., maynbring an-action against him; and may obtain, am injunction against) the . continuance ? of/such .threats, and .may- recover,;such damage ,(if anyj a& may baye-been , sustained

i98a

379

\Patents', Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883. Ch. 57.

thereby, if the! alleged manufacture, use, sale, or purchase to-which Pakt ii. the threats related was not in fact an infringement of any le^al Patents. rights, of' the person making such'bthreats: Provided, that1 -this section shall not apply if the person making such threats with due diligence commences and prosecutes an action for infringement ;of hia> patent.

Miscellaneous. <r

38. ' Every patent may be in the-form in the First Schedule' to Patent for one this Act, and shall be granted'for one invention only, 'but may boh- inyention only-tain'more than one claim; But it shall ridtrbe competent for any

person in an action or other ' proceeding to take any objection tb a pdtent on the ground that it comprises1 more than One invention:- d '84. (Ij) If1 a person 1 possessed' of an invention1 dies 'withdrtt nf

making application for a1 patent for the invention] application may representative be made by, and a patent for the invention granted to, his ‘legal of deceased representative. - < ' "r,: *; 'tm x zMrbasiO'BciiJ U&- inventor.

(r2r) Every such * application must'be made within six months of the dectease of such person,'‘and mUst 'contain & declaration by the legfd< representative "that he believes such person to be the-tide and frst inventor of the invention.

35. ' A1 "patent granted1 to the true and firstr in vert tor 'sb all hiot

be invalidated' by an1 Application ‘irt fraud of him, Or by provisional invalidated by-protection obtained: 'thereort,1 ‘or by ' any7 use or * publicationr of the application in in&ention subsequent to1 that<:'fraudulent application1 ‘during 'the fraud of him. period of provisional protection. *

36. A patentee' may assignhis patent? for any plaee in O-rpart of Assignment for the United Kingdom, or Isle of Man, as effectually' aS if the pateilt p^alar were'Originally granted to extetrd tOrth&t place or part only.

37i^If a patent is "lost 'or11 destroyed,1> Or its1 'non-prodnction- fife' l-oss or de-accduntbd'1 for rt0 thd satisfactioiHif thef'cOrtiptrolleri' the feoinptrolier 8t^ction of may at! any tirde cabsO' a1 'duplicate thereof to-be Sealed1/

38;1 The 'law Officers may‘examine witnesses on* oath'and ad- ^oceedings minister oaths for that purpose undfir this part of this Atet; and may before law front time'to time* make, alter, and rescind1 rules regulating references officer. y and'appfeals to?th'e'llaw*officert' and the prartice and procedure before themMuhderrthis1 part 'of this1 Act; and in anyptbbeeding hefoVe either of the law‘officers under this part of this; Act, 1 the ' law Officer may order costs to be paid by either phrty, and any 'sUeh Order' nday bef made: a rule1 Ofthd Court: * *

39. The exhibition 'Of an invention:,:at %duStriaPor ffttef- at

national ekhiffitiOn; certified as'Such 'by the Board of Trede, of the mternatuftai ‘ publication of' any description BfHhb "invention during the period eahibifion not-Of the- holding of the'eAibitiony'or‘the'use ;of the invention ftr toF thetpurpose1 of ‘the exhibition15rt the1 place whefre'tMfi' ,exMbitiOrt'is "S

held; br the'usfe of theifivUntiOU1 during1 the pfefiOd<3of%he holding1 Of

the exhibition by any person elsewhere, without the privity or consent of the inventor; shall not prejudice the 'right of the inventtr orhik legal personal' repreSentative'Ho'apply for - and obtain' pro1 visional protection and a patent! in respect of the'invention or the validity of' any' patenti granted 1 on-thfe application,' provided that both the following conditions-are bomphed With/'hamely,^i!

( -ftti')'' The exhibitor inuStj feefore exhibiting the inVOhtiOn*,‘give the ‘'""Comptroller the prescribed 'notice Of his intention tO' do' so'; and

880

Ch. ST. P&tsnts, DesignSyk'iid- Tru.de Marks Act, 1883:; 4B. & fix.

PAst li. -n (jb.)* The application for a patent- must be made beforeicmwityn Patswt8. six months from the date of the .opening of. theexh iibi tiom»[ > j Publication of 40. (1.) The comptroller shall cause to he tissued peri®dkall% j«L illustrated illustrated journal <of patented inventions, as well as repurfe of jgg patent'cases * deddBdjf ;by)Courts: of law, and any other mfo.tun^.j'

' ' that the comptroller may dfeein generally useful -or imporiatnt.rT r < t ‘42;)uRrovision.1 shall be: made by? the icomptroller >for keeping, on sale copies of such journal, and also of[ all complete speci^eatjons of patents fan ther tithe 'being: in 'force, with their accompanying drawings, if any.ed ' aoSi

v ig$9% ( The cotaptroller ;shali: continuei in .suck jformnasi rhct 1 jii^y deem [ expedient, the indexes, and .abridgments loftspecili batons hitherto published, land,shall front time to tadne prepare and puhUsh such other indexes, abridgments 1 tol' specifications, catalogues, and other works relating to invtotithSi-aaite may seieifit^ -.--41. The control add management of the existing Patent Museum, aBeum- and its icomtentsshallfrom and after theneommenceitent i©f(thi s iAot,

be' transferred toi and vested in the D eparttnent of iScieiric© e»ndi ki, subject to sucki diredtions jaadfer Majestyin 6k>unci} 3 maynseetufit to give.

u^Vmodeis ' 42y 'Ikedepartment of Science andiA.rtbiaay at any time; inquire on payment.8 ft^tmteetO'furuiShrtham n^kaanadeLfofBljisoInvhntkmiJQUipfty1 ment itothei patentee of bhe-cofefc of nthe .mantifadbureTof thirm'sdeli; the amount to be settled, in case of dispute* by the sBaard oflTradb. toSh088618 'u^ patent'.shallmot prevent bhei.useiof/an.invetdimifor

waters. '^ei.puipeSea of'thepayigaticmirfaif5reignr,r;T^sehMgl^hiaitibe jfuris-

diction of any of Hei^Majesty'sf iGbUxts in the. United > Kingdaihjior isle of Man, oritheruseruf 1 an:vinVei£bion. i in ao.lbre.ign vesst/1 tV&thin that juitisdietion;rprovided it .is mot)us®d therein for ort ini edmnduipa vfath the manufacture or..preparation osf anything untendedytoibe sold in cn: exported tfrdm thoiUmafed^Kingdoinforilslefpt' Man. jflj(2i) But this section j, shall iioti extern d. to; yessnls Of1 any.foireign state, of which .the kws-iautlmrise rSubjeetsi of . such.formgaiJ. state, ihaving. patents* otolitepiavileges fm/ithec©xclusivejuse;ni] ^aemisetof inventions within its territories, to prevent or interfere with thecnse of such inventions in i British vesselsc.iwhi^e ipj itheji pqrtelof (Sjach fereign state, or in the waters within the jurisdiction of its courts, where such inventions atemot so used, fer tile-manufeeturevcrr. pneptr faction; '©fKanyibing. finteroded- too the > SoMfin j iCffnexpontecPfiphi )the itemtorim!e£fi^chf0Beign4Btatej;.i Cf jd oj i .

Assignment to io 44. (d^nThd. inventor- of any itfiprovement . iirtl ius4nmm»mts iiar W^ofYertein nmmtioiss ofwar, his exe'cmtms^administrators,; <m> asmgusi)(dnh(o;&i® inventions, in this section comprised in the expression the(inwentear)imay'(8ither for or without valuable consideration):.assign> rt©; Her Majesty 5s (Principal; Secretary! of State dor irthej iWaxiDepatftmerrt (hhiedii-Mter referred tojasithe Secretary ofiStatej), on behalf i of Her Majesty, all - the benefit '. of.ithenimkiHonoand.of any patent<obtained.ibar-jWml® obtainedvfor.theiearner; andithejSeeretaryipf^tate.mayilte ai jttaity to the assignment.

: (2.)"Tbeassigniiaent shall effectually, .vest 1 the> benefit nofi j the invention and patent1 in theiSecretary, dftiStafedw jthe tiimre-. lowing oh bfehalf 1 of, iHer_Majesty, alnd- all.covenants and .agfeemenissc therein contained, if or keeping, the 1 .invention secret- .and otherwise: shall be

1888.71 Patents; Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883.; Ch. 57.

valid and effectual (notwithstanding any want of valuable eon-sideration), 'and may be enforced accordingly by the Secretary of State for the time being.

'lo (B.) "Where any such assignment has been made to the Secretary ®fi State,1 he may at any time before the application for a patent for the indention, or befote publication of the specification or specifications, certify to the comptroller hi» opinion that, in the 'interest of thepubfic service, the particulars of the invention and of the maiiBer in which it is to be performed should: be kept secret.

(4.) If the Secretary of State so certifies, the application/and specification orspecifications with the drawings' (if any),; and any ameiidment of the specification or specifications, and any copies of iwiH/i documents and drawings, shall, instead of ! being 1 (left in the ordinary manner at the patent office, be delivered to rfche comptroller in a packet sealed by authority of the. Secretary of State;

A(u(fk)J ®uch' packet shall until the expiration of the term or extended tekr during: which a i patent, for the invention may be. in force, be kept* sealed by the comptroller, and shall not be opened save under the/authority of an order of the Secretary of State,- or of the law officers.

mm Such sealed paeket shall be delivered at any time diirulgtthe continuance of the patent to any ! person authorised by writing Under; thehand of the Secretary of State to receive the same, and shall Sf'returned to the comptroller be again kept sealed by him.

iOn the (expiration -of the term or extended term of the patent, sucfi sealed packet shall be delivered to any person authorised by writing under the hand of the Secretary of State to receive it. . nrii(8/) iWhere the Secretary of State certifies as aforesaid, after an application i for a patent , has been left at the, patent office, but hbfotei the publication of the specification or specifications, the application Specification or specifications, with the drawings (if any), shall be': forthwith placed in a packet. sealed by authority of the c(«iipt»oller, !andisuch packet shall be subject to the foregoing provisidiis .respecting a packet sealed by authority of the Secretary of Staid; daiv/

rIai(9.)oNo jpnoceeding by; petition ch* otherwise shall lie (for revocation of-ai patent granted for an < invention in relation to which-the Bqereftary of State bas certified as aforesaid.;

3fli(ltk)iiNoJcopy of any specification orotherdoeument or drawing, by this section required to be placed;, in a sealed packet, , shall in anyi manner. whatever be published or open to the inspection of the; public,' but - save as in this section otherwise directed, the provisions of this part of this Act shall apply in respect of any such invepiflldn and patent; as aforesaid.

i .j(i lu)j ffhe Secretary of State may, at any time by writing under his, /b apd, waive: the* benefit of 4this section with respect* to any particular inventionj and the; specifications documents and drawings shall) be thenceforth kept and dealt with, in the; ordinary way. dj

(12.) The communication of any invention for jany improvement in iristruments or munitions of war to the Secretary of State* or to any person or persons: authorised by'him to investigate the same or-(the merits thereof* shall not, nor shall anything done for the puiipofees of the investigation, be deemed use or publication of such

381

Part II. Patents.

$82

Pabt II. Patents.

Provisions

respecting

existing

patents.

Ch. 57. Patients,45 & 47 Vibi

invention so as to prejndicethb grant or validity‘bf'&toy patent for the'same.

Existing Patents.' 1

45-, (it). The provisions of this Act relating to . applications* for patents and proceedings dhereoo shall have effect in respect only, of applications made I after, the commencement of this: Act. >,

. (2.)0 Every patents granted, before-the commenoement of this Act, or on an, application then a pending* shall remain unaffected' by the provisions of this Act relating to. patents ibinding the Crownj and) to eompnlsory licenses^ ,:$

i (3.) In all other respects (includingjthe, amount, and time of,payment. of fees) this Act shaJilt extend toiall -patents s granted (before the commencement of this Act, or on applications, then pendingvijn substitution for such enactments, as would have' applied thereto if fliis. Act hacjj noh been passed?in , ! ,

, (4.) All instruments relating to/patentS'granted bofo-re i the coia-nreneement of .this Act required to (be left, or filed in the 'Great Seal Patent Office .shall rb.e; deemed to, be so. left > or filed if, left or filed before or after the commencement oft this Act in the patent office,

D^enttl0nS of 46. In and for the johrbd^ib if this Act — 1

patentee, and * P&teftt " ffiCdns. 1

invention. '"'Patefiteb ""metiiis the Jbdi^6firfer!jthe timbJfoeing Mtitlbd' tpHlfe benefit of Sa patent:

" InVehtion * mekhfi ittty manner of uew/mamffddture'the suqecfc of-Mtbrs pkteiit'*a*rid' j^amt fif1 bf^iegeSyithihfiction :'Six? dfune Statute'of Monopolies (tHiat'.is, ^e'Aclfif th^ twent^fiibt'^ir'of fhd reign of King James' the Tlrst, bh^ter* 'three, "intithied?K An 0 Act'tOheerning'ffibndpoliW and dispbifoatioMwith'pehal lav^S atfd " the forfeiture thereof"); and ificlhdey'afififfdged ifivCfition'. ' !

In Schtrand1 ffij tffibtrbfa! ‘mbh'ns1 u interdict." '

PAjaT, in.

DisiGNS.rj'

Pakt III. Designs.

MegiStratwmofijyesigns.i' ,u >,

rcgutotion of' 47. (I.) The comptfbller nifity/on Application by 6i* bh beh&lf of designs. - any pbWOh blaimifig to1 be thd1 ptoprietoi? of Shy neW oh'original

ddiign not'previously pTiblished'-irf !th8*WhStbd Kihgdbni' fbgifctdr

the''design Underfthis pfert of1'thisAcft-1 -

''‘^V'The application mfist'bd* the 'fbifii sfefi forth'

PifSt Schedule to 'this Act; '6t Iil<;Sueh other 'fdJ^' fis 'ifiay bfe:ifrbin time tb time prescribed, add barrisiy be left 'at; rbr°sent1 by -p'6St tdf'tfhe pAtehfiirthbprescribed ffiiffihei1.-1'} 3 J f l!! : 1

(3.) The application mhst‘-Contain ajytatfembnt-bf'thb'hatUre^bf the design, and 'the-ClasS^br 'blhS'ses^f gdbdh in Vrinbh the applicant desires that the design he'registered.'3 ^11J *

(4) The same design may be f%ist£red-in more' thaii°ohe class.'' (5.) In case of doubt as to the'clkss in which a'deifigU' Omdit to be' registered, the comptroller1 fhay dbcide' the> qiitestion'. °

1,8 8$.; y ‘Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883.\ Ch. 57. §83

6;)i' The comptroller may,-if he thinks fit,: refuse to register any Pam hi. design presented to him for registration, but any person aggrieved Dbaighs. by any such refusal may appeal therefrom to the Board of Trade.

‘(7.) The Board of Trade shall, if required, hear the applicant and the i comptroller, and may make an order determining whether, and subject to-what conditions, if any, registration is to be permitted. '

48. (1.) Oii application for registration of a design the applicant Drawings, &c. shall-furnish to the comptroller; the prescribed 1ntimberof bopies of drawings-photographs or tracings- of the design' sufficient, in the

opinion of the -comptroller;, for enabling him to identify the design; or the applicant may, instead of such copies, furnish exact representations or specimens of the design.'

> !The? comptroller may, if he thinks fit, refuse any drawing -photograph tracing representation or specimen which is not, in his; opinion, .suitable for the official records;

49. .(h) The comptroller shall grant a certificate Of registration Certificate of

to >the (proprietor of the design when registered. . 1 registration.

The comptroller- may, in case of loss of the original certificate,;-or in any other case in which he deems it-expedient, grant a copy or:copies of the certificate;

Copyright^ in registered Designs.

50. (1.) When a design is registered, the registered proprietor Copyright op, of the design shall,-subject to the provisions of this Act, have copy- reg,stratl0IV fight) in t^e; Resign during-five years from the date of registration.

(i.yBefore delivery on sale of any articles to which a registered design has been-applied, the proprietor must (if exact representa-,tjons.ibr;specamens were not-furnished on the application for, regis-^;thp comptroller the prescribed, number 6£, exact repres,^nta(-ionS'‘ or -specimens of the design; -and if he fails to .do

M^eqrqptpolljBr m^yf:erase his name jfppm.th^agister, and thereupon,' his, jijqpyright in the degigp shall ^epse. d

51. -Before debveryon sale of any articles tio 'jyhiqfx a,registered Marking

design has. ,b.een - applied, the proprietor of the design shall cause designs^ each such article to be marked prescribed-mark, or-with

the /prescribed word - or words' or figures, denoting that the design is Registered; and if he fails ^to . do, po the copyright , in the design shall cease, ^unless the. proprietor shows that he took all proper steps to ensure the marking of the article.

52^1 ,-(!<)< cP.nripg the gcs:istppcp,of copyright fin, a design, the design inspection of ,open:tg-> ipspection. e^qepti by tbp.ipEQprietpr, or, a -person apthpjiscd ip wrijbing by the .proprietor, pr - a person authorised- by jthe* comptroller- or by; theqoiptj-japd. furnishing 3ubh infqy-ipatipp as.>?n.^y enable i idoptify the dppigp por

iS&#P‘t< i ipj^p-prpsppcf ,iOf the copipiRpher, eg. .of an officer opting piqder him, por iP^c^ptigniPaypieptiPf itbp proscribed fpe; and, the person maxing the inspection shall nofe be entitled tp jtake any jQppy^of .Jihe. de§i^it pr.pfany partther$rff ,

thpicopyright in a design hasceased, the design shall be-open to inspection, and copie^j therepf mayibe taken by any pqrs.bP Qp ppypmnt,of the prescribed,fee, ,. .. > I .

53, , On, the reqpestf of, any person producing a particular design, hfomatitoM together with its maxhtpf registration, pr producing only its mark

Past HJ. Designs.

Cesser of copyright in certain events.

Register of designs.

Fees on registration, &c.

Exhibition at industrial or international exhibition not to prevent or invalidate registration.

Penalty on piracy of registered design.

£/H. 5%, Patent?, Tw$e Marks Act, 18.83. 4§ Ss 47 YjOT.

of registration, or. furnishing such mformatiop. .as,. may enable the feomptroll'er to identify'the design, and on payment of the prescribed fee, it shall he the duty of the comptroller to infohn sjich person whether the registration1 still eixiSts in respect of such design, ind if s6, in r0spect of what' class orr classes of goods, and stating also the'date of registration, and the npme and address of the registered proprietor.

, 54. If a regfetered design is "used ill manufacture in ally foreign country and is not used in this'country within six months. Of its registration in this country, th'e copyright in the design shall cease.

Register of Designs.

55. (l.\ There.shall he kept,at the patent office, a book called

thellegi^ier1 of ^erighs1^whOTelh^Mml‘hb entere'd me names and addresses of proprietots o£uWg^t©red 'designs, notifications' or ^si^hMeiits * and of' tfahsihisKiofis of 'r'e^iStered ‘desi^M^' ahd. aucii o^erha^tters ah may^ ftbm *

''l^ SrdMste'r of d&sighs sh^ll 'f)d ^riixi^ fafei^. e^dfencd of mmtrs by this Act direcfed:hf

hotkm

56. There shall be paid in respect of japplications andregistriq tion and other matters under this part of this Act such fees as may be from time to time, with the sanction of the Treasury, prescribed by the Board of Tmde; and . sji<$k fq^ysh all be levied and paid to the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer in such manner as the Treasury shall from tirae&otime direct.,; r

iiufi U i-.uj: i. Indu&rud and International Exhibitions.

57. The exhibition' at an ifidSSsferial -Otj international1 exhibit

ceriif&d'-aS1 suchj by ;tfce'Board Of Trade/ior'iffler§xMMtion;eIs§vriiefe during1 the period Of theLh%ldinglOfcIthie,j:jexhfbi%iOn/ vrithOtit the privity br'ednserit'of the ptOpbMoi-'ef'W'Sesigri,‘orOf-any4$fM£fe which'a, design is -applied, Or the publiCarion-during1 the hOl<fingvOf any ensi exMMtioniJ of‘a'd^eri^tion ^design,°eMii notMpr§vOii&

tmr design1 froifi ''being1; registered,1 dr idn^dhdate;*-thef regi&tMrins

thereof, provided' that both the f cfll#ing'''codditleneuare- Ooft^lf

_ with; namely, — I '(.lfeffl Tb# e^iMtOr milst*1 feefOtfe' exhibiting the* desighLr6P 'article, uus 4>r publishing a description of the dfesign^M^thgieodipfer^iie? the prescribed nbifiete'‘ef,‘h& iilt^tiM^to'dn^o-figird^h; r tThe ,apffieatiqp>ipr ,>r^gistratjon. ^us^ |.Is^oraMr

'v, >within si^rfro^i^e date .#£,theopening of theiexhibition. ghtt&cObianoo ?f<hurh ..... v

Proceedings. f&si

' §8. t>u^ing tnV^existence oOppyitfg

. (d,) It the K'6efis^H0f‘

written eohser^t'. of; theregi^req 'p^oprittof^'fa1 'a^ply0 Sfilh 1 /!"design pr any^fraudnlem.OT''o|lviMAi

'^class' qr. elasseq'orffooqSf in wmch jM^deSign, il fOm^ferKd 9$j? ' putp^ of.saie to 'any of manufacture or to tfoy $81

385

1883. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks dci, 1883. Oil. 57.

. f ' stance artificial or natural or partly artificial and partly Part in.

natural; and , * 1 D^H8-

fi (b.). It shall not be lawful for any person to publish or,expose for r sale any article, of manufacture orapy, substance to \vhich such ' ' or any fraudulent or obvious, imitation thereof shall have

been so applied, knowing that the same has been so applied without. the consent of the registered proprietor.

| Any person who acts in contravention of this section shall' be liable for every offence to forfeit a sum not , exceeding fifty pounds to the' registered proprietor of the design, who may recover such sum as a simple contract debt by action.in,any court of competent jurisdiction.

£> &', ^Nptwithsibanding the remedy given by this Act for the re-covery of suqh penalty as aforesaid^the,registered proprietor;bf any amaSet'' design may (if he elects to do so) bring an action for; the recovery of any damages arising^'from^the application of any such, design, or of any fraudulent or obviOus imitatipri.mereof for the purpose, of sale, to any article, of manufacture or substance, or from the publication sale or exposure for sale by any person of any article or "substance to which such design or any fraudulent or obvious imitation thereof shall have been so applied, such person knowing that the pro-prietor had' mot-given his'Cdnsent to suchr application.

. ' ' Dejiniifdfai 60. In and for the purposes- of this Act-1- T

" Design " means any design applicable to any article of manufac- Definition of ture, or to any substance artificial'or natural, or partly artificial and « copyright n partly(U^turaf ,whethprj the design ,isr applicable,for the patter*^ or 1u jaitULkii t05f^e,shapepjci^9ufigurq4dou,;<MT for jtfep. pru^nehtf thereof or for any fwo or more; of .such purpo$es, and by wha,tpver meuus .it is applicable,r/ygnpther ,by-priuting» painting,..embroidering, rweaving,

$§w_ing, modelling, pasting* ^epabossiflg, engraving, staining, or any either, means lybnteycr, manual, mechanical, or cbemic$,yS.epayetq 9V combined, not being a design for a, sculpture, pr.pthpr thing,within the[. jSffOtection. of j the Sculpture (Copyright Act - of .theyeaf', is J.4 (fifty-fourth George the 'fhird, chapter fifty-six).

.giyffiePyrighWoi meftus, the e?f(4uriyP)right.b9japply $ Resign triapy article of manufacture or to any such substance as aforesaid in the class of ciassesjn.,which,tbn. design is.rogistetedf iTt-i;( ><

Bli/'The author of anypew1 and OrigMaPdfegign'shall1'be considered Delnition of the' *pr6pfifetor thCrCOf, md ldss he^ executed" the1 worki on behalf of proprietor, another person for a good or valuable consideration, in which7 case such person shall be considered, the proprietor, and every person acquiring for, (a.; good Or valuable .consideration a new and . original design, or ,thp ^gb^to appljf the.1 same jto any ^uch article, or'sub-sfence as aforesaid* mjther exclusiiyeiy of any! other ^gson! m*(. otherwise, and also every person on whom t^e property in such Resign or sgehiright ;to. the.applice.tibn theupof shall. devolve, shall bp. considered the^popriotwofdesign® the.respect, m!^hicn the^ame may have been so acquired, and to that extent, but not otherwise.

m

Pakt IV, Trade Makes.

Application for registration.

Limit of time for proceeding With application.

Conditions of registration of trade mark.

Connexion of trade mark 'with goods. Registration o a series of marks.

PAKT IV. i Trade.Marks.

1' 'Registration of 'Trade, Maries,

62. yQ The. comptroller may, on application by or on behalf of any person claiming Tt° ..l}e the proprietor of ,a trade mark, register the trade mark.

(2.) The application must be, made in the form set, forth in The First Schedule to. this. Act, or .in .such other form as may ,be from time to time prescribed, and must be left, at, pr sent by ppsjb tp,',thp. Patent Office in the prescribed manner.

(3.), The application must he acconipanied by the prescribed number of representations of, the trade, mark, and mu'st state the 'particular goods, or classes/.of goods in connexion with which the applicant desires the trade mark to, f>e registered.

(4.) The comptroller may, if he things, fit, refuse to register a trade mark, but any such refusal shall be subject to appeal to the Board of Trade, }vhp. shall, if required, hear, the applicant and the Comptroller^ and, may make an qrdor determining whether, , and subject to what conditions, if any, registration is to be permitted. f

(5.) The Board of Trade may, however, if it appears expedient, refer the appeal tP the Court; and in that event the Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine the appeal and may make suph order as aforesaid.,

63. Where registration of a,trade mark has not been or shall not be completed within twelve months from the date of the application, by reason of default on the part of the applicant, the application shall be deemed to be abandoned.

64. (1.) For the purposes of this. Apt, a trade mark must consist of or contain at least one1 of the following essential particulars^/'1

.(a,) A.name of, an individual or firm jpiinted, impressed, orwoven in some particular and distinctive, manner y, QT,

.(6.) A written signature or copy of , a written signature of - the individual or firm applying for registration thereof as a trade mark; or

(c.) A distinctive ,d,evice? mark, brand, heading, label, ticket, or fancy word or words pot in common .use.

(2AtThere m ay /added to any ope or more of-these particulars' any letters , -y^qxds or figures, or combination of letters words [o$ figures, or ,of. any of them,

(3.) Provided that any special and .distinctive, word or 'worcR i letter, figure, or. combination, of letters or figures, or of? ietter&.and figures used as, a trade markbefore/the thirteenth, daypi August one thousand .eight hundred and, seventy-five may .be registered % trade mark under .this parti of, this Act- - /.

65. A .trade mark. must. b.e registered, for parjicjular, gpo^;oi; dass.es of goods. ,-

( 66. When a person claiming tp ,be tlm .proprietor, of, spheral trjide

marks which, while resembling each other /in the material,particular§ thereof/yet differ in respect iof |||§||§| statement,|| the goods' for which they are respectively used or, proposed to.be, used,.pr (&Y statements of numbers, or (c) statements of price, , or (4) statementspf

1881

Patents, Designs, and- Tr&de Marks Act, 1888.1 Ch. >57. 387

iaaiifcy, or (e) statements of names- of places, seeks to register such Past IY. trade marks, they may be registered as a series in one registration.

A series of trade marks shall be assignable and transmissible only , ‘

as a whole, but for all other purposes each of the trade marks composing a series shall be deemed and treated as registered separately.

67. -A. trade mark may be registered in any colour, and such Trade marks frustration shall (subject to the provisions of this Act) confer on ma7 d . the registered owner the exclusive right to use.the same in that or any colour,m any other colour.

' 68. Every application for registration of a trade mark under this Advertisement part of this Act shall as soon as may be after its receipt be advertised ° app 04 on' M'th^wmptroller. . WBB& ‘ L

69. (1.) Any person may within two lponths of the first advertiser. 0pp?^tt1-on to infent'bf the' application, give notice in duplicate at the,patent office of opposition t<3 registration of the trade mark, and the comptroller shall send'one copy'of Such ndtice to the applicant.

J (2.) Within ado4' months after receipt of such hdtibe or such farther time as the comptroller ifiay allow, the applicant may send te'the "ddhiptroller a' coUhtel' statement in duplicate of the grounds bM'tv'ffieh he neHbsfbr hf&'application, and if he does hotf3o sb, shall be* deemed to have abandoned his application.

If the applicant'sends such counter statement, the comptroller futnish a copy thereof to the person who ga^e noti^‘dfuoppcrei-tfon, arid' shall require him' tb‘ give:aectti*ity in such manlier "arid to such amount as the comptroller may require'for such ' Costs as may [© awarded in respect df such opposition; and if such security isnot [Bven within fourteen days after such requirement was made or such Blither tiine as the- 'comptroller may. allow, the dppositiOn shall bd deemed to be withdrawn;

,f (4.) If the person who gave notice of opposition duly:giVesf duch security as1 aforesaid,'the-comptroller shall inform the applicant ^fedf in writing, and thereupon the case shall he deemed to stand for the determination' of the .Court.

. 70. A trade mark, when registered, shall be assigned .and trans- Assignment niitted only in connexion with the goodwill of the business concerned Son^Se" in the particular goods or classes of goods for which it has been mark. ,j fiigfstered, and shall be determinable with that'goodwill.

71. .Where e^ch of several persons claims to be registered as pro- Conflicting |0etbr of ?nark» the comptroller" may' refuse to rIa^Sati

gister any of Theba xmtil-their rights have hedn determined accord^:-

ing toTaw^and the, comptroller may himself submit or require the claimants to subiriit their rights to the; Court.

72.. (T.) Except where the Court has decided that two or more Restrictions on pefsbns are 'entitled' to bevre^htered as proprietors of the same resistration-trMd,mafk,TOd'cdiliptroller'shall not register iri respect of the same good£ or description of goods a' ^ade riiark identical wite one already fflaTne register with Stt^h goodAblr description of goods.

. (2.) TheTjOttiptroll^r shall not register with respect to the same god^s iOT description of gddds 'a trade ^m'gixk so nearly resembling a tradejnai''k'''al)x'4'dy on We.Register with respect to,such goods or description !6f g'dods &£'fi5tie cblctdated to deceive,"

73. It shallmot'^e' lawful td'idgistei* as partpf or in combination nn

with a trade maTk any words tnd exclusive use of which would' by registration.

$88

©I. 57. Pat&fits, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vi6-f.

Part iy. reason of their being calculated to deceive or otherwise, be deemed disentitled to protection in a. court of, justice, or any scandalous ~ design.

Saving for 74. (d.) Nothing in this* Act shall' be construed to prevent the proridefcr comptroller entering on the register, in the prescribed manner,-and entry on subject to the prescribed' conditions, as an addition to any tirade register of mark — Off 10 I h

(a.) 'In the case of an "application for registration of a trade mark used before the thirteenth day'of August one thousand digit hundred and seventy-five"-^ — !

Any distinctive dcVi£e,mark, brand, heading, label,1 ticket, letter, word, or figure, Or combination of letters, VOrdS,1 Or figures, though the same is' common to the trade itt the goods with respect to which thO application is made ;1 (h.) In the caSe'Of an applidation for registration of a trade mark not used before the thirteenth day of August one thousand ‘J eight hOnldred and' sevehty-fivd — J>

Any distinctive word'or'combination of words, though the same'is dbtnmon to the trade in' the goods with respe^td 'which ‘ thfe applicdtiOri iS made; i (2.) The applicant for entry, of any suph common .particular or * particulars must; h^rfdyer^ disclaim in his appticajbipn any JRgMjy the exclusive use of the same, and a copy of the disclaimer sl^n' pc entered on the1 register.

(3.) Any device, mark, brapd, heading, label, ticket, letter, word, figure, or combination of.letters, words, or, figures, which was. or were, before. the thirteenth day of August one . thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, publicly used by more than three per,sQmcm the same or a similar description o£, goods shall, for the purposes: of this section, he deemed common to' the trade in such goods.

csmmon marks as additions to trade marks.

Effect of Registration.

Registration 75. /Registration of a,trade njark shall; be, deemed to be equiynlenj;

pnbU^nse43 to pubfic use oif the'trade m^k, ,

Right of first 76. The registration of a person as proprietor of a trade mark _ exci"h?r to ^haR be prim& facie evidence of his right to the exclusive use of the K of tradenmrk. trade mark, and shall,(after ithe.expiration of fiveiyears frodlfifche date of the registration, be , conclusive .evidence of his right to the exclusive use off the trade mark, subject , to the provisions of this Act.

Restrictions on > 77. A person shall not be'entitled to institute ahjr 'prbe^ediii^ 'to actions for prevent or to recover damages for the'infringement of a trade mark mid o^defence unless, in the case of a trade mark capable of being registered under to action in this Act, it has been registered in 'ph'rs'Uance of this Act. or of an certain cases.; enactment repealed by this Act, op, in the caise of any bthfer tSide mark in use before the thirteenth of j AhguSt 6ne< thousand eight hundred and seventy-five) registration? thereof under thib part of this Actv or of an enactment" repealed by this Act, has beefi reffrbe'd. The comptroller may, on request, and on payment olP th& prescribed fee, grant a certificate that; such registration has been refused.

1888.

\Ratemis, Designs, and Trade Maries Act, 1883, 5 On. 57.

Register of Trade Maries.

78. There shall be kept at the patent office a book called the [Register of Trade Marks, wherein shall be entered the names &nd^H addresses of proprietors of registered trade marks, notifications of Assignments and of transmissions of itrade marks, and such other matters as may be from time to time prescribed.

79. (1.) At a time not being less than two months nor more than Removal ?of three months before the expiration-of fourteen years from the date

the registration of a trade mark, the comptroller shall send notice years unless torithe registered proprietor that the .trade:mark ^ih Jbe[removed Repaid, from,fthe,(Register, rimless, the proprietor, jpaya for the comptroller heforp the ^pirati,on of such< fourteen^ years i(naming the date at ^iph thp' (Same ydH,<pxpi£e) tihe, pggscrjbed Jeer; and if Such fee be not m^yfopsJy paid, he shall at the/expiration of one month from the .datp of the, giving of, the, first notice, send, a second notice to the same efect.

(2.) 'If such fee be not paid before the expiration .<?£ such fourteen yeamrthe^comptroller may after the (£nd ,of three months from the expiration'of such fourteen years remove, i^e mark from the register, and so from time to time at the expiration, of every..period ,of fourteen years.

(ifcy/lr'before the expiration .of- the said three months .the re^fored proprietor p^ys the said fee together ^ith the additional ^drrambed foh the comptroller' may without removing' such trade mark from ther register accept the said fee as if it had Been paid before * thh expiration of the siiid fourteen y ears.

10 Where" after "thee said three'mimths | a trade mark [has been refilled from the register for nonpayment of the. prescribed fee, the comptroller may, if satiefifed that ifc'.is Jjiist so to' do, restore suCB trade rfiark to the1 renter onpaymOnt jof the prescribed additional fee

; :(5.) Where a trade mark has been removed from the register for nonpayment of the feeder pthey\ti§e; such/ijrade mark shall nevertheless for the purpose of any application for registration during the hext* after the date of such removal, -Tkij deemed tjdSe a trade maik which is already registered" '

jt80i! There ehtxll Be paidi inirespeiOt of applidatiofis afidre^stia- Ftses for t tion and other matters under this part of this-'Afet,-such ^fees^3 registration,. , mayi-heifrom time^tO tim^'-wath -thesanetiOh of the Treasury, pah &c* scribed by the Board of Trade; and such fees shall be levied and ppid, tp0 t account) of t Majesty's Exchequer in .such, manner' as m

SftsHmSSWS may, from .time tp (time direotutb

' r; »r' V> yftqrt \m a

81., With respect.fto the ma^tei^ T^ardtiii^csearcheBSj assistants, Registfatiotfbj-

- cqsapQralty. <®f in the ca"tle^®'Com*

this ActneaUed. the: Gutle^uOompany) and the Sheffield mw^Qrydevfoesi^in thi$ Act^calfod Sheffieldianarks^ assigned or marks. Registered -By tire master wardens, searchers, and. assistants of that company, the following provisions shall have effect:

389

Part IV. Tkadk Marks.

390

Pam IT-

Trade

Marks.

>(lk) The Cutlers' Company shall establish- and keep at Sheffield a new register of trade marks (in this Act called1 the Sheffield v 'register)':*

(2;) The Ciitlera' Company shall enter in the Sheffield register in respect of- cutlery, edge J'tools, or raw Steel! and the goods fhmentioned in the next sub section, all the trade marks entered before the commencement of this Act #P respect of cutlery Bj edge -tools, or * raW steel and such'goods in1 th?e- register Established under the Trade Marks "Registration Act, 1875, belonging to persons carrying on business in Hallamshire, or within sixmileS thereof;'and shall also !enter in such register,- in respect of the same goods* all the trade marks which shall have‘ been assigned by the Cutlers'1 Company and actually used before the ! '. 'commencement oil thisr Act, * but »wMeh have not been'entered in the register1 established under-t-hb Trade Marks Registration Act, 1875:

(3.) An application for registration of a trade mark-Used ton * cutlery, edgO tool#; or« on raw steel/or on goods made-of' steel,

1 vot -of steel* and iron combined, whether with or without a " cutting fed|e,>shall, if made after the commencement - of this " Act by a person eartying OmbUeiness in Hallamshire/ Or within six miles thereof, be made to the. Cutlers' Company:

I (4.yEvery application so-made to^fehe Cutlers" Company shalli.be notified-to --tile 'comptroller in the prescribedmanner^and unless "' the comptroller within the- prescribed time -gives notice to St the Cutlers' Company that he objects- to the acceptancO of the application, it shall;tb^proCeeded -with by !the 'Cutlers'1' Company in. die prescribed manner:$

(5:y 4f the' comptroller-^Tesfnotice ofmbjection. -as aforesaid, the application shall not; be proceeded with by the Cutlers'Company, but any person ag^eve<L-may appeal to the1 Court ri?s (6.) Upon the registration of a trade mark in the Sheffield 1 - register 'the-Cutlers'- Company shall give notice, thereof teethe ' .‘ComptroffCr,'- -who v shall- thereupon jfente® .the mark- in; the register of»trade marks; and such- registration shallbear date

- as Of: the day of application to 'the,yOutlers' Company, and have the same: effect as if the application had1 heen matle, to. the compiroffer pn that;d^y :«

(7.) The. provisions of this A$b,. andI of any,general;,riffps mmg,; under,. tlfisvAct^m& ^pspct, to iSpplication, f^.f^tratji^in the .register-of tr&de^ marks/the* effecfeof such Registration/ and . theJ>®3S%nment and transmission off. rights .in a-'-registered PI trade mark shall -apply in the case, of applications and regis--

- trationin the Sheffield register; and noth®-ofveVjeayentry.

made in the Shefeeldoregister must be given tp the.comptroll^ | by the CutlersVfCQmpanyj, savp .and .except fth%t the prpvisipps -n of this-subjection shaffhht pregudiice. or a^ecf apy life^.e^fa^i and interest of a widowwofs the -rholder^f any Sheffield m$rk which.may.be in force,in>r^pe^t[)nf :su^s.,mja,rkr at the time; when it shali be, placed-upon thp Sheh&eid-, register:

(8.). inhere the .comptroller receives .ffpm any person npt carrying i on business in. Hahamshire .or., within. ^ix: miles ^thereof r an application- for regietrationof a trade mark' used on cutlery,

pg83. . Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Ad, 1883. , Ch. 57. 391

-.-/edge tools, or on raw steel, or on goods made of steel, or .of Part iv. j | steel and iron combined, whether with or without a cutting Trad*

. edge, he shall in the prescribed manner notify the application Mabk8, and proceedings thereon to the Cutlers' Company : i(9r) At the expiration of five years from the commencement of this Act the Cutlers' Company shall close the Cutler's register r,/of corporate trade marks, and thereupon all marks entered jr;, therein shall, unless entered in the Sheffield register, be , (deemed to have been abandoned:-djlO.) A person may (notwithstanding anything in any. Act relating to the Cutlers' Company) be registered in the Sheffield [ register as proprietor of two or more trade marks: i((ll.) A body of persons, corporate or not corporate, may (not-jfc; -jwitbstahding anything in any. Act relating to the Cutlers' p i (Company) be registered in the Sheffield register as proprietor .

, of a trade mark or trade marks:

Any person aggrieved by a deoision of the Cutlers' Com-p.. jpany in respect of anything done or omitted under this Act . may, in .the prescribed manner, appeal to the comptroller, who ,j (i shall have power to confirm reverse or modify ,the decision, ud iibut the decision of the comptroller shall be subject to a further 11 appeal to the, Court: 11.

h(13.): So much-of the Cutlers' Company's Acts as applies to the ri^ isummary punishment of persons counterfeiting Sheffield corr iporatet marks,. that is to say, the fifth section of the Qutlers' tal£ (Company's Act of 1814, and the provisions in relation to the tjuvtecovery and application of the penalty imposed by such last-' mentioned section contained in the Cutlers' Company's Act of jh 1791, shall apply to any mark entered in the Sheffield register.

PART Y. General.

Part V. General.

| Patent Office and Proceedings thereout.

82. (1.) The Treasury may provide for the purposes of this Act Patent Office, ah office with all requisite'buildings and conveniences, which shall

be1 C^fed,‘and is in this Act f eferf ed to as, the Patent Office.

(2.) »XJntil a new patent office is pfovideff, the Offices of the Oom-trii^sidners bf ipatents for ''mvbntibns and for' thE rEgistiktion of dEbi^uS ' and trade marks" Ekisting at! the comihEhcEment of this Act shall bE the patent Office' within the jpeaning 6f this Act.

,~^3i)--The patent Office shall be under the immediate, control of an officer' called the comptroller general 6f patents, designs, and trade marks, .Who'-shall act under the superinteudence and direction Of the Board of Trade.

J^4.)' Any act 6r . thing directed to be dofie by or to' the cojcpp-trdller may, in1 his abseUce, be doi^fe by or to any officer for the time bbing in'that Behalf authorised by the Board of Trade.

83. (l.): The Board of Tfade may at any time after the passing |§|pand of this Ant, and from time tq time' subject to the approy^.of the oer Tffeasury, appolfit the' comptroller-general of, patents* designs, and

trade iharks, 'aitd so: many examiners and Other officers and clerks; with such designations and duties as the Board of Trade think fit, and may from time to time remove'any of those officers and clerks.

392

Cg. 57: Patents, Designs, and Trade Maries Act, 1883. 46 & 47 View. |

. Paet Y. (&) The salaries of those officers and clerks shall he appointed General, foy the Board- fef'Trade, with the. concurrence of the Treasury, andi ' Tf~ the same and the other (expenses- of the execution- of j this Act shall

be paid out of money provided by Parliament.

Senl of patent 84. There shall be a seal for. the patent office, -and impressions office. thereof ahall^be,judicially noticed and admitted in evidence.--n

Trust not to be 85. There shall not be entered in any register kept under this entered in Act, or be receivable by- the comptroller, any notice of - any* triiat registers. expressed'implied or constructive.'

. Refusal to 86. The comptroller may refuse to - grant a patentifor an inven-gnnt patent, tion/or to-register a design or trade mark, of which the use would,

&c.m certain ... . . ° , — '

I cases. in-ms opinion, be contrary to law or morality;

Entry of 87. Where a person becomesentifcled by assignment,'transmission,

I or>other operation of daw to -a patent, orto the.copyrightin a regis-

sionsin tere(l design, or to aregistered trade mark, the1 comptroller shall:tei \ registers. request, and on proof of title to; hispsatisfaction, cause- 'the name of such person to be entered as- proprietor of the patent, copyright in the design, or trade, mark, in the register of patents/ designs/ or trade marks, as the case may be. The person for the time being-entered' in the register of patents,- designs t or trademarks,; as proprietor-Of a. patent, copyright in 1 a design or-trade-mark as the case may be, shall, subject to any rights appearing from such register to be! vested in any other person, have-power absolutely to assign, grant licenses-as do, or .otherwise deal with, the same - and tor give effectual' receipts -for any consideration for such assignment, license,- or j dealing Provided that anyi equities- in respect of such patent,'ddtigftlfor trade-mark may be enforced in like manner as in respect: of any other personal property ^ctionof 88. Every register kept under this Act shall at all convenient from registers, ^bnes be open to the inspection of the public, subject to suchregu* lations as may be prescribed; and certified copies, sealed; with the seal of the patent office, of any entry in >any such register hhaB*be given to any person requiring! the same on paymentof the prescribed fee.

Sealed copies 89. Printed or written; copies or - extracts, purporting doibeicer-in evidemleCd by. the- comptroller and sealed with dhe seal of they patent

11; ' office, of or from patents specifications disclaimers and other docu-

ments in the patent office, and of or from registers and othei: bocks kept there, shall be admitted, in evidence in all eourts in Her Majesty's dominions,-and in all proceedings, without:further prd-ot , or production of thfe originals

Rectification of , 90. (1.) The Court ritky on the application of any- person aggrieved by the; omission.' without, sufficient cause of the name of an^-person from any register kept under this Act, or by any entry made without, sufficient cause in any such -register, make such order for making expunging or varying the entry, as the Court thinks fit} or the Court may refuse the application; rand in either case may make such order with respect to the costs of the proceedings as the Court thinks fit. /

(2.) The Court may in any proceeding tinder this section decide any question that it may be necessary or. expedient )M decide for the rectification of a register, and may direct an issue to be tried for the decision of any question of fact, and may award damages to the party aggrieved.

1883;. 1 Patents; Designs, and Trade Maries Act, 1883. > Ch. 57. - ggg

i (i3.)i Any order of the Court rectifying a register shall direct that P^T v-dm®'notice of the rectification' be given to'the comptroller. Gbmkmal.

91. ! Th‘e comptroller may, on request 'in writing accompanied by Power for

the prescribed fee, — in nueifw4! wl.bsbr wtq , , _. comptroller to

(a/.r);'Correct any clerical -error inor in connexion with an appli- errora!clencaI

cation for a patent, or for registration of a 'design or trade eiriimafk; or;

jtfbty Correct any clerical error in the name style or address of the : registered proprietor of a patent/design; or trade -mark. >ae

-(ia) (Cancel the entry car part of the entryiof a trade mark-on the bl (register: Provided that the applicant accompanies his request by a statutory declaration: made by himself, stating hisnanle,

,noiad dress, and calling, and that he is the person whose mime -argappears on the register as the proprietor©! the said trade mark.

92. (1.) The; registered proprietor of :any registered trade mark Alteration of may-i apply [to- the-Court: for leave to add to-or alter such mark im i any particular, not being -an essential particular within the meaning - of .this Act,- and the Court may refuse or grant leave on such -terms as- it may. think fit.

'ti.(^)i‘Notice of any-intended application to the Court under this section shall be given :to. the comptroller by the applicant; and the comptroller shah be entitled' to; be heard on the application.

If the, Court- grants leave, the comptroller shall, on proof thereof and on: payment of the -prescribed fee,-cause the register to be altered in conformity with - the order-of leave.

93. If any person makes or causes to- be made a false entry in Falsification of anyrCgister kept under, this Act^ br a writing falsely purporting to be a copy of an entry in any such register, or pipdupes ©r tenders orrcanses - to be- produced or .-tendered in evidence any such Writing, knowing,the entry1 .or writing-ffcof be fake, he shall be guilty of a maidemeanor.

94. Where any discretionary? power is by this Act given ;tb the Exercise of comptroller,>jhdt-shall' nop exercise tbathpqwer adversely <tb "the. b^aiy applicant for a patent, or for amendment of a specification, dr for comptroller, registration of a trade mark or design, without (if so TpqtoedfwitMn the -prescribed titne.by ithd applicant) giving theapplieantLan Opportunity of-heiUg heard-personally Or by hip agent.

95. ! The-comptroller-may, in any Case-of doiifet Or difficulty-arising Power of

in , ltbe- administration- of -any of the provisions of this [Act, -apply- to - comptroller to either of the -law-officers for - directions im the matter. - - of j"w officer"8

96. A certificate purporting to be under the hand of the -comp- Certificate of

tro-ller- ash to toy 'entry, -matter,i or thing^which he is authorised'by comptroller td this Act, on any general i ruleh made, thereunder^, jto make or-do,-shall be eviaenoe-bp, prima. facie evidence-of the--entry, having, been made, and <of the contents-thereof,'and of the matter ortbinghavinglbeen done-or left Undone. 8S . .--an-. -..‘I --giridr;--<

97. -(/!>) Any application,-[notice, -or --athw; document' authorised or-jrequiredfnt© be , left made-or given at the patentrofficelorto the ^stno 068 comptroller, or to any other person under this Act, may fee sent by a prepaid - letter through thp -post; and if so- sent shall fete detmPd to have -been left made or. given. -respectively at the- - time when the fetter containing i the same would be deliveredin the ordinary course ofepost,.

394

Ch. 57. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict.

Part V. General.

Provision as to days for leaving documents at office.

Declaration by infant, lunatic,' &c.

Transmission of certified printed copies of specifications, &c.

(2.) In proving such service or sending, it shall he sufficient to prove that the letter was properly addressed and put into the post.

98. Whenever the last day fixed by this Act, or by aiiy flule

for the time being in force, for leaving any document or I paying any fee' at the patent office shall fall on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or on a Saturday or Sunday, or any day observed as a holiday at the Bank of England, or any day observed as a day of public fast on thanksgiving, herein referred to as excluded days, it shall be lawful to leave such document or to pay such fee on the day next following such excluded day, or days if two or more of them ocour consecutively. - -

99. If any person is, by reason of infancy lunacy of other inability, incapable df making any declaration or doing anything required or permitted 'by this Act or by any rides made under the authority of this Act, thhn the guardian or committee (if any)''Of such incapable person, or if there be none, any person appoint®# by any court or judge possessing jurisdiction in respefct'of the property of incapable persons, upon the petition of any person'tn behalf of such incapable person, or of any Other person interested ih' themaking such! declaration Or doing such thing, naay make .such declaration or a 'declaration as nearly corresponding thereto as circumstances permit, and do such thing in the name and! on bdhalf of such incapable person, and all acts done by such substitute shall for the purposes Of this Act be as effectual as if done by the,person for whom he is substituted.

100. Copies of all specifications, firawings, and nmendpents left at the Patent Office after the commencement of /th^ Act, pript^d for , and sealed with the seal of the Patent Office, shall, be tgmp-mitted to the Edinburgh Museum of Science anfi Art, an fijq tl$. Enrolments Office Of the Chancery Division in Ireland, and tofi^ Kplls Office, in the jlsle of Man, within tyrenty-pne dayp after the same shall respectively have. been.aqpepte.d or allowed at the Patent Office; and certified copies of or extracts from any such documents shall be given to any person requiring the same on payment, of ftp, prescribed fee; and any such copy or extract shall be admitted in evidence in all courts in Scotland and Ireland and in the Isle of

Mau without .furtfier prppf or .pgodqetion /Origipajs. j for 101. (1.) t The Board of Trade may from time to time make Such to make £ 1 general rules and do such things as.- ithey think expedient^ subject general rules to the provisions of this Act —

For regulating the practice of registration under this Act a* is regulating (&.) \ For classifying goods, for . the .purposes of j designs and trade

business of marks ;

patent office. . For- making or requiring duplicates of. specifications, amend*

ment, drawings, and other documents:

(<£) For securing and regulating the publishing and selling? of £ ,copies, at such >priceS and in such manner as the Board of Trade * lag think fit,rof -specifications drawings amendments - and i other I f documents: !

)--For securing and regulating the ^making printing publishing aud selling of indexes;.to, and 'abridgments of j -specifications' and other documents in the patent office; and providing, for

395

1883. v Pedewts, Designs, and Trade Marks Ad, 1883, . Ch. 57.

i the. inspection of indexes and abridgments and other docu- PabxV. ..jDients: Genebal.

; /(/) ^or regulating (with the approval of the Treasury) the pre-; .sentation of copies of patent office publications to patentees , and to. public authorities, bodies, and institutions at home and . /abroad:

i ($.)-Generally for regulating the business of the patent office, and all things by this Act placed under the direction or control . jv-aof the comptroller, or of the Board of Trade.

Any of the forms in the First Schedule to-.this Act may be altered or amended by rules made by the Board as aforesaid.

(3A General rules may, be;uiade^ under this section at any time after the passing of this Act, but not so as to take effect before the commencement of this Act, and shall (subject as herein-after mentioned) be of the same effect as if .they, were contained in this Act, and shall be judicially .noticed.

(4.)j Apy rules made in pursnanee of this section shad.be .laid before both; blouses of Parliament, if Parliament be in session; at the time of . making thereof, on if not, then as. sopn as practicable the beginning of the , then, next session of Parliament, and they shall also .be udvertiggd ,t]wipe in tpe official journal to be isgued by the comntreller.

;i(5.) If either Hopge of Parliament, within the next forty days after (apy r,ul;es have been so,. laid: before such House, resolve that such rilles or- any of them ought to be annulled, the same shall after the date-of such resolution be of no effect; without prejudice to the''validity of any thing dbne in the meantime under such rules or rule or' to the making of any new rules or rule.

102. The comptroller shall, before the first day of Juneln every Annual reports yealr, 8aus8 a! report respecting the execution' by or under him of ° comptro er‘ this Act to' be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and therein

shall include ibr the year to which each report relates all general rffife made in >that year under or for the purposes of this Act, and an aecoimt- of all fees, salaries, and allowances, and other money re<$\%d :&fid'1 paid under this Act!

Uiinternational and'Colonial Arrangements.

103. (lO ' Tf Her 'Majesty "is pleased to Make any arrangement international with the government or governments! of -any foreign State or states

for Mutual protection of inventions,'designs, and trade marks, Or of inventions, any of them^then any person who-has applied for protection for atfy designs, and invention^ 'i^ign, or-'trade teark in any such* State* ehafi he entitled trade marks> to hpattent for his invention? or to registration of his designer trade mark (as the ''Case may be)- under this Act; in priority W other applicants; and su'ch patent or registration shall have the saMedate as the date of the'protection obtained in such foreign state.

Provided that his * application is made, in - the* case Of « patent within seven -months; and in the case of a-design or trade mark within four months, from his applying for protection in the foreign state with which the arrangement i is in force.

| j i Provided that nothing in ^this Section (contained shall entitle the patentee or. proprietor .-of the rdesign.or .trade mark to recover damages for* infringements! happening'prior to the date of the actual

Fast V. General.

Provision as to days for leaving documents at office.

Declaration by

infant, lunatic,'

&c.

Transmission of certified printed copies of specifications, &e.

Power for Board of Trade to make general rules for classifying goods and regulating business of patent office.

Ch. 57. Patents, Designs, a/ndTrade Maries Act, 1883; 46 & 47 Vict.

-i(2.) In proving such service or sending, it shall be sufficient to prove that the. letter was properly addressed and put into the* post.

98. Whenever the last day fixed by this Act, or by any fjile for the time being in force, for leaving any document' <dr paying any fee* at the patent office shall fall on Christmas Day, Good Jfrid&y, or on a Saturday or Sunday, or any day observed as a holiday at the Bank of England, or any day observed as a day of public 'fast or thanksgiving, herein referred to as excluded days, it shall be lawful to leave such document or to pay such fee on the daynext following such excluded day,1 or' days if two or more of thenti octo consecutively.

99. If any person Is, by reason of infancy lunacy !oi other inability, incapable Of making any declaration or doing anything required Or permitted ‘by this Act or By any rules Thade unaeitthe authority of 'this Act, then the guardian or committee (if anW.6f such incapable person, or if, there be none, any persbn appointed by any court or judge pbsSeSSing jurisdiction in respeb^of Me property of incapable ^rsOUS, upon 'the petition of any persob on behalf of such incapable person, or of any other person interested ik the making such1 declaration or doing such thing, may make , such declaration or a declaration as nearly corresponding thereto as circumstances permit, and do such thing in the name and on bdhkif of such'incapable person, and all acts done by such substitute shall foT the pUipbses'of this Act be as effectual as if ddhe by thept^iJn for whom he is substituted.

,100. Copies of, all specifications, drawings, and amendment?; left at the Patent Office after the commencement of this Act, printed for. and sealed with , the seal of the Patent Office, shall be tj$ng-mitted to the Edinburgh Mqseum of Science , and, Arts and, Iq tl$ Enrolments Office of the Chancery Division in Ireland, and Rolls Office in the Isle, of Man, within twenty-one days ;^t^ same ^aU respectively, haye. been ^accepted or allowed at the Patent Office; and .certified copies of or extracts from any such documents shall be given to any person requiring the same.pn .paym^tnf, thp prescribed fee; and any such copy or extract shall he admitted in evidence in all courts in Scotland and Ireland and inYthe Isle of Man \dtl|qut,.fiirt|ier prppf or production

10L (1.) The Board of. Trade may from time to time make- such general rules and do. such. things as. they think expedient^ subject to the provisions of this Act —

:(u.t) .Eor regulating therprantice of registration under itius Acfi ''.' (K) j Eor classifying goods: for the > purposes of designs and trade ! :marks:

|||j|||. Eor-making, or requiring duplicates of specifications, amende ment, drawings, and .other documents:

(d5.,)rFor securing and regulating the-publishing and selling of .copies,-.at ;such ..prices and in such manner as the Board of Trade g think fit,i .of -specifications drawing8 amendments and other * documents: I

'4e.)-Por securing and -regulating the -making printing publishing and selling of indexes?, to, and abridgments of) * specifications

395

1883. Patents, Designs, and Trade MarlcsAct, 1883, Ch. 57.

j the inspection of indexes and abridgments and other docu- Pabt Y.

aments: Gb^u"

A'f.) For,regulating (with the approval of the Treasury) the pre-, sentation of copies of patent office publications to patentees and to, public authorities, bodies, and institutions at home and abroad:

j (pi.)-,Generally for regulating the business of the patent office, and all things by this Act placed under the direction or control I ;ef the comptroller, or of the Board of Trade.

|§j); Any of the forms in the First Schedule to this Act may be altered or amended by rules made by the Board as aforesaid.

(3.) General rules may, be made under .this section at anytime after the. passing of this Act, but not so as to take effect before the commencement of this Act, and shall (subject as herein-after mentioned) ]be of the same effect as if . they, were contained in this Aftt> and shall be judicially noticed-(4.) Any rules made in pursuance of this section shall, be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be in session; at the time of making thereof, or, if not, then as sopn as practicable after the beginning of the then n^xt session of Parliament, and they shall also be advertised twice in the official journal to bp issued by' the comptroller.

,i(5<] If either House of Parliament, within tji© next forty dnys after any rules have been so laid before such House, resolve that such rules or any of them ought to be annulled, the same shall after the date of such resolution be of. no effect; without prejudice to the validity of anything done in the meantime under such rules or rule dr to the making of any new rules or rule.

102. The comptroller shall, before the first day of June in every Annual reports yea!r, cause a report respecting the exedutibn by or under him of ofcomptroller' this Act to be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and therein shall include for the year to which each report relates all general rUlSsmade in that year under or for the purposes of this Act, and an account of all fees, salaries, and allowances, and other money received and1 paid under thi& Act!

I1 'International and Colonial Arrangements.

103. (1.) If Her Majesty1 is pleased to make any arrangement International with the1 government or governments of any foreign state or states for mutual protection of inventions, designs, and trade marks, or of inventions, any of them, then ariy person who has applied for protection for any designs, and invention, design, oivtrade mark in any such state, shall be entitled trade maiks to a patent for his invention'or to registration of his designer trade mark (as the Scase-may be) under this Act, in priority-tb' other applicants; and such patent or registration shad -have the same ‘date as the date of the protection obtained in such foreign state.

Provided that his application is made, in the. case of a patent within seven months, and in the case of a design* or trade mark within four months, from his applying for protection in the foreign state with which the arrangement is in force.

Provided that nothing in this section contained shall entitle the patentee or .proprietor; of the designs or trade mark to recover damages for infringements happening- prior to the date of the actual

396 Ch. 57. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Yicrc.

Part V.

General.

Provision for colonies and India. *

acceptance of his complete specification, or the actual registration of his design or trade mark in this country, as the case may 'he!','

(2.) The publication in the United Kingdom, or the Isle of Man during the respective ^periods aforesaid of any description of'tile invention, or the use therein during such periods of the invention or the exhibition or use therein during such periods of thb design, or the publication therein during such periods of a description or representation of the design, or the use therein during such periods of the trade mark, shall not invalidate the patent which niaybe granted for the invention, 6t the registration of the design 6r trade mark:

(3.) The application for the grant of a'patent, or the registration of a design, dr the registration'of a trade mark under this 'section!, must be' made in the same in sinner as an Ordinary application ulider this Act: Provided that, in the case of trade marks, any trsld^ inyk1 the registration: of which has been duly applied for in the Couiitry of origin may be registered under this Act:

- (4.) The provisions of this section shall apply'only in fhecase of 'those'5 foreign stated' with respe‘ctvto"which Her Majesty snail1 from time to time by Order in Council declare them to be atmli-cable, and so long only in the case of each state as the Ofaerin, Couricil shall continue in force with.respect to that state.

104. (1.) Where it is made to appear to Her Majesty that the legislature of any British possession has- made satisfactorypi'bvifeion for the protection of inventions, designs, and tra^e marks, patented or' registered in 'this country, it shall be lawful fOrHer Maj®W frbmHhUk tb time, by OtderJ In1' Council, to'' apply the prOvisioM1 of the last preceding section, with such variations Or adaitiOTsJi any, as tb Her Majesty m‘(CoUncil may seem fitjto sucif' Bntrahj , possession.

(2.), An Order in OOunOd Under, this' AOt shalb from'aMatt tap ^|mentioned for the purpose in the1 Order, takh'bffUct'as ifits provrama had bedn tjbnt'ained m dh^/Act£ but' it (shhll T>e"lawfiif for ffet1 Majesty in> Council '66tbVdfee'UidbifffiP^Ufwxif. made undef this Act.

ism iferfe " ^ndPJl^lf¥!e8v.r-Penalty on 105. .(1 .) Any person who i represeatsethair any- article1 sold1; by falsely repre- him is a patented-article, when no ,patent has -beenigrantedfoi' the tc^by atented8 same> oru describes any design or^trade nnirk applied to any article' sold by him aa registered which is not/so, shall be liable for evefy offence on summary conviction* to. a fine not exceeding-five poundfe/ ' j >(&) A; person shall be> deemed; for theipurposes of this enactment, ta represent that an article is-patented or a design or a trade mafk is (roistered; ifi he. sells- ithe article with the Word " patent^ " patented," '/registered," ok -any .word or > words- expressing^ implying that a patent or registration has been obtained -for*'the article stamped, engraved, ori impressed on, or otherwiseapplid&Wo, the (article.

Penalty on nnaathoriaed assumption of Royal arms.

100. Any person who, Without* the authority of Her Majesty, or any of the Royal Family, or of any Government i Bepartnfent, assumes or uses'in connexion with any trade, business, callibg, or profession, the'Royal arms, or arms so nearly resembling thb same

IfsS. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883. Ch. 57. 397

as to' fee calculated to deceive, in such a manner as to be calculated Par* V. to leaf! other persons to believe that he is carrying on his trade, Genbral. business, calling, or profession by or under such authority as aforesaid, shall be, liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Scotland; Ireland; &c.

107. In any action for infringement of a patent in Scotland the Saving for pmyipons of this Act, with respect to calling in the aid of an assessor, shall apply, and the action shall be tried without a jury, 00 unless the court shall otherwise direct, but otherwise nothing shall

affect the jurisdiction and forms of process of the courts in Scotland in such an action or in any action or proceeding respecting a patent hitherto competent to those courts.

For the purposes of this section "court of appeal" shall mean any court to which such action is appealed.

108. in Scotland any offence under this Act declared to, be Summary punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted in the sheriff proceedings in

109. (l.) Proceedings in Scotland for,revocation of a patent shall Proceedings he in the form of an action of reduction at the instance of the Lord oT^tenUn*" Advocate, or at the instance of a party having interest with his Scotland, concurrence, which concurrence may. be given on just cause shown

o»ly* ;

(2.) Service of alj writs and summonses in that action shall be made'- according to the forms and practice existing at the commencement of this Act,

110. AH parties shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, Reservation of have in Ireland their remedies under or in respect of a patent as jf remedies

the same had been granted to extend to Ireland only.

111. (1.) The provisions of this Act conferring a special juris- General saving djciion on the court as defined by this Act, shall not, except so far

as fh<^ jurisdiction extends, affect the jurisdiction of any court in Scotland or Ireland in any proceedings relating to patents or to designs or to trade marks; and with reference to any such proceedings in Scotland, the term- the1 Court" shall mean any Lord Ordinary of the Court of ^Session, and the term r" Court of Appeal " shall mean either Division of the said Court; and with reference to any such proceedings in Ireland, the terms "the Court" and "the " Court of Appeal " respectively mean (the High Court of Justice in Ireland and Her Majesty's Court of Appeal in Ireland.

i(2.) If any rectification of A register under this Act is required in.pursuance of any proceeding in a , court in Scotland or Ireland, a copy, of the order, decree// or other authority for the rectification, shall be served on the comptroller, and'he shall rectify the register accordingly.

112. This Act shall extend' to: the Isle of Man, and-fm&; of Man.

(1.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the jurisdiction of the Comte

in the Isje of Man, in proceedings -for infringement or in; any .action or proceeding, respecting a patent, design, or trade mark qomBefenf those com'ta;

(2.) The punishment for a misdemeanor under this Act in the Isle of Man shall be imprisonment for any term not exceeding

398

Part V.

General.

Repeal and saving for past operation of repealed enactments, &c.

Former registers to; be deemed continued.

Saving for existing rules.

Saving for prerogative.

General

definitions.

Ch, 57. Patents, Designs, cmd'Trade Marks Act, 1883. 40 & 47 VfOT.

,;..two. years, with? or without hard labour, and with Or without

i a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, at the discretion of the court;

v(3.)".-Any offence under.'this Act committed in the Isle of !Man which would in England be punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted, and any fine in respect thereof recovered at the instance of any person aggrieved)'in the manner in which offences punishable-on summary conviction may for the time being be prosecuted.

L fj TpqnsitionriL Provisions; Savings.

113. The enactments described in the Third Schedule to'this Act are hereby repealed. But this reipeal of enactments shall both

u (a.) Affect the past operation of any of those enactments, or any

i i patent or copyright or right to.use a trade mark granted or acquired, or application pending, or appointment made; ©rcoto-pensation granted, or order or direction made or given,-cor

.-right) privilege, obligation, or liability acquired, accrued, or incurred, or anything duly done or suffered under or by any i jji ;o£ those ^enactments before i or at the commencement of1 this Act; or

i (b.)later fere. with t the i institution or prosecution iof fanyiiaetion .dr-proceedings civil, or criminal, in respect thereof,'and any such proceeding may be carried on as if this Act had not been passed; or

-u(ic.,) Take, awayj or abridge any protection or benefit <in relation to any such action on proceeding.

114. (1.), The registers of patents and of proprietors kept under any enactment repealed by this Act shall respectively be deemed parts of the same bqokL as the Register;, of patents kept under this Act.

The registers of designs, and of , trade marks kept under any enactment .repealed by this Act shall respectively be deemed parts of the same': book, as the register o£> designs and the register of; trade marks, kept unden this Act.

115. All general rules made by the Lord Chancellor nr .by. jany other authority under any enactment repealed - by-this Act, landdn force at the' commencement of this -Act, may at any time after the passing, of this; Act be repealed* filtered or amended by the Board of Trade' as if they had been made by the Board under this Act, bilt so that no such repeal alteration or amendment shall take effect before the commencement of this Act; and, subject fi$ aforesaid, such,general.rules shall, so.}far,as they, qre, consistent irjth and are not, superseded a by, this Ant,' continue, in,force,as.tif,they had been made by the Board of Trade under this Act...<v

116. Nothing in this Act shall take away abridge or prejudicially affect the prerogative of1 thef Grown in relation11 granting of any letters patent or, to the withholding of a grant thereof,

|Mp| General Dejmitions.

117. (b) In and for the purposes of this Act, unless, the context otherwise requires,-i-

" Person " includes a body eomora.fp »

\Patmts, Designs, dnd Trade Marks Act, 1883; ' Ch. 57.

Ifhe 'Court" means (subject to the provisions for Scotland,

Ireland, and the Isle of Man) Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in England:

,‘?Law officer" means Her Majesty's Attorney-General or Solicitor-General for England:

to.jSThe Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

rr.,^Comptroller § means the Comptroller General of Patents,

Designs, and Trade Marks:

" Prescribed " means prescribed by any of the Schedules to this Act, or by general rules under or within the meaning of this Act:

"British possession " means any territory or place situate within Her Majesty's dominions, and not being or forming part of the United Kingdom, or of the Channel Islands, or of the Isle of Man, and all territories and places under one legislature, as herein-after defined, are deemed to be one- British possession for the purposes ofi this i Act:

m " Legislature " includes any person or persons who exercise legislative authority in the British possession; and where there are lC0al legislatures as well as a central legislature, means the central legislature only.

n,Ini.theiapplication of this Act to Ireland, "summary conviction" means a< conviction under the f Summary Jurisdiction Acts, that is to sayv with reference to the Dublin- Metropolitan Police District the Acts regulating the duties of justices of the peace and of the police for such district, and elsewhere in Ireland the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending it. -;

SOIED U L E S.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Forms of1 j^plication, &c.

FORM A. Section 5.

Form . of Application for Patent

;!, (») John Smith, of- 29, Perry Street, Birmingham, in the county of /a) Here insen

Warwick^ Engineer, do solemnlyand Sincerely declare that I . am in pos- name, address

session of ap invention for \b) " Improvements in Sewing Machines; " and calling of

that l am the true.^ajid first inventor thereof; and that the same is ,not inventor.

in use by any 'othdr person or persons t© the best of my knowledge and (®) H®reinsert .b--&V-t-V 1 / A* . i . i . . J 7 iji-j title of mven-

beliei; and I humbly pray that a patent may be granted to JKig for the said tjon>

inVehiiOtt.

"And1! fiiake the;¥bove solemn declaration' conseientiously-believingthe to-be fame* and1 by‘Virtu#-of the provisions of' the Statutory Declarations Act, 1835. kg

if; (c) John ' Smith. (o') Signature .Declared, at Birmingham, in the cotmty oi Warwiok, this day of inventor.

."'it#.

Before me,

I (d) James Adams, (<f) Signature

Justice of the Peace. and title of the

Note. — Where thO above declaration isiiiade '6vtt Of the United Kingdom, the words j

"and by virtue of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1835," must-.be omitted; and the- js

declaration must be made before a British consular officer, or where it is not reasonably

practicable to make it before such officer, then before a public officer duly authorised .in that behalf.

Stamp.

'399

Part Y. GrESEKAL.

repealed enactments, &c.

398 Ch, 57. Patents, Designs, and<Trade Marks Act, 1883.40 & 47 Vietj

Pari V. two years, "with or without hard labour, and with dr without

Gmotral. a fine not exceeding-one hundred pounds, at the discretion, of

the court;

tv (3.) i Any offence under this Act committed in the Isle of'Man which would in England be punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted, and any fine in respect thereof recovered at the instance of any person aggrieved, in the manner in which offences: punishable - on summary conviction may for the time being be prosecuted.

j Savvas.

Repeal and 113. The enactments described in the Third Schedule to; this rTratio^of8^ are But ithis repeal ofi enactments shall hob^-

---- n(<z.) Affect the past operation of any of those enactments, or any

patent or copyright or right toi use a. trade mark granted1'or acquired, or application pending, or appointment made, or compensation granted, or order or direction made or given,- or right, privdege, obligation, or liability acquired, accrued, or , incurred, or anything duly done or suffered under or by any i those/enactments;-before ior at the:commencement of this

Act; or

[(b.) .Interfere,with<jtheiinstitution or prosecution 'of tany -action ;0tr- proceedings civil, or criminal, in respect thereof, and any such proceeding may be carried on as if this Act had not been j' passed; or

Take, away or abridge any protection or- benefit -in relation to any such action ort proceeding.

114. (l.).The registers of patents and of proprietors kept under, any enactment repealed by this Act shall, respectively be deemed parts of the same bqok m the register. of patents kept under this Act.

!;(&) The registers of designs, and of trade marks, kept under any enactment repealed by this Act shall respectively be deemed parte of the same book: as the register 'ofi designs and the register of. trade marks kept under this Act.

115. All general rules made by the Lord Chancellor or,by. any existing rules, 0£]jer authority -under < any enactment, repealed by this Act, and in

force at the commencement of this Act, may at any time after the passing of this Act be repealed' altered or amended - by the Board of Trade' as if they had been made by the Board under this Act, but sb that no such repeal alteration o;r amendiheijt , shall lake effect before the commencement of this Act j and, subject as aforesaid, such general rules shall, so,far as they ar® consistent .jejth and are not superseded by this Act,-continue, in /force as if, they had been made by the Board of Trade under this Act.

116. Nothing in this Act shall take away abridge or prejudicially affect the prerogative of1 the; Gkewn in relation1 to the granting of any letters-.patent or; to the withholding of a grant thereof;

v General Defmtiom.

117. : (1.) In and for the purposes of this Act, unless the context oihCrwise-requires,- —

Person " includes a body corporate;

Former registers to be deemed continued.

Saving for

Saving for prerogative

General

definitions,

1883. ' Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1880. ' Ch. 57. 399

, uftflie Court " means (subject to the provisions for Scotland, Pam t.

Ireland, and the Isle of Man) Her Majesty's High Court of Justice GbcthAi-

in England:$

Law officer "j means Her Majesty's Attorney-General or Solicitor-General for England:

The Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

i, ^Comptroller " means the Comptroller General of Patents,

Designs, and Trade Marks:

‘ ‘‘Prescribed" means prescribed by any of the Schedules to this Act, or by general rules under or within the meaning of this Act:

British possession " means any territory or place situate within Her. Majesty's dominions, and not being or forming part of the United Kingdom, or of the Channel Islands, or of the Isle of Man, and all territories and places under one legislature, as herein-after defined, are deemed to be one British possession for the purposes of this Act:

" Legislature " includes any person or persons who exercise legislative authority in the British possession; and where there are local legislatures as well as a central legislature, means the central legislature only.

ft In; thei application of this Act to Ireland, " summary conviction " means a conviction under the , Summary Jurisdiction Acts, that is tc say, iwith reference to-, the Dublin Metropolitan Police District the Acts regulating the duties of justices of the peace and of the police fon such district, and elsewhere in Ireland the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending it.

SCHEDULES.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Forms op Application, &c.

FORM A. , Section 5.

Form of Application for Patent

I, (a) John Smith, of 29, Perry Street, Birmingham, in the county of (a) Here insen Warwick, Engineer, do solemnly and sincerely declare that I am in pos- name, address Session of an invention for (6) " Improvements in Sewing Machines, " and calling of that I am the trueand first inventor thereof; and that the same is not inventor-. inu'qe by any other pex-son dr .persons to the best of my knowledge and; titte^ofinve-61^ belief and I humbly pray that'^patent may be granted to me for the said tjon> v hjVehtion.

1 And I riiake the;bbove solemn declaration conscientiously-believing the Same to be true, and'by Virtue1 of the provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1835.1

11 (e) John Smith. (c") Signature'

n p^eclsred at Birmingham, in the cotmty oi Warwiok, this . . day of inventor.

J .

Before me,

, (d) James Adams, (d) Signature

Justice of the Peace. and title of the

Note. — Where the above declaration is made out of the United Kingdom, the -words >

"and by virtue of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1835," must .be.omitted; and the ;s

declaration must he made before a British consular officer, or where it is not reasonably .

Practicable to make it before such officer, then before'a public officer duly authorised behalf."El SsSS _ * i nK'

£\

Stamp.

400

Ch. 57. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883. 4G & 47 VICr

(«) Here insert FORM B.

title as in declaration.

(i) Here insert name, address, and calling of inventor as in declaration.

(c) Here insert short description of invention.

(d) Signature of inventor.

Form of Provisional Specification.

Improvements in Sewing Machines, (a)

I, (b) John Smith, of 2<), Firry Street, Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, Engineer, do hereby declare the nature of my invention for " Improvements in Sewing Machinesto be as follows (c): —

(d) John Smith,

Dated this day of /S' .

Note. — No stamp is required on this document.

FORM C.

Form of Complete Specification.

(a) Here insert Improvement# in Sewi/nq Machines, (a)

title, as in __________ a

(£) Here insert John Smith, of 2<), Perry Street, Birmingham, in the county of name address ^'lTW^ch Engineer, do hereby declare the nature of my invention for and calling of " Improvements in Sewing Machines'" and in what manner the same is to inventor, as in be performed, to be particularly described and ascertained in and by the declaration. . following statement (c) : —

(c) Here insert # * # * #.

o^inventi(m.10n Having now particularly described and ascertained the nature of my said invention and in what manner the same is to be performed, I declare that

(d) Here state what I claim is (d).

distinctly the features of novelty claimed.

(e) Signature of inventor.

1.

2.

3. «fec.

Dated this day of

/S'

(e) John Smith.

Section 33. FORM I).

Form of Patent.

VICTORIA, by the grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith : To all to whom these presents shall come greeting:

Whereas John Smith, of 29, Perry Street, Birmingham, in the county of jYarwick, Engineer, hath by his solemn declaration represented unto us that he is in possession of an invention for " Improvements in Sewing Machines," that he is the true and first, inventor thereof, and that the same is pot in use by any other person .to the best of his knowledge and'belief: And whereas the said inventor hath humbly prayed that we would be graciously pleased to grant unto him (herein-after together with his executors, administrators, and assigns, or any of them, referred to as the saiil patentee) our Royal Letters Patent for the sole use and advantage of his said invention:

And whereas the said inventor hath by and in his complete specification particularly described the nature of his invention:$

And whereas we being willing to encourage ail inventions which may be for the public good, are graciously pleased to condescend to his request: Know ye, therefore, that We, of our especial grace, certain knowledge, and mere motion do by these presents, for us, our heirs and successors, give and grant unto the said patentee our especial license, full power, sole privilege, and authority* that the said patentee by himself, his agents, or licen iees, and no others, may at all times hereafter during the term of years herein

18S3. Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883. Ch. 57. 401

mentioned, make, use, exercise, and vend.the said invention within ouv United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and Isle of Man, in such manner as to him or them may seem meet, and that the said patentee shall have and enjoy the whole profit and advantage from time to time accruing by reason of the said invention, during the term of fourteen years from the date hereunder written of these presents: And to the end that the said patentee may have and enjoy the sole use and exercise and the full benefit of the said invention, We do by these presents for us our heirs and successors, strictly command all our subjects whatsoever within our United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Isle of Man, that they do not at any time during the continuance of the said term of fourteen years either directly or indirectly make use of or put in practice the said invention, or any part of the same, nor in anywise imitate the same, nor make or cause to be made any addition thereto or subtraction therefrom, whereby to pretend themselves the inventors thereof, without the consent licence or agreement of the said patentee in writing under his hand and seal, on pain of incurring; such penalties as may be justly inflicted on such offenders for their contempt of this our Royal command, and of being answerable to the patentee according to law for his damages thereby occasioned: Provided that these our letters patent are on this condition, that, if at any time during the said term it be made to appear to us, our heirs, or successors, or any six or more of our Privy Council, that this our grant is contrary to law, or prejudicial or inconvenient to our subjects in general, or that the said invention is not a new inyention as to the public use and exercise thereof within our United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and Isle of Man, or that the said patentee is not the first and true inventor thereof within this realm as aforesaid, these our letters patent shall forthwith determine, and be void to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding anything herein-before contained u.

Provided also, that if the said patentee shall not pay all fees bj law required to be paid in respect of the grant of these letters patent, or in respect of any matter relating thereto at the time or times, and in manner for the time' being by law provided; and also if the said patentee shall not supply or cause to be supplied, for our service all such articles of the said invention as may be required by the officers or commissioners administering any department of our service in such manner, at such times, and at and upon such reasonable prices and terms as shall be settled in manner for the time being by law provided, then, and in any of the said cases, these our letters patent, apd all privileges and advantages whatever hereby granted shall determine^ and become void notwithstanding anything herein-before contained: Provided also that nothing herein contained shall prevent the granting of' licences in such manner and for such considerations as they may by law be granted: .And. lastly, we do by these presents for us, our heirs and successors, grant, unto the said patentee that these our letter's patent shall be-construed in the most beneficial sense for the advantage of the said patentee.

In witness whereof we have caused these our letters to be made patent, fiiis one thousand eight hundred and and

to be sealed as of the ..... ,i* one thousand eight hundred

apd

0 c

402

Section 47. FORM E.

Form of Application for Registration of Design.

_______;day of__________ 18 .

You are hereby requested to register the accompanying (a) Here insert Design, in Class____in the name of (a)

legibly the of who claims to be the Proprietor thereof, and

n*T "t to return the same to address of the «. . . , , ,

individual or statement ot nature ot Design__________

firm. Registration Fees enclosed £ , s.

To the Comptroller,

Patent Office, 25, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, W.C.

(Signed)__________

Section 62. FORM F.

Form of Application for Registration of Trade Mark.

(One representation to be fixed within this square, and two others on separate sheets of foolscap of same size.)

(Representations of a larger size may be folded, but must be mounted upon linen and affixed hereto.)

You are hereby requested to register the accompanying trade mark, [In Class — Iron in bars, sheets, and plates; in Class — Steam engines and (a) Here insert boilers; and in Class — Warming Apparatus], in the name of (a) legibly the , who claims to be the proprietor thereof.

andbSsTof Registration Fees enclosed £ , |

the individual To the Comptroller,

or firm. Patent Office, 25, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, W. C.

(Signed-)__________

Note. — If the trade mark has been in use before August 13, 1875, state length of user.

403

THE SECOND SCHEDULE. 0 .

section

Fees on instruments foi' obtaining Patents, and Renewal.

' (a.') Up to sealing.

£ d. £ s. d.

On application for provisional protection - - 1 0 0

On filing complete specification -30 0

---- 4 0 0

On filing complete specification with first application - - 4 0 0

(5.) Further before end of four years from date ofpatent.

On certificate of renewal - - 50 0 0

i(c.) Further before end of seven years, or in the case of patents granted after the commencement of this Act, before the end of eight years from date of patent.

On certificate of renewal ---- 100 0 0

Or in lieu of the fees of £50 and £100 the following aniiual fees: —

Before the expiration of the — fourth year from the date of the patent £ - 10 s. 0 d. 0

fifth 99 . - - 10 0 0

sixth 99 99 99 _ - 10 0 0

seventh 99 -., - 10 0 0

eighth 99 99 - - 15 0 0

ninth 99 99 - - 15 0 0

tenth >> 99 " - - 20 0 0

eleventh 99 . - 20 0 0

twelfth 99 - - 20 0 0

thirteenth 99 99 i - 20 0 0

THE THIRD SCHEDULE. , Section 113.

Enactments repealed.

21 James I. c. 3. [1623.]

to & 6 Will. 4. c [1835.] tl In part, to & 6 Will. 4. c.

o r £1885-1

2 & 3 Vict. c. 67. [1839.]

62.

83.

to & 6 Vict. c. 100 [1842.]

® & 7 YictTc. 65^ 7, [1843.]

1 i Vict. c. 69. (a I [1844.] -i In part.

The Statute of Monopolies.

In part; namely, —

Sections ten, eleven, and twelve.

The Statutory Declarations Act, 1835.

In part; namely, —

Section eleven.

An Act to amend the law touching letters patent for inventions.

An Act to amend an Act of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William the Fourth, intituled "An Act to amend the law touching letters patent " for inventions."

An Act to consolidate and amend the laws relating to thp copyright of designs for ornamenting articles of

manufacture,______, , -

An Act to amend the laws relating to the copyright of designs.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of His late Majesty, intituled "An : " Act for the better administration of justice in His Majesty's Privy Council, and to extend its jurisdiction and powers."

In part; namely, —

Sections two to five, both included.

®?5tions six and seven of this Act are repealed by the Statute | Revision (Ho. | Act, 1874.

0 c 2

13 & 14 Vict. c: 104'.

p [1850/}

15 & 16 Vict. e. 83.

r, 11852.1,

Wm 17 Vict. c. 5. [1853.]

16 & lftViQt. jC. ilS. W pp.pl?

21 .& ,22 Vict'. c. 76. ' 1 [18587}*

22.vict.fi. 13. *1^1853*] '

24 4^5 vitAC.;S!v

.Cmt

i28&-26Yi6t.'c.3;J

0-865.]

33 & 3^¥iev,c. 27t,

' rts^.]. ' 'S3& 3%Vi$t! 6. 97; v'[18707} <-

,38, &-39, Vict. c.,9L

5 rim].

88.i&'39 Vict.]0!;93.

Jo [187&3 -

,39 &,j^jV4et. & 33.

ri676.L..

w^rVibre-: 37?

l! [1877-p'S 43& Msi Victbi.d lft. boiU§^9-la:tC

45 &. 46 Vict. c. 72. W% -L1882v]- |

:Ml ^'fto1 extend1 and*aniend'the Acts'relatiiig fetbe copyright of designs.

The latent Law Amendment Act, 1852,/ V,

An Act to substitute stamp duties for fees on passing letters patent' for ‘iiventioas, and to ‘provide- for th« purchase for the public use of certain indexes of L;,. specifications.

An Act to ^mqpd certain provisions of the Patent Law i Amendment A<&,' 18§2i; in respect of the transihik-sion of certified copies ^f'lfittferS patent dhd ^peci-b , fications to qert^pi offices in Edinburgh and Dublin, and otherwise to aipepd the said Act.

Aii to ambp'athe'Adt of the fifth and 'suftn years; 6f\Kerpresent Majesty, tq consolidate and lamend f the laws, reflating: to the copyright of design fcjr ornamenting articles of manufacture.

An Act to amend the law concerning patents" for ^iyv,ePtioflS‘)with,Sf^pect to* inventions <foiv.itapft>ve-ijjft ments in instruments and munitions ofjf&r.'.j.o An Act to amend £$e law relating tojfcei copyright of designs..''

' HR !lndhstilal'Ekhibition^Ayt,Jl1865.t-1 j Tl$( Protection.of( Indentions Act, 1870..,cr ^Th^j§6aihpf Act'/TST©',^'

nrinniir xta puim

> ti^eejtion, sixtj^few,.andguk ,t^§pl\ed^lq^p (iW$ls and figures.' *

' " Certificate. of the' 'rejjjistfation " of a : design IfftvJ « 'mB- 0 ' 0*

And see Section 65." iThe Trade Jfarks Registration Act. 187!h /

| ^he^Cbpytight Of TteSigfiB ,Adt;/l^?'5;';>r

The Trade Marks TRegistratipp Amendment Act, 1876.

' 'Tnfe'Tr^le Matfkkrte'^&tratfcii lI^ehsiOh'Actrito?

4 I The jGbreJbt'^iaal Afitjil880, i i i

; lla Ippa^t; n^me}y,j — f(w-'

Bection.fi.ve.

The Reyenue, Friendly Societies, and Nation^Tlem;

Act, 1882. &lj.0iu sir jfojeo:

! ifiiln part'jiffiamelyiTjrfi ni? >

n\1f,Sect4an,shcteen; r , - , r. . .r

'^ct tb aDtieB® th'e Pb^'iOffic^ (Mbn^rders)11 AdsSi

43 & 44 Vict. TIT EEEREAS by the Post Office (Money Orders) AcIjIhSO) it is c'33' Vy provided that, subject to the Post-jMSce regulaliktis tiaird6!&ned

by t)iat Act, Jhq Pps^m^ter federal, with the cSise^at of1'' the Trca-Siny| ijnay authon^e insQfficers^'to.israe orders'lrflbo*to in xbe sdhedule1^%6 that Act, suDjicfcf(t§llfi^,p^'rao ^bal tWleader

405

1883. Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1883. Ch.58.1

shall be for one of the amounts therein named, and in respect thereof the poundage therein named shall be taken for the use of Her Majesty:$

And whereas it is expedient to make such further provision respecting the same as herein-after appears: id He it enacted by the Queers most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of thie Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1 1. Notwithstanding anything in the Post Office (Money Orders) Alteration of A.ct, lt880, any of the orders issued in pursuance of that Act shall, form of orders-mwfaf of the form specified in that Act; be in the form set forth id the schedule to this Act with such modifications as may be prescribed.

2*. An order issued in pursuance of the Po3t Office (Money Alteration of Orders) Act, 1880, shall be for the prescribed amount not exceeding tWeirty Shillings, Arid there shall be taken in respect thereof, for the use of Her Majesty, the prescribed poundage not exceeding twopence.

3. The Postmaster-General may, if the post office regulations so Issue of orders

provide, authorise any person holding office under the Crown to of

issue an order in pursuance of the .Post Offiee (Money Orders) Act,

1880, and a! person so authorised shall be deemed for the purpose of the issue and payment of such order, to be an officer of the Postmaster General and of the Post Office within the meaning of the said Act.

4. — (1.) Whereas bjrreasori of the form of the order issued

under the Post Office (Mqney Orders) Act, 1880, and of the pro- c. 33., respect-visions of that Act authorising the issue thereof by officers of the 1DS money Tifetmaster General only, doubts have arisen with respect to the British^os<e^ application of the Post, Office (Money Orders) Act, 1880, to . orders sions. issued in pursuance of arrangements made with the governments of Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom, and it is expedient to remove such doubtS : Be it! therefore enacted as fehpws:.

Where an arrangement is made with the Government of any British possession for the transmission of small sums through the post Offices of the United Kingdom and such British possession by means of-money orders,-of a like-character to those issued- under the Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1880, as amended by this Act, the said Act, as amended by this Act, shall, so far as is consistent With the tenour thereof, and stthjscktc* thd prescribed modifications, apply iri dike -manlier. if $$( order jssped in pursuance of such Judgement, whether nby, an ^officesmf Pp^J^frice. or-mrach British possession, was an order under, the said ^.ct, as amended'by thfe. Act* and such'Jppr^ion§ 'df 'the1^ said Act As eriact punishments sh'all apply accordingly-!

f(i*Ayided' wmtriv- ' < ino'^4-14 ni wdluj mil -(< HBj

(a.)Any Post Office regulations in relation to any money orders J] issued in pursuanc^of any1 such ariapgementas aforesaid may

differ"from the regffiM^ other money orders:;

and

IQQ, @H. 5.8i ?m\(}ffiGe (Mdmy tirddfs) AM, 1888. 46 & 47 Yicu

(b.) Any 'money orders issued in pursuance of any such, arrangement as aforfesaid may bfc of such amount not exceeding the maximum amount in this Act mentioned and in such fbrtft and

;sn]^ect to suchl^ditjon^roipOe^ipg ppnp^a^e,.coinmi8m0ia,|be periods during which they, ares payable and other matter as thfe Treasury; on; the recommendation of the Postmaster (general, may direct, mi

I(Sk)Iin this section the expression "United Kingdom" includes thO CMhnel Islands and the Isle of Man, and the expression- '4 British jg possession " means any part of Her Majesty's dominions other than the United Knagdoin. the Channel Islands, and the Xsle, of Man/' Commence- -5, This Act''shall come into operation on the first day of January ment of Act. thousand eight hundred apd eighty

Construction of 6.' This Act shall he construed as one with the Post Office (Money Act* . Orders) Acts, 1848 and 1880.

ii°Af2 Vict. This act may as the I|ost,Office (Money Orders)

c. 88. * Act, 1883, and together with1 th!e Post uifice Money Orders Acts,

43 & 44 Vict. 1848 and 1880, may be cited- as the Post Office y(Money Orders) .*3S- Acts,'1848 -&1883-.-

Partial repeal 8. TheJgosji Qj05,ce. (Money Orders) Act* 1880, .is li^ehy rgpesjed ft£g* i° the extent mentioned in the third column of the Second Schedule id this Act;

Provided that a3PfrQtf&|f ^x^sx^' the' co'mhieh^euifefit

Q^'ilpssl^U,pa#e;effect, and he'paid'm like manned in all respects as. if this Act had.not parsed.

Section 1.

* Alter accord-r mg to amount.

'l/S Inland fi Sterenue Stamp. *

t ' Costal Order. ;

V4tO& ifflSSSS#

/ Paying dfflie ! Stamp, -with Date. 1 (' CadceUtagftMs'

Order.

FIBST SCHEDULE,

FORM OF ORDER. -r5s* '

[i^o. ef 9rd^A]

j Postal 'Ojcjder for * [five shillings]. £

Po-the postmaster in charge of the money order office fghagtl £$& - ft- '-o: ' > pay>tofr. Sfc'M'ffl ii;>£c^ ;u. iat'.aUF:;hW®'jTOithin'!three.;Oal?n^r months jfrQip the Ja4ti dp,y).pfflthe m°hth r iqf issuq the,suni off-[five shilliugsl qn apeaunt of Her l^JSSte's Po^tma^t^ fjeueM..

I '"Postmaster,.

to wlyna this .order i&m^djausj,'before, pp,jtipg. .'wit^t, nfl: m the''nam'd oftne person to whom the amount is to be 'pMdyaridiiifiiy -fill ifi' the natttd'0frthe''ifi6hey 'dVdep' office1 at which' .tho^ampunt to he paid. i, .

, ^xpept when the order is paid- through a banker* the-persoinso 'nStmea ' must' sigh the'1 receipt at we foot hereof, ankmust also fill in the; name of the- m&ney order' bffice if thM1 has' not'already been done.

L If this order he ' crossed:" ' V" 1 & Co.," payment

will only be made thrbugh tt ^tfi.ker,;afld 'if th'e name of a banker is added payment will only be made through that hanker.

407

.1688. Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1883. Ch. 58, 59.

,2j, After this order has once been paid, — to whomsoever it is paid* — the Postmaster General will not be liable for any further claim.

3, If any erasure or alteration be piade,' or if this order be. cut, delaeed,

'of mutilated, payment may be refused.

<'''' 4, The'regulatiofas under which this order is issued allow the postmaster tfd: refuse qt delay the payndent of this order, but he mtist at once report his r&tsons for so doing to the Postmaster General.

. 5. After the expiration of three months from the last day of themouth of issue-this Order will be payable only on payment of a commission equal to the amount of the original poundage, with the addition i(if more than thine months have elapsed since the said expiration)! of phe amount of the original poundage for every further period of three months which has so elapsed, and for every; portion of any such period of three months over and jflooVe erery complete period.

Received the hhove-nhmed stim,

i-' !:' 1 ' . 1 --T /Signature?.

* SECOND, SCHEDULE. ' ... K ' Sections.

j Act repealed.

"Session and Chapter. 8 1 Title. ' Extent Of Rie^eil." 1

The Post Office (Money Orders}! Act) J880.' In section one, the. first proviso, namely, from " any such order " down to " twenty shillings' twt>-pence"; and the schedule. !

CHAPTER 59.

AA.r:;Act t'6 make better provision for the Prevention of ' outbreaks of formidable epidemic, endemic, or infectious ;J $seases, and to amend the Public Health Act, England,

. 1875, and the Public Health Act, Ireland, 1878.

,r[2§th August 1883.]

T)E it. enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and Preamble. A) witkfhe' a^Vide- and consentbf1 the Lords Spiritual and Tein-$cWT,' tod* Chiiifhpolis, iff this prdsefft Parliairient assembled, and by the' authority of the same^as follows* |

1. This act may be- cited as - the^iEpidemic' and other Diseases Short title. PfeVfentiOn Act/1888.

2, - Whenever any pSrt of England' brTSf" Ireland appears to be Extension of

threatened With Or affected by any formidable epidemic, endemic, or inmqtious disease* and the Local Government Board, England, under preventing iher;previsions of the Public Health Actj England,., 1875,. or Mie g18^86'^ Kcal * GovernmdntJ Board, Ireland, under the provision^ of the ® 55> . "* Public Health. A$fc Jrelarid,18?,8,piake regulations for all or any of 41 & 42 Vict the^foUbwing purpos^, namely: °'52,

(1.) For the speedy intemept .of the: dead.

_Eor hofDse to house visitation, .<

(3.) 'For tho provision of medical aidand hospital:accommodation,1 I and

408

.CA 5$;. 60. .Post dffic6 (M^p Men)W6t, 1883. 46 & 47

(4.) For the promotion of'cleansing, ventilation, and disinfection and for guarding against the Spread of disease.

The in^e^Mtid ffegulafidns' shall "He dbemed#

be purposes for which sanitary authorities may borrow mobey; and the local authorities in England, and the saintary authorities in Ireland, charged.with, the ,c,prying out ^of such regulations, may borrow, and the Public Works Loan Commissioners in England and the Board of Public Works M Ireland may lend-unoney to shch authorities, as if such purposes were " works " jfor which loans may be granted under the Public Health Act,' England, 1875, and the Public Health Act, Ireland, l'878. "

Bitch foaris nii£y be m|adeJ forthwith and Without; any prelimiMiy public ndtibfe Of ' inquiry,! if- it appear tb' hhe Local Goveinrifep Board desirable in order to the prompt and effective execution of such regulations'. 1

Amendment of 3, Whereas by the pne hundred and fiftieth section of the Public PubUcH<Lith health Ireland Act, 1878; the board of guardians of any uniOn !iii Act, Maud, which regulations fqr prevention of the spread of formidable *878. epidemic, endemic, or infectious diseases made by the Local Gdyera-

ment Board are declared to be iri force, are the authority.appointed to' superintend arid see tbthe exeSmtion-of such regulations, to tHC exclusion of all Other sanitary authorities.

And whereas in the event of the outbreak of any formidable epidemic^ surii'exclusion of the urban sanitary authority in mti&! arid large towns might lead to delay iahd!.i!nb6nvenience.'

Be it enacted that whenever the Local Government Board, Ireland; shall make any such reflations, the4 Board may' direct the'tiriiari sanitary authority1^--Within^hhydietriet un^whiCh r,sujchT reflations shall he declared to he. in force, fo superintend and s§enfo'i'tB.e execution of Stich fegUlfitions, of anyofthem, either independently or jointly with the board of guardians of any union within1 Whien Or within part of which regulations so: issued, by- the Local 'GoVefri5 ment Board are declared to be, in force, and thereupon every'Urban sanitary authority so directed'by' the LOcaPGbvernment Bdard "shall have the like powers and authority in every respect as the Wdrd'Of gtiardians Of imy ririibn Within Such district;' 'r

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to better1 the conditions Lahourers inAi^lhnd' ' m

T) E it ;^acfod. by the ‘ Queen' A most *1 ^cellent M ajasty, vby^fd R with the ' adricp ''s^'^nsenFof the ^Sr^s'^ joral, and Commons, ip this present! Paf lramen t flAsftrn^lfld and by U'. As the authority of ffie same';as follows?' >,>, !

.'bhort title. o 3 £ r i wi ili* n v *kv/ iocm ni

1. Tills Act may 'pe pjted for all purposes a& the .Labourers jiffeland) Act';i^ty; 'f l;"'[

Extent of Act. g, .Tips jiM shall extend' td 'Irelbn^ only, J

.jJyjS m iIllilttSg

districts and dnerem-after called the sanitary ^Lstric^f pptf " rural ^nit^y

1083. Labourers (Irelmd) Act, 1883, Oft. 50. 409

aythiority " (herein-after called the sanitary authority) shall have rural sanitary the meanings assigned to them respectively by the sixth section of thef Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and this, Act shall, in so far c. 52. s. 6.1C agjsc consistent with, the scope and tenor thereof, be construed as one,with the said Act,

Scheme by Sfiniiary Authority.

4, Where a representation as herein-after mentioned is made to Sanitary autho-$$ .sanitary authority that the existing house accommodation for agricultural labourers and their families within any section of the scheme, sanitary district, to be defined in such representation, is deficient, haying,. regard to the ordinary requirements of the district, or is pafit for human habitation owing to dilapidation, the want of light, air, yentilation, or proper conveniences, or to any other sanitary defects, and that such deficiency or sanitary defect,cannot be effectually remedied otherwise than by an improvement scheme fqr the erection of. other dwellings in lieu of or in addition ,to the dwellings already existing in the section, the sanitary authority spal), take such representation into their consideration af a meeting of fwkich not less than: fourteen days public notice has been given,

And of which a special notice has been sent to each member of the sanitary authority not less than fourteen days before the day of mating, and if satisfied of the truth thereof, and of the sufficiency of*their resources, shall,pass a,resolution that an improvement scheme ought to be made in respect of such section, and after flA$singr sqch, resolution they shall forthwith "proceed fo make a for theirpprpyement of such section-. The sanitary authority may from time to time postpone thqir d^isipn ,as to passing ayesplntion^.pi? may postpone the-maiking of A scheme, to any subsequent meeting specified by them at the time of £ soph f postponement, and, in such,. case t not less than three: days notice,of such meeting; shall; he sent .to each member of. the; sanitary Authority.

[fnTwo. or mpre:-sections may be included in pne improvement ^nemp..

The Local Government, Board may,.if,they think fit, exercise for the purposes Of this Act the powers conferred upon them by the twelfth section of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, of forming two or more sanitary districts or contributory places into a united district, as if the purposes of this Act were among the purposes specified in the said sefetmn fiaMltnb^rimrions of section thirteen of tljniSaad. Act -as to the governing body of a united district^ and of ?eption fourteen as bathe constitution of a joint board, shall apply m the case of such united, district, and such united district, shall he d*e%(ecl td bfe a rural sanitary district for the purposes of this Api|

! fi; A^fepriesehdfttion' ih pprsh^Ce of flie last preceding section Representation &alf mean a representation signed by not less than twelve j persons jw to-rated for; the relief of the poor within the sanitary district; pro- 0 vidd'd'that ifraftdr the area upon which' the cost, $ pe scheme ,fe to he charged shall have been proposed by the sanitary ^authority, it shall appear that less than twelye'; m the persons who shall have signed the representation are resident Within the sAid area, then riaid ‘^epreseiitation, and all proceedings consequent thereoh,

Ch. 60. liCbbouren (Iwelo/nd) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Yjot.

. shall cease to he of' any £o(ree ok Validity, unless within one month after the making -of the scheme an approval in writing of the said representation and, proceedings shall be signed and forwarded to the sanitary authority by so many additional persons, rated as aforesaid and resident within the said area, as, with those who shall have already signed the representation and are resident within the said area, shall make up the number of-twelve. The representation^if made-on the ground, of: insufficient house accommodation, shall set forth Specific instances of suchi insufficiency, and if made on the; ground of sanitary .defects shall be accompanied by a .certificate of a sanitary officer of the sanitary authority toowhich . the representation iss toade in-conroboratioin of the sanitary defects alleged. The representation shall also; .define < the .section to. which the scheme is toiapply, and shall contain a suggestion on the part of the signatories as to the locality or localities in their opinion most, suitable for the erection of the proposed new; d wellings.

Requisites of 0# The improvement scheme ;-of a sanitary, authority-shall be

s^mTof611* accompanied'by maps, particulars, and estimates; it may exclude saintary any part of the- section in respect of which a representation is made, authority. of may , include any neighbouring lands, within that district If < the

samtary authority are of .opinion-that such, exclusion ia expedient or inclusion is necessary for making ;their scheme efficient for the purposes, for which it is intended; it shtdl-distinguisbithec lands proposed to ibe taken compulsorily i jt shall;further proposeithe erection of a sufficient; number Q£^bQUrers,i©ottages sQ ::as,to(n?ftvide for. the accommodation lOf-the labouring class in suitable rdwellings) with the requisite approaches to such dwellings\ , it shall also? provide for proper sanitary- arrangements^ and .fox a^plot ror garden dot exceeding half a. statute acre- being allotted toi each. dwelling-.; -It may also provide for such scheme or any part ..thereof being carried out and effected by the-person, entitled? to the first estate- of freehold in,any propertty-subject to. :the scheme or. with the.-(concurrence of such person, under the superintendence and control, of the, sanitary authority, and. upon; such terms and: conditions .to be. embodied in the scheme as may be-agreed upon between the. sanitary- authority and such person. | The scheme shall also specifyithe, area 'which the sanitary authority propose as the area; upon, which. the cost to rife incurred in carrying the isobeme dutp execution shall be charged. The rseheum1 shall avoid I all' inte|fo^er[Qe. >y^ith|.demesne| and amenity,of residence of tire owner of the lands prpposedto, betaken, or,with any home farm, or .lands; :imraedrately£eJjoindng, ?and' cus-tomarily occupied iwith-; sqebi', residence, and, in all^casesj lands shall be/selected, with due? regard; to.- the general situation and oeuvenicnfle ofj the owner's,property, so.as tp: diminish th?e.value thereoffas- little as possible. .:$

>?y>$aan,jyn^ .

Proceedings 7. Upon theeompletion; of an improvement')scheme the sanitary mation of^e au*kority aball publishii during Aree JtCwseeutive weeks in the month Improvement September, pr October, on November in-some two orimorei news-scheme. papers circulating within the jurisdiction of the sanitary lauthority, an advertisement, stating the fact of a scheme having 'been mkde, the. limits of the section to which the, scheme relates, the Estimated cost of carrying the scheme into effect, and the proposed area of

1883; Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1888. Ch. 60. 411

charge., and naming a convenient place where a copy of the scheme may be' seen at all reasonable hours: and during the month next following the month in which such advertisement is published serve a notice on every owner or reputed owner, lessee or reputed lessee, and occupier of any lands proposed to be taken compulsorily, so far as such persons can reasonably be ascertained, stating that such lands are proposed to be taken compulsorily for the purpose of an improvement scheme, and in the case of any Owner or reputed owner, lessee or reputed lessee; requiring an answer stating whether the person so served dissents or not in respect of taking such lands, such notice to be'served — - > ;< >

ity.) By delivery of the same personally to the person required to . be served, or, if such person is absent abroad or cannot be found,

<rvi i >to his agent, or if no agent can be found, then by leaving the same on the premises; or

* $;) By leaving the same at the usual or last known place of

t abode of such person as aforesaid; or ;ifi(d.)>.By forwarding the' same by post in a prepaid letter addressed / j; to the usual or last known place of abode of such person.

nfOrie notice addressed to the occupier or occupiers without naming

him or [them and1 left at any house shall be deemed to be a notice

served on the'occupier or on all the occupiers of any such house.

si).Upon 1 compliance with the provisions contained in' this section Petition to

with respect to the publication of advertisements and the service of

ttbtrees; the sanitary authority shall present a petition to the Local

Government Board praying that an order may be made confirming

such scheme. The petition shall be accompanied by a copy of the

scheme,‘and shall state the names of the owners or reputed owners,

lessees or reputed) lessees,1 who- have dissented in respect of the

taking their lands, and shall be supported by such evidence as-the

Local Government Board may from time to time require* ]

fe If, On'consideration of the petition and on proof of the publication

of the? proper advertisement and-the service of the proper notices,

the Local Government Board think fit to proceed with the case, they

shall direct a local inquiry to be held for the purpose of ascertaining.

the cbrrectness of the representation made as to the section, and the

deficiency of houses for agricultural labourers1 and their sanitary

defects, and the sufficiency of the scheme, and any local objections

to1 be made to such scheme, and as to‘the propriety of confirming

such Scheme.

-After receiving the1 report'made upon such inquiry the Local GoVerhment Board may make a Provisional Order declaring the limits' of the section -to which ;- the scheme relates, and authorising sufeh scheme to be carried into'execution; The Provisional Order shall also specify the areas which are to be contributory places'for the purposes of this Act, uponi which the expenses incurred under this Act are to- be-charged. ..Such Provisional Order may be made either absolutely or/with such conditions and alterations of the scheme as the Local Government Board may think fit, so that no addition be, made to the lands proposed in the- scheme to be taken compulsorily, and it shall .he the duty of the sanitary authority to serve a copy of any Provisional Order so made in the manner and upon ‘the persons in which and upon whom notices in respect of

Certain orders of the Local Government Board valid 'without confirmation by Parliament.

Costs to be awarded in certain cases.

(?h. 60. Labourers (Irelcund) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 $$§1

lands proposed to'be taken compulsorily are required by this Act to be served, except tenants for a month or a less period than a month.

A Provisional Order made in pursuance of this section shall hot be of any validity until and unless it has been confirmed by Act of Parliament, and it shall be lawful for the Local Government Board as soon as conveniently may b© to obtain such confirmation; and any Provisional Order made in pursuance of this Act, when confirmed by Parliament with such modifications as may seem fit to Parliament, shall be deemed tb be a Public General Act of Parliament,* and is in this Act referred to as the confirming Act.

Any Act confirming any Provisional Order made in pursuance - of this Act may be repealed, altered, or amended by any Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board and Qonfirinea, by Parliament.

The Local Government Board may make such order as they think fit in favour of any persons whose lands were proposed by the scheme to be' taken compulsorily for the allowance of the reasonable! costs, charges, and Expenses properly incurred by him in opposing sUchAChema

All costs, charges, and expenses incurred by the Local Government Board in" relation to any Provisional Order under this Act shall, to such amount as the Local Government Board think proper to direct, and all costs, charges, and expenses of any person,' to such amount as may be allowed by the Local Government Board in pursuance of the aforesaid power, shall be deemed to be an expense inhurbed by the sanitary authority under this Act, and shall be paid to the Local Government Board and to such person respectively, in such manner and at such times, and either in one sum or by instalments, as the Local Government Board may order, with power for the Local Government Board to direct interest to be paid, at such rate, not exceeding five pounds in the' hundred by thei year, as the Local Government Board may determine, upon any sum for the time being due1 in respect of such: costs, charges, and expenses as. aforesaid.

Any order made by the Local Government Board in pursuance of this section may be made a rule of Her Majesty's. fpgh Court of Justice in Ireland; and be enforced accordingly.

8. A Provisional Order or the LocalGoVernmentBoard for eon-firming an improvement scheme under this Act shad become absolute, and shall take effect, Without any Act Of Parliament confirming the. sajmei>M cage

(aj the order'does hot ahthorise the purchase dr, taking of any land' otherwise than by agreement; hnd

Vift a petition against the order,1 Signed by not less "than three ratepayers liable to pay rates in respect of property sitt}

[ within the area declared by such Order to be chargeable, is not

1 ‘ lodged with the Local Government Board within' sdch'rtime. n6t less than one month after the making and publication of "the Provisional Order, ae the Local Gdverhment Board may lfrom time to1 time by reghlatiofi of escribe.

9. Where any Bill for confirming 'k Provisional Gpder authorising an improvement scheme is referred to a Committee of either Bfouse

, 1883.

m

\LgJbourev8 (Ireland) Act, 1833, Ch. 60.

ofi Parliament upon the petition of any person opposing such Bill, the Ctapmittee shall take into consideration the circumstances ubde?

rtilbh such opposition was made to the Bill, and whether, .such opposition was or was not justified by such circumstances, and shall Award costs accordingly to be. paid by the promoters .or the opponents of the Bill as the Committee may think just.

' Any costs under this section may be taxed and recovered in the I iiiknnef ,in which costs may be taxed and recovered under the Act of 28 & 29 Vict. the^ssion of the twenty-eighth and .twenty-ninth years of the reign c' ' of Hqr present Majesty, chapter twenty-sevep.

the deqsipn of the majority of the membprs of the (Committee for the time being present and voting on any, question under this Section shall be deemed to be the decision of the Committee.

10. , Where a representation is, made to the sanitary authority Inquiry on With a view to their passing a resolution in favour of an improve- tar'^tocrity" njient, scheme, and they fail ,to pass any resolution , in relation,to such to make an | fepresenfation, or pass a resolution, to the effect that they will not improvement proceed withj^uch scheme, such sanitary authority shall as soon as "eIieme‘ possible send a, copy, of the representation, accompanied by their reasons^for not acting upon it, to the Local Government Board, and upon thp Receipt thereof the, Local Government Board, may, if they think it necessary, direct a local inquiry to heheld,aqd a report to be mMeto them with respect to the.correctness.of the,reppes^pta-tjon i^de to ' the sanitary authority, and any matters c^onected toereWim oi^.which the Local Government Board may desire to be hi^fmed.

£1$^.afiy'^e m. which ,an made Power to sani-

weflsemon $frtW Laborers, Cottles and, Allotmepte ta*y unthority

1882, undfar. section^nine|een ^of jh.e Lf|nd, Baw order under (Ireland), Actj 1881, for, providing accomnpiodation for ^hedabojurers section of employed pn any holding, qad jspeh order has not been complied X*bo»wrs Mtm^m'Sijgmonths after the date!of ^u<$ifhe <MyAf the sanitaryauthority of the district ip. which my»h Knjding (Ireland) Act, is situate do mak e such complaint as mentioned in, and to put in 1882* rorct,' the provisions 'of section four of the Labourers C^ottages and Allotments (Ireland) Act, 1882. v

'c.'Eixe<MtiOnbfr^h&fne by'Lo6dl'1

Act authorising . any improvem§pt scqeihe of a sanitary .authority (djinder 'this. Act has been, passed byPaiiiamehi^ it shafl ,be.;the .duty of jfep

for p^chasing the l^ds required for the scheme, and otherwisefor carrying the.i^egae^ execution, as. . aspracticable. y Tjiey

may sell or let alb or aqy,part ,bf such lap^s to any purchasers or lessees for, the purpose^ jand under the;poh&tion. that such, purchasers or'lessees will, as respects th,e land, so purchased jhy.Qi^gused tdl them, harry the schemef. jpho| execution, dbd lb snali hageidinany grant pn^bsaae j^yjjpons

binHirjcr ‘the grantee, or in the grant or

lease .^escribed!; Add to maidfo-ip apd repair, the holdings, and^pre-scribing ‘the 'maximum rents jo he, .therefor, apd prohibiting

the division ofrbu.i].dings, .and Audition to op (alteration of the diameter of^buil^ingey without the, Qonsprit of the sanitary authority

Execution of schema by sanitary .....

authority. ...

414 Os. 60. laibmrm (Ireland) Act, 188a, 46 & 47. Vict,

and of the Local Government Board, and for the revesting of (the land in the sanitary authority, or-their, re-entry thereon on breach of any provision in the grant or lease, and also that there shall be allotted to each dwelling so to.be erected by such grantee or i,lessee a, plot of ground not exceeding half a statute , acre.

Provided that in any grant orplease of any part of the section to-which the scheme applies the. sanitary authority, subject, to, the. approval of the Local Government Board, shall impose suitable conditions and restrictions as to the elevation, size, and design of the dwellings and the extent of the accommodation, to be .afforded thereby, and shall make due; provision for the .maintenance of proper sanitary arrangements.

The sanitary authority may, where they think it expedient s<?;tp do, without themselves acquiring the land, or after or subject, to their acquiring any part - thereof, contract with the person entitled to the first estate of . freehold imany land comprised in an improvement scheme for the1 carrying out of the scheme, in respect <of. such land by such^person.

Conditions of 13, jit-shah not. he lawful;for the sanitaryiauthority to makeia lettings. letting (save as expressly provided) by this i Aht); of any tenement erectod.'pr acquired- under this Act,',pn.#ujy. PW* person other than an agricultural labourer.-

1 It shall not be lawful for the- sanitary authority to permbQfuy such tenement or part thereof to be held ;by uny person jptbor jihp. an agricultural labourer ns occupier thereof. . g It shall not .be lawful foxjbhe sanitary authority to make a letting of any such tenement to an-agrieultural labourer fqr a longer, term than from month to. month.

It. shall be the duty of the sanitary authority to make lettiggs.of the tenements erected or- acquired by them under. this Act tgppn -such teimis and conditions that tho4enancieS(Clfeated by (suri1!

23 & 24 Vict. shall be nattier' tenancies .within;/the, meaning j of the Lancnpjjd and c. 154. s. 31. Tenant Law Amendment Act ((Ireland),-1860, save on^ ttlartodra rents reserved an ,suehilettings-may* exceed rim limits pjce^firibgd by the eighty-first Section of that Act; and tenancies cre^ted-hX a sanitary, authority under tMsiAct ,shaB.mo,t; be excluded feom the. provisions, of the Landlord, and Tenant, Law Amendment Apt (Ireland.), 1 §fiO,Which relate tovCOttier, .tenancieshy reason; opjy that the rents-reserted .exceed-surii limits.

In every such letting the sanitary authority_sha]l, insert p, condition binding, the tenant lilot .te^-assign, 1 ©Efl Sub-defe or jsub'4ivide,> ni' part with; the possession of ithel tenement on i§§|£j part (thereof or make anylettfeig..in<^ any partiofnsuchrprqmises to

be occupied by a lodger; and , it shall be the duty of the sanitary authority, in$aee. any ^breach ofj-such condirionjogcuirs, to take all such -proceedings as may-hemto^sary for the pufpose^ tormihating the tenancy, oft such tenant and ©f/recoymang tho.vpogsesriont-j of the tenement,

»: The conditions in this section contained shall apply and extend to the assignees or lessees of the sanitary authority .dpi respect of any purchased lands sold <or let under the next preceding section. -1 te BhaUije Q house situate mi any land/acquired by atsanitary

pulled down, authority under this Act, and occupied by 'an agricultural labourer

415

1883. Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883. Oh. 00.

is unfit for human habitation, the sanitary authority shall, after making provision under this Act for the accommodation of such labourer, pull down such house, or apply it for some purpose other than as a dwelling-house.

15. If within two years after the confirmation of any Provisional g^eme'on ° Order under' this Act the sanitary authority have failed to make failure by sani-atiUngements for the erection of labourers dwellings, the said land teI7 authority, shall, in case the person from whom the same was acquired, his heirs 'Or 'assigns, so requires, be reconveyed to him or them, in a condition ait least as suitable for agricultural or grazing purposes as it W&s when it was originally taken possession of, at the price paid for the same by the sanitary authority,- or if such person, his heirs 01" assigns, omits, after one month's notice, to signify his or their'intention to repurchase on such terms, then the Local Government"'Board1 may order the said land to be' sold by public auction or public tender, with full power ho fix a reserve price, subject to they conditions imposed by the scheme, and to any modifications thereof which may be made in pursuance of this Act, and to a epecial condition on the* part of the purchaser to erect Upon tho said khd labourers dwellings in accordance with plans to be approved hyhhe'safiit&ry authority,' and subject to such other reservations'and regulations as the Local Government Board may- deem necessary.

I 16; Any sanitary authority may for the purposes and subject to Power to the provisions of this Act purchase or take on lease, sell, or exchange Purcha6e lands-any lands within their district, and may for the like purposes, or fer the proper drainage or sanitary requirements of the labourers dwellings'1 within their district; ^purchase, either within or without their district, any land covered with water, or any water not needed for" the use of the inhabitants' of the district in which it may be found, of right to take Or convey water. And for the purposes Ofhuch purchase the Lands Clauses Acts'shall be incorporated with this Act1;''provided that the sanitary authority shall not purchase Or take any lands Otherwise than'by agreement' except under the authority of a Provisional Order confirmed by Parliament in accordance with this Act. t

"Id the-case1 Of any purchase of lands'otherwise than by agree-foent^sUeh1purchase1 and the provisions of the Provisional 'Order relating thereto shall, at the option1 of the bwner of the " lands, estate, orc interest proposed to be purchased, be' at an end in the fobOwifig events':' — .

"(W.y Id'Oases in which the owner1 of the lands, estate, or interest shall havObeCOme entitled to a certificate under the fourteenth " section of the Railways? (Ireland) Act; 1851, if the purchase - money'is -deinfanded by such owner, and remains unpaid fer a 1 period of thirty days'or upwards after such demand:

(b.) In eases falling within tho eighteenth or nineteenth sections; : of the Railways (Ireland)'Act, 1851, if the sanitary authority make default for w period of thirty days or upwards in deal-' ' ing with the purchase money as1 provided by those sections ' respectively : ,KJi ? j

Provided that the 'election of the owner of the lands, estate, or interest to declare such purohase'to be at an end shall be notified by him in writing to the sanitary authority within a period not

Ch. 60.

II&k#4<?4 1880a 46 & 47 yj$j,

expendingthirty,days after th© expiration of the time limited fby thisiseetio^ within, whifih^t|aa purchase: money should be.paidror; otherwise dealt with as, aforesaid.,

Any. lands acquired chy a sanitary-authority in pursuanceMany powers in this Act contained^ and not required for the purposes i5 v Ur & which'where'!. otherwise, v expressly provided by this Act* in case the person from whom such lands,were acquired, his heirs or assigns, so.requires, be reconv^ed, to him OEithem, in a condition at' least ;as feuitable for agricultural; on grazing purposes as it was when it was Originally taken^possesl-, siomof, at the price paid*jfcmsnclnlands by. dheisamtaryauil^o^jj^ or if such person, his .heirs i .or - assigns* omits^.after one.'month's.

«j terms, shall (imless the Local Government -Bqard, oth^wi^ dijrep^) be sold at the best‘price , that can be gotten for th,e. same, and, fl)£ proceeds..of such sale, and .also tha. proceeds, of; any, other, s^le.of lands acquired hya sanitary .authority, under this Act, and any paid to a sanitary authority on account of any lettipgf of any su^ lands, .shall be applied..towards the rdischarge of, any principal moneys, which have been borrowed by sufeh authority bn :tha-security of the fund or rate applicable jay them for the geheral pur-1 a poses of this Act, or, if no-such principal moneys are outstai^i^ngjj Expenses of shall becarried to theaecount ofauch fundor rate. c^hgAct 17. The expenses incui'redby a saniiary authority hr^xeSmion into execution, of this Act shall be'special expenses within we' meaning M'rqn, 41 * 42 vict- Five of the Public Health /InelandJ. Act, Slggy

A-sanitary authority .shallMy£^theraamh power ofborrOWiqg bn the credit of the rates ou£ ,of which special expenses are nriyawe under this Act as they have under the Public Health Act, 18^8; for sanitary purposes, adcf shall have the Same* bo Web of mortgaging any property abqujted Jiy;'them', under this Act as have of mortgaging land to.which'section i'tw8 hundred-arLd thirty-nine of the Public Health (Ireland) Act; applies.

The following sections ,off the JPuhlic Health (Ireland) Act* lm shall be incorporated with thiS;Act; J(that is tb say), V

Section two ^hundred and thirty-eight; as to regulation con?j cerning the exercisq of borrowing powers ^Axcbpt Jsub-sec of that section:

Section two hundred, apd forty, as to form, of mortgiigps Section, two hundred and forty-ope, as to register^ m mortgages: Section two hundred and, forty^two, fa to-transfer of mortgages: Section to the ^pbi^tment of a

' ' ' recmvferi:1'

Section two hundred and' forty-Seven, as to the borrowing powers of joint boards. J r

Provided always that nb rath oP^rates to be/levied for the'pur-, . poses uf this Act'shall in any One - year exceed ihv-tffe ! whblbcbhe shilling in the pound upon the rateable value of the propert/yfo be Advance of rated.

money for pur- 18* The Treasury may authorise the; Board of Works to advance poses of Act. from time to; time, Out of any moneys in theirs 'hands, to 'sanitary authorities, such sums as the Treasury think -expedient fore the purposes of this Act.

417

\Lab6urers (Ireland?) Act, 1883* Ck. 60.

/Advances made by the Board of Works to a sanitary authority in jiursuance of this section shall be repayable within such periods and at such rate of interest as are'set forth m a Minute of the Treasury, made on the sixteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, with reference to loans to which section | two of the Public Works Loans Act, 1879, applies, or as the Treasury 42 & 43 Vict. ihay from time to time fix in pursuance of that section, and, save c* 77-ab regards such periods and rate of interest, the enactments relating tb ' loans made by the Board of Works under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878,'shall, so far as is consistent with this section, apply in like manner as if an advance under this section were a load made in pursuance of those enactments.

19. The Accounts of a rural sanitary authority, acting in execution Audit of Cf this Act, shall be audited in the same manner, and with the same accoun powers in the officers auditing the same, and subject to the same pitoyMens as the accounts of that authority in its character of sanitary authority are for the time being reqtiired to be audited amkding to law.

.and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, Extension of 18(5, as amended by any Act or Acts, shall extend to all urban 38 &39 viet-ssjjilfe,ry districts in Ireland containing, according to the last certain ptlDlisned census, a population of twelve thousand and upwards; towns, and talso to any other urban sanitary district in Ireland to which the ideal Government Board may by Provisional Order declare that the said Act shall extend.

Such Provisional Order may be made by the Local Government Bo^rd in the manner in which Provisional Orders axe made by them tmder/the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

1 No such'Provisional Order shall be made except upon the petition of the urban sanitary authority, of such sanitary district, nor, in the event of. any objection being taken to such petition, until after a local inquiry with respect to such petition has been held . % the L^'calGovernment Board. r

21. In this Act, if nqt inepnpisient with tip context, the following interpretation terns have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to ofterms. them; (|thaCi^to. say,) '

Government Board " means me Local Government Board for Ireland:

"Land^ GI^Uses Acts" means ahid includes the Lands Clauses 8 & 9 Vict. Consolidation, Act, 1845, as the same is amended by, the Lands c-18-

Acts Amendment Act, 1860; the Hail- v,ct* ways Act (Ireland), 1851; the Railways Act (Irekmd),JL8dQ;i* & is Vict the Railways Act (Ireland), 1864 and the, Rahway Traverse c- 70*

i0(m,r; l\V4Tiet'

.[^Treasury " meansthe Commissioners of .Her -Majesty's Treasury: 27 & as Vict )n(Boaxd of Wjorks '(means the,- Commissioners of Public Works in j°‘4 &‘I5 vict>

j.j r|relan.d: ..;,+ % & . jlfjfigfo er‘e«linj^>*70.

The term " Agricultural Labourer " means a person who habitually ‘mi.works .fbi* .hii*6 hr agricultural work; upon the kind df s®tre /: .other person, and whose principal-means ofliving' is such'hire; iiijand includes a herdsman. The term does ndt'mdude» any person who is not paid for his labour by wages,

-

Ch. 60, 61. Labourer* (Ireland) Act,. 1883. 46 & 47 Vjgt..

22. This Act shall,cqntmue iga force,for five,years after the passing thereof, and until the end of the session of Parliament next ensuing.

Provided that the expiration of this Act shall noi , affect or prejudice anything that .shrill have been done, or any right, title, or security that shall have been previously, acquired under this Act; and that the powers of every sanitary authority to carry into operation every scheme that shall have become absolute before such expiration, and all powers of rating and other powers'and authorities conferred on them by this Act in relation thereto, shall continue to be in full force and effect as if this Actfhad hot expired.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act for amending the Law relating to Agricultural Holdings in England. *>. ;'£25th August 1383.'|<

BE it enacted by the -Queen's tidost ExCfellent Majesty; by tcnd' with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in> this present Parliament assembled, 'and 'by the authority of the'same, as follows:

mI PART I. pH|Pp| ijd. io IMPROVEMENTS.

General right 1. Sebjecbas dn' this Act mentioned,-whefrer a' tenant1 has made compensation. on his holding any improvement eomprised in the ‘First Schedule hereto, ho shall, on and1 after the( commencement of this Act, "be il ^nti^dj^TOitting his holding at the determination of a tenancy y| obtain from the lancLTord as compensation under this Act for stich * improvement such aum as fairly > represents the value of the improvement to an incoming .tenant ;f Provided always, that in' estimating the value; q£ axiyimprovement in the; First'Schedule hereto, there1 shallmokbe taken intoaccount as part of the improved ment made by the tbnant what is -justly 'due to themipherent capabifitiesiafithe soil. ... '

htfotei tfoel Go^mew>ement of Apjt.

Restriction as 2. Oompensation'under this Act shall not be' payable in respect to of'improvements executed- "before the^cbtUMencement? of this Act,

A^. e re -wife'^as^tiuiis-^O^rfe, tlwi&'-i- * " I

. i('L)-Where a tenant haawithill ten;years before^thte^ornmence-ment of this Act made an improvement mentioned in the fthir d part of the 'First SchedMe hereto; and he is not. entitled -under 38 & 39 vict. any contract,-orv custom,' or" under- £he-Agricultural Holdings c. 92. ' (England) Act, v^Kcoinpehsation in 'respect/of such

improvement; or 1 (2.) Where a tenant ha§ executed an ib^rovement haentioned in the first or second part of the - sdid First Schedule within ten years previous to the ^mmenCerfrent of this^ct^and he is not entitled under any contract, or custom, or under the

418

Daration of Act.

419

pith ' Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. Cff. 61.

;if Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1875, to compensation in respect of such improvement, and the landlord within one r ' year after the commencement of this Act declares in writing his, consent to the making of such improvement, then such tenant on quitting his holding at the determination of a !>y: tenancy after the commencement of this Act may claim com-- . pensation under this Act in respect of such improvement in , ' the jBame manner as if this Act had been in force at the time of ,Jthe execution of such improvement.

As tof Improvements executed after the Commencement of Act.

3. tCompensation under this Act shall not be payable in respect Consent of

of any improvement mentioned in the, first part of the First improvements Schedule hereto, and executed after the commencement of this Act, First Schedule, uMfess the landlord, or his agent duly authorised ifi'that behalf, has, Part I-previously terthe execution of the improvement and after the passing of -this Act, consented in writing to the making of such improvement, and any such consent may be given by the landlord unconditionally, or upon such terms as to compensation, or otherwise, as may be. agreed upon between the landlord and the tenant, and' in the event of any agreement being made between the landlord and the tenant, any compensation payable thereunder shall be deemed to be substituted for compensation under this Act.

4. Compensation under this Ant shall Act be payable in respect Notice to land-of any improvement mentioned in the second part of the ' First lorrd Schedule hereto, and "executed after the commencement of this Act, iHrst Schedule, unless- the tenant has, not more than three months and not less Part r*-than two months before beginning to execute such improvement,

guren- to thei landlord, or his agent duly authorised in that behalf, notice in writing of his intention so to do* and of the manner in which he proposes to do- the intended work, and upon such notice being -'given* the landlord and tenant may agree on I the*, terms as to compensation or ' otherwise om whdeh- the improvement is- to be executed, and in the revent of any such agreement being made,1 any compensation payable thereunder shall be, deemed to -be substituted for compensation under this Act, or the landlord may, unless the notice of the tenant is previously withdrawn, undertake to execute the improvement himself, and may execute the same m any reasonable-and proper manner which he' thinks fit/aSud charge the tehant with a-sum not- exceeding five-'pounds-per centum per annum On the outlay incurred in executing the improvement, or not exceeding such- annual sum payable for a period of twenty-five years as will repay such -outlay in the said period, with interest at the rate fdf tteee per centum-per annum, -such annual sum to be recoverable as rent. In default of any such agreement or undertaking, and also in the event of the landlord failing to comply-with his undertaking within a-reasonable time, the ^tenant may execute-the improvement himself, and shall in respect thereof be entitled to compensation under this Act.

The landlord and tenant may, if they» think fit, dispense with any notice under this section, and come to an agreement in a lease or otherwise between themselves in the same manner and of the same validity as if such notice had been given.

IMd 2

420 ‘d&r&l i'883: 46 & wwf,r

Reservation as 5. Where, in the casOofat^aiicy underacontract of te&tncy fatmrecon of this Act, any agreement1 It

tracts ofD' Agrn^ijl Holdings (England) JAU,

tenancy. l^f^Kp|^aP|Kp cb&^tiSationforJ any im^roVementJic(M-prised in the First Schedule hereto, compensation in fes^tt of such improvement, although exeedtba nfter the commencement of this Adt, shall bef p&yldhlfe inrpursiuan6e of ^uOh agi^eenientj Custom' or \&dfc of Parliament, and shall Bnfd§6indd! tb feej nhhsititutdd' for compensation uhdfertids Adt. '

'Where id the! ‘ cdise:' Of k‘+ten^hd^' under' a Contract of -teh&ney beginning after the' bohtfehcemenf M this' ‘ Act,'-; atty' particular; agreement in Writing ‘bebtirbS 'fyd' the tenant fbffahy improVeMfft ffiefftioSied iff" 1M thaTd part of the3 First Schedule' ' hereto executed-after the commencement of this Act, Mnnnd 'reaSChfehte ^doihpfeneS-tioldf^ha\ufijg'' regard' -fo' i'fche‘ )cireiimsthnces ekMing&t^the tinie df iahking Stifch1 n^reehienh,'then' in Stiebbasd' ;tfee compehisa-.tion in respect of such improvement shall be payable in purStfiftfbe bP thb'p&ftichlar&gr^ be substituted

; i/irVc for cohipeiyalion'unddr^MsfAct.':;

t The last preceding ^provision of this section relating to a psfr-ticifltn ag^ement Shall' apply1'in1 thebjaaeofa tenancy under a contract of, tenancy current at the commencement -thikActCih

iffspebt ofan'difipi^ineht7niehtibnndfin* thh third pairt Of: the -First -iDBw i'ibf Schedule hereto,1'spdci^'COWpeneatibn-fdr ^Meli' i^nOt'prdtdaM «i«w any5 agreement in writing, tyaJSIsdih)' brJ'^Ke: Agiiculiural

Holdings Act, 1875.

to Y .^i<^gulatwns In^ovejmetotte.'i'j

Regulations as 'Of Hie aMOUnt! of1tfe boM^Ohsation

sationfor* under'iti'^'itepdet,-bf1L^nyfMbrove-improvements. ‘tfSfiit there hball be't&Kefiihtd acbOuht M^due^iri' theteof: i 0

(a.) Any henefit #l^h'rthe litodlord! bas)^v^ior-‘nilty#edJto the by f 1 tbhtat ‘ iff bonsideraHon1 of1 Jthd ^ehafft1 Oxebiitin'g' the 'Hnprove-nfent:;J and1

rfII^fe^M‘th'Ktea^f -'Of! (kiiip^fffeatfon 'fdr 1mfanffrei*i^thfe1Valj^y of the manure that would have beeff-pfOdhedd^by'tbd' fconTOniption 1 on the'holding of''any hay Btr'aWj rOofe-or' gdOeff Cr<ff«i sold off or removed from the holding! ^iJhffr'ffiO;lady t^ years^Of the ' tehandy 'brl;Other less tffd'e'for ‘4bient^§^«^affdy nas :endn!red,

; except aS: fat as a proper bdturn ofvM&ffUre-to1 the iHolding has *'been made in respectof;'such producen§ SOld3 off or'rdnovcd thdrefifOni1; and auttw

(c.)r Any sums dttS'to the ltodlord^ltt']reSpb^idF£rfelit Offlff iespect of any waste ^c^ciiiafH'66H>* <Br in

respdct bf con-

; nected with the .contract ofi( tenaff cy edi4niifte9^by jtl®] tenant, aife‘6' any taxes, rateS,f4and-' tithe* rMtdh^rge dttOJl3r bectiimng,; due in reSpefc^of*-thfer%oldMgltO!Which't^,teffabt?tiSjMble as X3*bfetWeeir hfln and%Mcl&idlond.M - J'l; bi 1

11!? ^ere%hallbeJtakenvtiftObcCtffuit tfl ratigtifentMdnbFthej tenant's ‘ddmj^satioff — r (u^Any isurffdlie'5to:the M4ht'!for roi&pB^ticfftin beSpect of a breach of covenant or other agreement cdhffebted'%ith a contract of tenancy and committed by the landlord.

421

18£$.--i^gitigyUaral Holdingit (England) i&83, * Gh.(61.

Nothing in t^is section shall enable a landlord to obtain under Act^cpjnpensation; in respect of waste by the tenant or of breach by .,th® tenant , committed or permitted in relation to a matter of husbandry more than four years before, the determination

Pmcedwt.

. 7,. A tenant, claiming. compensation under this Act shall, two Notice of I jpoaths at least before the determination of the tenancy, give^notice intended claim in writing to the landlord of his intention ^to make such claim. ,; . r.y^here a tenant gives, such notice, .the landlord may, before/the ft Elimination, of the tenancy, or within fourteen days thereafter,// give a counter-notice in writinofiltt^g'l^Tns^fnt&tion^Co: / ip^ake.a dadm in, respect of any waste or any breach of covenants or other agreement. . / . . j., tmoonofitmoo odt left?, boiiio9zo *

Every such notice and- counter-notice shall state, as far as reasonably may be, the particulars and, amount of the intended

(Eim.

$,f The landlord and; the tenant may agree on. the amount-and Compensation mode and time of payment of compensation to be paid under this

Act 3 noif)9991Q jwf <\<T reference.

i, If in any case they da not so agree the difference shall be settled ^rpference.: - - tim-trio yonac

9. .Where .the^e, :is a reference funder T this Act, a referee, or.two Appointment referees and an umpire, shall be appointed as follows- s ,...of referee or .; feTihM&tb® parties concur,. thEe may be a single referee appointed (Lphe!*"4 by them jointly:

(2.) If before award the single referee dies or becomes incapable of/acting, or fori seven- days after notice from tile parties, or fioj.jiidther: §f them, reKjuiring him "to act, fells tp.actrthe-pro<^ed--ovoxfifl# shall,afresh, as if no referee had been .appointed (3j) If the" parties do not -concur, in the appointment of a single <>rfo rhjrpfecee/ each of/them, shall appoint a referee ., f v

-'//(.4.) fIf -bBfore. award one of twioreferees. dies or.-becomes incapable of acting, or for seven days after notice frqmr; either.party ilj party ^appointing ihim

fK,(, shall appoint another referee :, &r,

di i^hah-be^iyeh to the .other party :* '

-(fb^.If; for(fo«mrteen, days r after, notice by one. party to, the other -fuf ^.ftq appcimt a refeyee/ior another referee, the other .party fails -to. d.0 so, then, on the, . application . of, the ? party giving notice, the county court shall within fourteen days appoint $ com-- petent and impartial persorv.tp.be a^eferees- kltrttm '1 $) Whet® two referees, are .appointed, then (subject- tp the pro-e<>) visions of this Act) they shall before they enter on tiiexeference tf«iv.appoint,an umpire:

?H before award ran, umpire dies,.or becomes incapable of >' >i acting, .the referees., shall ,appoint .another umpire : ,

(9.) If for seven days after request from; either party, the referees 11 fail j to > appoint an umpire, or another. umpire, then,. on the application of dither party, the county court shall within four-t-> teen days appoipt, a competent and impartial person to be i E the umpire.

422 Ch. 61. Agm&dtural Boldmgs (England) Ad, 46 & 47^sct.

/ ' (Kk^Hvery appointment, notice, and request under this section shall be in writing.

Requisition for 10..iBrovided that) where two referees are appointed/ an umpire appointment of may be appointed, as follows1:1

LandCom fN)1 If©ither party,onappointing a referee,1 requires, by notice fifi missioners, &c. writing to the other, that! the Umpire-shall, be appointed by the Land .Commissioners for England, then the umpire, fend any successor;>tor.him, shall be appointed, on the applicationiof , either party,1 by those commissioners.

- In every'other cfcse, if: either party on appointing t a referee requires, by notice in writing to the other, that the umpire, /shall be appointed by the county court, then, unless (the bther i party dissents by notice in writing therefrom, the umpire) and any successor to him, shall on the i application of; eitbeorparty . be-so appointed, and in i caset of such', dissent the umpire, and ft any successor to him) shall be/appointed, on the application;of a . either party, by the: Land Commissioners for .England.

11. The powers of the county court under this Act relative totthe appointment of a* referee > or umpire shadl 'be exarciseable by the judge of the court having /jurisdiction, whether he fefwithoutoiir within his district, and may,.byconsent of the parties, beiExercised by theregistrar of-, the court,

, 12. The delivery:to a referee;.of-his: appointment 'shall beideeihed a submission to a reference by the party deMvering it; and neither party shall haye power to revoke ^submission) orcthe1 appbinthient of a referee, without the consent of the others i

13. The referee of r^ereesjoroimpire may call for the piMpG^ion require ^oduc- sample, or voucher, or other document,:nr nthero^evidence

tion of docu- -which is An the possession oor .power ;.af feither./party,: or /which . ments.adminis- either/party cau'-prodsice/aiifd' which to'theorpferee :or referees or *er oaths, &o. seems necessary for determination pfi^heiimattefcs referred,

and may take the1 /examination 'ofitbe parties»and witnesses on oath-, and may administer oaths and fake/affirmations^ andiif any -person;., so sworn or/affirmircg wilfully and corruptly igikest) false /evidence<he-shall be;guilty of perjury.

Power to pro- The) referee; or . referees' :orj : ?uinpire' may 1 proceed j in ;the

<»ed m absence, * I of, either party where the; same .appears 1 tq himeoBqtheia

expedient, after I notice given: to the parties. \ I fj.5.1 The <award shalt be/ in writing, signed by the referee i«r referees-or umpire/

' 16* ^singledTeifereef:! shall' nmkejhisT award ready^'fonj'delifery within twenty-eight days: after hiacfippoantment.

-Tworeferees shall* make theirl .award /ready £oir<deliveryjWithin twentyeight days after the- appointment of the'last ?/appointed of them, or within suqh eXtmdeddtime (if any)/as theyfromftime.to time jointly fix by writing under their hands, so that they, make their'award readyAdridefr^ry within a time not exceeding inf^she whole forty-nine days after the;appoihtanent of rithedastraippointed of them.

17. In any case i provided for by- sections three) dour-/ dr five, if

compensation as

under as. 3,4, rmder any of those: sections is /to he deemed to be substituted for and 5. compensation under this Act, if and so far as the same can eon-

Exercise of powers of,., j county court-

Mode of submission to reference.

Power for

Form of award,

Time for award 6f referee or referees.

Award in respect of

423

1383.= ‘ Ag^mdtural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. Oh,*61.

sistently with - the terms of the agreement, if any, be ascertained by the referees or the umpire, shall be awarded in respect of any ^improvements: thereby provided for,-and th© award shall, When necessary, distinguish such improvements and. the amount awarded in respect thereof; and an award given under this section shall be subject to'the appeal provided by this AcM

Where'two referees are appointed and act, if 'they fail to Reference to :make j their award ready* for delivery within - the -time aforesaid, and award by then, on the expiration of that time/ their authority shall' cease, and umpire' thereupon the > matters referred)'to them shall stand referred to the umpire.

s'.>'(The' umpire shall'make his'award ready for delivery within ,twenty«eight days after notice i in writing igiVem to him by either party sor ^referee of the reference) tdi him, or within such extended time '(if any) as the registrar of the county court from time to time 'appoints, on the application of the umpire or of either party, made before th©)-. expiration of the time appointed by or extended under this1 section.

1 19. The award shall not award a sum generally forcompensa- Award to give tion^bbt shall, so far as possibly speei^y-^rv^it nc P 81*'

The several improvements, 'acts, and things in respect |;^ whereof compensation is awarded, )and the several matters and jKtfWofhmgs taken1 into' account under the provisions of this Act in Wd reduction oriaugmentation of Such compensation £ors

(t.) The time at which ' each improvement/* act; or thing, was executed, done, committed,'or permitted 5 ttf <b»([W}hThe -stim awarded in: respect of leach improvement^; feet,

'janobmatteiv and thing 9 and

Where^e' landlord 1 desiresuto. 'charge nhia estate withhthe to .is amount<of compensation found due to the ftenaat, the>itime"at iw.; which/! for* the- purposes! of: such Charge, each improvement, act, je f or thing bar respectof Which compensation & awarded;is torfee /iW stdeemed -top be; exhausted: fei

' 20. The-'Costs of and attending' theuefereime^ineludiBgithere- Costsof. muneration of the referee or referees and umpire, where the uihpire reference, has been ac quired' to ;aet, and inducting' other proper expenSesi*Shall fee' home and paid ibyithe parties* In such, proportion;asio the referee oivrdierees or umpire appears', just; regard; being had to the feason-ablemss or idnreasonableness of< the.daim of.either party ;in respect; of amount, erf Otherwise, and to all the circumstances of the case'.

*;* »The!award may direct, the payment of- the whole or. any part of the oosts-aforesaid by thenone-party to-the*other..;

CisfThe costs' aforesaid shall the subjedt to taxation by* the registrar fO$the 1 .county court,' on the application iof either, party, biatrthat taxation <shall be subject to review...by 'the 'judge; of the county court.

21. The award' shall* fix?a;day, -not sooner than one month aft^r Day for paj-

the* delivery of the award, for <the payment of money awarded for ment-codfpefisation,costs, or otherwise.

22. A submission or. award-shall not '-be made a rule of. any Submission not court,'or> be'removable-'by any process' 'into; any court, and an t^ov awards shall mot* be questioned' otherwise than as.provided b)' this Act.

Ch. 61. Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vlot.

Appeal to 23. Where the sum'elaimed for compensation exceedSone ham county court b?ed pOTIHjS) either party may, within seven days after delivefjr of the award, appeal against it to the judge of the county1 obuift on all or any of the following grounds:

- 1. That the award is invalid';

2. That the awardproceedS1 wholly or impart upon 'an imipibpfer *F application of or upon the emission properly io' S^ppl^the; V special provisions of Sections three,5four, or five Of this Act;

3. That compensation has been awarded for improvements/iadts,

or things, breaches of covenants or agreements, pr for:&m-mitting or permitting Waste in respect Of Which the patty claiming was not entitled td Compensation;

4; That Compensation has not been awarded for improvetiitnte, w acts, Or thingsilbreaChes of boVeWantS or' agreements; obfor; committing or! permitting' waste, in; respect of which1 the party claiming Was 'entitled to compensation; 1 and the judge1 shall hear and determine the appeal* and may* in his discretion, remit the case to he reheard as to the WhOlebraiiy part thereof by the refm'ee W i^ferCes Or'jfimpire, with1SuCh Erections as he may think.fit.. ~ ,

If no appeal it so brought1, the award shall he final.

The decision of the- judge of thn County 'courton1 Jfet^aP8hall be final; save that the jndge ihail,-at the regtiest of 'either party, state a special case on a question* of law1 for the judgmenhof3 the ffigh Court of; Justice, and the -deCiSion of the High 'CoU^fc 'on the case, and respecting costs and any other matter cotaneotCd'therb-with, shall be final, and the judge of1 thfe comity- courts shall Set thereon/-

Recovery of , 24. Where any foohey Agreed.Or awarded or ordered Oil'appeal

compensation. paii5|- for tioshs. Or Otherwise,1 iA not1paiid1WiljMn

fourteen days after - tihte time when it 'is1 agreed Orj aW&rded or ordered to be paid, it order made by the

judge of the county court, as money ordered by a cottiity' c&ilrt under its ordinal jurisdiction to* bt ^aid' fe reCoverabre. ‘ ' of^MdLanDt 25/ Where a landlord1 or tenant; is aii infant without a: guardian,

or- is of ^Unsound mind^ fcfOfcsC- found -by inqmsitaofoj thecOtthby ddurt, on the application of any person interested, may appoint a guardian of the infant orpersott Of imsound-ihShd1; the this

Act/ and ' may change the1 guardian' If tfiid 'aS'bceasien; rapiiret.? 1° Provisions . 26. Where the‘appointment of a'persohf td act as the faekb friehd luarncd118 ofra married Woinafo is regfiiredffor - the r purposes1 of ;itMS^Afit;‘the women. - mayi remote1 br

change thatimxt'frieud'4f%ndas-,dbca^uirei^ires; 1 45 & 46 Vict. ,-jv- A woman married befoi4‘‘i^/06h^eUeeinent 'Of the^MaMfed c. 75. Women's PropeTty Act; ‘1882, - entitled1 fdrjher -separate USe tOf'iahd,

her title to1 which'afeeriied before such'-Ottomen^meUt ;as!fafortsadd» and not restrained from antiCipa^U/‘shall,^'for1 the'purpoSe'S uSiis

ACt,be in»res^€®fiwdbbid as*if ehe%a^'Uihuariied.j j Where any nther woman foairiedJ-beforO' thhJiebffimbhefelnfeift!:of the Married Wofeen?s Property1 Act, 1882, is-'dehirdUS Sfidding any act under1 this- Act - im'respetM/'oi-' l&nd;'her title'-tb Which ‘SCciUbd before siiGh ebrnmericemerit at aforeSaad,' heir1 KusbandV ebnehitSlice shall be requisite, and she shall be examined apart from‘hi ttlby

B_____H... ._______I__________

425

1883., t a 4grtotUtured Moldings (England) Act, 1883. Gs. 61.

thooQUnty court, or by the judge of the county court for the>glace where she for the time being is, touching her knowledge of the nature ajid_ effect of the intended act, and it shall be ascertained that she is acting freely and voluntarily.

27. The costs of proceedings in the county, court under this Act Cost* in

elk# he: m the $seretiQ4 of the court. ,; , f g conntJr court-

.^[jTlle Lord Chancellor may from time to time prescribe; a scale of

eo^a for those proceedings, and of costs to be taxed by the registrar <qi;the.lC$Prt^ . i g

28. Any notice, request, demand, or other instrument under this Service of ^(QJjay be, served on.jthe person to whom it i/s1p be given, either nonce» ®* personally or by leaving it for bun at his last known plaee-of abode

in lBugland, or by pending it through the post in a registered letter addressed to him there \ and if so sent by post it shall be deemed have been served., at the time when the letter containing it would be delivered ordinary courseand in order to pijove, service by shall be sufficient to, prover that the letter was properly addressed and: posted, and that it contained; the notice, request, defliand, or other instrument , to be served.

ChMrge^ of v»

i. 29.: A'landlord, on paying .to the tenant the amount due to him Power for ip^espect <rftccwnpensation under -this Act, or in respect of eompen- lan<?iord 011 sation authorised;hytithis.Act:'to. be substituted, for.: compensation pensatL^to" .jmder this Act, pr on- expending such amount as may. be necessary obtain charge.

an: improvement, under the second part of the First j^hcdule -hereto^.,ftfter nqtice given by the tenant of hip hatehtion to execute such improvement in accordance with this Act, shall he -mjtped tq ,obtain from the county court a charge op: the holding, or 1 parfe th;ereof,; to thejpmpunt c£the;$uBftso paid or expended, to ^eiC9Uit> shall, pn; proof, of the payment or expenditure, and on ,hemg sa^sfied of the, observance., in gpod faith by the parties of the j-ceudhions imposed by ;this Act, make an., order charging the holding, or anyip^rt^therecfj.withM'repayment of j theamount paid or with quch interest,: and, ,by such instalments, and .with i§UCh Sections for.giving,effect to the charge* as the court thinks

r^t>7ffrrg .....

ii;Ii but,wliOf§ l^ndl^rd obitaining the charge isfppt absolute owner of the, folding f^hls own benefit, np instalment or -interest shall mad§f payable after the time whenathe improvement/in gespect ..^hereof.compensation is paid -will, where an award has -been made,

[hootakou, to. have, been-exhfuisted ,accQrding ,tQj the declaration of the award, and in a^y any, such impjctfv-e-

-meut/lwiW^ court, after hearing such evidence

i,(i£any) as it thinks expedient: ha,ye -be-come exhausted! 4 bxi,>Th^iustalmeu,fs^and interest shall be .charged.jih favour of the landlord, his executors, admhdst^atc|rs> and assigns.

The estate or j.in^tLof^Pyi^dlpfd holding for, an estateLor xlutemBt j^t^miouhl© or iiahH -tOf forfeiture by reason, of his creating rftg suffering any, charge thereon shall -not ,bje determined or-forfeited ‘hy reason of ,his obtaining a charge,-uuderi this Afifo any thing, in 3?nyid§ud>- to,fhe>^traiy , thereof notwith-

standing.

£2G Ch. 61. Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883j 46 & 47 Vict.

45 & 46 Vict Capital money arising under the^Setjfcled Land Act, 1882, maybe c-38. applied in payment of any moneys, expended and costs incurred by

a landlord under or in pursuance of this Act in or about the elution of any .improvement mentioned in the . first or second parts of the schedule hereto, as for an improvement authorised by the ]s4i<l Settled Land Act; and such money may also be applied in discharge of any charge created on a holding under or in pursuance of tins Act in respect of any such improvement as aforesaid, as in discharge of an incumbrance authorised by the said Settled Land Act to be discharged out of such capital money, incidence of 30. The sum charged by the order of a county court under this charge. Act shall be a charge on the holding, or the part thereof charged, for the landlord's interest therein, and for all interests therein Subsequent to that of the landlord; bat so that the charge shall not extend beyond the interest of the landlord, his executors, administrators, and assigns, in the tenancy where the-landlord i£ himfe&lf a tenant of the holding.

oninee 31. Where the landlord i3 ia person entitled 46 receive1 the renfe 03860 and profits of any holding as trustee, or in any character otherwise

than for his own benefit, the amount due from such landlord in respect of compensation1 under this Act- 'Or in respect of compensation authorised by this Act to be substituted for compensation under this Act, shall be charged andLrecoverOd as follows and'not otherwise; (that is to say,)

r (1.) The amount so due shall not be recoverable persOMlly against such landlord, nor shall 'he be under any liability to pay such amount, but the- same- shall be -a charge on and recoverable ag&instthe holding ohiy.

(2.) Such landlord shall, either before or after- having paid to the tenant the amount due -to him, be entitled tcM obtain* from / - the'‘county court a charge on the1 holding to1 the amount of

( the sum required to be paid^or which has been paid/as the case - h! !J may be, to the tenant.

£3.) If such landlord neglect or fail within16nd month after the tenant has quitted-MS' holdlhig'to p&ythe-tenantthe amount due to him, then after the expiration of sueli '6h6month the tenant Shall be'entitled1 to 'obtain'from ^hb 'eouhi^uourt in - favour of-himselfhis' executors,'administrators, and assigns, a charge on the 'holding t6 thfe ' amoUnt of the shiht(due to him, > 'and of'all costs lproperly^ineuried :by him in'/obthining the i 1'charge or in-raising the1 aindUnt dub thereunder. '

. (4.) 'The court shall Jon proof-Of the tenant's1 title to have a charge ' ittade ih'his'favour make an order 6haf,ging>the Abiding with t: .payment of "the amountf of-'the charge/including Costs, in like manner1 and form as in case'of ft fchftrge which af landlord is entitled tb obtain1.

Advance made 32. Any company now or hereafter incorporated -by1 Parliament,

y a company. having power to ftdVanee(ineney for the^-ihttjprevenient of land, may take an assignment fof any en^gieiLmftde j 'by ft^ eoUnty eouif under the provisions of this Act, upon such terms and conditions as may beagreed upon between such company aAd the person entitled to such charge; and1 such' company may assign any charge so acquired by them to any person or persons whomsoever.

1883.

427

0 Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. Ch. 61.

Notice to Qu/it.

33. Where a half-year's notice, expiring with a year of tenancy Time of notice js by law necessary and sufficient for determination of a tenancy to quit-fiomyear to year, in the case of any such tenancy under a contract

of , tenancy made either before or after the commencement of this Act, a year's notice so expiring shall by virtue of this Act be necessary and sufficient for the same, unless the landlord and tenant of the holding, by writing under their hands, agree that this section shall not apply, in which case a half year's notice shall continue tO|fbe sufficient; but nothing in this section shall extend ,to a<case where the tenant is adjudged bankrupt, or has filed a petition for a exposition or arrangement with his creditors.

Fixtures.

34, Where after the commencement of this Act a tenant affixes Tenant's

to his holding any engine, machinery, fencing, or other fixture, or fotureaTma-erects any building , for which he is not under this Act or other- chinery, &c. \yise entitled to compensation, and which is not so affixed or erected in pursuance of some obligation in that behalf dr instead of some fixture or building belonging to the. landlord, then such fixture or building s Shall be the property of and be removable by the tenant b^ore or. within a reasonable time after the termination of the tenancy.

r] iJfrpyjLded as, follows : -17;

y j Aii. li^fype the, removal of any fixture or building the tenant shall Lit- .; pay all -rent owing by him, and shall perform or satisfy all other his obligations to the landlord in respect to the W Miur iholding':

i.u/t.12rIn bfie removal of any fixture or building the tenant shall id iritft-r ridot do any avoidable damage tc> any other building or , other, parf of the holding: .

3. Immediately after the removal of any fixture or building v the tenant shall make good all damage occasioned to tn. any . djbher building or other part ofi the holding by the vtff; ilj 0,1/ ,remove-l ?

: 4, The .tenant shall not remove any fixture or building without giving one month's, previous notice in writing to the land-.Mtiti jfeftprd of th© intention ,of the tenant to;remove it: .

5. At any time before the expiration of the notice of removal the landlord, by notice in writing given by him ;to the 'W) , -tenant, may 1 elect tp;$ purchase any fixture or building 111 comprised,. fin the notice. ,of removal, and any fixture or building thus elected to be purchased shall be left by the (Mi U!tepant, and shall become the property of the landlord who shall pay the tenant the fair value thereof to an incoming tenant of the holding; and any difference as tp the value ! j shall be settled by a reference under this Act, as in case of 71, .compensation (but without appeal).

Crown and Duchy Lands. v35. This Act shall extend and apply to land belonging to Her AppUcationof Majesty the Queen, her heirs and successors, in right of the Crown. 0Wn

428

<j£. §1^ Agru^tfv^f |§i| 47Yj,<sl

,.Witk re^pjapt tp.suchJand, for. $he .purposes, of . this Act .the Commlsgiopers of He? Majesty^ Woods,! Forests, and habdlteveimes or onp of them, or other the proper officer or, body having ctykige of such lgnd for the tithe being, or in ' hasp there, is no such ' gwm or body, ihjMi such person as Hier Majesty, her heirs or successes, may appoint in writing under the Royal Sign Manual, shall rebre-sent,Her Majesty, her hetrs.and^ successors' and shall be deeipedto be thg landlord.

Any compensation payable under this Act by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Wodds^Rwests,. and. Land Revenues, or either of them, in, respect, of gg~ upproyemefit paeptionedi in the first or second part of the,JRirst,$ch,e.dule hereto, shall.,be. deen^d to. be payable, ip respect, of, an,. improvement .of-,land .wjt^n^e^pn pne of the. Grown Lands Act, and, the amount th^r^of; .stall, pe charged and repaidaslin .that, section provided ^pefitjmtne costs,. chargee, and expenses^prpm

Any dWfW® r aAtfra by thpse. 0pmmif-

sippprs, cn Pithot of them, hr rjespeptiof^an^ weftj&nw

in thp; third part roi^the .Een^to, shall, ,hp. depigmj.&P

he part o£,theexpenses oLihe Management of, the Land Revenues of thpr Cyprrn, . andi shall, he payable i to,-, those Comnussioners,-QM of such .paoney and In^uch manner as,the htstr^nentioned expenses are by ]ajj» payat)le*r ",. ,.

Application of 33. This Act shall extend andapply to land

Duchy <rfld°f

Lancaster. ,? ,> V. v-; ,

r 1 -o£,

(^ancel^lprt.fiir the time being of the Duchy shall

Majesty,. bgr heirs ^9pe^or^rnnd 'shan.be depmeAtp,n?jrilif

Tandlord. , : i .! .

Thp f$$o]untKpft. Vjiwief; r--A-9bl by

the Chancellor of the Duchy in respect of an imprqypjpept ,^ep-tioned in th^ihffill of J^irst S<d^dple todhisAct

shalljhe .dpemedi to .he an,expense incurred .id, ipiproyement tjf hnjd helpng^ng to. Tier^Majesty^ jpgr heirs. 6yr)sncp^sspfis,' jlel.right, o^fit/ie Duchy, within seg^ipn, fwgaty-aye, of the,AH-;b£(Mnfnniy*'®PiTPMr year of King Georgedhe Third, chapter ninety-seven, and shall he raised and paid a^i(ihwthat LSeetion i^rpyided with^Pi^t to the c,0i.a, ..... rr jexpenspa herein mi^ipr|.^l.f* c ,I0 mai(V7 tk

q , /rhp. ^Qi^t w. any compensation‘payable under this Act by the Chancellor of the Duchy in respect of an .i^proypmegtrps^-

tioned, "®

paid out of the annual retinues of the Dueny, f(

Application of., 37. jIbis,Actshajll pxtep.dr.and applyfAtp, lap,d helpnging torthe DucWof1*1 of Duchy of Cornwall

Cornwall. , With l^d,fo^ Ahe.Dt^rppfjes.^-pi,f£|l|s-Adt,' flttch

' person as the Duke oFCornwalf for the time heipgI- orapthe|?jthe personsgn^or ^bpjj^e heipg entitled ^Q;the Revenues And p«Epes-,sions of % Dfl'chy, of J.pfgm, from-t^etd j'^ahual,

yrarrant, <n^ptheipyise^ ^pointe, sn^U represent MefJEjuk.e ^Cornwall or "other the personage aforesaid, and hevd^d0^ ,he the landlord, and may dp .any,^tct.o^thh^g-.Wrdgr,a(bpd-lord is authorised or reqinred to" dP thereunder.

i2t)

f§§3. . ^Agiwultural Holdings (Eitgland) Act, 1883. Cfl. 61.

compensation payable under this Act by the Duke of'ComT o^npr'.the personage aforesaid, in respectt of an improve-'m^nfedned m the first or second part of the First Schedule to ^icl'shall be deemed to be payable in respect of an improvement B Ifl^p^w^iin section eight of the Duchy of Cornwall Management 26 & 27 Vict. "letJ 1863, and the amount thereof may 4>e advanced and paid c-49 frombhe money mentioned in that section, subject* to the provision therein made for repayment of sums advanced for iUiproveihents.

j Ecclesimticdl andCharntyLavcds.

' 3ArWhefp lands are Assigned or secured as the endowment of a Landlord, ^eflhebd^emi'by this. Act conferred on a landlord shall not be archbishop °r Mi^ifed^ by: the 'archbishop or bishop, in respect of those lands* 18 op‘ cichbfc Vith th<b'previous approval in writing of the Estates Com-imtfee'of ' thd1 EbclesiaStical Commissioners for England.

39. .Where, a landlord is incumbent of an ecclesiastical benefice. Landlord,

fiiSjifiVersfiy this Act cofiferred on a landlordshall noftbe exercised ^fnt of

ib|peet.of the glebe .land or other land belonging to the TOrM^eX^ept With the previous appyoyal in writing of the patron tFli^beTOfi'cl that^ iS/. thU person, ofScer, or authority who, in 'raSe8 tMWfiefice wefe 'yaeaiit, would be . entitled to present thereto, ^itfier^hVerriors "of QUeen Aimers Bounty (that is, the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the J®mten#tce of the Poor Clergy). '

0 hr S^eiy 'Such1 'cash the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty may, if they, think fit, on behalf of the incumbent, out of any money in tn^rUands, pay to the'tenant the amount of compensation due ^rh^Sfer this Act; and thereupon they may, instead of the mbumhent;1 bBtaln from the I county coiirt a charge on the holding, in respect thereof, in favour of .themselves.

V' ‘MlMfli ;lxf-tiffecituali notwithstanding any change

'dfw !. j , ,

40. We"' Wo^yrs b?thisA^ on a landlord in respect Landlord,

shall 'Adi be exercised by trustees for ecclesias- charity

Vith the previous approval in t*4®*8*®* of the Ghhifity Commissioners for England and Wales.

oxfj of ^I^pr&ve^mt^f dbd^MiscellaneCm.

-41., Where on a tenancy from year ‘to' ybar a HoficVtP qultis Resumption of

Mvemby We landlord with>tdd# to the fisO of land for any p^ the Possession for

Mm; >(;f xv‘. cottage

Jj THe^ermidn of 6tr other houses, with Or

. Without gmdens) J

J Threpy<wiaing ofgaraem^br raEi^ta^Tafin labourers cottages Qr1,

/ other houses;

‘ j^eMotiheni for pijbdrbjn Of land fbi* gardens 01* Otbbr pnipbses; yr ,^i6' ^ahtingJbf ot

odbhifiguO'f %dmifiijK. #>df"'_ any coal, ^i^fistbne,. limestone, Or ®°^PStfflP^fiifieVaI,' of 61 a'StOiib ^uatry^dlay, Sand, or'gravel pitj Ur bmstrfi^tioU of SMy , whiks-- b^' wfitiings to be jtsea in, pott-jr memon ffibreVilb ! 7

' 'ld'he bwtkiling of thick ‘ bart^, grayel, br sand;

42 S

Cfg. $L Agrj^ltu^ Holdings (England) Act, ..f$,& 47 Y^cx.

.^Wit^i f&pppb tp.such Jand, for 'tha >;purposes, of this Ach. the iOo^mipsibners of'.Her Majesty's Woods,. Forests, and Land Reyemies, or one o£ themi, or other the proper qmcer or. body having charge of such land for the time being, prin case there is no such officer or body, thiMi.eucii person as Iter Majesty, her heirs or sucpessors. may appoint in/writing under the Royal Sign Manual, shall (repre> sent Hpr Majesty, her heirs and4 sppcessors, and shall be deeipea/tG be tbp landlord.

Any compensation payable under this Act by the Commissions of Her Majesty's.!'Woods,T^orests,yand LandR'pyenues, or either of >them, .ip, rpspectj. of au^iippEpYpn^pr^t ^paentionedi in the first or second part of the. First ,$chpdulp hereto, .shall. be. .dep?nedI ito,.|)P payable, ip respect of an jimprovement rof land within, se^tiop.-pne of,.the, Croyni Hands Act, .1J566, anA thfr ajnoirnt tliprep£ .shah pe charged and repaid as in that, section phoyi^d with,-costs,. charges, and expenses, tjherpin nrentipned.,

; Any compensation, payable, tjndpr.,this vAc.t- by, thpse., pqinip|fc signers, ^rpi^er o^em^ in ijpsppgt, o^ an ip^p^pyement in thp third part of /the First^phedul6-^!^'^ be part of the expenses ofitho ^nnnKe^nont of the Land Revenues of thp pfpwn>. and shall. hp. payame^ia those ,pomnnssionf^,®- 9J^t of .such .pmney and in, ,^neh manner gap lastTmenfioned expqusps are by law peyaoip..-.')aa Application of 33. This Act shall extend and. apply >tq huidM he|pngm

Duchy 0^°* : and(.rDnehyi of

Lancaster. DanOMtW'*./.. r rrf, .;r .fj |G |

« [ | t'VV'ithf yftf

Chancellnr+^r t^ti^e^bein^(,t|ie ^uchy^shall Majesty, Rer .heirs >W*d suppe^Sp^s,;rapd(shall bi3 landlord.

yhe amount oft the ChdnceHor of the "Duchy m respect of an'iu^prpypm^at^ijae]^-tipned in the ;fi£sb Qrf(^ec,9nd,gfH^ oj; thp ^irst St^dwe^ypithk Act shall iheie^ad ) ;tp .be an, e^peiise incurred . in, iinproyement q£ bAlopgipof to .Her ATajeatyr| h^ hpijcs., or successors, in^ ^nt,

Duchy, mthin. section tw;enty-n$e. of£hp rActv..the, year of King Georgecthe Third, chapter ninety-seven, and shall be raised and paid as,.in .that, section vpr$Yided witJ^espp'pt to the to ipcq ..... rr e^epses thprem mfmtipnpd.^ , / a. voa : t

.aniQnnt ,<?£. gfi^coc^ongnfabn payable .under, |^ari^6r/^y the Chancellor of the Duchy in respect of an ,iippr9y^nt An^4f tipped inj.t^ipfthipd pa^tof f.thn)^ir^.,S^iedplev to, paid out of the annual revenues of the Duchy v Application of 3.7.,tT^s Act phall extend", and apply, Mtq,(land .belonging,tpitbe DucV of14 of Duchy of"Cornwall.

Cornwall. ,; r^p^t .tp,5 ,^uphi l^d, ''Pf

person as" the Duke of Cornwall for the i£ni$ * beings .fnep|n^jthe personage.£or t^eitnne heipg.entiHed ^*.t^o.j^eYehnes. -^ci' BR¥es''

. aions. of tjhp Duchy ,of from.tinielip tipae, by; ^igp ' paanual,

yarrant, pr ptheirwise, appoint^ shalh peppe^ent, thft.'D'nk© pljCom-wall or other the personage aforesaid, and ,]^.yJd^ipaM''t9\I» the landlord, and may dp any act or, thing ,nndn^.a.l^ad-lord is authorised or required tp do thcpennden

429

§& ^Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. Cfl. 61.

1,1 ^y compensation payable under this Act by the Duke of Comr watf or'other the personage aforesaid, in respect of an improve-ifl^t°m0ni;i6ned in the first or second part of the First Schedule to Act'stall be deemed to be payable in respect of an improvement | ofl^ wtthin section eight of the Duchy of Cornwall Management 26 & 27 Vict. Act, 1863, and the amount thereof may be advanced, and paid c-49* from the money mentioned in that section, subject-to the profusion therein made for repayment of sums advanced for improvements.

( Si ,? jim Ecclesiastical and^Gbxkvity Lands.

38r,Wherfe lands are assigned or secured as the endowment of a Landlord, ^eepthe'^fs. by this. Act Conferred on a landlord shall not be archbishop or '^riSsfed,' by f nd 'archbishop or bidhop, in respect of those lands; 18 op' with' thVpfevio.tls approval in writing of the Estates Com-iditt^e 'df" the' Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

39. .Where, a landlord is iricuinbent of an ecclesiastical benefice. Landlord,

fH&'|bwers by'thiM Act'conferred oh a landlordsball nofcbe exercised of

||t||® re^ehtpf thh glebe land or other land belonging to the %in^cd^t^'!'ij^th the previous apprdyal in writing of the patron

''tifat-' is, the person, officer, pr authority Who, in were vacant, would be r entitled, to present-thCreto, ri^Ifhef^OVeriiors of Quebn Aimers Bounty (that is, the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Jfiffiintenajiee of the Poor "Clergy). '

Ih:leveiy Much'casC <th!e Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty may, if. they think fit, on behalf of the,incumbent, out of any mbdCy in x^rnahds,' pay tO^ri^e^itchaht the amount of compensation due this Act; and thereupon they may, instead of the meumbent' Obtain from the county court a charge on the holding, ja^pect thereof, in. favour of .themselves.

mhh ChArgC' shallhe effectual, notwithstanding any change prtfie'' mc^hpbChtV j|S

40. ' The 'bowCrs byAjiis1 Act . conferred '6n a landlord in respect Landlord,

- lhhd imall iiot be CiefCisCd by- taittees for ecclesias- charity

piCdjBt "with - the p'revidus approval in trustees»&c> of the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales.

i ^M^mrvpUon for Improvements, and' Miscellaneous.

41. .Where on a tenancy from year !tdT;year 'a JiipficV to' quit7 is Resumption of Mv^by 'the landiord wjrii'a vie# to thedseof laid' for anvof the P°ssessionofor

Sllffi ," s'tr r; '" yM-V m\: cottageBj

lf Thr erectM of farm laboip-ets cottages'dr other houses, with or ... without gardens'£' |

"'fLThe^i'd^Mmg of %araens for CitiMtifig'farm laboth^rs'feotta|'4s or1 s', other houses;

1 The allotment for %d ‘K&r gardens or dtljer purposes;

h'^laiitm^'of 01, . *V

T^Thd ^dCning' dr #OtkihgAdf any ndal,' Arphstphe, ilhpesjbOne, Or 15 ml hih^rhipei-alV or of a1 ^ond' duarry, clav, sand, or! gravel' piiy 'dr ~n10 JtKe |p i''dr‘-btlfiaiiig^'/t9 he Used in, <3dn-

" 8rnemo^ ffidrewitjh J l i

"<}f¥ hd; wta^ihing of OT^k^arriij^ gravel, dr sand; >

The making of a watdrddhrsh of fesefridr ?

Ch. 61. Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vicx,

The making of any road, railway, tramroad, siding, canal, or basin, or any wharf, pier, or other work connected therewith^1 and the notice to quit so states, then it shall, by virtue of this Act be no objection to the notice that it relates to part only of tHb holding.

In every such case' the provisions of this Act respecting com1-pensation shall apply as on determination of a tenancy in respect df an entire holding.

The tenant shall also be. entitled to a proportionate reduction of rent in respect of thelahddompfised in the notice to quit, and ih respect of any depreciation of the value to him of the residue of the holding, caused by the withdrawal of that land from the holding' or by the use to be made thereof, and the amount of‘that reductith shall be ascertained by agreement or settled by a reference unddr this Act, as in case of compensation (but Without appeal). '

The tenant shall further be' entitled; at any time within twenty-eight days after1 service of the notice to quit, to serve on the landlord1 a notice in writing toj the 'effect'that he (the tenant) accepts the1 same as a notice to quit the1 entire holding, to take effect at the expiration of the then current year of‘ tenancy: dnd the notie^1^11 quit shall have effect accordingly.

Provision as to 4:2. Subject to the provisions of this Act in rfelation'fo CroWiij limited owners, duchy; ecclesiastical, And charity lands, a landlord, whatever may he his estate* or interest in his holding, may give any consent, make any agreement, or'fio 'or have done to him any act in relation t#' improvements in respect of which'compensation is payable under thfe'Act which he might give or make or do or have dond to itfnt If1 he were in the' case of an dstaitfe Of inheritance Owner thereof in fee; and in the case of a leasehold possessed of the whole estate id'the' leasehold.

Provision in 43. When, by any Act of Parhaihent, deed, or other instruidett. vationf«frent a ^ase o^ a holding is authorised to be made, provided that

rent; ‘or reservation in the nature of ‘rent, is by such lease resefpd1 then, whenever any le&se of a^holding iS; udder such aufhOyitwmade to the tenant of the same, it shall not be necessary, in estimating, such rent or reservation, to take into' account against th.eteiymt the increase (if any) in the value of Atifeli holding arising from any - improvemedts made or patid for b^mfff'bd' sbch holding'.''

PART II. pistress.

Limitation of 44. After the commencement: df^HicAdt it shall n6tT be lawful re^peS of for any landlord entitled to1 the rent Of any holding^ta which' this

amount and Adt applies to distrain for rent, tfhibH became due in respect oif. such;

holding, more than ode year before the making of such distress, except in the case of arrears of feint in respect of a holding fo which' this Act applies existing'at the'time of the passing of this Apt, which arrears shall he recoverable by distress u^ to the first day Of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-flyq to the same extent as if this Act had not passed.

Provided that where it appears that according to the' ordinary course of dealing between the" landlord and tenant of a holding the

431

jg£3. Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. Cjb. 61.

rjayment of the rent , of such holding has been allowed to be deferred u^tiL the. ,e x piration of a quarter of a year or half a year after the date at which such rent legally became due, then for the purpose of this, section the rent of such holding shall be deemed to have become due at; the expiration of such quarter or half year as aforesaid, as the, cpte may be, and not at the date at which, it legally became

dufi-VM ' " -

45. Where live stock belonging to another person has been taken Limitation of ip. by, the tenant of a holding to whiph this Act applies to be fed at a fair prifie agreed to, be paid for such feeding by the owner of such pe

slock, to. the tenant, such stock shall not be distrained by, the landlord distrained, fo^ rent where there is other sufficient distress to he found, and if so disdained, by reason of other sufficient distress not being found, there- shall not be recovered .by such distress a sum exceeding the amount of the price so.agreed to be paid for the feeding, or jf any part ,of, such price has been paid exceeding the amount remaining unpaid, and it shall be lawful for the owner of such stock, at any time before it is .sold, to/redeem such, stock by paying to the dis-traiper a sum equal to such price as aforesaid, and any payment so m^de, to, thp .distrainer shall be in full discharge as against the tenant of any sum of the like amount which would he otherwise dtj^ f^pm thp pwner of t the stock to the tenant in respect oftjhe price,of^ feeding : Provided always, that so long as any portion of su,ch live stock shsll remain.on the said balding the right to distrain si^ch portion shall, .continue, to the full extent of the^price. originally . a^e,d to be,paid for, thp feeding of the whole,of such live stock, or ifjp(j£t,of such pripe has bpen bon&fitle paid to the tenant under the ag^u^Ltv.^hfn to the full extent of |hpnprice then remaining

unpaid..

Agricultural or other machinery which is thebona fide property of j pi person other, than, thp tenant, and is on the premises vof, the tyrant juuder, a Jbpn^fi^e agreement with him for, ,the hire on. use thereof inthp, conduct of his business, and live: stock of all kinds which is tb.a,^Qp^.ffidp .property of a person .other than the tenant, and is on the premise:?. , of the, tenant solely, for breeding purposes, sh^lbhot be, distrained .for rent, in arrear.

4,6. ^herp.apy ills od~'m -u) .,/> Remedy for

(a) in respect of any dlsfre^s, having been levied contrary to ,the wronS1 dis-

provisions of this Act; or' thisSAoter

(b) as to the ownership of any live stock distrained, or as to the ;price to be paid for the feeding of such stock; or ,.

(c) as to any other matter or thing relating to a distress on a

. holding te which t^ip/Apt;applies,:, g i0-,.

such dispute may be heard anp .determined by the county court or-by rA court of summary juris,diptipp, i $nd, pny such county epurtt or couft of - summary juris,diction ipay make an opdpr for restoration of any live stock or things ufoawfufly distrained, or ,may declare tha price agree^te, be paid, in .the pase where the.price of the feeding is, required to bp ascertained, or, may make any other order, which justice requires :, any such dispute, as mentioned in this section shall be dhemed to be a matter in, which a court ^engar. maryjurisdiction has authority bylaw to make an order on complaint in pursuance of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts; but.any person,-

432

Ch. Gl. Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. 46&47 Vict.

Set-off of compensation against rent.

Exclusion of certiorari.

Limitation of

Repeal of 2 W. and M. c. 5. s. 1 as to appraisement and sale at

aggrieved by any decision of such court of summary jurisdiction under this -section may, on giving such 'Sepurity to the other, yaiiy aS the court may think just, appeal to a court of general or quartan sessions.

47! Where the compensation due under this Act, or under 'any custom or contract, to a tenant has been ascertained before the landlord distrains for rent due, the amount of such compensation may be set off against the rent dub; and the landlord shall not be entitled to distrain for more than the balance.

48. Ah Order of the county court or of a court of sumih$y jurisdiction under this Act shall not be quashed for want of forri, or be removed by certiorari or Otherwise into any superior coiirt. ..

49. No person whatsoever niaking any distress for rent jink duress.CaSe of folding to which this Act applies when the sum demanded and Ate

shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds for or in respect of such rent shall be entitled to any other or'more OOsts and charges fo r and" in respect of such distress or any matter Or thing done therein than such as are fixed and set forth in the Second Schedule hereby.'

50. So much of an Act passed in the second year of the reigh'bf their Majesties King William the Third and Mary, chapter live,fas requires appraisement before sale of goods distrained is hereby, repealed as respects any holding to which "this Act applies, and the1

pabiic auction, landlord or other person levying a distress on such holding may sell1 the goods and chattels distrained without causing then* to. be pre-' viously appraised; and for the purposes of sale the goods snd chattels distrained shall, at the request in writing Of the tenambr ownbr of such goods and chattels, be removed to a public auction room Or to some other fit and proper place specified in such request,' and be there sold. The costs and expenses attending any such removal, and any damage to the goods and chattels arising there- from, shall be borne and paid by the party requesting the removal. Extension of 51. The period of five days provided in the Said Act of Wlllit&i j and Mary, chapter five, within which the tenant or owner of gboifc and chattels distrained may replevy the same shall, in the.ca^oi any distress on a holding to which' this Act applies, be' extehdeoo a period of not more than fifteen days; if the tenant or such owner make a request in writing in that behalf to the landlord or ower' person levying the distress, and also give security for any additional costs that may he occasioned' by such extension bf tiice-Provided that the landlord or person, Buying the distress'May, $L the written request or with the written consent of the tehattji.pr such owner as aforesaid, sell the 'goods and'ch^ttek' disi^ainequr part of them at any time befdf6 the expiration of such extended period as aforesaid.

52. From and After the commencement of this Act nd shall act as a bailiff to levy any distress on any^ holding to which this Act applies unless he shall be authorised to act as a bailiff a certificate m writing under the hand of the judge ofA/cbh^f court; and evety bounty tburt judge shall; oh or bdfoi'e'the thmj'-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighfy*three; and afterwards from time to time as‘Occasion shall reqiiife; appoMi a competent nUmber'of fit and proper persons toJ act as such' bailiff®; aS aforesaid. If any person sd appointed shall be proVed' f <3 the

at request of tenant.

Bailiffs to be appointed by county court judges.

1&8& ^piciiUural' 'MotMM^s iMgiaiiS) 'Ad, l&$sLd1' eftAl.

g^failtion of the said judge, to have been guilty of any extortion $0$*' misconduct in the; execution of his.djity as abailifffhe sEu^diable' to have his appointment summarily canceliedbythel

gaidjudjge.

PART in.

Ganefail Provisions.*

53. This Act sh^llcome mto force on the first day of; January Commence- ohe thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, .which rnywatfrlflfi ment of Act j^i'Pfenjed ip as the commencement of this Anfei_,

54/ Npihing in this Act Ahall apply to a holding, that/ is .not Holdings to either, wholly agricultural or wholly pastoral, or in part, agricultural, ^ct

and as to the residue pastoral, of, in wholpAr in.. .partAmtlyated;ja appt a marKot garden, or to any holding ' let . rto the tenant.-durwg his continuance in any office, appointment, or employment held under the landlord.

* 55. Any. contract, agreement, or covenant made, by a tenantry Avoidance of viriqe.'.of dopriyod of his right to claim .&g»peu§ate<>n

tm^er thip-Act-rn ‘ respect of any.impfovement mentioned im/fhe.with Act.

hereto (except, an agreement,providing such.ngm* pj^nsapmh' aip' i^ vby this Apt per^tted^p be suhstituted) for ppihpensS-.Aci)*. shalji, soikr as it deprives him m^uch fighfe; hje'vprd bothl>t law and'in equity. "

56f ibcpnfi^tehant Jm*VWith ithp honsehtilu^/ynting,^ight of tenant

paid to an phtgoiBg tehhni any compehs^ibii^payable improvemeift ^M or in ^pursuance of Mis Act in respect of the whflJg, og panl a^nrehased from immQv|menit, such ixteoming teiiant shall be enticed op quittipg|iout&oin8' the^B^dipgJtp claimAompe^afipn in respect of such improvement<enan' nice .manner. iff at all, as the puling tenant would have;

heemenlatled iff lic^ '.Ha^L;

tw-ppiding.;^ the'rtinie. at which ;fthp* rincoming tenant quits the samp."/ ,[. , J

57. A tenant 'ffhalff |WWiM 'to .elaim .coinpensaition by.Compensation cu|^om <jruothefwife Ahan. in manner authorised |>y this Act ih^1"beVxdutive re^peqt ,pfr^yri^ he ffs, (enfitled tp compensation ° 6 6X6118176

unjJer, off m,Aursuanpelof'.ffh^s Act, bijf WJiqre; he, is npffentitled' £o' competisatipii under '(qr r inpur^uancdof iiim Act ha may .ffetAyef! c^mpen^ttion under any other Act of of^yj^pemeh

or. cdsffom, in. the same manner as m this Ac^lmdhpt, pasted ! 58. A tenant who/biaj(.to or chauges $£] f epappy;shall notfjherpafter; on .q^fcting of~

at the" determination of a tenancy be deprived 01 his. right to claim compensation in.reapect of,ixnproyenients,by reason, pnly that such improvements were made .during a .former tenancyor tenancies, and not dfiripg/the tenancy at the;dpteripination. of which he is quitting.r,f.; - , V

59;r^ubject As ip thi^(86ction . ffientipued, .a tenant shall not be Restriction in enviedM compensation, hi ^eapept, of any improv,events, other than manures as defined by, this Act,. begun by him, if , he .fiolds from by tenant yeir to ypar, Within one yea^betpre he quits his holding, qr at. any "bout to «"*. time after hebas ;givAlyorr ^eiy®d ffu®! notice to .quit, and, if he holds as a lessee, within one year before the expiration of his lease.

434 -feOl, A$kvltwr(d SMiwgs (England) Act, 1883, 46 & 4?*

A final notice td qtlit means a notice to ' quit which-haa' fiBt'bee warded or withdrawn, bdt has-resulted in the tenant'tf&itfiiighj - h$difig.

The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apjfiy in the ease of any such improvement as aforesaid —

(1.) Where a tenant from year to year has begun sttcfc improve*

; 4 ment during the last year of his tenancy, and, in pursuance of a notice to- quit thereafter giveifi by1 the landlord, has tfuitted ! " his holding at the expiration of that year; - and 1 (2.) Where a tenant, whether a tenant from yeah to iyear or a Iessee, previoUsfy tobeginning 'any such I improveraeti^ has w served notice oh his landlord; ot his intentioUto begiEfthe -feefine,

0 l, and thedandlord has either assented or has failed for'a niolfth Rafter the* receipt5 of the-'-notice teKobject to the: making^ of the 1 -1' -:; improvement. ofriAtt. '60. Except as in thfe A(^*expressed, nothing in' this Act'sltkll takeaway,- abridge, df ^r^dimally; affect any pU^ei^ li^vor remedy of a landlord^ tenftntj-dr-'nther ' persm' vestted* in- 0r:.exer-rtCiseable by him hyvittoe off any other Act. dr law-' bfflf&d#) any custom of l the, OOuntiyy Otf^otherwise, in respect of fa contract of tenancy or'other3'contract/ on- of any1 improvements, waste '.emblements, tillages, awayigoing crops, fixtures, tak, rate, tithe rentcharge,

- refit,"or other thing.

Interpretation. 61 this Acte- ..!' ai

|^ ©ontrapt of x tenancy "§ means ' a letting of1 or agreement mp the jlpa letting laaid for a tfinniof years, -or for -lives,- dr ferdives and *0 v years,dr from ye>ax to'year:

' Aidnandy from ye&r to-ydafl'Attd#f>a contract of-tenatodyCurrent at the commencement of the. Act shall for the purposes of this Act be deeihed to ' Continue' to be a tenancy' finder a contract of tenancy entrant At the commenCeihentAf this J j i i ;Act until the first day fin which cither thelancfiordhr tefiaiit ' &P‘of- such tenancy Could/the One by giving Motice-tO - the other immediately after the comrnfeiKCnmnt^fithis-'Aef^eaus^ch i i _ tenancy to determine; and on and-after -such' day as1 aforesaid shall be deemed to be a tenancy Under a- contract' dltefianey beginning after the1 coitfxrmnOenmnttof this Act : 0 "^Determination of tenancy" means the.cesser of a contract of tenancy by reason of f elPEh^iou^f lth^e, dr from any other cause;.

"Landlord" in relation.toA/hbKLing means any person for the time being entitled to-receive the rents and profits of any

" Tenant " means the hoj^Rr^f a tppa

u of years, or for lives, or for dives and.years,-- or from yea£>to a year: .gtoter*.' . ] /}

, ",Tenant" includes the exedutors/admini^rato^ assf^s^legdiice, devisee, committee of the

estate or trustees m bankrimtii^ peraon

' i '.im-n >Cpin-

. ^:r 1pensaiibn in respect of' any impi^yement* made by a tenant shall enure_ to the benefit of, such' exeeuto^.administrators assigns, and other persons as aforesaid,: . \ - ,

blAtgtMultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883. Cff. 61, 4

"Bolding'' means any parcel of land held by a tenant: ,

f.y/Qonnty court," in relation to a holding, means the county court 2 Vithin the district whereof the holding or the larger part A, , thereof is situate:

" Person " includes a body of persons and a corporation aggregate ,Ufor sole:

" Live stock " includes any animal capable of being distrained:

,» "Manures." paeans any of t^e improyemepts numbered twenty-two and twenty-three in the 1 third part of the First Schedule I ,i0 hereto:

1 The designations of landlord and tenant shall continue to apply to the parties until the conclusion of any proceedings taken under or m pursuance of this Act in respect of compensation for improvements, or under any agreement made in pursuance of this Act.

62. On and after the commencement of this Apt, the,Agricultural Repeal of Acts Holdings (England) Act, 1875, and the Agricultural Holdings "g^?75 "*d (England) Act, 1875, Amendment Act, 1876, shall be repealed, u Provided that such repeal shall not affect —

. .uM) any thing duly done or suffered, or any proceedings pending il> j:.,upder pr in pursuance of any enactment hereby repealed; or yfo(k) any right to compensation in respect of. improvements to which the Agricultural foldings (England) Adi 1875, applies, and which were executed before the commeneement of this Act; or

»f[J m) any right to compensation.in respeetof any improvement to . .wjhich the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1875, applies, although executed by a tenant after the commencement of this n, r Act if made under a contract of tenancy current .at the com-

0 -1>umncement of; this Act; or a

:; (d.); any right in respect of fixtures affixed to a holding before ithe commencement of this Act; apd any; rightt .reserved by this section may be enforced'after the commencement, of this; Act in,^he, samemanner in all yespects as if no such repeal had taken place.

TT 63.i This, Act may be cited for all purposes as the Agricultural Short title of ;S9A<?ings, (England) Ad, 1883*^ | v0; gg .:j. Act.

64. This Act sheffinokapiply <to;ScotIaU.d or Ireland. . Limits of Act,

FIRST SCHEDULE.

u-yri c,n-mRT X u'-m;

Improvements to which consent of Landlord is: required.

r(li) ' Erection or enlargement of buildifags. " *

(2.) Formation of silos.

(3.) Laying down of permanent pasture.

(4.) Makingand planting of o^er beds, "-'fui-v V

AS A Making of water meadows or .works of irrigation.

.iS.) , Making of gardens. r[

OS Making or improving of roads or bridges.,. a ,

1 /o \ Making or improving of'watercourses, ponds, wells, or reservoirs, or vSi'Li of works for toe application of water poWer Or for dtlpply of water

for agricultural Or domestic purposes.

4Sl$ i, 62.' AgHcutHiml Holdings (ffrigland) Act. 4ft & 47

(1ft.) Planting.of Hops. - rj.j

(H.) Planting of qrchards oi' ftniit bushes.

(12.) ' Reclaiming of waste' land.

(1 A) 'Warping of land.

(14.) Embankment and sluiees against floods.

; PART II.

Improvement"Isf respect of which notice to Landlord‘is

j; , REQUIRED.

(15.) , Drainage.

PART. III.

IMPROVSME^S 'to' Wfrlt^CONSENT OF LANDLORD; JS'^OtK) f REQUIRED.

lift.) Boning of land with undissoivedftones.

(17.] Chalking of land.

Clay-burning.'

(19.) Claying of land.

(20. )13 lathing bf lafi'dw I1 1 ‘

StfSEJ 1 Marling of land.;

(22.) Application to/ land, Of purchased artificial or other. puvchased . manure.

(2,A) Consumption op/^he^holding, by cattle, sheepj or' pigs' br.cake or .. r other feeding stuff not produced On the holding.1

wmmmm mi

Section 49. Levying 'distress'. Three' per centum on ainy dun4 exceeding 20/. and not exceeding 50/i Two'and a half peri oeotum on any sujh excepdingrj50L.

-it ' Tb bailiff for levy, If.. Is. '

-../.To naan, in possession, if boarded, .3^6^ per dayj '"^!o«Klie^'Sfe.

per day.

For advertisements the sum actually paid.

To auctioneer.' For ^ale five pounds per centum on the sum,realised not exceeding ljOD/., and-foiur per; centum on any additional Sum realised not exceeding 100/., and oii any sum breeding 200/. fibre© rpetiicefijmijg A tn mm rofeoatii fraction mil. tb be in aU cases Considered 1/.

I i'iri in Reasonable costs and Charges where .distress, is withd£%wa,jq£ Tyhemno sfile takes plaCe, and for negotiations^ between .landlord rauft tenant respecting the distress;. such cpsts and charges^'ni^qase1 jthe^parfies differ to be taxed by the registrar of 4hq..(^unty(pourt of the dfstncj in whiffl^te distress is made. .. ..

CHAPTER 62.

An the Law relating 1 to Agricultural

Holdings in Spotl^nd., [25th August 1$83-.]

EE it erfaeted by the 'Queen's' most E^ell^nt Majesty,' bytitid with +the advice and consent;of the Eords Spiritual ahd'Tem-1 /poral, and Common, in, this,present'P^rliRment as^i^ted/didV . the authority of the sam^ Rs foilpty^: r:

,ydfyvemdti<btyffi 0'

General right $ I. Subject as in this Act,mctntiouje!(i-((a itesnani wh0 has madeon of tenant to his holding any improvement specified ii) the . schediile'iiethto, compensation, gjj^ from and after the commencement of this Act, he'efititieduon

183ft. v i m ^.gricultuToX Holdings ^Scotland) .Act, 1883. Off. 62. 437

quitting his holding at the deteraaination of a tenancy to obtain from the landlord as compensation under this Act for such improvement such sum as fairly represents the value of the improvement to an incoming tenant: Provided always, that, in estimating the value of any improvement in the schedule hereto there shall not be tftlrft-n into account as part of the improvement made by the tenant what is justly due to the inherent capabilities of the soil.

Msfo frifrovemefits executed before the Commmcemmt of Act.

2. Compensation under this Act shall not be pay able in respect Restriction as of improvements executed before .the commencement of * this-A^ ments>lSoic with these exceptions, namely- — J AJ-Ji

(1.) (Where, a tenant has within ten years before-the commencement of this Act executed^ an improvement specified in the

- third part of the schedule hereto which he was not render, an

- express obligation to make, and he is hot entitled unde? anjr contract or custom to compensation in respect of such improvement; or

(2.) Where a tenant has executed an improvement mentioned;<io .the first or second part of this schedule within ten years pMot&'io1 the commencement of this Act, and hte is.nutma-io 9^,$%d.mider any contract or custom to compensation-in respect of such improvement, and. the landlord, within one year after the cdmmencement of thib ARt, dedares in Writing his consent to the making, of the improvement.

In either of these cases the tenant, on quitting his holding at the determination of; the tenancy after, the - commencement of this Act,uhiay claim compensation under this- Act in respect; of , the improvement which he has executed in the^ same manner; as1 if/this.

Act had beeii in force at thd'time of the execution of such1 imprbve-ment.

As to l^jfr&oements executed after the Commencement of Act.

; 3P; Oompensation under this Act shall not be pay^bje In'respect Consent of of any improvement spedfied in the first ?andl°ri * *<»

hereto,' and executed after the commencement of this Act, imless ^l^dlO^d,-'^ his agent ‘ dti^f! authorised on that behalf : has schedule. ,prqyi^usly to ^e^e^ntllM^of the* improvement, hud" after the passing of this Act,'l6ofihinifed ih;jwritiiig t6 the exeCutiod nP httdx improvement, and any such consent may be given by the landlord unconditionally, or upon such terms as to compensation, or otherwise, as may be agree# <#poh-Mt^6.eif fBe^Jandlord and the tenant, and in >the event of any agreement heipg naade between the landlord'and - the tenant, the compensation nayable^ndeunder'shall ^ber deemed, to he .substituted for compensation'ihideh thiSAlcit.'17

Act Shall not he payable in re^pfect Notice to ]»»a-off*the schedule ^"^51 hereto, and ‘ek^OntOd after the eOhamenceinent of this Act, unless second part of the tenant has, not more than three months and not. less than *two schedule, months before beginning to-execute such improvement, given to the landlord, or his duly authorised ag[ent, nOtic'e in writing of his intention so to do, and of the manner in which he proposes to do> the intended work, and upon Such notice being given, the landlord

438' Ctt. 6£? 'Agri&fdturaX Holdings (Sociland) Act, 1$8$: 46& 47

and tenant may agree on the terms as to compensation'or otherwise bn which the improvement is bo be; executed, and in the event Of agreement being made, that the improvement is !tobe executed^, the! tenant, the compensation payable-thereunder shall be deemedfi to be substituted fomcompensation under this Act, or the landlord may undertake to execute the improvement himself, and unless he notice is previously withdrawn, proceed to do so in any reasonable and proper manner which he thinks fit, and charge the tenant with a suiobi not -eXcfedding five'pounds p&r centum per annum on the outlay incurred -in1'executing the improvement, or not exceeding sufch; annual sum; payable for a period of twenty^five years, as-jjwill repay Such outlay in the said period, with interest at thexrate of three fper-centum per annum, such, annual sums, to be recoitepable as' rent, In default .of any such agreement or undertakings -and also in the event of the landlord-failing tocomply with his-undertaking within a reasonable-tittle,! the tenant may execute the- im-provement; himself, -and shall, (in! respect thereof, i.b© entitled; to compensation under this Act/ J Where in the case' Of a tenancy under -at lease . current it < tl^e passing of this * Act theite is in such leas©, or -a® stay. relative writing mad©' prior t©i the passing-hereofr an express: stipulationlinmpng the outlay on any improveihettt' specified in thesecond pprtcofiithe schedule hereto, the tenant shall' have no -daim -to. x compensation undfer -this- Act for any such improvement in excess :of the auna provided for inxsuch stipulations - The landlord' and tenant - may; if they think jfit, dispense with any notice under this section, and come to an agreement!-inufeerms of the lease Or otherwise between-themselves in the sarnie mantier and of the same' validity^ if such notice hadibeen givem-ioa

Reservation as 5, Where, in the case of a tenancy underalease current te&jjSeg coiipn^eiuept^f rthis j^ct* anyf^greesn^nt ijn writing^pr rcuslW' provides specific compensation; for any dmprQyejnent specifed 'in,- the. sched^e^ej^tQ, compensa^ijdn(injtespeci of such improvement, although Jhet1 of1'this Act, sfialLTpe

payable in pursuance pfsufiEagreementxmpcpgtpm,' and. deemed to be substituted for ' compensation'iinder this Act/

Where, in the case, of a tenanqy under a lease beginning after I "the commencement of this Act/any'particular agreement in writing secures to;d*he tenant for; any;fmprm'einent specifiedoiil $e thud- part of the -schedule/herdto, rafadc executed - after ther dohkv. mencenient of this Act, -fair1 and reasonable; compensUtioaitovieg;] regard to the AcunistancCs existing! atA the Mm&rof making: suelv/ agreement, then in such case the compensation in respectiotusuelic improvement shall Jbe! payable inipursuan.ee of 'the particular agreement- and motvunder this Aohufj.

The last preceding j provision of this section relating- to .a particular agreement shall: apply in. the; case of/a^emaneyjunder, a lease current atxtheicommencement of this. Act ini respect of an: impyotfe-;; ment. specified in the! third, part:; 6£ithe schedule ,lte¥eto,rspecii& coiapemation for which is mat pmvddediibfyrriaify^ iyiefemBt,in-writing oribu3tom;f r

m

1883* 7 *?#l foldings (Scotland) Act,. X8i83.'t,. Cb^&M

b4^agi'iiJsi.tia'n.H as to. Goxnpcnsation for Improycm^ntst, ±

0, iln'fthe ascertainment of the amount of the eompensationTiCompensatioa uMWthitfAct payable to the tenant iri respect Of any improvement |^ijt"pr<)Te' there -shall be *tafeen inf a 'account in reduction thereof: r (w) * JMy benefit vfhieh the landlord has given «r -allowed to the J

I H tenant inneonsideration of the tenant executing the improve- .

' .'ment'-'and' tti , ,

(ti)'In the case of compensation .for manures- the value of the iiimanure that would have been produced by the consumption , lggm 'the holding, according to the rules of good husbandry or

II r/according to, the terms of any written contract specifying V/ sbchrUlespof any crops soldofforremoved' from? theholdjrg i oil within the last two years- of the tenancy or other less- -time: oMop/ridiibb- the tenancy has endured, except in so- far as a ‘/alproperreium of manure-tbr the holding has -been made, in:

-flfSes^lect of* >suchi produce so sold off or .removed.,

‘iFhkamlount- ofiteompensation- payable' to the* ^tenant shall be }

subject to deduction of any sums due to the landlord* Jj a(li) ?Foi,- reiit payable inrfespect of the holdingg; - JW For any taxes, rates, or tpublie burdens, Or interest,‘moneys . f,tii|)ayilbleiinireqp.eet of; drainage, premiums of insurance payable "itlfieifesp^dt'o^therholding:ofor^ which the-tenant isl liable- as between him- and - the landlord, g£j1 -(®.) For the breach of anystipulation of- the lease, or of any .

' contract relative tb'the lease, committed by the tejaant;

Ear V:a;ny -'deterioration committed- on permitted > by the ^antdnaht;- g

f^rere! shall he ‘added- to| the tenant's compensation any, sum -due to - the' tenant-for: coinpensation in respect/of a breach of iany sfifiulation of a lease, or other contract .relative to a lease, commlWeaby^H^B.ndfefd.'' 1-

a landlord ^'to- oBtim'^iidet this Ac t compensation* in'xel^ct' bf' deferioratiOn l>y tjkd tehaliit' of ‘ afl, stipfiiS®6'QabtfclMe- tdiihht' ddihhiitfedJ 'd^0be^-;

Hfiftea'mferatibn t<r ciiifiydtion'bif,'toa!tiho^fiii§nf‘ihh^''than'Tottir y^frs pemr|(Jthe! defeymifihtibri 'of ‘fhb tkfihpd¥. ttj

aidt- io -Notice of ia- .

'*R this Achf®denhinfeshallij3aot ^Kitende^ claim*

entitled to compensation under. this. Aeteiunless -Jenr, months ^t le^t'/hhfbieijthet^mermination. /of thee tendn^ihehgivtes notice in. ( wMtin®tn>»#he l&ndhwrd of * his intentitm^toinmke ia 'eiaiiia farieom*' pensatibnhinden this* (Acts/ t * f

-^%erem! tenant giVeh > such-.a najjiee thia iandtedmay/before)-^®' i -determination of the tenancy, pr within>loun?teen i days, t hereafter, i given coUntert-tfotice on writing to the,tenant -of his intention tfco m&feei sf-dawn for/(sompen^tmamndenih^j^ds -'Eve^y isuoh notaoe and uoimteuimotieeishall;state, as fab asrreasom-a% may- be,< the ^icularn and am©pnilo©f iheclintended1 claim. m*

* 8 .iOPhe landlord' janfb the - tenant may-agreeba the amount'-and, sftded mode and time of payment loiicpmpsnsation toje paidfo.the tenant,referei.ee. or to the landlord under this Act.

£10 gjg. $2. Agwwdtwql Holdings ($cptl<md) Jkebi 1883. .,46 & 47 J&&.

If in any case they do.not :so agree the difference shall be settled by a*e£ej$nce* - , h

Appointment 9. Where there is a ,i$fej?qnoei under. . this Act, a single referee refSeeTand or re^erees and 8)11 oversman, |Shall be appointed. as follows ajiv: oven man. .. r(b)' If the parties, cq^c^y, a piqglq,. referee may be appfliptf^jby

J) ' feiii Him

1 (2.) If before an award is ,pronounced the ain^e,rpferes djtesipij becomes incapable of acting, or for seyep cfays filter notijee hpm the parties of his appointment he fa$s to qccqpt the/refe^hce! and to actt the proceedings sh^Il Regin afresh, as if no referee

' had been appointed:

i, (S.)i M the1 parties do not concur- in thb' appOihtment of a bihi$fe referee, each of them shall appoint a referee:

(4.) If before an award is ptOhounced one jof two rei^rees dies or :1 befeomes incapable of abting^ orCtdr Sevpn,

' the party appointing him Of' hisappointment fails to atofept -tiift referOnce and to act; thO phi^y dppOintffig pim shi^l appoint; another referee

J (odU^otfce1 of every appointment. of a; rdferee by either party shall be given to the other party:$

I . .'(6.);ilffor seven days 'after notice by*one party to the diner

;to appoint a referee, or failing a referee < appointed, another referee, the other party fails-to do so, then, on the application-

< of . the party giving notice,' the sheriff shall within fourteen days appoint a competent -and' impartial person to be a' refe^f Wherer,two./referees^ are* apponoted; they^shaffl^beforetyey

enter, on the/ reference appoint an oversman: .!

(8.) If before an award ispronounced an oversman.dies or becomes-incapable Of acting, thCtefereeS shall appoint another OvefSm&ri:1 (i9.) If for seven days after-request feom either party thW referees'

; fail'to appoint' an oversman, or failing an oversman: appoinfed, anotheroversman, then; on' the application of either ^pSrty,'thej sheriff shall within fourte^i*'" days^ appoint d cofnpetew and . -1 1 impartial persons to be the oversmari1: -(I'O.) ;iEvery appointment] notice, and '.request> under' this- sectiotiP w ahtdl'befinownting; - '

The powers of the'Sheriff Undef this section shall1 be e^erciS&fible'l bynhim /although hd[ mayl not be'art' thejfime Within the OOtidty^0 X Requisition for 'JO.1 Where 'two'irefereCs- 'are*appbinted,lafi oversman

appointment of appointed; ‘as follows rod

the sheriff. 7 either* party‘'on I appointing1 a ftfereec'tequifces % notice in

v >(writingftorthe/eth# that tiieb^ertmanishall'ffeO' appoi&ted^'hj/411 b&itbe-'sheriff/ them 'the 'oversman and any* sufeoessorTto him'shslh

* bcfeppointed/oditheapplit^ition/otf'/eitl^' party,(>by<theehtetiff:!

Mode of sui- ii. The delivery tb a refta/ee'ofih'is* appointment1 Shall*'bfe'defertCd'

a snbmisdon. to a reference* -by thC' party 'deliveringit,/and ineitfiCr rji!'£partyehallba^evpowerfffcOfrev©keia-stobniiSfeicte, torltheiappoiRtnaent) ofia:TBefe*»^without the?consentofttheother;)iqnri 'V res s/l'l < rover for 1^. ffheritefereeror fpaferees^ Or bverSman-'inayrcall tfori theftpro-

rtterec, && to duetion of anysamplei'or voucheriOrtother document or evidence non of doca-which is in the possession or power of either party,ron Twhich (either ments, admi- party (Can produce}! and. whdehr seems tdr.therf referee; ontiiefWdteC.dy m, ter oaths, &c oversman necessary, for jj the, determinaftiom of the matters,/, referred,

441

, 1883. T4 i Atgti&aMural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1888. GB. 62.

Bnjdjmay take the examination of thA parties and witnesses on oath, and may administer oaths and take affirmations-; and if any person.! so;swom or'; affirming wilfully and corruptly gives false evidence he shall be'guilty of perjury, i

. '18. The !fefCree - or referees dr oversman may' proceed' in the Power toH absence of either party where this course appears -tb him. of^tjhem m gijfedient after notice given to the parties/

ifT4. The a^ardsfeatl he in writing^ signed by the referee or form of award. r$fiiftes or Pvdfsman as the case may be.

IS. A single referee shall pronounce his award ^nd -haye the Time for award Mpm^e^dy log^ d^liypry within twenty-eight days after his appoint- or

mSrfc.

Two rgfg!*pes phall prpnounce ~ their award and have the sapae rcaay for delivery within twenty-eight days after the appointment offtolfasf appoini^eapi them, or within such extended, time (if-any) Wffeyt%y,ft9m tipm ipTime jointly have fispd1 by writing under men Hands, so that they have their award ready for delivery within a time npti^xceeding in the whole forty-nine days after the appointment t>i the last appointed of them. ...

i i6« t^fp jefprees.. are, appointed and act, if tHeyflfaCil sto Eeferenceto

ce theh^rd.and have^the same,ready for delivery within and award by resaid, then; on the expiration of that time; their powers oversman‘ ^§fgj^es;jh?*li ceaso and. 'determine/ and thereupon-the matters refe^d, to them shall stand, referred to the oversman. r^ej-p^ersman shall pronounce his award and . have thC ssfine ready for. delivery within twenty-eight days afternof.ioein writing giygft.to hito^ by either, party. or . referee of the devolution lof the rel^p^e/.tq hitoitPr: tvithh>',.such. extended time (if any) as. the sj^fl.omthje ^ppljeatiojf <Sfthe ovemman>;or of either party, may fix, sg.that the. o,Yjersman pr5onourlee; his award and hate the same ready f^Y^iy^ydthif .a:time;not exceeding in the whole,-fortymine (fey§ «tfter notice to him as aforesaid.

The' powers of the sherifT-under thfe section shall fee exercise-ahtejhy- him although he may; not fee at the time within thd fcoUnty.

In any case provided Tor' by sections three, ifour,- onffiivej'afneom-p§^ati°h is, claimed wndorKthiSrAcj^ such eompenSatiomva^imidfer any of-Ahgse. secstiop.s>; is tot [fee-deemed to be substituted' for -ebffi-pggsatjpp undor-ithijs Aiet, [if iandsp;far asvthe Same-can eonsisteictly with the terms of the agreement, if any, he - ascertained' by the * rgfprgggt pr the . oyersman,' Shall fee Awarded in respect of -any iiWdYWSofer, Bud* ther iawaJrd shall; when

n^Cggsaijy, [distinguish suph , improvements, and ithe> a m ount awarded inspect (the^of^iaod an award- given under4 this section shall be suhjgct jtp Jthe appeal ' provid^j by ( this Apt,

17. Th4-award ishall- n6t find Side or decern for a sBrfl generally Awara tqgiye, fohjwampensation^but shall; as' far as reasonably m^ be,‘ specify5^ Jar cu (a.) The several improvehlents,>a^s, and-things imrespeet wlktoof^5 -o-i^nopfensittibno is, awarded;1and the * severed matters and thnSgs taken into s aceomit 'in1 reductions iaugmentation bf ;Su6b leibbmpenSatiumyvii'O xodtis- 3o LU

-((&.)fcThe! :time ati-whichmach of the improvements,1'acts; ior things ,bowa^;executed, committed* permitted, or omitted^-'

Expenses of reference.

Day for payment.

Appeal to sheriff.

Recovery of compensation.

CbS 62.i jAgi'icuUliral II61 dings (Scotland) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vici;

(<v> The sum awarded in nrespeet .of each improvement^ act^ t matter, or thing; and

(<£) Where the landlord desires, to charge his estate with the amount of compensation found due to'the tenant,- the time at which, foe the. purposes of such charge, each improvement,tact, or thing in respect of which, compensation is awarded is to be deemed to be exhausted.

18. The expenses of and connected with the reference, including the remuneration of the referee or referees and oversman, and othfcr proper expenses, shall be borne and paid by either party in whole' or by the parties in such'proportions as to the referee or referees'Or1 oversman appears just, regard being had to the reasonableness^ unreasonableness of the claims of the parties or . either of them, and to the whole circumstances of the case.

The award may decern for the payment of the whole: or rany. part of the. expenses by either party :to the other, and in that case the award shall Specify the amount to he so paid.

The amount of the expenses shall be subject to taxation byt^i, auditor of the sheriff court, on the application Of. either party,) but i that taxation shall he subject to review by the sheriff.

19. The award shall fix a day, not sooner than one month after the delivery of the award, for .the payment of - the inohey awarded1 for compensation, expenses, or otherwise.

20. Where the sumclaimed for compensation exceeds bite hufl-dred .pounds, either party may; within seven days after deliVefy' of the award, appeal against it .to the sheriff on all or any of the following grotmds:'

(1.) That the award is invalid; 1

(2.) That the award-proceeds-wholly or in part hponhn

application of, or upon the1 omission properly ‘to' apblj',1 the special provisions of sections three,.fdfir,' di* five of this (3.) That compensation has been awarded for-improvements^ acti,

or things, or for breaches of stipulations or agreements' orator committing or permitting deterioration, in respect of which the patty claiming was not entitled to Compensation,1 p (4.) That ctrtnpensation1 has not hden awarded for improifefhehtsf,11' | acts; or things, or for breaches of stipulation® or agreeinents; tit* 3 for comrditting or permitting deterioration in respect of which'

; the party claiming was entitled to a^jjehsaticln and the sheriff Shall hear and determine the appeal, and may, jin* his discretion, remit the case to'be-reheard as to the Whole part thereof by thd-referee Of referees of, Oyersmanp with '^UCh^ directions as die may: think fit. J If no appeal is so brought the award shall he final.

The decision of the'sheriff on appeal shall bd final

21. Where any rnbjieyagreed pr awarded qr

to be paid for compepsqtion, expenses, or otherwise, is not paid

within, onje month after the -tipie,^nejn it . is agreed' or awt^/pr

ordered lo he paid, it record the

award in the. books of the sheriff coij£t,

execution to-pass thereon in common form, , as

registered bond or decree arbitral; and any order for payment.

443

18831 1 ~P M/jffiicvMural Holding8(Scotl<md) Act, 1883. Cbt. fi2.l

by a sheriff on appeal shall be enforced an* the same manner as a decree for payment made under his ordinary-jurisdiction is enforced. I 22. >Where a landlord or a tenant is a pupil or minor, or is of ^ppoin^®nt unsound mifid, not having a tutor, curator, or other guardian, the ° gnar an‘ sheriff, on the applicaticm of any person interested, may appoint to hint a tiitor ®r-curator for the purposes of this Act, and may recall the appointment of such tutor or curator and appoint another tutor or curator if and as occasion requires..

23i ;The Court of .Session may by.act off sederunt, from. .time :to Expenses in time.'prescribe a scale of expenses for such proceedings in tjhe sheriff ®heriff courts, courty-and, such expenses shall be; taxed by the auditor of the. sheriff

COUrttMi;:.,.:$

\iiyi , Charge of Tenant's Cortipensation.

24. A landlord on paying to the tenant the amount due to him Power for in.'#6spect of‘Compensation under this Act, or in re&pect ' of compeh-sation ‘tedthorised by this Act to be siibstitutedfor1 compensation pensafion to under this Act, or on*his<defira.ying himself the edst of improvements obtain charge, pressed to hfe' executed by the tenant, shall beentitledto obtain frduil the*Sheriff authority to charge the holding,- or the estate *of which it-forms part, in respect thereof. !-(The sheriff shall have:power,.on proof of the payment, and bringi satisfied of the.: observance in good faith by the parties of the conditions imposed by this Act, to grant authority to. the land-the holding,-or the estate .of . which it forms <parVby expecting anfiregistering in the-register- of sasines a bond.and dis- j. position iq,|ecuriiy^)yer; it for repayment of the amount paid, or any part'thereof, with such interest, and by such, instalments, as - the sheriff may determine; or, if the^lapjdlP^d has ..only a, leasehold by ^xocptbig and. duly registering pi.the register, pi-,gamines,an assignation of .thejease in- security.and for repa^.of 'ti^/iTOonnt paid, or any4 part thereof, with, such iujifjisljpj^ jly^uc^in^alaients, as the sheriff may determine.1

utf.-^prc | thei j landlord; o obtaining the charge is not absqlute owu^r fgf f the holding for bis,Qwn .benefit, no .instalment pr interest shall by such baud apd disposition in security or. assignation be ffi^.j^yghle;,after ,the,.tinie...whaa. ffhe improvement,in respect wj^r^of.cppipensation is paid w&U^wfhereanaward has heen made, h^.t^kentpi have, been exhaustedj according to the declaration of the award, and in apyother case after the time when any .such im-WfmhMiM in the judgment of the sheriff, after hearing such. . e^|gn^rapy)ras he,thipAs,expedi^it, have become exhausted; < andt^uc^,jp9nd and dispositiomin security pr assignation shall specify . the times at which the total amount charged and each instalment u thereof shall be payable. :r(.

The instalments and; ,1^ -ebarged -ip , favour of, the

landlord, his, executors, administrators, and assignees]

Any charge under this section khall rank aftef ci^prior charges aA'oiP'^eus heritably Secpred Ubod ihd holding of .^state. ' *

1 WhCreFS, holding/of' estate Ts" charged by therlandlord *phder this -se&ki&A ' Siibh charge shall not" be deemed to be a contravention 6fv aiiy pfotifbition against charging or burdening Captained lffthe or imtiumbint undeir which the holding or estate isyhhld by the laiidlBrd.':‘

444

Advance made by a company.

Duration of charge.

Tenants to be removed only at legal terms. 48 Vict. c. 12.

Notice of termination of tenancy.

Ch. 62; ' AgrUyidlwrul Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1888. 46 & 47

The. price of an/entailed land sold under the .provision? Oif,;^ Entail Acts, where such price is entailed estate within the meaning of those. Acts, may be applied by the landlord in respect of) .the remaining portion of the.entailed estate, on in,/respect of any otter estate belonging to him, and entailed upon the same series tof heirs, in payment of any - expenditure and Costs incurred by ^tinilin pursuance of- this Act fbij executing or paying compensation far any improvement mentioned in the first or second parts of the schedule hereto^ ©r-in discharge of-any .charge with which , the estate is bnrdened in pursuance of thi&i Act ini. respect -of suoho^Proven>enti

25. Any company now or hereafter incorporated

or incorporated under the iGompanies Acjbs, and havingr power to ad vanbe! :mdney for - the] improvement of. land, pry f ori tl^ef cnttiyation and farming of daath may makeam advance of money ^upona bond and disposition in security, or upon an assignation* as the f.ca^e may:be; exeeuted rby authocity of ttip.sheriff under the pro.visipns ©f/thisAot/ upon such terms! and conditions, as; may/be agreed upqp between Such company and thQ' personientitledrto suohrcharge.j.jand such-companyi mayiassign. any charge so?acquired,by them;-to any person or persons whomsoever.

26. The sam charged by-jihe .order of an sherifi‘.,under this'jA.ct shall Jbe a/charge on tide .holding ! Or.; the estate of; whipb-xt? ftgc# part-for the landlord's interest. therein, and; for all .interests -therein subsequent to that of the landlord ^provided that the. ehargeflbad iwthextendijbeyQnd. the .interest of-dhp' landlord*., hi©) egecgjjprs, administrators, iaudi/assignees whei^ the. landlord has

hold interest in the holding.

27., .In any case in which the landtprifs rightOi hypomeexor the rent has cease$ and determined — «i

l^en, six months. rent of'ine! holding is aueyanq unpaid, it shall be lawful fori the landlord1 to raise an'aeiibnorrerhdVmg before the shmff against (the, tenant, concluding for his removal0'froin.the holding at the te^.ojtWnitsupaay egr Martinmas nexv^sinng'Mter the action, is p^ought, add unless, the preears of' rehiathbnJjrae .are paid, or caution is. foundto ^tnesatisi^ sheriff f6r the

same, and for .om yearis remt mrme&.YmpshSnff'!ihdy the

tenant to(ren^qve,'^ aisdeh term in the same^manner

as if tb© lease, were"d^ me Jten^taBad, oeen legally

we.the^tormQye.j,..

A tenant so removed shall have tKe-ngbts pt^ an ‘put^&b^.tenant tp,which he;wo:nf<r'l^ if^is.

e^ired at su<^|terijn oi .Whitsunday .or lMrtibinaS.a'1

S^e.usec<>nd, and '-jferjl! sections *bf^.m©,ll£

(Scotland) Ac^are,nmeloyrepealed:and,thenro$si$M!of the fifth, septic»uqi. thp.Apt qt Removing'<jf'mg fpur-

jteent^day.ofJJ^ thohsanJa Wy$ 8^ralS^9nlby-six

i i the.. ' immjt this

sec^n^hQPipetent,:1J." l‘]\. 1 !>

'‘Hotim of> Qkvmi'nati&tc eft gkndtioyi\ - -

28. Ketvrithstanding the exphtitidhJofj|thehti|)'dlat6d'icn€4rance of any lease, the tenancy shall not come to an end unl'es.4 Written

M5

T* & Hbldmfo (ScotlcMd) Act, 1883. Cfi. $)

g$fc|§ has:beehj!giv‘4n by either party to the other of his'intehtion i^'hr'irig1 the tenancy to an end —

llmfify fe-the^cftSe of leases for three yews and^ upwards, not dess 'imiicthaw ohe year, nor more than two years; before the termination Hid the lease :'

In: the* case' of1 leases from year to'-year/or for any other Vflfi |feHod' less than1 three years, not less than six months before h'''-'- the teTinination of the lease, 'd

d F&iBng',Siich;,n6tlce by either party;the lease shall 'fee held to be rihe#ed' by tadlt relocation for another year, and thereafter from y&rtoycAiv'/:

of NOticb by1 thef'landlord to the- tenant under this section shah be frWtfr' '^he1 T farin' and'1 maimer prescribed by "the Sheriff Courts fStftltMiid}I Act;1853,' and* Shall come in place1 of the notice required by^thePMd Act.- t

IWWdfedtlRati nothing contained in this section shall affect the fiptt bfJth6 landlord' to remove a tenant who has been'seqnestrated bft9er''the^B«ttikru^tey (Scotland) Act; 1856/or who by failure to "Jfly IbSPto* 6therwise; has1'incurred any 'irritancyfof fiho^alease,', or other liability to be removed:

ThC^rOtiSiona relative to notice herein contained shall hot apply t$%by%tlpulation hi a- lease entitling the -landlord to, ireaame 'land W^ildMg; planting,' ffeuing/or other purposes, or * to subjects let fer'any ^Staod leSS' than1 a year.

''t'2R',A>. tenant'' may by;'will, or other 1Jtestamentary writing, h^ilmkhis dfeftsd to1 'any person' (Herein-after called ‘ the legatee I"), subject to!the; following provisions: —

*$*.) The lega^flh^j^ bequest to the

JaqdlQrdQ^ bis^iiowrf: agerit within tyenty-ohe days after the ' death'of the tehSht, unless he j! is; prevented by ^ome'iina'xnid-i£§g making, rintimafion 'within.'1 thkt' tiihe, Anil in

H Blllf event he shall. make intimation as soon therq-

: j. affer.

to the landlord or his known agfeAt by the legatee L,7B ' Jaall importAcceptance of the'ibhse^y't^ R*

Sira®9ft? made tb the

jjj JpajofcT orchis rkhqwn'ag^nt^Ke may intimath ib the'leg:atee

as tenant under the lease;

If the landlord or his r makes 'It®, mtima-

"tooh'witmh one month, the le^eshallho^Mhding'dn lHe land-iaj8fl, lordjand the legateetrespectively as landlordhM(tehhht aS3fldin ' Ih^, aate-of the death of Me deeC^a‘ teimht. P Tifc) if the landlord,;or,his ynb'vra 'ag§ntJ i^iaihsit&that he objects loijffikas '^ei^t^iind^ the legatee

4) -j .maypresent. acpetition to the" sheriff, praying ‘.for decree IU0-i d^aring that. he is tenant tinder me lease a,s froih the dam of :jj,. ijje of which'^efition cfiie notice

ifli tp thdlandfdrd,',^rw%iy,etitef^ppeha,fmbe*‘ahd

state* Hi^ouhds of? objection; and if^*aSiy''g^uiid of objection is established to the satisfaction of1 the 'sheriff, he shall declare dhe BequestVto .be null and void; but otherwise on#jfoje.;|shall decern and , declarejn, terms, of the prayer of *the . MJhpetitibilf; m

16 & 17 Vict C. 80.

Request of lease.

<; Gh, 62. ^MuMrd MMi^gs-i^Qdtiand^Act, 1883.! 46 & 47

->iq («.)itniefdecMoa of 1 the?sheriff under such petitioners aforesaid

.shall be final.

(/.) Pending any proceedings under this section, ithe1 legatee; shall have' possession of, the holding, unless the sheriff shall .otherwise direction cause shown.

3 j f^) -: If the legatee does'not-accept-(the bequest,-or dfi the bequest nidJf vffejrdficlaredv to -he . null 'and - void as aforesaid,' the lease shall t'-.i ' descend-to i'the. heir of the^ tenant in- the --same manner !<tsdf j-jbrr i‘. .^thahequbstdiadt not.) beem made* i

j .tfiytures.. j

Tenant's 30- tWbeee after the icounnqncement of ,..this Act:a tenant affixes

P^P^rty m j jfcQj his holding any engine* machinery, fencing, or other.;fixture,'«r maM..-T.Bry) erects any building for which the is. not .under this Act pro othter-, wise; entitled .to compensation, and which is. not so affixed>or erected in pursuance of. some obligation iu-.that behalf .or instead of some fixture or building belonging to the landlord, then such fixture rer building shall hq the .property of, and bei removable by the tenant . before or. within, a reasonable- time after the termination gig the ^tenancy.,

-- | r,ProYided as fo)lo jvs gT-tee-iq

,1. J Befqfe, thft removal of apy^qph .fixture qr building the tgnffnt shall |pay aUprqnt,bwing;by

all his otfibr^oblig^tions., tq. the, landlord in aspect $tgjgjj§e

y ,f,.v .4

i:j; 2, (In. the.£epmyfti- o£tbqten^lj^onofc

c tjSo-jany qypj^ble ,d^iq|^!]^.iany.i»fcl^r building or other , part of tfi a holding 1 r.3.f ^media-tely ffi

* nir tenant ,shall inajne ..goqd. alb0<fopragfjj..qqoa^nfl4idty> ,#y

building or other part o^g|^-?^-by^e rq^pyaU a®

4. The tenant shall not remove any fixture or building without giving one month Vi -previbusnotiee in writing to .the land-L j.lqrd^gf, ^.efjnb?n^if!b ^Shedfe^si^ JfSpgFJbit Wf ,h8 '. V., At any tiipg beforq thejC^ira^iqn ^gi^b tnpbice^hn/lahdlQrd, by notice ip, jfifltet

, ' ,tq purcl}qsq; apyfi^turq qr^buildblg- specifiled.xin the flgtice

., -.. -given' by .the.tepfmt^ j q%?esai4^d^any fixture .pr-budding

‘r>Ci ,J|bm rneq^e^,po^ife^PJlF^Me1^ shalljb§< left ibf; tbpitenant, and , , bh^l!;b^c9nm.the)piF0ipe^ o^i^he |and|o¥4> FbOjthafi pay. the r "I,f|enant,tbft-ffffThTftfefi Aonanteoftthe

;homii^ .apd apy .^ifi^repnei^j-t^the value shall be g§$led .; case, nfi, compensation

''v.fyp'd jtoemovoiqtai v ud lo jbeqaet

'-loA' .at*

Application of 31. This Act sh^)^tejnd Ja^d. a^ly-AOji^ud .b§lqngjpgii teller

knds°.^ Q&.w Qpgra.

& ,WS (tfee^oto-

| -^qrqjpl-.pbpj Majestys qr.Qnq Oof,bfiem>.pr other the proper officer 9Fo)b^4yfiqy:b?gr,charge

: or »P|S j$$Qn as, Mdbqty,: hqr; > . or ^snee^sorg,

1883. & CB.J62. J447

rgiay^poini in writing under tile Royal Sign Manual, shall represent; Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and shall he 'deemed to iht the landlord.

; , ,A>nyf compensation payable under this Act by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land and Revenues, or either of mi Respect of an improvement of the first'class, shell be [[dtenjed to be payable in respect of an improvement of land within ! f section one' of - the Crown Lands Act, 1866, and the amount thereof shall be charged and repaid as in that section provided with respect to the costs, charges, and expenses therein mentioned.

Any compensation payable tinder this Act by those Commis-. afl8ierB; or)Jeither of Uhem; in' respect of all inajfrovembnt Of the ifseeondctass/'or of the third clasd, shall' be'deemed tb' be part 'bf thdoexpenSes of the ^management of the' Land','Rev,emiesrbf‘the !>0wwn}‘and' shall-,be> payable by ^c®efOommiSi5ionSrs ‘Otit of such and in' such manner as the last-mentioned expenses-aie 'by ilaw payable*1

HHp& |tpSvd&m<iBtical'tmd GJva/rity Jjands:

J J32. The:^6#ers BjKtHis Act conferred onf a landlord shall not lie Consents in exercised by ministers in respect of their glebes, exccpt with the case of glebes, ..previous approval in writing of the Presbytery of' the^bounds, and c*

'Shall , fiot be‘ exercised by trustees for ecclesiastical, educational, or '(chafiMble purposes; Except with the previous approval id writing of 3dne°4f fe^Majesty's Prlncipal Secretaries of Stated

33. Subject to the provisions of this Ac]t in relation to Crown, Provision as to charit}^ lands,-» landlord, .whatever may be his hmited owners. Itia^e,bif'ihtere'st ifi'hisrholdingi,-ma^ give, any conseiit, make any agreement, or d^ or have done to himf jsoiy act in r^ako^to im-^pro^ements in respect of wm^ 6pfflpenS^tion is payable under this Att ^ch-Jlh^£ififent^Mv^ ordirdi* have dofie'^6liim if he were

riW ai $efaeTah<Pvew?ddrl8Fo it e

34..This-ActShdlh 6did§Biiift) ‘^drce January

tadlth'duSgind ' wSplt* fehndred1 ahdTrighty-fdh'if,' which aSf i^h'n^this ment of Act. Act referred 'te'Asfdne^eomthencdmerit' of bltiS Actl '*'

f'i®5. ^hthi^thipAdti shall not Application of

thfe' Wholly agricultural or Tvhdlff pastoral,1 qr'iA part a^ricultural, Act. f and I as'to tbdreridufe' drill Vhblebr' iii pari' dulu^ated as a

-nSar^et g^ett, dr !to 'a^ holdifi^ Tdtf W the'feriAM dmifi^his con-'Mttknce'ia &ny' offide,'appoihtbiMt,',dr employihfefit bf 'thAmndlord.

86. Ahy fcdntfdet' <*r! JagieemMt' inSde by*'a tbnantT'^'Virtue of Avoidance of rwhfeh he^d^rivM' of his right 1 t&fder this ,^ons?stent

Act in respect of any improvement spe&ifi&dih -'hereto with Act. (except ah agreement providipa^hckM^enshtion as is by this Act permitted to he substituted for immpeusation under this Act) shall, td far aSit derives Tiim'dfteftbh

nv07. > wMef§ kif incoming thnaat has^With thdbofj^ift in% $ri$ing Kight of,* of his landlord, paid to an

Ad£ ih' r^sbkdf the- wnqle or1 pArt of pr0vement an^-im^owifiehtfshcb‘itod^ing'lieharitshallTiti entitled ofi quitting puf!^edfrom thgtholdMg to claiih^dmliehsAtidh

tftp&riin llke^mahne^,1 if^ht ^11,' t^aiil^Wbtfla have

448

Compensation under this Act to be exclusive.

Provision as to change of tenancy.

General saving of rights.

Consents, &c. not subject to statutes regulating execution of deeds.

Interpretation.

Ch. 62. Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883. 46 & 47 Vict

been entitled if he had remained in the tenancy, and quitted the holding at the time at which the incoming tenant quits the same.

38. A tenant shall not be entitled to claim compensation by custom or otherwise than in manner authorised by this Act in respect of any improvement for which he is entitled to compensation under this Act, but where he is not entitled to compensation I under this Act he may recover compensation under any agreement

or custom in the same manner as if this Act had not passed.

39. A tenant who has remained in his holding during a change or changes of tenancy shall not thereafter on quitting his holding at the determination of a tenancy be deprived of his right to claim compensation in respect of improvements by reason only that such improvements were made during a former tenancy or tenancies, and not during the tenancy at the determination of which he is quitting.

40. Except as in this Act expressed, nothing in this Act shall take away, abridge, or prejudicially affect any power, right, or remedy of a landlord, tenant, or other person vested in or exerciseable by him by virtue of any other Act or law, or under any custom of the country, or otherwise, in respect of a lease or other contract, or of any improvements, deteriorations, away-going crops, fixtures; tax, rate, teind, rent, or other thing.

41. It shall be no objection to the validity of any consent in writing or agreement in writing within the provisions of this Act signed by the party or parties thereto or by any person or persons authorised by him or them that such consent or agreement has not been executed in accordance with the statutes regulating the execution of deeds in Scotland.

42. In this Act —

" Lease " means a letting of or agreement for the letting land for a term of years, or for lives, or for lives and years, or from year to year: f, j , ..

A tenancy from year to year under a lease current at the commencement of the Act shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to continue to be a tenancy under a lease current at the commencement of this Act until the first day after the commencement of this Act, on which either the landlord or tenant of such tenancy could, the one by giving notice tt> the other, cause such tenancy to determine, aind on and after such day as aforesaid shall be deemed to be a tenancy under a contract of tenancy beginning after the commencement of this Act:

" Determination of tenancy " means the termination of a lease by reason of effluxion of time, or from any other cause:$

" Landlord f in relation to a holding means any, person for the time being entitled to receive the rents and profits of or to take possession of any (holding:

"Tenant," means the holder of land under a lease*

" Landlord " or " tenant " includes the executors, administrators, assignees, legatee, disponee, or next-of-kin, husband, guardian, curator bonis, or trustees in bankruptcy, of a landlord or tenant: ,

440

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883. Ch. 62.

, Holding " means any piece of land held by a tenant:

''"Absolute owner " means the owner or person capable of disposing, by disposition or otherwise, of the fee simple or, dominium utile, of the whole interest of or in land, although the land or his interest therein is burdened, charged, or encumbered;

"Person" includes a body of persons and a corporation':

"Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1853," means an Act passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth year of Her present Majesty's reign, chapter eighty, intituled " An Act to facilitate procedure in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland ":$

"Companies Acts " means the Companies Acts, 1862 to 1880, and any Act amending the same:$

"Sheriff" includes sheriff substitute.

The designations of landlord and tenant shall continue to apply to the parties until the conclusion of any proceedings taken under this Act in respect of compensation for improvements.

43. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Agricultural short title of Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883, and shall apply to Scotland only. Act<

SCHEDULE.

PART I.

Improvements to which consent of Landlord is required.

(M Erection or enlargement of building.

(2.)f Formation of silos.

(3.) Laying down of permanent pasture.

(4.) Making of water meadows or works of irrigation.

(5.) Making of gardens.

(6.). Making or improving of roads or bridges.

(7.) Making or improving of watercourses, ponds, wells, or reservoirs, or of works for supply of water for agricultural or domestic purposes.

(8.) Making of permanent fences.

(9.) Reclamation of waste land.

(10.) Weiring or embanking of land and sluices against floods.

PART II.

Improvement in .respect of, which notice to'Landlord is

REQUIRED. 1 '

(11.) Drainage.

BKk rfoue PART III. '

Improvements to which consent of Landlord is not

' ApiQulRED^'' , ''" ' noiJBcmimlsCI

(12!) Boning of land with undissolyed bones.,; |

(13.) Claying of land or spreading blaes upon land.

(14:) Liming 6f land. ‘

(15.)' Marling ofltof ! ' i LLfdhi.v . . ...

(16.) Application to land of purchased artificial or other purchased manure.

(17d Consumption on the holding by cattle; sheep, or pigs of cake or other

feeding stuff not produced on the holding.

Ff

Price 2d.]

GO N TE N T S.

il Table of the titles of the Local and Private Acts

PASSED DURING THE SESSION.

2. List of the LoSL ANiT PAr^ATE A.cts, arranged lit . i Glasses.; ‘ ..

Tables showing the Effect of the Yeae's.j Legis,-

5 RATION.

A) Index to the Public General Statutes.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.. "

LOCAL ACTS.

.The Titles to which the Letter P» is prefixed, are Public Acts of a, Local Character.

i;' A1 N Act for rendering vaHd cerfeili Letters latent granted to William Chetham j; jju -fdr^Jinprovements in! Heff-Aeting Temples for Lodiris/'1 '

P. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act, 1861, relating to Burgh Saint Peter Improvements, situate in the parish of Burgh Saint Peter, in the county of Norfolk.

iii, An Act for the-abandonment of the Rhine df G&lloWay Railway,

ivvr Powers to the -British American LandrConipany.

V. An Act for reviving, and rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Thomas John Jdullmgsfora%ew and improved process for extracting Oil and Pat dh&1 Aily AUd'&tty- matters'ffom-WCdl and ‘ Other substances and the "/apparatus ConUected-therfevdth and applicable thereto.' "J:

Vi. An Act to authoriae^the earayiiig hitncff^tcf<a&arrangement-for dhe-sale to -'‘and'purchase by the Mayor- AldermteA arid Burgessed of-Brighton for the pur-j5ipese of a Public Park* of certain Lands part of- the- Estates in the County of Sussex devised by the Will of William Stanford Esquire and for-other "purposes.

Vii. An Act to confer further Powers on the Swindon and Cheltenham Extension 1B Railway' Company; and forpther purposes.

viii. An Act to continue and amend the Aberdeenshire Roads Act, 1865 and for other purposes.

i-X. An Act-tu provide afor the dissolution of the British Fisheries Society; and. for other purposes.

P. X. An Act to confbmi certamjQrdergjnade by the Board of Trade under the Sea

- -Fisheries Act; J8d8, relating to-Hamford Water, Hunstanton fleBtrange); and Swansea.

Xi. An Act for abolishing the Church -Bate now leviable -in- the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark; for vesting in the Lord Bishop of the diocese the right of ! preseiflrafi©At©jthe Chaplaincy of the Parish Church/ and for other pumoses.

Xii. An Act for reducing the Capital of Price's Patent Candle Company (Limited), and for other'purposes. xiii- An Aeti * iii, viii. * xiv.t<y'confer furtbter poweffl on the South-ie&sterii Railway Company and for oth&ripUrposes? 0"-

xiv. An Aetf^' 'efiftbhh^ -'the3'€JaledOfiiM B^dlway Coffipany to maki- certain Railways in the Counties Stirling and Midlothian; and to abandon - a^c&rtain

Ha

authorised Railway in the County of Lanark; for extending the time (jijw stfuction of certain of their authorised Railways in Lanarkshire; for rel^T I the remainder of a sum deposited by the Callander and Oban Railwayp^ I patty g and for other purposes.

XV. An Act for extending the powers of the Telegraph Construction I

tenance Company Limited; and for other purposes.

xvi. An Act for authorising the Sale of the old Church of Saint Peter (OlifW I in the City of Bristol and of premises connected therewith. )

xvii. An Act for incorporatingv and conferring Powers on the Leatherbead qnd I District Waterworks Company.

P. xviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government I Board relating to the Local Government District of Abertillejry, the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Hprsham and , Penzance Ujiions, the Boroughsjrf Portsmouth and Scarborough, the Local Gpyernment Districts plSliiflev^ Freemantle and Staines, the City of Truro, and the Local Government Dostncts of Walton-on the-Hill and Wimbledon.

P. xix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the General Police tod Improvement (Scotland) Act, 18612' relating toffee Burgh of BroughtyPfey, XX. An Act to extend the time limited by the Swansea Harbour Act l&moi the completion of the Docks Railways and Works by that Act atfthoii^d^ft enable the Swansea Harbour Trustees to raise a further sum of Monfeyforfhe purposes Of their Undertaking; and to annul a certain Agreement bCtwW&fc Swansea Harbour Trustees and the Corporation of Swansea. -P. xxi. An Act to confirm Certain Provisional Orders under the Drainage;M Improvement of Lands (Ireland)'Act,.1863, and the Acts amending:the.same); XXii. An Act to confer further powers on the Ordinary Courts of Directorei of the Scottish Widows' Fund and Life Assurance ^Society.; r XXiii. An Act for amending* the. Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, :187.7l>r XXiv. An Act for enabling the Galedonian and the Glasgow and SonthrTOiem | Railway Companies to execute certain Works and acquire certain'Landa itt&e .-jQgunties of Renfrew, Lanark and Ayr, in connexion with their jGlasgOF, paisley and Glasgow and E^ilmamoek Joint Linasjcf Railway; .and |p^ }<^er purposes.!

xxv. An Act to confer further Powers upon the North London Bailey jOatn-

pany for the acquisition of Lands and th# raising,of Capital j.^nd to^pq^er the London and North-western Railway Cojppany subscribe^.tpw^s dub

jC#pital; and for other, purposes,

xxvi. An Act for amending and extending the Acts rela^mgrf>q

Life. Assurance, Company, and, for, making fur^er proyi$p^re®«| a thereto.

xxvii. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Dock Cqmpanyat Kingston-,c

tipbn-Hull; to confer .further. Powers oh the said ppmpany > and *

Purposes. ® , f* . ''1. ‘ :l ' I'',.' . , q

xxviii. An Act to extend the; powers of the Company GE^o^piietjprh m BambtiR * Waterworks.

TCTciTr. An Act to, amend the Dublin (South) City Market. Acts i87G ani 18$); and for other purposes.

P. XXX. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the LordlaelM^Vof Ireland in' Council, under the Tramways (Ireland) Act/1860, eXtenlingt&e time for the Completion of the Dublin and Blessihgtoh Steam* Tramway si1! J xxxi. An Act for conferring further powefs Upon the Cheshire Liles iGenfflspe jand for other purposes.

Local Acts.

455

1889.

yprii. An Act for .authorising the Portishead District Water Company to construct additional Works and to purchase additional Lands and .for other purposes.

ypriii. An Act for sanctioning a settlement of the claims of the Mortgagees of thfe Exeter Canal against the Corporation of the City of Exeter; for /empowering the Corporation to borrow for the purpose of carrying, into effect such ,T8&4$nemt and of improving the said Canal and for other purposes.

XXXiv. An Act to enable the Corris Railway Company to Use their Railways'for "Passenger Traffic and forothdr purposes.

XXXV. An Act to make provision with respect to the support Of piiblib AeWers ahd'sOfo'age works'in the mining districts in the borOuj^h of Wigan and neighbouring plaices.

xxxvi. An Ac'ftb'bfithorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to raise a^Ldi-tiohal C4pital to kmend their Acts and for other purposes.

XXXVlL An Act for regulating1 the Faculty, o^ Rrocufptors in Fairley; for making provision for the present and . contingent Liabilities thereof; for the distn&iition of the Funds and the ultimate^j^olution ,of'ing. Facidfe: and ror other .relative purposes. xxxviii.,;AninJb for incorporating and.conjfeyring powers, on the JJ^esppren GMtCpmpany, and for othpr purposes , xxxix. An Act to. confirm an Agreeinenttibetween- the. London,. Tilbupy, and Southend Railway, (Company, and the East aud W®fft IndiaDpckjGpmpany, .withiSeference to ,a supply of water and for other purposes.

P. xl. An Act to /Gonfiam certain Provisional Order®'of the Local Government Board forJrelatidjrelating to .the township of Rathmines and Rathgar, and to the towns of Tralee and Warrenpoint. xli. An Act td< enable the Watford Gas and Coke Company to erect and maintain ^additional works to acquire more land and to raise further Capital andicfr '4tker! purposes;'

P. xlii. An Act to eonfirm certain Provisional ^Orders made by the Education '©Apartment ubdOf »t&e ffillfementary Education1 ‘Act, 1$70,' to enable1' thh ISebbol Boards for Cummersdale, Cumberland; Hayfield, Derbyshire; Little Eaton,

'‘©etbyshhe* Stfoftdy Gloucestershire; and TreuddyffFlintshire! W putdn -ffifce l ,thSl^(fei(liaUse's,COnfeOlidation Act[ 1845, and the Acts amending thh SShhe.

P. xlili. Aft 7Act to: 68ft!firm bbH&in Provisional; Order's ftciade by the Bdard of Trade under the^fGeheral Pier and Harboufr Ae't;‘l8Bi,fel4ring%) Itf'&riidss, mml^Pb^threveff/Tr^b, ahfcf WicTf^d(;PUlteney. '

P. xliv. AffAct to confirm aTfb^sibhkl f3rdb'f1of the fiocil'i^bvei^ffient Rbarbi'for Ireland relating to Waterworks in the town of Killarney.

P. Xly. Au^cLto confirm, p, Pro visional Order made by the Ro^d pi Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, l8ol, relating to Whitby.

P. xlvi. Ap Qrdersrmade ^y the. Board ofT^adp.

under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating.^ .Heston ,jQg| Broadstairs Gas, Caine Ferndale Gas, Saint Neots Gas,

Tadcaster and Wethe^y District Gas, Swanage Gas r and Water, and Ystrach -.Q^a^pd ;Watep»vi

P. xlvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional, Orders ipade by the. Loafd ofTrwle under, the/ j^ramvrcyfi'^b 1870, relating to Birmingham - and, Weston* District , Tr^m^ye-,.

. Oldham, Ashton-under-Lyne, Hyde and District Tram wa>&$P^th, Birmingham Tramways, and Southend-on-Sea, and District Tramways.

Table of the Statutes. 46 & 47 VICr I

I p. xlviii. An Acfc4o confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board-ofiTra^ I I * auiider the Gas and Waters Works-FaeilitieS Act/11B70, relating to BlaBdforij| I District Water; Famborough District Water, Gosport Water, Herne Bay -Water I Newmarket Water,-Newport and Pdllgwenlly Water, and Pontypridd Water, r vliy. An Act, fon.conferring farther powers on the Hounslow and Metropolitan ' Railway Company; and for. other purposes.

1. An Act for empowering the Local Board of Health for the Distriet ef Werkiiig. I ton in the County ;of Cumberland to take water from r thefKBiverrDerweirti% I construct Waterworks and to supply water and to enable theiGockermouth tad I Workington Joint Water Committee and the said Local iBoard to agree for the I .. transfer to the said Local Board of the undertaking of the* said Joint Committee I and for other purpose. li» An Act to., vary a^dextynd the .powers of, the East London Railway. .Com. pany in respect of the . Railway authorised by . the Hast London Railway Act .1882 to expedite the opening of a connexion by Railway,between, the North .and South sides of tfyeRiver Thames and for other purposes., lii. An Act for amalgamating the Llynvi and Ogmore Railway Company with the Great Western Railway Company1, liii. An Act for rendering valid pertain Letters Patent .granted to Joseph Law and Henry Law for " Kaprovements ifi Appliances for Beating hardemagrand " tempering wire used in the manufacture of Cards for' Carding Fibfesi7ic ;i liv. An Act to authorise the 'Cambrian Railways Gbrnpariy-ty extend, tiheir Pier and Works at Aberdovey

Hotels and Befreshincnt Rooms in connexion with their -Railfvajrt to establish Savings Banks:and.fob other purposes- so lv. An Act for authorising^the-Downham^and Stoke! Ferry -Railway Gempaaytto extend their Railway to Gooderstoneito raise., further money and dbr^ottep purposes.

lvi. An Act for jthe sale and transfer to the Gi'eat Eastern Railway Company of the Undertakings of the Tendring Hundred Railway Company randvofife Clacton-on-Sea Railway j Company f and for othen purposes. ( lyii. An Act to provicle for. the.iGmivpxsion of Statutable Securitiefoffhe-iGoE-poration of Sheffield intoi Corporation Stock; to make better^provisiontiand i enlarge the powers of i the Corporation. with respect,ito sanitary matters and ! matters of Local Government Police; and the Administration.of Justice;nto authorise the Corporation to raised Money for Tramway, purposes and for Loaisi to certain public bodies within the Borough; .^nd for other purposes.., U lviii. An Act for transferring, to the: Rural Sanitary Authority, for the rural' sanitary district of the Chesterfield TJnjon in the,.t county of Derhy the . under- | taking of the Staveley Waterworks Company and for the. dissolution/of, that j Company and for other purposes, lix. An Act for amending the provisions of the Belfast, Harbour. Acts respecting' the constitution and election Af the Belfast Harboiir Commissioners ; ahdfor conferring on the said Commissioners further Powers in ‘relation- to ¥ietaria Park; *and for other purposes, lx* An Act to extend the Municipal Boundary of the City ‘df»Aberdeen'^*)

. authorise' the Town Council to -ihake- new streets/execute certaih stteeilim-provements, and construct a connecting railway to the Gasworks; and for other purposes.

lxi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South-westim Railway Company for the construction of Works and the acquisition of hands and for vesting in them the Saint-Enoch Station at Glasgow and for empo'vier' ing them to raise Additional Capital and for bther purposes.

Local Acts.

1883.

i^rii An Act to extend the Borough of Longton and to make further provftiorf for the Improvement and good Government of the Borough and for other purposes.

Ixih. An Act -for enabling the North-eastern Railway Company to make new Railways and for conferring additional Powers on the Company in relation to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies; and for otheiM purposes; ' ' ' ' ‘ ' '1

Ixiv. An Act -to-authorise the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company-to raiBe'further Capital and for other purposes. lXV, An Act to enable the Wrexham Mold* and Connah's Quay Railway Company to make New Railways to raise further Capital and1 for other purposes/'

Ixvi. An Act to authorise the Glasgow Yoker and Clydebank Railway Company to make a Bail way in the Parish of Govan and for other purposes. 1 IXvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company and' for other purposes, i lxviii. An Act to authorise a Railway in Alloa Parish from the'North British Railway to the'Alloa Railway; to confirm an agreement1 as to- running powers, &c.; to extend to ships not freighted the obligation of the North British Railway-Company to tow ships freighted under the Tay Viaduct; and for other purposes.

lxix. An Act to . enable the President Vice-Presidents -Treasurer and Governors o£< the Asylum for the'Deaf and Dumb-Poor to acquire'by" Agreement and to holdvthe fee simple and inheritance of the site of* the Institution and premises in the-Old-Kent Road and for* other purposes. -lxx. An Act to consolidate with amendments the Local Acts and Orders1 in' force in the Borough df Birmingham and for other purposes '1 lxxi. An Act to make better provision in relation to the gas and water'supply health local government and improvement of the borough of- Heywood tho borrowing of money and for othfer purposes.' re lxxii. An Act for-making further Provision respecting the continuation already , authorised of Pall Mall and Bay Street in the city of Liverpool; and for other -purposes.

lxxiii. An Act for more effectually protecting from) Inundation by the Sea and for'otherwise improving'the Island of Canvey1 in the County of Essex and for other purposes.

lxxiv. An Act for repealing and re-enacting portions' of the Acts and Order relating to the Harbour* of Penzanee and for other purposes.

Ixxvj An Act to authorise the Bristol Port and Channel Dock Company create arid issue a New Debenture Stock and for other purposes] -lxxrvi. An Act to 'confer further powers with respect to the Borrowstounhess Harbour; and for other purposes. lxXvii. An Act to-amend and extend the Acts rearing to the Borough of Burnley and to make* further provision for its Local Government and lmpfdve-ment to authorise the Construction of new Waterworks and for other purposes, lxxviii. An Act for conferring , further powers on; the Corporation Of Nottingham with‘respect to street improvements and to the Supply of water and gas and to other matters of locals government-for making further provisions With (respect to certain allotments and roads in the borough and for * other purposes. lxxix. An Act to make provision for regulating the navigation of ^ie Biyer Thames between Cricklade in the county of Wilts and Yantlet Creek in the county of Kent and to confer farther powers on the- Conservators of the Rbfer Thames and for other purposes relating thereto. & - 4|

Table of the Statutes.

46 & 4Y V

P. lxxx. An Aefc bo confirm certain Orders of the Local Government ,Tw>»a

flio nrnviflimia nf +.Via Tilvif\P.fl Pfl.riahpa . Pa/\« T k_n 7

the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act

a o* r» rvi rvrl AMtfl . A V4" AV» ri O/i - rvTT . 4-r»rv |J/\n« T K 1_ r-» W *-v . ImC

as amended and extended Toy the Poor Law Act, 18*79, and the!

Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the '

Brafield-on the-Green, Brentor, Gairau, Glungunford, Cogenhoe or CWv'°'

Courteenhall, Gwmcarvan, Great-Hough ton, Hope Mansell, * Horton, Lamerton, Lew-Trenchard, Little-Honghton, Llandough-,i

Llangeinwen, Lower Slaughter, Miehaelstoue^superTEly, Mitchel-Troy^Bewte

thl L ‘vni.. t^hu. _ — 1 — fiJ 'r"‘ 1 — — _ -

ton-Bagpath, Newland, Owlpen, Pennarth, Peteratone-super-Lly^ Beter-'j^ 1 Boad. or Bode, Buardean, Saint Bride-super-Bly, Saint Fagans, Tavist*^ Thrushelton, Upper-Slaughter, Walford, 'Whitchurch, and Wootton. tT^ft

. Townships of Brimington, Olaylane, CoaL Aston, Morton, ISiorth-'Wingto, 1 Pilsley, Tapton, tinstone, and- Woedthorpe, and to the' Tything of Lea-haWey.' 1 P. lxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government I Board under the provisions of the- Boor Law Amendment' Act.'ilSQSi,)^ amended by the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868; and extended by thefeot 1 Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Birmingham and Lambeth/ ne-.

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm a> Provisional Order of the Local GoveTnmfintilowA 1 under the Highways and Locomotives' (Amendment) Act, 1-878, relatingh>% 1 county of Dorset.

P. lxxxi ii. An Act. to confirmv Provisional Orders of the Local Government Bo*4 1 for Ireland relating to the towns of Carlow and Listowel, and/ 'to the i^feVi- 1 townards Gas Undertaking.

P. lxxxiv. An Act to confirm the- iHrovieional Order for the mdosureucAvfe \ Common Melds and. Pastures, situate in the parish of Hildersham, in thecoiffity H of Cambridge, in pursuance of a .Report of the ./Land Commisaiehexe/.i® W England. . - / w li -.\ . I

P. lxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage iM, | 1861, relating to Didcot Improvements, situate in, the: several; parishes^ Bid#; I East Hagbourne, and Long Witteniham, and in the. ehapelry o«£ Applefttlh the parish- of Sutton Courtney,iih the -county of Berks. 1 d. nt .tt

P. lxxxvi. An Act to provide for the repair and maintenance of certaiti.

in the New Forest in the county ofi Southampton.- > ‘ 'y

P. lxxxvii. An Act to provide, for the repair .and maintenance of certainBigkMji in the Forest of Dean in the county, of Gloucester. t-idto

lxxxviii. An Act to confirm certain- Provisional Orders under the I)r*k«| and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863, and. the Acts, amending J same.

P. lxxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of 'the Local Gqvoths Board relating to the /Improvement .Act -District' o£'Befehesda,the/Bor^ Darlington, the Evesham Joint Hospital District,4he Faversham JoihlrHjS District, the Improvement Act District of Hington, the Lower--Thames^ Main Sewerage District,- the Boroughs of Maldon and Sandwiehy the Government Districts of Torquay, and Wanstead and Woodford..

P. xc. An Act to confirm Certain Provisional Orders of the Local Qoverjtoerf relating to the Bural Sanitary District of the Barnet Union,the LocahJ ment Districts of Brentford, Ghilvers Goton, and iNuneaten, the -.SSfoi Main Drainage District, the: Borough of Stratford-upon-Avon, the Bn tary District of the uSteoud Union, and the . Local Government © Wellington (Somerset)*

V. xci. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Qovertvn. relating to the Borough of Leeds. a

Local Acts.

459

T

| \m

ii. An Act toconfirma Provisional Order of the Local Government Boardfor ? belaudt relating to. Waterworks in the city of Limerick.; -

! (viii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of I - Trade'under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to South Shields Corporation Tramways, and Wolverton and Stony Stratford Tramways. i

An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of one of Her Majesty's Principal 1 " Secretaries of State for the improvement of an unhealthy area situated at Saint ^Oeoigfe-in^the-East, within the Metropolis, p XCVk' An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of one of Her Majesty's Principal *' /Secretaries of State for the improvement of an unhealthy area situated at Lime-jhoude, within the Metropolis, p, Xcvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of .State for' the improvement of an unhealthy area situated on Lambeth, within the Metropolis. < p, xciii An. Adt to confirm^ a Provisional Order of, one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the improvement of an unhealthy area situated at Greenwich, within the Metropolis.

P. xcviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the burgh of; Fraserburgh.

P. xcix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating' to1 the Boroughs of Kingston-upon-Hull and Leeds, and the - District of Weston-super-Mare.

C. An Act to authorise the Anstruther and Saint Andrews Railway Company to ; construct am extension of their authorised Railway to join the Saint Andrews /Branch I Railway of the North 'British Railway; -and for other purposes. ciii An Act toienable the Maryport and Carlisle Railway Company to reduce the Maximum Tolls and Rates chargeable upon their Railways and to make such JrMucedt Tolls and:Rates permanent and binding on the Company. cii.An Act for authorising the; Construction; of a Dock at Seafield in the County Fife1 with Railways thereto and for other purposes, i ciii. An Act to enable the Corporation of Brighton to raise further Moneys for their Waterworks Undertaking, civ. An Act to authorise the construction of Tramways in the Township of Bkckrock and in the Township 'of Kingstown in the County of Dublin a.nri for other purposes.

CVj iAn Act for the* construction of a Tramway from Gastlederg to Victoria Bridge m thet County of'Tyrone, and for other purposes.

CVi. An Act to make , further provision respecting the borrowing of Money by the Corporation ‘ of Glasgow and for other purposes. cVil. An Act to- authorise the Gre&t Eastern Railway Company to construct 1 'Additional Railways and to improie parts of thhir existing Railwayin'the 'Oouhty'ofEssex; to construct.a Graving Dodk at Harwich; to: execute other ‘wotks; to purchase additionahlandst and to exercise 'further powers; and for other purposed. !>

CviliJ Aim Act to enable the Wrexham Mold and-Connah's Quay Railway Com* ipany tdiconfeolidate' their) debehture and other stocks and share capital and'to raise afutther sum ofmoneyfortheir Undertaking and for other purposes.-ciXi^Ain'Adt tb alter and.amend tife Acts relating to the Alliance and Dublin t<Comumdrs' f Gas Company; to-enable, that Company to acquire1 further lands, to raise additional capital; and for other purposes. i m ' 'm ''1 cjjtpoffii Act for empowering; the London and North+western Railway Company to construct New Railways and for vesting -in them the Undertaking of the Lancashire Union Railways Company and for other purposes.

460

\Table of the Statutes, 46 & 47 Ym

Cxi. An Act to confer additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of Railways and other. Works and the Acquisition of Lands: for Confirming Agreements with other Companies: -for raising fiirtw " Capital: and for other purposes* '

cxii. An Act for -authorising * the amalgamation of the Undertakings »f xfche : Portsmouth Street Tramways1 Company the Gbsport Street Tramways Company and the General Tramways Company of Portsmouth Limited and; for other purposes.

CXiil. An Act to authorise the making of a Railway in Wiltshire tb he called - the Pewsey and Salisbury Railway.

cxiv. An Act to authorise the construction of the Kirkcaldy and District Tramways, in the County of Fife; and for other purposes.

CXV. 'An Act ‘"for the transfer of the Undertakings of the Ribble Navigation Company to the Mayor Aldermen ^and Burgesses of the Borough of1 Predton and to'enable them to improve the River Ribble and1 the Navigation thereof and to construct Docks and other works at Preston and for extendingvthe Borough of Preston and for other purposes:

OXVi. An Act to confer further * powers on the Church1 Fenton Cawood jind Wistow Railway - Company; and Tor1 other purposes.

CXVii. An Act for making a Railway from Billinghay to Metheringham in the -'County of Lincoln; and for-other purposes.;

cxviii. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Cleator and i Workington Junction'Railway Company for the Extension of their Railways; and'foriother purposes.

oxix. An Act- to amend the Halesowen and Bromsgrove Branch Railways (Act,

" -1865; and for other purposes;

CXX.- An Act to confer further Powers on the Swindon and Cheltenham Extension Railway Company; and for Other purposes; fcXXL Ah1 Act for granting further Powers to the Swindon MarlbOrough and Andover Railway Company; and for other purposes. '

CXXii. An Act tofrfbvide for the !&ieJ "and Appropriation of portions' of Ccftiin lands in the Township of Southcoates in the Parish of Drypool in; the- Borough J of Kingston-hpdn-Uull known as. the! Drypool Parish Burial 'Ground1^! theT application of thd moneys hrlsing frond 'Siibh Sale and fob other purpb'st^ p.Yxiii An Act for making, a Canal from .the Harbour of East Tarbert to! West Loch Tarberfi in the County 'of Argyll,* and Works* in cOnnbction j thermth, ^ud for Other purposes.; cxxiv. An Act to provide., fp^ ihc.-ahphtion oi thp^yipar's Rate kyiapl^ in^ie Parish of the Holy !frihity; |

an Income for the Vicar from other spyrccs and fpy pthpr relative piffftDgfxo CXXV. An Act to enable^the Mayor, Aldermen and burgesses of ,thp,^Boj:opgfe^i Cork to raise a further Sum of Money for the purposes ,of the fridges Works authorised by the; Cork, Improvement Act, 1875. , , cxxvi. An Act to authorise.,the Saint Helens- and District .Tramways Compapy tb-construct additional Tramways to use Steam or Mechanical-Power ((upon their Tramways to abandon parts of their authorised Tramways and for.o^1' purposes.

cxxvii. An Act to make, further and other Provisions as to. the: Subscription by the Belfast and Northern: Counties Railway Company to- the Undertaking of the Limavady and Dungiven Railway Company; and as . to the appointment of Directors of the Ballymena Oushendall and Redbay Railway Company! and for other purposes,

Local Acts.

461

! m

CXXViii. An Act to revive and extend the Time limited by the Ballymena loOushendall and Redbay Railway Act 1878 for the compulsory talcing of Lands i and 'toiextend the Time limited'by that Act for the completion of the Railway thereby authorised; and for other purposes., cxxix. An Act to consolidate , the Capital of the Didcot Newbury and Southhampton Junction Railway Company; to change the Name of the Company;

and for oilier purposes.

CXXX. An Act for amalgamating the Londonderry and Enniskillen Railway uiGompany with the Great Northern Railway; Company (Ireland). p.CXXXI. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Boards of i)Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Aldershot and FarnboroUgh Tramways Extensions, Bradford Corporation Tramways, Hartlepool Tramways, Liverpool Corporation Tramways, Macclesfield Tramwaysy and North Stafford-I wflMre1 Tramways.

P. cxxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the ^Education Depart-itoenti (Under the Elementary Education Act, 1870,. to enable the School Board

for London to . put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

P. cxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board iitofifTrade under the Tramways: Act, 1870* relating to Colchester. Tramways, Halifax and District Tramways,. Oxford Tramways Extensions, -Rhyl, Yoryd,

andfPlaatirion Tramways, Spen. Valley and District Tramways, and Yarmouth aadGorieston Tramways Extension.

P. cxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board Trtmder;.thB-;pravisiotis:of: theuGas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, and . the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to the Local. Government District ;of Vifflestining.

J P. cxxxv. An Act to confirm, certaini Provisional Orders of the, LocaLGovernoaeot (^Board .relating to the Borough; of Cheltenham, the Local-Government District of Croydom<the Borbugh-iof; Dorchester, the Rural Sanitary District-of, jpe Rendon Union, and the LocaL Government. Districts of Malvern and Willpn-,ballf

P. cxxxvi. An Act to cpnfirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government . Board, relating to the Local, Government District of Ash ton-in-Makprfield, the JBpirough of Ashton-under-Lyne and the Lo<^ Government Districts of D.ukin-.field and Hurst, the. Boroughs of Burnley and Doncaster, the Town of Hove, the Local Government ' District' of Hucknall-rmder-Huthwaite, the Improvement Act District, of/LlemdudncL the Borough of Middlesbrough,]the Port of Newport (Moh^the Borough of Rochdale and the Local GovermAent Districts ‘Suttoh-in-Ashfield and West HAim .? CxXxvii. An Act ttfcftnfirm'Yertrih Provisional Ofders of the'Local Govem-.'tt'ent Board relating to the Local Government District of Bognor, the Borough 6f ChAltenMfn, the'. Improvement Act District of Chiswick,rthe 'Borotgh. of ; Plymouth; thA Local GoVernihCnt District of Skipton^the BotPugh Of Stockton and the Local'GOyernment District of South Stocktdn*, and the'Local Govem-ls meut Dfiljfihts'df Strhufi and Wallasey.*'1 *< cxxxviii. An Act1 to confii^'certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the pfo9isidnsjof the Divided PArishes and- Poor Law Amendment Act, ^'1876* as *ahieteided! ^and extended i by^tihe Poor-Law Act, 1879, relating to .the Parishes of Black-Torrington;. Bradford; Bridgerule-East, Carhampton,) Dod->. .ingfcon, Fulwood) HaghrHampton) Hinders-Lane-‘and-Dockham,;HolfQrd, Monk^ jj silver, Old^Glevey PancrasWeek, iPleasley^ Borloek, Pyworthy, Selworthy, Stogumber, Sutcombe, Upper-Langwith, and Withy combe; to the Townships

4,62 Table ojfsthe Statutes. 46 & 47 Vior

; of East-Dean, Hucknall-under-Huth waite, and Sut ton-in-Ashfieldi; and, to the Tything of Lea-Bailey QYYTn'v. An Act for conferring'further powers on the Plymouth and Dari®flj)j Railway Company for the eonstruction of Works the raising of Money<4nd yy '.otherwise in relation to their Under taking and for providing for the distribution of the proceeds of the sale of a portion of the - Undertaking of the Oompaayltod for other purposes.

nxl: An Act to extend the time for eonstructingithe Coventry and DistrictTram-. ways'and to; empower the Coventry and JMstmct Tramways Company to raise additional Capital.

rarli- An Act to extend the time for, constructing the Gateshead and District Tramways and to empower the'Gateshead and District Tramways Company to raise additional Capital.

cxlii. An Act for authorising the North London Tramways Company to, abajyjon the Construction of a portion of their Authorised Undertaking and to ,use Steam or Mechanical Power for working their Tramways, cxliii. An Act to authorise the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Rapway and Dock Company to construct New Railways and, other Works "to amend the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes, cxliv. An Act for extending the Boundaries of the Borough of Hartlepool, and ,for other purposes.

cxlv. An Act for conferring further Powers upon the London and * Northwestern Railway Company in connexion with. their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company in resect Jltff their North Union Railway and upon $the Lancashire Union Railways i Company in respect of their Undertaking and for other purposes. '' cxlvi. An Act for authorising the Rhondda and' Swansea Bay Railway Comp&iy to extend their Railway to Swansea1 and for other purposes, cxlvii. An Act to amalgamate the Undertakings of the Norwood (Middlesex) and Snnningdale District Water Companies; and for other purposes.10$ CXlviii. An Act for Authorising the Dumbarton Water Commissioners'tojm&ke and nifl.intifl.in additional Waterworks; for regulating the Streets and Buildings within the Burgh 6f Dumbarton1; and for othfef- purposes, cxlix. An Act to dissolve the Stoke-upon-Trent and Fenton Joint Gas Committee and fop' other purposes.

An Actiio ektend the time1 limited for the compiilsory pufeh^; of landstind houses and completion of the railway and works adihoriseti by the Ramse/and Somersham Junction! Railway Act 1875 and for other purposes. cli. An Act to authorise the,Lydd Ranw^y,C(oinpany ,to make(a Railway.from Loose to Headcom in the County of Kent tq^e further ;ijmrposes,

olii An Act to authorise the Cork and Kenmare Railway Company,to cops^'ct Railways in substi,tution for portions; of those authorised, by,.jibe Corkand . Kemnare Railway Actil.SRX tq ab^ind0?! ,sp,much (of the Railwaysaui&o^sed by that Act as, will, be rendered unnecessary by .reajson of, the consjruction.jQf the substituted Railways tot alter certain prqvisions of th,e said Act, as, fit} Borrowing powers and Baronial Guarantee, and for other ,purposes. , cliii. An Act for making s Railway from Ballina to Killala and, a HarRopr at Killala in the County of Mayo and for other purposes, eliv. An Atitto confer further powers on the Banbury and Cheltenham Direct Railway Company for the construction of Works and the raising of money; and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

m

-iV/AhAct to grant traffic- facilities to the Central Wales and Carmarthen ^Junction Railway Company.

0$ (An Act to authorise the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation-to construct upoeks, Quays, Roads, Tramways; a Railway, and other Works at and con-wilftdted ^ithj the Harbour of Glasgow and the-River Glyde^ and to borrow uMO&ey S1 and- for other purposes.

civil* An Act to authorise the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway ui^Snpany to construct new Railways and other works and to confer further Rovers upon that Company: in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes.

pltiii.1 AAActfor the Establishment and Regulation of a Market*'tod* called /'TflMirigton Market in the parish of St. Mary Paddington in the County of Middlesex and for other purposes.

Clijfc An Act to confer further powers upon the Borough of Portsmouth Watter-1 Company for the construction Of1 works and the raising Of inbue^ to . extend, their limits for the supply of Water and for other purposes, clx, An Act to confer further poyers bn the Southsea Railway Cdmpany1 for the consiruction of new and the completion of their authorised Railways and r to conffim an Agreement bety ebh. that Company and the London and South Western Railway Company: To provide for the abandonment Of certain Roads .authorised by the London Brighton and South Coast Railway (Variods Powers) Act 1882; and for other pubpo&eS.^' clxi. .Ap. Ap|rto .emppwerjtiie Taff Vale Railway Company to constrict, a new to.^acquire additional Lands and.to raise further Capital and for OTher^purposps.

Cl^. An Act pnable the Limepck Waterworks Company to construct additional Works and to ^ise additional .Capital and fqr oti^er .purpose^, clxiii. An Act .for/incorporating the Newborough Drainage Commissioners .and for conferring on them Powers for the,Purchase .of Land for Drainage Works ,>f3^4brlthO;Eorro'|wing,of Money and for Amending ,th© Newbo^ough Drainage Mti ,3-nd, for, Qthqc- purposes, g clxiv. An Act for constituting^ separate Canal Undertaking and Capital of the ;rB§gent)S jC|anal pity and Mocks Railway Company; and for other purpo^es^ Clxv. An Act for empowering the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough l[fQfAjP^tem°uth, to construct a Wharf, and. other Works at Landport in the : Borough, of ^&t^ouhh in the, county of Southampton and for other purposes, film An Act for incorporating the East and West Vorkshire tJnion Railways Company, and for other purposes.

Clsyii. Ah‘Act ib' ebhfer 'further powers upon the South London Tramways company And fbf' Other purposes.

Clxviii. An Act to. authorise the Hastings and Saint Leonards Gas Company %hAise further Capital and1 for- Other purposes.

Clxii. An Act for hbMerring further PoWers With'relation to the Lancashire-had Yorkshire Railway and the PrCston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes, dxx. An Act for the Abandonment of the Market Deeping Railway, clxxi. An Act to amend1 the;P6wers -of the Cork Harbour Commissioners with respect to Rates and Dues and for other purposes.

clxiii. An Act for the granting of . Further Powers to the Ipswich Gaslight Company. "k">

Clxxiii. An Act for suppressing the; sinecure Rectory of Sock Dennis in the ' County of Somerset and providing for the application of the Tithe Rent-charge thereof.

\Table.of the Statutes. 46 & 47 Yicj

clxxiv. An Act to amalgamate the Undertakings of the Croydon Tramways, Company and the Norwood District Tramways Company, and to authorise the of construction of new Tramways in and near Croydon and Norwood, in the county of Surrey; and for other purposes, clxxv. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own and other Undertakings to enable thein to acquire the Undertaking of the Hatfield and St. Albans Railway Company and for other purposes, clxxvi. An Act for making a Railway to be called " The Lambourn Valley Railway," and for other purposes.

ClXXVii. An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Board of Works to alter and ure-construct Hammersmith Bridge; for providing for the free use by the Public of the East and West Ferry Roads in the Parish of Poplar in the . A County of Middlesex; and for other purposes.

cixxviii. An Act for 'ensiling the Metropolitan Board of Works to .make certain New Streets and Street Improvements in the Metropolis and for other purposes.

clxxix. An Act for the transfer of the Newport Dock Company's Undertaking "to the Alexandra (Newport and1 South Wales) Docks and Railway Company and to empower that Company to make a New Lock and other works and for other purposes.

Clxxx. An Act to authorise the Pontypridd Caerphilly and Newport Railway Company to construct a Railway in the County of Monmouth and for "oth^r " purposes.

Clxxxi. An Act for incorporating the Ha warden and District Waterworks Opm-pany and for conferring Powers on that Company; and for other purposes. clxxxii. An Act to authorise the Staines and West Drayton Railway CompiiSp to divert a portion of their authorised Railway near Staines, and to extend the same into the'Town of Staines; and for other purposes.

Clxxxiii. An Act for incorporating the Skegness Chapel St. Leonards and Alford Tramways Company and authorising them to construct a Traifaway from Skegness to Bilsby in the parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln and

for other purposes. ..... i 1

P. clxxxiv. An Act.to transfer to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaijeeilof State the powers vested in the Admiralty and the Board df Ordnaiwr in relation to gunpowder magazines and stores in the River Mersey, and amend the Acts relating to those magazines and stores,

clxxxv. An Act for rendering Valid .certain Letters Patent granted to Htrbeffc John Haddan for Improvements in Electric. Lamps, clxxxvi. An Act for authorising the construction of a tailway in the Caiinty of Kent to be called the Bexley Heath Railway and for other purposes. | clxxxvii. An Act for incorporating, the BorOugh of Portsmouth KihgstOn J&attoijt and Southsea Tramways Company : and' for .empowering them to construct Tramways: and for other purposes, clxxxviii. An Act for authorising the London and South- western, Railway Company, to construct new Railways in the Counties of. Southampton and Dorset and to widen part of; their Ringwood Christchurch and Boufnemouifc Railway and jointly with the Midland Railway Company to construct^ new Railway in the County of Dorset; and for others purposes, clxxxix. An Act for authorising the London and South-westemuRailway Company to make new1 railways and deviations and widenings of railways and other works and to. purchase additional lands and for conferring other powers upon them in relation to their own and other undertakings; for empowering

Local Acts.

IP

465

- ' (He^mpany and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company to i'cCnStruct a railway and to acquire lands and to exercise other powers; for the 1 I s&Te bi‘l £Ctnal'gamation to or with the undertaking of the Company of the Salisbury and ,Dprjset Junction Railway; tp empower the Company to construct I fcBttairi1 Railways of the North Cornwall Railway Company and to appoint a | director of and take and hold part of the capital of that Company; for the sale ,u$t%'ase to'the Company and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company Of the Southsea Railway; for authorising and varying or annulling '? ^beemOntd ‘ Between the Company and other Corporations bodies Companies and persons; and for other purposes.

CXc. An Act to, authorise the Mersey Railway Company to raise additional capital 'and forotpCr purposes.

Cxci. An Act to amend the Metropolitan District Railway Act ,1881; and. for other purposes in relation thereto.

CXCII. An Act for incorporating the Windsor and Eton Waterworks Company 'tod'ior vesting in them the Windsor and Eton Waterworks and for other purposes.

CXCIII. An Act to authorise the Great Western Railway Company to make and 'fi'aintain certain Railways and Works; For vesting in the Great Western Railway Company the Undertakings of the Stratford-upon-Avon Railway Compatiy and the Watlington and , Princes Risborough Railway Company; For ' epnmming Agreements between, the Great . Western Railway Company and 'other Companies; and for other purposes.

CXCIV. An Act for making a Railway from Barrmill to Kilwinning and for.other 1 piiiposes.

cxcv, An Act io^authorise the Construction and Maintenance of a Graving Dock, and other Works in connexion therewith, at King's Lynn, in the , County of J Norfolk.

CXCVI. Ap, Act to extend the "time fori the completion of - the Freshwater -Yar-moUihfand^Newort Railway and f@r the purchase: of land therefor; to authorise the Freshwater Yarmouth and. Newport Railway Company to raise additidlial capital and for other purposes, cxcvii. An Act to authorise the construction and maintenance of a Dock atiihe mouth of the 'River Ogmore and1 of ia railway- aqueduct and othetf works in , connexion therewith in the County of Glamorgan and for other purposes.' CXCviii. An Act for incorporating the South Hayling Bridge Company and for empowering them to cpnstruetai Bridge dver the. LSngstorie Channel "between Sayling Island'and Southsea-Jwith) approach-.roads tb®dto in the County- of ,&uthampton. ami /or ,other purposes.

exeix. An Act. to authorise- the/Eastern and Midlands Railway Company to construct new; Works and for, other piirpbses;

CQ. An Act, to enable;,the Barnet j District, Gas and Water Company extend their limits of Water Supply; 'tqhonSfcruct new Waterworks;rto eXteUd their Gas Works; and-to rai^e,.additional Capital; amdtfor other purposes.-'

Cci. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Pier Head and other works in npWripviori -therewith at the? seaward end of the Chain Pier Brighton in the county of .Sussex; to, enable the Company to hold shares in the Chain Pier Company; to acquire %the undertaking of the Chain Pier Company; and for ojjherpurpos.es. j a , : i-oa ::$

ceil An Act for incorporating the Hols worthy and Bude Railway Company, and authorising them to make and maintain the Holsworthy and Bude Railway, and for other purposes.

464

\ Table,of the Statutes. 46 & 47 Ytcj.

clxxiv. An Act to amalgamate the Undertakings of the Croydon TraaliT!»jk Company and the Norwood District Tramways Company, and to authorise the construction of new Tramways in and near Croydon and Norwood, in th§ county of Surrey; and for othpr purposes, clxxv. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Great Northern Rahway Company with respect to their own and other Undertakings to enable them to /acquire the Undertaking of the Hatfield-and St. Albans Railway Company and for other purposes, clxxvi. An Act for making a Railway to be called^‘/ The Lambourn Valley I Railway," and for other purposes, clxxvii. An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Board of Works to alter and ,re-construct Hammersmith Bridge; for providing for the free use by the Public of the East and West Ferry Roads in the Parish of Poplar jbr the .* County of Middlesex; and for other purposes.

clxxviii. An Act for Enabling the Metropolitan Board of Works to .make certain New Streets and Street Improvements in the Metropolis and forbtlier purposes.

clxxix. An Act for the transfer of the Newport Dock Company's Undertaking "to the Alexandra'(Newport''and1 South Wales) Docks and Railway Company and to empower that Company to make a New Lock and other works and for other purposes.

clxxx. An Act to authorise the "Pontypridd Caerphilly and Newport Railway Company to construct a Railway in the County of Monmouth and for uo%r - purposes.

clxxxi. An Act for incorporating the Hawarden and District Waterworks Company and for conferring Powers on that Company; and for other purposes, clxxxii. An Act to authorise the Staines and West Drayton Railway Con^E^ to divert-a portion of their authorised Railway near Staines, and to exteifdfiie same into the'Town of Staines; and for other purposes. clxxxiiLAn Act for incorporating the Skegness'Chapel -St. Leonards‘^and Alford Tramways Company and authorising them to construct a Traihway from Skegness to Bilsby in the parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln-and for other purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act to transfer to one of Her Majesty's Principal SecretarjeSlof State the powers vested in- the Admiralty and the Board df Ordnaiwita relation to gunpowder magazines and ^stores in the River Mersey, and Airiend the Acts relating to those magazines and stores, clxxxv. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Herbert John Haddan for Improvements in Electric.Lamps,

clxxxvi. An Act for authorising the-construction of a railway in the Ccygnjy of !

Kent to be called the Bexley Heath Railway and for other purposes;,ia< clxxxvii. An Act for incorporating, the Bordugh-of Portsmouth Kingston JVattoa and Southsea Tramways Company: and'.for ,empowering them tb eanstruct Tramways: 1 and for other purposes. & .r. ..iy

clxxx viii. An Act for authorising the; London and South-western rRlilway Company, to, construct new) Railways in the > Counties of: Southampton arid Dorset and to widen part of bhehr-Ring wood Christchurch and BoufnejmQail Railway and jointly with the Midland Railway , Company to eonstmfijfeqmew Railway in the County of Dorset; and for other purposes.-: clxxxix. An Act for authorising the London and South-western,i^jailway , Company to ihake new- railways and deviations and widenings of railways arid j $ other works and to.; purchase additional lands and for conferring other* powers upon them in relation to their own and other undertakings; for empowering

Local Acts.

08$.

465

the‘Company and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company to ii.'c&ktruct a railway and to acquire lands and to exercise other powers; for the 'sale or Amalgamation to or with the undertaking of the Company of the Salisbury and /Dorset Junction Railway; to empower the Company to construct - feeffcain railways of the North Cornwall Railway Company and to appoint a 1 director of and take and hold part of the capital of that Company; for the sale ,ll%fWase to' the Company and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway .Company of the Southsea Railway; for authorising and varying or annulling ^a^edtnents between the Company and other Corporations bodies Companies and persons; and for other purposes.

CXC. An Act to authorise the Mersey Railway Company to, raise additional capital : and for other purposes.

diet An Act to amend the Metropolitan District Railway Act .1881; and. for other purposes in relation thereto.

CXCII. An Act for incorporating the Windsor and Eton Waterworks Company And iof vesting m them the Windsor and Eton Waterworks and for other purposes.

cxciii. An Act to authorise the Great Western Railway Company to make and inlaintain certain Railways and- Works; For vesting in the Great Western Railway Company the Undertakings of the Stratford-upon-Avon Railway ^Company and the Watlington and Princes Risborough Railway Company; For confirming Agreements between the, Great , Western Railway Company and ouier Companies; and for other purposes, cxciv. An Act for making a Railway from Barrmill to Kilwinning and for .other ' pmposes.

cxcv. An Act iorauthorise the Construction and Maintenance of a Graving Dock, am!l other Works in connexion therewith, at King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk.

CXQVi. An Act to extend the time for' the completion of the Freshwater Yarmouth and Newport Railway and for the .purchase of land therefor; €6 authorise; Yarmouth and Newport Railway Company to raise additional

"t capitaT and for other purposes.

cxcvii. An Act to authorise thp construction and maintenance of a Dock at the -ofi' jthe Riyer. Oginore and'of a railway aqueduct and other works in l cMpexipn fhepewitii in thej County of Glamorgan and for other, purposes. ' CXCViii. AnA.ct for incorporating the South Hayling Bridge Company and" for .. empowering them to construct a Bridge Over the Langstoiie Channel between Hayling Island and Southsea with' approach roads thereto in the County- of Southampton, aud. for, other purposes, i exeix. An Act to authorise the Eastern and Midlands Railway Company to , <Mnstru,<jt nqW Works and for other purposes.

CC. An Act to f enable the Barnet 'District Gas and Water, Company to extend their limits of Water Supply; to construct new Water Works; to extend their , Gas Works,; sudito raise additional Capital; and for other purposed-cei. An, A<?t tq incorporate a Company for making a Pier Head and other works in ^hnexionbhierewith at the seaward end of the Chain Pier Brighton in the county of Sussex; j enable the Company to hold shares in the Chain Pier Company; to acquire the undertaking of the Chain Pier Company; and for other purpos.es. j a '

Ceil. An Act. for, incorporating the Holsworthy and Bude Railway Company, and authorising them to make and maintain the Holsworthy and Bude Railway, and for other purposes.

Wo. 30. Price 2d] , V; Cl g

466

46 & 47 Vict.

\Table of the Statutes.]

cciii. An Act for empowering the Brentford and Isleworth Tramways Company to construct new Tramways and Roads in the County of Middlesex, to extend the time for making and completing the Tramways authorised by the Brentford and Isleworth Tramways Extension Act, 18,80, and for other purposes.

cciv. An Act to enable the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company to construct new Railways and for other purposes.

CCV. An Act for authorising the Construction of Railways to connect the Teign Valley Railway and the town of Chagford with Exeter; and for other purposes.

CCVI. An Act for authorising the construction of a Railway from Hornsey to Hendon and Harrow, to be called the London Hendon and Harrow Railway'; and for other purposes.

CCVii. An Act to confer further Powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company.

eeviii. An Act for granting further Powers to. the Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway Company, and for other purposes.

CCix. An Act to authorise the. construction of Railways in Shropshire and Staffordshire and for facilitating communication between the Midland Counties of England and Milford Haven and Swansea respectively.

CCX. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Railway from Qxford to Aylesbury and for other purposes.

nnyi. An Act for .making further provision respecting the borrowing of Money by the (Corporation of Portsmouthand for other purposes.

ccxii. An Act for constituting a separate. Undertaking of the Regent's Canal City and Docks, Railway Company, for amending their Act of incorporation; and for other purposes.

P. ccxiii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Cambridge, Canterbury, Cheiseaj Finchley, Folkestone, Gravesend, Greenock, Greenwich, High .Wycombe, Ipswich,Maidstone, and Sunderland.

P. coxiv. An Act for .confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Aston, Birkdale Dudley, Saltley, TJiverston, West Bromwich, and Wolverhampton.

P. CCXV. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Balsall Heath, Birmingham, Redditch, and Walsall.

P. ecxvi. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Barton Eccles Winton and Monton, Carlisle, Croydon, Luton, Margate, Nelson/ Rochester Scarborough, and Sudbury.

P. CCXVii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting, Act, 1882, relating to Bermondsey, Clerkenwell, Hampstead, Holborn, Hornsey, St. George's-in-the-East, St. Giles (Brush), St. James' and St. Martin's, St. Luke's, and Wandsworth.

P. ccxviii. An Act for, .confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Limehouse,Poplar, Richmond (Surrey), Rotherhithe, St. Giles's. (Pilsen Joel), St. Olave, St. Saviour's (Southwark), Shoreditch, and Wednesbury and Darlaston.-P. ccxix. An Act fQr confirming certain Provisional Orders ma<|§ by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Barnes and Mortlake, Hackney, Islington,..St, Pancras (Middlesex), , and Whitechapel,-:

P. CCXX. An Act for, confirming, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Bradford, Brighton,

Local Acts.

IP

467

Hanover Square District (London), Norwich, South Kensington District (London), Strand District (London), land Victoria District (London), p cCXXi* An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of r‘ Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Bristol, Grantham, and Lowestoft,

« ccxxii. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Chiswick and St. George-the-Martyr, Southwark, p, ccxxiii. An Act for confirming a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Dundee.

P. ccxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Improvement Act District of West Hartlepool.

P. CCXXV. An Act .to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government Districts of Haslingden, Bamsbottom, and Rawtenstall.

P. ccxxvi. An Act to amend the Law relating to Highways in the Isle of Wight, and for other purposes, ccxxvii. An Act to authorise the Peckham and East Dulwich Tramways Company to construct new Tramways in the County of Surrey and for other purposes.

COXXViii. An Act to confer further powers on the Stratford-upon-Avon, Towcester and Midland Junction Railway Company in reference to their own Undertaking and the Undertaking of the Eastland West Junction Railway .^Company; and for other purposes.

CCXxix. An Act to enable the Milford Docks Company to create an additional . amount of Debenture Stock in Place of other Capital, to effect a settlement of the affairs of the Company, and for other purposes.

CCXXX:. An Act for incorporating the Plymouth Devonport and South-Western Junction Railway Company and authorising them to make and maintain the Plymouth Devonport and South-Western Junction Railway and for authorising arrangements between them and the London and South-Western Railway Company and for other purposes, ccxxxi. An Act for the Abandonment of the Ennis and West Clare Railway, ccxxxii. An Act to empower the Dublin Southern District Tramways Company to double certain of their existing Tramways; and for other purposes.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1, I -N Act to authorise the Trustees under the Settlement of Marriage between xjl Sir George Douglas Clerk, of Penicuik, Bart., and Miss Aymde Elizabeth. Georgina Napier, and the said Sir George Douglas Clerk, to sell lands; te pay

fidebts; and for other purposes.

2. An Act to enable the Trustees of Sir Robert Peel's Settled Estates to raise money for payment of his debts, and for vesting in such Trustees his life interest in and certain of his powers over the Settled Estates, and for other purposes.

i G g 2

4f> & 47jVlcT.

Table of the Statutes.

3. An Act to amend "The Earl of Aylesford's Estate Act, 1882."

4. An Act to enable Edward Cecil Guinness to sell and convey to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland the fee simple of certain lands, situate in the Parish of St. Peter, in the City of Dublin, free from all incumbrances.

5. An Act to enable the Trustees of Captain John Harrison's Settled Estates to raise Money for Payment of Improvements made and to be made thereon and for Vesting in such Trustees his Life-interest in the Settled Estates and for other purposes in relation thereto.

469

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

(46 & 47 Tier., 1883,)

ARRANGED IN CLASSES.

Cuss 1. — Bridges and Ferries.

2. — Canals, Eivers, Navigations, Tunnels, and Subways.

I 3, — Charitable Foundations and Institutions.

u 4. — Drainages and Drainage Embankments.

, 5. — Ecclesiastical Affairs, including Tithes.

, 6. — Estates.

, 7. — Fisheries.

, 8. — Gaslight Companies.

, 9. — Harbours, Docks, Ports, Piers,

Quays, &c.

Class 10. — Improvements in Towns, Municipal and County and Local Government Matters, Markets, &c.

, 11. — Inclosures of Commons.

, 12. — Parish Affairs.

, 13. — Personal Affairs.

, 14. — Railways.

, 15. — Trading and other Companies.

, 16. — Tramways.

, 17. — Turnpike and other Roads.

, 18. — Water Companies.

, 19. — Provisional Orders Confirma-

tion.

Class 1. — Bridges and Ferries.

Hammersmith Bridge (Enabling Metropolitan Board of Works to re-construct, &c.) Ch. clxxvii.

South Hayling Bridge (Construction of Bridge and Approach Roads). Ch. cxcviii.

Class 2. — Canals, Rivers, Navigations, Tunnels, and Subways.

Argyll Ship Canal (Making Canal from Harbour of East Tarbert to West Loch Tarbert). Ch. cxxiii.

Clyde Navigation (Construction of Works and borrowing Money). Ch. clvi.

Exeter Canal (Settlement of Claims of Mortgagees against Corporation of Exeter, &c.) Ch. xxxiii.

Mersey River (Transferring to Secretary of State powers of Admiralty and Board of Ordnance in relation to Gunpowder Magazines, and Amending Acts). Ch. clxxxiv. Regent's Canal, &e. (Capital). Ch. clxiv.

Ribble Navigation (Transfer of Undertakings of Ribble Navigation Company to Corporation of Preston, &c.) Ch. cxv.

Thames River (Regulating Navigation, &c.) Ch. lxxix.

Class 3. — Charitable Foundations and Institutions.

Deaf and Dumb Poor Asylum (Acquiring Fee-simple of Site of Institution in Old Kent Road). Ch. lxix.

Paisley (Regulating the Faculty of Procurators, and providing for dissolution thereof}. Ch. xxxvii.

Class 4. — Drainages and Drainage Embankments.

Canvey Island (Sea Defences, &c.) Ch. lxxiii.

Newborough Drainage (Incorporating Commissioners; amending Acts). Ch. clxiii.

[For Acts confirming Provisional Orders under the Land Drainage Acts, see Class 19

(2), (9).]

4 78

46 & 47 Vi

Classified List of the Local and Private Acts.\

Class 19. — Provisional Orders Confirmation — continued.

(10.) Under Local Government and other Acts — continued.

(d) Public Health Act, 1875 — continued.

Orders relating to the Boroughs of Kingston-upon-Hull and Leeds, and the District i Weston-super-Mare. Ch. xcix.

Orders relating to the Local Government Districts of Haslingden, Ramsbottom, an Raws ten stall. Ch. ccxxv.

Order relating to the Borough of Leeds. Ch. xci.

Order relating to the Local Government District of Festiniog. Ch. cxxxiv.

(11.) Under Local Government (Ireland) and Public Health (Ireland) Acts:

Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Township of Rath* miues and Rathgar, and to the Towns of Tralee and Warrenpoint. Ch. xl.

Order relating to Waterworks in the town of Killarney. Ch. xliv.

Orders relating to the towns of Carlow and Listowel, and to the Newtownards Gas Undertaking. Ch. lxxxiii.

Order relating to Waterworks in the city of Limerick. Ch. xcii.

(12.) Under Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867:$

Order of Secretary of State under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the burgh of Fraserburgh [Waterworks]]. Ch. xcviii.

(13.) Under Sea Fisheries Act, 1868:$

Orders* of the Board of Trade under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Hamford Water, Hunstanton (le Strange), and Swansea. Ch. x.

(14.) Under Tramways Act, 1870:

Orders of the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Aldershot and Farnborough Tramways Extensions, Bradford Corporation Tramways, Hartlepool Tramways, Liverpool Corporation Tramways, Macclesfield Tramways, and North Staffordshire Tramways. Ch. cxxxi.

Orders relating to Birmingham and Western Districts Tramways, Edgbaston and Bar-borne Tramways, North Birmingham Tramways, Oldham, Ashton-under-Lyne, Hyde and District Tramways, South Birmingham Tramways, and Southend-on-Sea and District Tramways. Oh. xlvii.

Orders relating to Colchester Tramways, Halifax and Districts Tramways, Oxford Tramways Extensions, Bhyl, Voryd, and Plastirion Tramways, Spen Valley and District Tramways, and Yarmouth and Gorleston Tramways Extension.

Ch. cxxxiii.

Orders relating to South Shields Corporation Tramways, and Wolverton and Stony Stratford Tramways. Ch. xciii.

(15.) Under Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860:$

Order made by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Council, under the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, extending the time for the completion of the Dublin and Blessington Steam Tramways. Ch. xxx.

These Orders relate to Oyster and Mussel Fisheries.

479

TABLES

SHOWING

THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION,

Table A. — Acts of 46 & 47 Vict. (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on former Acts.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 46 & 47 Vict.

(A.)

Acts of 46 & 47 Vict. (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on

former Acts.

Ch.

II Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption) [U.K.]

Amends 36 & 37 Vict. c. 57., Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption) Act, 1873.

2. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) (6,355,258Z. 9s. 8d.) [U.K.]

3. Explosive Substances [U.K.]

Amends the law relating to Explosive Substances.

Applies 38 & 39 Vict. c. 17., Explosives Act, 1875.

4. National Callery (Loan) [U.K.]

Authorises loan of Works of Art.

5. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) (6,240,1001) [U.K.]

6. Army (Annual) [U.K.]

Continues, and amends, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881.

7. Bills oe Sale (Ireland) Act (1879) Amendment [I.]

Amends 42 & 43 Vict. c. 50., Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879.

8. Glebe Loan (Ireland) Acts Amendment . [I.]

Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 112.,")

, 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100., [

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 30., ) Glebe Loan (Ireland) Acts, 1870 to 1880.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 6., [

, 43 & 44 Vict. c. 2., J

9. Isle oe Man Harbours [E.]

Construes Act with 35 & 36 Vict. c. 23., Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872.

Amends, and applies, 10 & 11 Vict. c. 27., Harbours, &c. Act, 1847.

10. Customs and Inland Revenue [U.K.]

Grants Import Duties on Tea.

Amends 39 & 40 Vict. c. 36., Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, as regards certain explosive substances.

Alters date of expiration of certain game licences and gun licences taken out under 23 & 24 Vict. c. 90., Game Certificates, &c. Act, 1860, and 33 & 34 Vict. c. 57., Gun Licence Act, 1870.

Grants duties of Income Tax, and applies former Acts.

Effect of Legislation. 46 & 4,7 y

Table A. — Acts of 46 & 47 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

11. Poor Law Conferences [E.]

Provides for expenses incurred by guardians of the poor in relation to Poor La I ferencph i

Applies 42 & 43 Vict. c. 12., Poor I.aw Act, 1879.

12. Prevention of Crime (Ireland) Act, 1882, Amendment (Audience of Solicitors) [I.]

Amends 45 & 46 Vict. c. 25., Prevention of Crime (Ireland) Act, 1882.

13. Consolidated Fund (No. 3) (5,973,9121.) [U.K.]

14. Constabulary and Police (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 37 & 38 Vict. c. 80., Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1874.

, 10 & 11 Vict. c. 100., Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1847.

, 34 & 35 Vict. c. 76., Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Amendment. Act, 1871.

Applies 6 & 7 "Will. 4. c. 29.

15. Lands Clauses (Umpire) Act [E. & I.]

Amends 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18., Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

16. Lord Alcester's Grant [U.K.]

Grants 25,000Z. to Baron Alcester.

17. Lord Wolseley's Grant [U.K.]

Grants 30,000Z. to Baron Wolseley.

18. Municipal Corporations [E.]

Amends and extends 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

Repeals 17 & 18 Vict. c. 71., Borough Bates Act, 1854.

Applies 17 & 18 Vict. c. 57., Returning Officers Act, 1854.

, 6 & 7 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

, 16 & 17 Vict. c. 137., &c., Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869.

19. Medical Act (1858) Amendment [I.]

Amends 21 & 22 Vict. c. 90., Medical Act (1858).

20. Registry of Deeds Office (Ireland) Holidays [I.]

Amends 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 87., Registry of Deeds, &c., Ireland.

21. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance [E.]

Continues and repeals certain Turnpike Acts as set forth in Schedules 1 to 7.

22. Sea Fisheries [U.K., &c.]

Amends 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45., Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

Exempts certain British sea-fishing boats from application of section 176 of 39 & 40 Vict. c. 36., Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

Continues 6 & 7 Vict. c. 79. (Fisheries Act, 1843), as to French Convention.

Repeals part of 6 & 7 Vict. c. 79., Fisheries Act, 1843.

, , 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45., Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

, section 15 of 40 & 41 Vict. c. 42., Fisheries Act, 1877.

, provisionally part of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45., Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

, , section 3 of 38 Vict. c. 15., Sea Fisheries Act, 1875.

Applies Merchant Shipping Acts as regards lights and " wreck."

, 39 & 40 Vict. c. 36., Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, &c.

, in England, Summary Jurisdiction Acts, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49., &c.

, in Scotland, 27 & 28 Vict. c. 53. and 44 & 45 Vict. c. 33., Summary Jurisdic

tion Acts, 1864 and 1881.

, in Ireland, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93., Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, &c.

23. Consolidated Fund B 4) (15,182,7071) [U.K.]

24. Relief of Distressed Unions (Ireland) [I.]

Applies 32 I 33 Vict. c. 42., | |g Church Acts, 1869 and 1881.

25. Prison Service (Ireland) [I.]

Explains and amends s. 32 of 40 & 41 Vict. c. 49. (General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 187' as to the term " prison service."

jgg3. Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 46 & 47 Vict. (in order of Chapter), Soe. — continued.

481

/ljj#

20. Sea Fisheries (Ireland) > [I.]

6 ' Constitutes Fishery Piers and Harbours Commission, and creates Sea Fisheries Fund.

Apf" u %SILt: I: fcI111 Acts-im and 1881-

, Fishery Piers and Harbours Acts.

Exempts grants under this Act from enactments contained in s. 2 of 29 & 30 Vict. c. 45., Fishery Piers and Harbours Act, 1866, and in sub-section of s. 4 of 9 & 10 Vict. c. 3., Fishery Piers and Harbours Act, 1846.

g7. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) [E.]

Amends 45 & 46 Vict. c. 33., Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1882.

, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 102., Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869.

Applies 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

, Main Drainage Acts.

, 24 & 25 Vict. c. 98., as to Forgery of Metropolitan Bills.

Empowers Board to expend moneys for purposes described in First Schedule.

28. Companies [U.K.]

Amends 25 & |6 Vict. £«>,/ } Companies Acts, 1862 and 1867.

29. Supreme Court of Judicature (Funds, &c.) [E.]

Amends, and applies, 35 & 36 Vict. c. 44, Chancery Funds Act, 1872.

30. Companies (Colonial Registers) [C.]

Applies Companies Acts, 1862 to 1880.

31. Payment of Wages in Public-houses Prohibition [E. & S.]

Extends prohibition as to payment of wages in public-houses, &c. contained in 35 & 36 Vict. c. 76., Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1872, and 35 & 36 Vict. c. 77., Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872.

Applies, in England, Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

, in Scotland, 27 & 28 Vict. c. 53. and 44 & 45 Vict. c. 33., Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881.

32. Greenwich Hospital [U.K.]

Enacts that grants under Order in Council of 1875 shall be deemed to have been authorised by 28 & 29 Vict. c. 89., Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865.

33. Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Amendment [I.]

Amends 37 & 38 Vict. c. 86., Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874.

34. Cheap Trains [E. & S.]

Amends sections and 7 of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 79., Duties on Stage Carriages, &c.

Repeals section 20 of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 55*., Regulation of Railways and Conveyance of Troops.

, in part 7 8 Vict. c. 85*., Construction of Railways.

, section 18 of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 69*., Service in the Navy.

, sections 1 and 2 of 21 & 22 Vict. c. 75*., Cheap Trains.

, section 14 of 26 & 27 Vict. c. 33*., Inland Revenue.

Applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881.

35. Diseases Prevention (Metropolis) [E.]

Provides for isolation and treatment of Cholera and other patients.

Applies 18 & 19 Vict. c. 116., Diseases Prevention Act, 1855.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 6., Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867.

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

, Lands Clauses Acts.

Provides for application of 18 & 19 Vict. c. 116., Diseases Prevention Act, 1855, to hamlet of Mottingham (Kent).

I Except so far as relates to Ireland, and except as respects the conveyance of forces by Companies who lose the benefit of this Act (s. 10).

482

Effect of Legislation. 46 & 47 y]CT

Table A. — Acts of 46 & 47 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

36. Cm of London Parochial Charities [E.]

Appoints Charity Commissioners to be Commissioners under this Act, to exam' powers of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 137, Charitable Trusts Act, 1863, &c. 160

Extends section 11 of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 137., "I Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 , sections 6 to 9 of 18 & 19 Vict. c. 124., J 1855. 0

Construes Act with, and applies. Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869.

37. Public Health Act, 1875 (Suppobt of Sewers), Amendment [E.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

Applies 10 & 11 Vict. c. 17., Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847.

38. Trial of Lunatics [E. & I.]

Repeals s. 1 of 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 94., Criminal Lunatics.

, s. 16 of 1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 33., Lunatics (Ireland).

, s. 3 of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 54., Criminal Lunatics.

Applies 3 & 4 Vict. c. 54., Criminal Lunatics.

39. Statute Law Revision [U.K.]

Repeals (with Savings) the enactments described in the Schedule. [These enactments will he found in their chronological order in Table S. See p. 488 et seg. J

40. Expiring Laws Continuance [U.K.]

Continues (as specified in Schedule) the following Acts, and enactments amending the same; viz.: —

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27., Linen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland).

3 & 4 Vict. c. 82., Poor Rates (Stock in Trade Exemption).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35., Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commissioners (now Land Commissioners).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59., Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32., Landed Property Improvement (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98., Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

11 & 12 Vict c. 32., County Cess (Ireland).

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104., Episcopal, &c. Estates.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 19., Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland).

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109., Salmon Pishery (England).

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105., Promissory Notes.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20., Promissory Notes, &c. (Ireland).

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46., Militia Ballots Suspension.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 83., Locomotives on Roads.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52., Prosecution Expenses.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21., Election Commissioners Expenses.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56., Endowed Schools (Schemes).

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87., Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot).

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48., Regulation of Railways.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 48., Police Expenses.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 84., Returning Officers Expenses.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 21., Juries (Ireland).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41., Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72., Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland).

43 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Elections.

41. Merchant Shipping (Fishing Boats) [U.K., except Scotland.]

Amends 17 & 18 Vict. c. 104., &c., Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1880.

Construes Act with, and applies, Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1882.

Repeals in part 17 & 18 Vict. c. 104., Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.*

, section 13 (1) of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 63., Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment Act, 1862*

, section 8 of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 85., Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment Act, 1873.*

, in part 43 & 44 Vict. c. 16., Merchant Seamen (Payment of Wages and Rating)

Act, 1880.*

, that part remaining unrepealed1 of 50 Geo. 3. e. 108., British Fisheries.* Incorporates Part I. of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 104., Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

Applies 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 101., Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

Except so far as relates to Scotland.

Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 46 & 47 Vict. (in order of Chapter), Ac .-continued.

483

fif Public Works Loans [U.K.]

Grants 3,000,000Z. for Public Works, and 1,200,0001. for Public Works in Ireland. Grants 400,0001. to Irish Land Commission under 44 & 45 Vict. c. 49., Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, and under 46 & 47 Vict. c. 43., Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

Borrowing powers for purposes of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 43., Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883: Extends section 6 of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 62., Public Works Loans Act, 1882.

Amends 45 & 46 Vict. c. 47., Arrears of Eent (Ireland) Act, 1882.

, and applies, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 27., Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877. Applies 38 & 39 Vict. c. 89., Public Works Loans Act, 1875.

Makes provision as to certain Loans respecting Arbroath Harbour; Athlunkard Bridge, Limerick; Green Street Court House, Dublin; and certain Lands and Mills on river Corrib, Galway.

43. Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 45 & 46 Vict. c. 47., Arrears of Eent (Ireland) Act, 1882.'

, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 49., Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881.

, Tramways (Ireland) Acts, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 152., &c.

Applies 33 & 34 Vict. c. 46., Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870.

Construes Act with Tramways (Ireland) Acts.

44. Borough Constables [E.J

Explains the effect of section 195 of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

45. Counterfeit Medals [U.K.]

Provides against sale of Medals resembling current coin.

46. Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections) [E.]

Suspends elections for Boston, Canterbury, Chester, Gloucester, Macclesfield, Oxford, and Sandwich.

47. Provident Nominations and Small Intestacies [U.K.]

Extends portions of the following Acts; viz.,

38 & 39 Vict. c. 60. s. 15. (3), (4), Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 45. s. 11. (5), (6), Industrial, &c. Societies Act, 1876.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 22. s. 10., Trade Union Act Amendment Act, 1876.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 87. ss. 41 to 43, Trustee Savings Bank Act, 1863.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 83. s. 10., Savings Banks Act, 1844.

45 & 46 Vict. o. 51. s. 6. (e), Government Annuities Act, 1882.

II Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) [I.]

Provides for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

H Statute Law Eevision and Civil Procedure [E.]

Eepeals (with Savings) the enactments described in the Schedule. [These enactments will he found in Table B. See p. 497.]

Eepeals enactments in Part II. of Schedule to 42 & 43 Vict. c. 59., Civil Procedure Acts Eepeal Act, 1879.

Extends 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66., j g me Court of judicature Acts, 1873 and 1875. Applies 38 & 39 Vict. o. 77., J r

50. Appropriation [U.E.]

51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention [U.K]

Eepeals s. 36 of 60 Geo. 3 & 1 Geo. 4. c. 11., Elections (Ireland),

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 58. (except s. 3), Elections (Ireland).

" a. 82 of Geo. 4. c. 55., Elections (Ireland).

" in part 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102., Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854.

" 21 & 22 Vict. c. 87., Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854, Continuance.

" 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. (except s. 6), Corrupt Practices at Elections of Members of

Parliament.

in part 30 & 31 Vict. c. 102., Representation of the People Act, 1867.

" s. 25 of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 48., Representation of the People (Scotland) Act,

" 1868.

s 12 of 31 & 32 Vict. c. 49., Representation of the People (Ireland) Act,

I 1868:

484

Effect of Legislation. 46 & 47 y1Cr

Table A. — Acts of 40 & 47 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

On.

51. Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention [U.K.] — contimied.

Repeals part of s. 18 of 31 & 32 Vict. e. 58., Parliamentary Electors Registration Ant

1868. . 1 1 I

, in part 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125., Parliamentary Eleotions Act, 1868.

, in part 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Ballot Act, 1872.

, in part 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75., Parliamentary Eleotions and Corrupt Practices

Act, 1879.

, 43 Vict. c. 18 (except ss. 1 and 3), Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices

Act, 1880.

Amends and extends 15 & 16 Vict. c. 57., Election Commissioners Act, 1852.

Applies 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125., Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868.

, 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Ballot Act, 1872.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 84., Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875.

, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 102., Representation of the People Act, 1867.

" 26 & 27 Vict c 29^ * T Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts, 1854 and 1863.

, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 22., Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879.

" 34 & 35 Vict o' 61 * 1" ®lection Commissioners Expenses Acts, 1869 and 1871.

, 6 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Registration Act, 1843.

, Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

Continues Act until 31st December 1884.

52. Bankruptcy [E. (Certain express provisions relate to Scotland and Ireland.)]

Amends and consolidates the Law of Bankruptcy.

Repeals as to England the following enactments : —

13 Edw. 1. c. 18. in part. The Statutes of Westminster the Second, chapter eighteen, Execution by levying of lands- and goods, &c.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 62. in part, Debtors Act, 1869.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 71., Bankruptcy Act, 1869. ,J>

32 & 33 Vict. c. 83. in part, Bankruptcy Repeal and Insolvent Court Act, 1869.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 76., Absconding Debtors Act, 1870.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 50. in part, Bankruptcy Disqualification Act, 1871.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 77. in part. Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875.

Extends 24 Geo. 3. c. 26., House of Commons (Election).

Applies 32 & 33 Vict. c. 62., Debtors Act, 1869.

, 3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 74., Eines and Recoveries.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 77., Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875.

, 13 & 14 Vict. c. 60., Trustee Act, 1850.

, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 71., Bankruptcy Act, 1869.

Consolidates London Bankruptcy Court with Supreme Court of Judicature.

Construes Act with 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66., Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873.

53. Factories and Workshops [U.K.]

Amends, explains, and applies 41 & 42 Vict. c. 16., Factory, &c. Act, 1878.

54. National Debt [U.K.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 45., Sinking Fund Act, 1875.

Extends 26 & 27 Vict. c. 14., Savings Banks Act, 1863.

55. Revenue [U.K.]

Repeals in part, and amendsj, 39 & 40 Vict. c. 36., Customs Consolidation Act, 1876. Amends 33 & 34 Vict. c. 97., Stamp Act, 1870.

, 36 & 37 Vict. c. 57., Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption)

Act, 1873.

Extends, &c. 43 & 44 Vict. c. 19., Taxes Management Act, 1880.

, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 61., Bills of Exchange Act, 1882.

, 24 & 25 Vict. c. 98., Indictable Offences by Forgery.

Applies Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1869.

, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 1., Consolidated Fund (Permanent Charges Redemption)

Act, 1883. v

Construes Act with 39 & 40 Vict. c. 36., Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

Effect of Legislation. 485

Table A. — Acts of 46 & 47 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

56. Education (Scotland) [S.]

Amends 35 & 36 Vict. c. 62., j Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 and 1878.

57. Patents, Designs, and Trade Makes [U.K.]

Amends and consolidates the Law relating to Patents, &c.

Repeals (as in Third Schedule) the following enactments : —

21 Jas. I. c. 3. in part, Statute of Monopolies.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 62. s. 11., Statutory Declarations Act, 1835.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 83., Letters Patent for Inventions.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 67., Letters Patent for Inventions.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 100., Copyright of Designs.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 65., Copyright of Designs.

7 & 8 Vict. C. 69. in part*, Judicial Committee: Patents.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 104., Copyright of Designs.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 83., Patent Law Amendment Act, 1852.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 5., Letters Patent for Inventions.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 115., Patent Law Amendment Act, 1852, Amendment.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 70., Copyright of Designs.

22 Vict. c. 13., Patents for Inventions.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 73., Copyright of Designs.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 3., Industrial Exhibitions Act, 1865.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 27., Protection of Inventions Act, 1870.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 97. in part, Stamp Act, 1870.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 91., Trade Marks Registration Act, 1875.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 93., Copyright of Designs Act, 1875.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 33., Trade Marks Registration Amendment Act, 1876.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 37., Trade Marks Registration Extension Act, 1877.

43 & 44 c. 10. s. 5., Great Seal Act, 1880.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 72. s. 16., Revenue, Friendly Societies, and National Debt Act, 1822.

Applies Cutlers' Company's Acts as to Sheffield Marks.

58. Post Office (Money Okdeks) [U.K. &c.]

Amends 11 & 12 Vict. c. 88., 1 Post Office (Money Orders) Acts, 1848 and

, and extends 43 & 44 Vict. c. 33., J 1880.

59. Epidemic and other Diseases Prevention [E. & I.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act (England), 1875.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52 , Public Health Act (Ireland), 1878.

60. Labourers (Ireland) [I.]

Construes Act with, and incorporates part of, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

Incorporates Lands Clauses Acts.

Extends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 36., Artisans, &c. Dwellings Act, 1875.

Applies 45 & 46 Vict. c. 60., Labourers Cottages, &c. (Ireland) Act, 1882.

, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 154., Landlord and Tenant, &c. Act (Ireland), 1860.

61. Agricultural Holdings (England) [E.]

Repeals section 1 of 2 Will. & Mar. c. 5., Distress.

" 39 & 40 Vict c 74' j- Agricultural Holdings (England) Acts, 1875 and 1876.

Applies 29 & 30 Vict. c. 62., Crown Lands Act, 1866.

57 Geo. 3. c. 97., Duchy of Lancaster.

, 26 & 27 Vict. c. 49., Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863.

62. Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) [S.]

Repeals sections 2 and 3 of 43 Vict. c. 12., Hypothec Abolition (Scotland) Act, 1880. Applies 16 H 17 Vict. c. 80., Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1853.

, 29 & 30 Vict. c. 62., Crown Lands Act, 1866.

Sections 6 and 7 of this Act are repealed by the Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 1874.

Effect of Legislation.

48G

(B.)

Acts of former Sessions (in Chronological Order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 46 & 47 Vict. * §

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter 46 & 47i

13 Edw. 1. c. 18. in part Execution by levying of lands, &c. Repealed* 52

21 Jas. 1. c. 3. in part Statute of Monopolies Repealed - 57

2 Will. & Mar. c. 5. s. 1. Distress - Repealed - 61

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 94. s. 1. - Criminal Lunatics Repealed - 38

50 Geo. 3. c. 108. (that part British Fisheries Repealed - 41

remaining unrepealed).f 60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo. 4. c. 11. s. 36. 1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 33. s. 16. Elections (Ireland) Repealed - 51

Lunatics (Ireland) Repealed - 38

| c. 58. (except s. 3.) 4 Geo. 4. c. 55. s. 82. - Elections (Ireland) Repealed - 51

Elections (Ireland) Repealed - 51

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 87. - Registry of Deeds, &c. (Ireland) Amended - 20

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 62. s. 11. - Statutory Declarations Act, 1835 Repealed - 57

, c. 83. - Letters Patent for Inventions - Repealed - 57

2 & 3 Vict. c. 67. Letters Patent for Inventions - Repealed - 57

3 & 4 Vict. c. 54. s. 3. Criminal Lunatics Repealed - 38

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55. s. 20. Regulation of Railways and Con- Repealed J- 34

, c. 79. ss. 4 and 7. veyance of Troops. Duties on Stage Carriages, &c. - Amended - 34

, c. 100. -6 & 7 Vict. c. 65. Copyright of Designs Repealed - 57

Copyright of Designs - Repealed - 57

, c. 79. in part Fisheries Act, 1843 Repealed - 22

7 & 8 Vict. c. 69. in part§ Judicial Committee: Patents - Repealed - 57

c. 85. in part Construction of Railways Repealed^- 34

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, Amended - 15

10 & 11 Vict. c. 27. - 1845. Harbours, &c. Act, 1847 Amended - 9

, c. 100. - Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Amended - 14

11 & 12 Vict. c. 88. - Post Cilice (Money Orders) Act, Amended - 58

13 & 14 Vict. c. 104. - 1848. Copyright of Designs Repealed - 57

15 & 16 Vict. c. 57. - Election Commissioners Act, 1852 Amended - 51

, c. 83. - Patent Law Amendment Act, 1852 Repealed - 57

16 & 17 Vict. c. 5. - Letters Patent for Inventions - Repealed - 57

, c. 69. s. 18. Service in the Navy Repealed!- 34

, c. 115. - Patent Law Amendment Repealed - 57

17 & l'8 Vict. c. 71. - Borough Rates Act, 1854 Repealed - 18

c. 102. in part - Corrupt Practices Repealed - 51

I c. 104. in partf 21 & 22 Vict. c. 70. - Merchant Shipping Act, 1854 1 Copyright of Designs Repealed -Repealed - 41 57

, c. 75. ss. 1 and 2. , c. 87. -| c. 90.. - 22 Vict. c. 13. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 152. - 24 & 25 Vict. c. 73. - 25 126 Vict. c. 63. s. 13. (l)f Cheap Trains ... Corrupt Practices Medical Act (1858) Patents for Inventions -Tramways (Ireland) Copyright of Designs Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment. Repealed!-Repealed -Amended -Repealed -Amended -Repealed -Repealed - 34 51 19 57 43 57 41

* As to England.

f Except so far as relates to Scotland.

J Except so far as relates to Ireland, &c. _,

§ Sections 6 and 7 of this Act are repealed by the Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, 18? I

487

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 46 & 47 Vict.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 89. - Companies Act, 1862 Amended» 28

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. (except s. 6.) c. 33. s. 14. - Corrupt Practices Repealed - 51

Inland Revenue - Repealed*- 34

28 & 29 Vict. c. 3. . Industrial Exhibitions Act, 1865 Repealed - 57

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. in part - Representation of the People Act, 1867. Repealed - 51

c. 131. - . Companies Act, 1867 Amended - 28

31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. - Sea Fisheries Act, 1868 - Amended - 22

, c. 48. s.25. - Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868. Repealed - 51

, c. 49. s. 12. - Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868. Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1868. Repealed - 51

f| c. 58. s. 18. in part. Repealed - 51

, c. 125. in part - Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868. Repealed - 51

32 & 33 Vict. c. 62. in part - Debtors Act, 1869 Repealedf- 52

.. c. 71. - - Bankruptcy Act, 1869 Repealed-)-- 52

. c. 83. in part - Bankruptcy Repeal and insolvent Court Act, 1869. Repealed-}-- 52

, c. 102. - - Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans). Amended - 27

33 & 34 Vict. c. 27. - - Protection of Inventions Act, 1870. Repealed - 57

, c. 76. - Absconding Debtors Act, 1870 - Repealed-}-- 52

, c. 97. - . Stamp Act, 1870 - Amended - 55 and 57

, c. 112. - . Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870 - Amended - 8

34 & 35 Vict. c. 50. in part - Bankruptcy Disqualification Act, 1871. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Repealed-}-- 52

, c. 76. - . Amended - 14

, c. 100. - - Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1871 - Amended - 8

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. in part . Ballot Act, 1872 - - Repealed - 51

, c. 44. - - Chancery Funds Act, 1872 Amended - 29

, c. 62. - - Education (Scotland) Amended - 56

36 & 37 Vict. c. 57. - . Consolidated Fund, &c. Act, 1873 Amended - 1 and 55

, c. 85. s. 8.X - Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment. Repealed - 41

37 & 38 Vict. c. 80. - - Constabulary (Ireland) - Amended - 14

, c. 86. - " Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874. Amended - 33

38 Vict. c. 15. s. 3. - Sea Fisheries Act, 1875 - Repealed^ 22

38 & 39 Vict. c. 30. - - Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1875 - Amended - 8

, c. 45. - - Sinking Fund Act, 1875 Amended - 54

, c. 55. - - Public Health Act, 1875 Amended - 37 and 59

, c. 77. in part - Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875. Repealed-}- 52

c. 91. - - Trade Marks Registration Repealed - 57

, c. 92. - " Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1875. Repealed - 61

c. 93. -39 & 40 Vict. c.' 33.' - - Copyright of Designs Repealed - 57

- Trade Marks Registration Repealed - 57

, c. 36. - - Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 Amended - 10 and 55

* Except so far as relates to Ireland, &c. t As to England.

X Except so far as relates to Scotland.

§ Provisional!}.

Effect of Legislation.

46

(B.)

Acts of former Sessions (in Chronological Order) Repealed and Amende by Acts of 46 & 47 Vict.

13 Edw. 1. c. 18. in parb 21 Jas. 1. c. 3. in part 2 Will. & Mar. c. 5. s. 1.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 94. s. 1.

50 Geo. 3. c. 108. (that part remaining unrepealed).f 60 Geo. 3. & 1 Geo. 4. c. 11. s. 36.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 33. s. 16.

, c. 58. (except

s. 3.)

4 Geo. 4. c. 55. s. 82.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 87.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 62. s. 11.

, c. 83.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 67.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 54. s. 3.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55. s. 20.

, c. 79. ss. 4 and 7. c. 100.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 65.

, c. 79. in part

7 & 8 Vict. c. 69. in part§

, e.85. in part

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

10 & 11 Vict. e. 27.

| c. 100.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 88.

13 114 Vict. o. 104.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 57.

, c. 83.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 5.

, c. 69. s. 18.

, c. 115.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 71.

, c. 102. in part -, c. 104. in partf 211 22 Vict. c. 70.

, c. 75. ss. 1 and 2. I c. 87. -, c. 90~ -

22 Vict. c. 13.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 152.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 73.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 63. s. 13. (l)f

Execution by levying of lands, &c. Statute of Monopolies Distress -Criminal Lunatics British Fisheries

Elections (Ireland)

Lunatics (Ireland)

Elections (Ireland)

Elections (Ireland)

Registry of Deeds, &c. (Ireland) Statutory Declarations Act, 1835 Letters Patent for Inventions -Letters Patent for Inventions Criminal Lunatics Regulation of Railways and Conveyance of Troops.

Duties on Stage Carriages, &c. -Copyright of Designs Copyright of Designs - Fisheries Act, 1843 Judicial Committee: Patents -Construction of Railways Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

Harbours, &c. Act, 1847 Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1848.

Copyright of Designs Election Commissioners Act, 1852 Patent Law Amendment Act, 1852 Letters Patent for Inventions Service in the Navy Patent Law Amendment Borough Rates Act, 1854 Corrupt Practices Merchant Shipping Act, 1854 -Copyright of Designs Cheap Trains Corrupt Practices Medical Act (1858)

Patents for Inventions -Tramways (Ireland)

Copyright of Designs Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment.

Repealed* Repealed -Repealed -Repealed -Repealed -

Repealed -

Repealed -Repealed -

Repealed -Amended -Repealed -Repealed -Repealed -Repealed -RepealedJ-

Amended -Repealed -Repealed -Repealed -Repealed -RepealedJ-Amended -

Amended -Amended -Amended -

Repealed -Amended -Repealed -Repealed -RepealedJ-Repealed -Repealed -Repealed -Repealed -Repealed -RepealedJ-Repealed -Amended -Repealed -Amended -Repealed -Repealed -

52

57

61

38

41

51

38

51

51

2G

57

57

57

38

34

34

57

57

22

57 34 15

9

14

58

57

51

57

57

34

57

18

51

41

57

34

51

19

57

43

57

41

* As to England.

t Except so far as relates to Scotland.

j Except so far as relates to Ireland, &c. ~ iMAt

§ Sections 6 and 7 of this Act are repealed by the Statute Law Revision (No. 2) Act, l

487

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 46 & 47 Vict.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 89. - Companies Act, 1862 Amended - 28

26 & 27 Vict. c. 29. (except s. 6.) , c. 33. s. 14. - Corrupt Practices Repealed - 51

Inland Revenue - Repealed*- 34

28 & 29 Vict. c. 3. m Industrial Exhibitions Act, 1865 Repealed - 57

30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. in part - Representation of the People Act, 1867. Repealed - 51

c. 131. - . Companies Act, 1867 Amended - 28

31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. - Sea Fisheries Act, 1868 - Amended - 22

, c. 48. s.25. - Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868. Repealed - 51

, c. 49. s. 12. - Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868. Repealed - 51

, c. 58. s. 18. in part. Parliamentary Electors Registration Act, 1868. Repealed - 51

, c. 125. in part - Parliamentary Elections Act, 1868. Repealed - 51

32 & 33 Vict. c. 62. in part . Debtors Act, 1869 Repealed-)-- 52

c. 71. - - Bankruptcy Act, 1869 Repealed-)-- 52

, c. 83. in part - Bankruptcy Repeal and Insolvent Court Act, 1869. Repealed-)-- 52

, c. 102. - - Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans). Amended - 27

33 & 34 Vict. c. 27. - - Protection of Inventions Act, 1870. Repealed - 57

, c. 76. - Absconding Debtors Act, 1870 - Repealed-)-- 52

, c. 97. - . Stamp Act, 1870 - Amended - 55 and 57

, c. 112. - . Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870 - Amended - 8

34 & 35 Vict. c. 50. in part - Bankruptcy Disqualification Act, 1871. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Repealed-)-- 52

, c. 76. - Amended - 14

, c. 100. - - Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1871 - Amended - 8

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. in part - . Ballot Act, 1872 - Repealed - 51

, c. 44. - - Chancery Funds Act, 1872 Amended - 29

, c. 62. -36 & 37 Vict. c. 57. - - Education (Scotland) Amended - 56

. Consolidated Fund, &c. Act, 1873 Amended - 1 and 55

, c. 85. s. 8.J - Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment. Repealed - 41

37 & 38 Vict. c. 80. - - Constabulary (Ireland) - Amended - 14

, o. 86. - Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874. Amended - 33

38 Vict. c. 15. s. 3. - Sea Fisheries Act, 1875 - Repealed^ 22

38 & 39 Vict. c. 30. - . Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1875 - Amended - 8

, c. 45. - - Sinking Fund Act, 1875 Amended - 54

, c. 55. - . Public Health Act, 3875 Amended - 37 and 59

, c. 77. in part - Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875. Repealed-)- 52

c. 91. - . Trade Marks Registration Repealed - 57

, c. 92. - - Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1875. Repealed - 61

c 93 39 & 40 Vict. c.' 33.‘ - - Copyright of Designs Repealed - 57

Trade Marks Registration Repealed 57

, c. 36. - * Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 Amended - 10 and 55

* Except so far as relates to Ireland, &c. f As to England.

j Except so far as relates to Scotland.

§ Provisional!}.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chanter of 1 46 & 47 Vict.

39 & 40 Yicfc. c. 74. - Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1876. Repealed - 61

40 & 41 Vict. c. 27. - Public Works Loans (Ireland) - Amended - 42

, c. 37. - Trade Marks Registration Repealed - 57

, c. 42. s. 15. Fisheries Act, 1877 Repealed - 22

, c. 49. s. 32. General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877. Amended - 25

41 & 42 Vict. c. 6. Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1878 - Amended - 8

, c. 16. - Factory, &c. Act, 1878 - Amended - 53

, c. 52. Public Health (Ireland) - Amended - 59

, c. 78. - Education (Scotland) Amended - 56

42 & 43 Vict. c. 50. - Bills of Sale (Ireland) Act, 1879 Amended - 7

, c. 75. in part. - Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices. Repealed - 51

43 Vict. c. 12. ss. 2. and 3. - Hypothec Abolition (Scotland) Act, 1880. Repealed - 62

, c. 18. (except ss. 1. and 3.) Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices. Repealed - 51

43 & 44 Vict. c. 2. Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1880 - Amended . 8

, c. 10. s. 5. Great Seal Act, 1880 Repealed - 57

, c. 16. in part* Merchant Seamen (Payment of Wages, &c.) Repealed - 41

, c. 33. - Post Office (Money Orders) Act, 1880. Amended - 58

44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. - Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 - Amended - 43

, c. 58. - Ai'my Act, 1881 - Amended - 6

45 & 46 Vict. c. 25. - Prevention of Crime (Ireland) Act, 1882. Amended - 12

, c. 33. - Metropolitan Board of Works (Money). Amended - 27

, c. 47. - Arrears of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1882. Amended - 42 and 43

, -c. 50. - Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. Amended - 18

, c. 72. s. 16. - Revenue, Friendly Societies, and National Debt Act, 1882. Repealed - 57

* Except so far as relates to Scotland.

Repeals effected by the Statute Law Revision Act, 40 & 47 Vict. c. 39.

Act repealed by 40 & 47 Vict. c. 39. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 1. Consolidated Fund.

c. 4. Mutiny.

c. 5. Marine Mutiny.

c. 6, Regulation of Railways.

c. 8. Consolidated Fund.

c. 10. ss. 3., 8. Removal of Prisoners from ono Colony to another f ment.

Punish*

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 46 & 47 Vict. c. 39. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

oo & 33 Vict. — cont. c. 11. s. 5. c. 14. in pt. c. 15. s. 2. in pt. Coasting Trade and Merchant Shipping (British Possessions). Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. Qualification of Persons holding Civil Service Pensions, &c. to sit in Parliament.

c. 16. c. 18. s. 2. c. 19. s. 39. in pt. Norfolk Island (Diocese of Tasmania). Lands Clauses Consolidation Act Amendment. Mining Partnerships within Stannaries of Devon and Cornwall, &c.

c. 20. c. 22. c. 24. s. 1. in. pt. Validity of certain Statutes of University of Oxford. Exchequer Bonds. Newspapers, Pamphlets, &c., and Printers, Typefounders, and Reading Rooms.

e. 27. in pt. c. 29. c. 33. s. 6. c. 34. s. 1. c. 37. Beerhouses, &c. Title Deeds for Inam Lands. Collection of Judicial Statistics (Scotland). Appointment of Deputies by Stipendiary Magistrates. District Prothonotaries of Court of Common Pleas of Lancaster, &c.

c. 39. c. 41. s. 16. in pt. c. 43. s. 4. in pt. c. 44 in pt. c. 45. s. 6. in pt. c. 47. s. 6. c. 53. in pt. c. 54. in pt. c. 58. in pt. c. 59. in pt. c. 62. f. 7. c. 63. in pt. c. 65. c. 67. in pt. c. 68. s. 1. c. 71. in pt. o. 78. s. 2. in. pt. c. 82. in pt. c. 83. in pt. c. 85. c. 90. in pt. c. 91. in pt. c. 92. in pt. c. 93. c. 96. in pt. c. 97. in pt. . c. 98. s. 2. c. 100. in pt. c. 102. in pt. c. 103. in pt. c. 108. c. 109. s. 1. c. 110. in pt. c. 111. in pt. c. 112. s. 6. in pt. c. 114. s. 10. c. 116. in pt. c. 117. in pt. 33 & 34 Vict. c. 3. s. 4. o. 5. Hospitals, &c. (Scotland). Rating of Occupiers, and Poor's Rate. Payment of Diplomatic Salaries, Allowances, and Pensions. Greenwich Hospital, and Application of its Revenues. Repayment of Loans to Poor Law Unions. High Constables. Cinque Ports Act Amendment. Relief of the destitute Poor (Ireland). Public Schools. Investments for Saving Banks and Post Office Savings Banks. Abolition of Imprisonment for Debt, &c. Metropolitan Poor. Corrupt Practices amongst Freemen Electors of City of Dublin. Uniformity in Assessment of Rateable Property in the Metropolis. Law of Evidence. Bankruptcy Law Consolidation. Criminal Lunatics. Metropolitan Building Act, 1855, Amendment. Insolvent Debtors Court, &c. Expiring Laws Continuance. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Salaries, Expenses, and Funds of Courts of Law (England). Fisheries (Ireland). Consolidated Fund. Contagious Diseases. Better Government of India. Government of India. Borrowing Money for purposes of Sanitary Act, 1866. Borrowing of Money by Metropolitan Board of Works. Warehousing of Wines and Spirits, &c. Sanitary Act, 1866, so far as relates to Ireland. Presentations of Benefices, &c. Charitable Trusts Acts Amendment. Relief of Archbishops and Bishops when incapacitated by infirmity. Adulteration of Seeds. Abandonment of Railways and Dissolution of Railway Companies. Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868, Amendment. Pharmacy Act, 1868, Amendment. Laws and Regulations for certain parts of India. Consolidated Fund.

Act repealed by 46 & 47 Vict. c. 39. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

33 & 34 Vict. — cont. c. 7. c. 8. c. 9. c. 13. in pt. c. 14. in pt. c. 15. in pt. c. 16. in pt. c. 19. in pt. c. 20. s. 3. c. 23. s. 31. c. 24. s. 2. c. 27. s. 4. in pt. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856, Amendment. Surveys of Great Britain, Ireland, and the Isle of Man. Legal Condition of Aliens and British Subjects. Buildings and Property of County Courts (England). Boundary between Counties of Inverness and Elgin or Moray. Railway Companies Powers and Railway Construction Facilities. Mortgage Debenture Act, 1865, Amendment. Abolishing Forfeitures for Treason and Felony. Borrowing of Money by Metropolitan Board of Works. Protection of Inventions exhibited at International Exhibitions in United Kingdom.

c. 29. in pt. c. 31. c. 32. in pt. c. 41. c. 44. c. 45. c. 46. in pt. c. 50. c. 51. c. 52. s. 27. in pt. c. 53. ss. 3., 4. c. 59. s. 1. c. 60. ss. 3., 4. c. 61. in pt. c. 65. s. 4. c. 71. in pt. c. 73. in pt. c. 77. s. 7. in pt. c. 79. in pt. c. 80. c. 83. in pt. c. 84. c. 86. in pt. c. 90. s. 31. c. 96. in pt. c. 97. in pt. c. 98. in pt. c. 103. c. 105. c. 107. c-108. c-109. s. 4. in pt. | c. 110. inpt.-c- 111. s. 1. in pt 34 & 35 Vietc2^ c! 5. c. 6. c.7. c. 9. c 18 10. c-18- s. 1. in pt. c. 20. M c.21. Ci 22. in pt. Wine and Beerhouse Act, 1869, Amendment. Consolidated Fund. Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. Exchequer Bonds. Stamp Duty on certain Leases. Liverpool Admiralty District Registrar. Occupation and Ownership of Land (Ireland). Shipping Dues Exemption. Notices for holding of Vestries, &c. (Isle of Man). Extradition of Criminals. Sanitary and Sewage Utilization Acts Amendment. Contracts informally executed in India. Brokers of City of London. Life Assurance Companies. Advertisements respecting Stolen Goods. National Debt. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Qualifications, &c. of Special and Common Juries. Regulation of Duties of Postage, &c. Census (Ireland). Londonderry Police Force and Royal Irish Constabulary Force. Public Schools. Sheriffs and Sheriffs Substitute (Scotland). Foreign Enlistment. Consolidated Fund. Stamp Duties. Management of Stamp Duties. Expiring Laws Continuance. Truck Commission. Census (England). Census (Scotland). Common Law Procedure Amendment (Ireland). Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment. Beerhouses. * Glebe, Loans (Ireland). Committees on Provisional Order Bills. Assessment of Income Tax. Consolidated Fund. Consolidated Fund. Mutiny.' Marine Mutiny. County Justices Qualification Amendment. Consolidated Fund. Duties of Customs and Income Tax. Lunacy Regulation (Ireland).

Act repealed by 46 & 47 Vict. c. 39. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

34 & 35 Vict. — cont. c. 25. c. 26. in pt. c. 29. in pt. c. 30. in pt. c. 31. s. 24. c. 33. s. 1. in pt. c. 35. in pt. c. 36. in pt. c. 37. s. 2. in pt. c. 38. s. 1. in pt. c. 46. c. 47. in pt. c. 48. in pt. c. 49. ss. 4, 17. e. 51. c. 52. c. 58. s. 1. c. 59. s. 1. c. 60. in pt. c. 62. in pt. 0. 65. in pt. c. 68. ss. 2-4. c. 69. Protection of Life and Property in parts of Ireland. University Tests. Payment of Dividends on India Stocks. Further Regulation of the Duties on Postage. Trades Unions. Burial Law Amendment. Buildings and Property of Police Courts of Metropolis. Pensions Commutation. Tables of Lessons and Psalter in Prayer Book. Public Health (Scotland). Appointment of Gaoler, Chaplain, and Matron of Bath City Prison. Borrowing of Money by Metropolitan Board of Works. Oaths and Declarations. Matrimonial Causes and Marriage Law (Ireland) Amendment. Consolidated Fund. . Exchequer Bonds. Life Assurance Companies Act, 1870, Amendment. Public Libraries (Scotland). Public Schools. East India (Bishops Leave of Absence). Juries (Ireland). Glasgow Boundary. Suspension of certain provisions of Tramways Act, 1870, as to certain Provisional.Orders.

0. 72. in pt. Protection of Purchasers against Crown Debts, and Office of Registrar of Judgments, &c. of Court of Chancery, Ireland.

c. 73. in pt. c. 76. in pt. c. 78. in pt. c. 81, c. 82. c. 83. s. 2. c. 84. s. 2. c. 86. s. 2. c. 89. c. 91. in pt. c. 94. c. 95. c. 96. in pt. c. 97. c. 98. in pt. c. 99. s. 8. c. 100. s. 14. c. 101. in pt. c. 102. in pt. c. 103. in pt. c. 105. in pt. c. 109. s. 26. c. 110. s. 12. e. 111. in pt. c. 112. s. 21. c. 113. in pt. c. 2. b. 3. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. s. 7. Clerk of the Peace for County Palatine of Lancaster. Recovery of Small Debts, and Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Inspection and Regulation of Railways. Reductions ex capite Iecti (Scotland) Abolition. Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1871. House of Commons (Oaths to Witnesses). Limited Owners Residences Act, 1870. Army Regulation. Consolidated Fund. Despatch of Business by Judicial Committee of Privy Council. Elementary Education Act, 1870, Amendment. Expiring Laws Continuance. Pedlars' Certificates. Military Manoeuvres. Vaccination Act, 1867, Amendment. Civil Bill Courts Procedure (Ireland). Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870, Amendment. Chain Cables and Anchors. Charitable Donations and Bequests (Ireland). Customs and Inland Revenue. Petroleum, &c. Local Government (Ireland). Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment. Beerhouses (Ireland). Prevention of Crime. Metropolis Water. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Consolidated Fund. Poor Law Loans. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Bank of Ireland Charter Amendment.

Act repealed by 46 & 47 Vict. c. 39. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

35 & 36 Vict. — cont. c. 9. s. 3. c. 11. c. 14. s. 1. c. 20. in pt. c. 22. c. 23. in pt. c. 25. in pt. c. 30. s. 1. in pt. c. 37. c. 40. c. 43. Sale of Incumbered Estates (West Indies). Consolidated Fund. Alteration of Boundaries of Dioceses. Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. Party Processions (Ireland). Harbours and Coasts of Isle of Man. Juries Act (Ireland) 1871, Amendment. Chain Cables and Anchors Act, 1871, Suspension. Consolidated Fund. Bishops Resignation Act, 1869, Continuance. Suspension of certain provisions of Tramways Act, 1870, as to certain Provisional Orders.

c. 44. in pt. Abolition of Office of Accountant General of High Court of Chancery, &c.

c. 47. s. 2. c. 54. c. 55. s. 8. c. 57. in pt. c. 58. in pt. c. 59. c. 60. in pt. c. 62. in pt. c. 64. c. 65. in pt. c. 69. in pt. c. 70. b. 2. in pt. c. 73. in pt. c. 76. in pt. c. 77. in pt. c. 79. in pt. c. 80. Galashiels Jurisdiction Act Amendment. Public Schools. Basses Lights (Ceylon). Abolition of Imprisonment for Debt (Ireland). Bankruptcy Law Amendment (Ireland). Elementary Education Act, 1870, Amendment. Corrupt Practices at Municipal Elections. Education (Scotland). Military Manoeuvres. Bastardy Laws Amendment. Local Government Board (Ireland). Fees of Law Officers of the Crown (England). Merchant Shipping Acts and Passenger Acts Amendment. Coal, &c. Mines Regulation. Metalliferous Mines Regulation. Public Health. Kensington Station and North and South London Junction Railway.

c. 83. c. 85. in pt. c. 87. c. 88. c. 91. s. 9. c. 92. in pt. c. 93. in pt. e. 94. in Dt 36 & 37 Vict. c. 2.iSpt! c. 3. c. 7. c. 8. c. 9. in*pt. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. s. 3. c. 13. c. 14. in pt. c-17. in pt. Pensions Commutation Act, 1871, Extension. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Consolidated Fund. Expiring Laws Continuance. Municipal Corporations (Borough Funds). Parish Constables. Pawnbrokers (Great Britain). Sale of Intoxicating Liquors. Polling Districts (Ireland). Consolidated Fund. Endowed Schools (Time of Address). Income Tax Assessment. Bastardy Laws Amendment. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Custody of Infants. Special Commissioners of Salmon Fisheries (England). Portpatrick Harbour. East India Stock Dividend Redemption, and Dissolution of East India Company.

c. 18. in pt. c. 19. a. 10. c- 21. in pt. c. 23. c. 24. c. 26. Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. Poor Allotments Management. Abolition of Tests in Trinity College and University of Dublin. Superannuation Act Amendment. Peace Preservation (Ireland) Acts Continuance. Consolidated Fund.

Tablo B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — contimied.

493

Act repealed by 6 & 47 Vict. c. 39. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

37 Vict. — cont. c. 27. Juries (Ireland).

c. 30. in pt. Registration of Voters (Ireland).

o. 32. s. 1. in pt. East India Loan.

c. 37. s. 5. Fairs (England and Wales).

o. 38. s. 5. Vagrant Law Amendment.

c. 41. in pt. Public Schools (Shrewsbury and Harrow Schools Property).

c. 42. s. 2. Tithe Commutation Acts Amendment (as to Market Gardens).

c. 45. s. 9. Canada (Public Works) Loan.

c. 47. Blackwater Bridge (Composition of Debt).

c. 48. s. 33. Regulation of Railways.

c. 51. in pt. Superannuation of Prison Officers (Ireland).

c. 53. in pt. Highland Schools.

c. 54. Exchequer Bonds.

c. 58. Military Manoeuvres.

c. 59. in pt. Slave Trade (East African Courts).

c. 62. in pt. Public Schools (Eton College Property).

c. 63. in pt. Law Agents (Scotland).

e. 66. in pt. Supreme Court of Judicature.

c. 70. in pt. Revising Barristers.

c. 71. in pt. Salmon Fisheries (England and Wales).

c. 73. Public Health Act, 1872, Amendment (Cambridge Commissioners).

c. 74. Pay of the Royal Irish Constabulary.

c. 75. Expiring Laws Continuance.

c. 79. Consolidated Fund.

c. 81. s. 6. Langbaurgh Coroners.

c. 85. s. 33. Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment.

c. 86. in pt. Elementary Education Act (1870) Amendment.

c. 87. in pt. Endowed Schools.

c. 88. in pt. Slave Trade.

c. 89. in pt. Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, Amendment.

c. 90. in pt. Turnpike Acts Continuance.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 1. Consolidated Fund.

c. 2. Consolidated Fund.

c. 3. in pt. East India Loan.

c. 4. Mutiny.

c. 5. Marine Mutiny.

c. 7. in pt. Middlesex Sessions.

c. 9. Public Works Loans (School Boards).

c. 10. Consolidated Fund.

c. 13. Bishop of Calcutta (Leave of Absence).

c. 15. s. 4. in pt. Suppression of Betting Houses.

c. 16. Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

c. 21. in pt. Four Courts Marshalsea (Dublin) Discontinuance.

c. 22. Revenue Officers Electoral Disabilities.

c. 23. in pt. Resident Magistrates (Ireland) and Commissioners of Dublin

c. 24. s. 6. Police Salaries. Harbour of Colombo (Loan).

c. 25. s. 1. in pt. Herring Fishery Barrels.

c. 28. Juries (Ireland).

c. 34. s. 2. Apothecaries Act Amendment.

c. 40. s. 5. Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c.

c. 42. in pt. Building Societies.

c. 45. in pt. bounty of Hertford and Liberty of St. Alban.

c. 46. in pt. i Uustoms (Isle of Man) Tariff.

c. 49. in pt. ‘ Bale and Consumption of Intoxicating Liquors.

c. 51. in pt. 1 Proving and Sale of Chain Cables and Anchors.

c. 53. in pt. P ayment of Revising Barristers,

e. 54. | 14. I bating.

Act repealed by 46 & 47 Vict. c. 39. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

37 & 38 Vict. — cont. c. 56. Consolidated Fund.

c. 57. s. 9. in pt. Real Property Limitation.

c. 58. Police Expenses.

c. 60. Navigation of River Shannon.

c. 61. ss. 3 to 5. Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Corps Compensation.

c. 64. s. 1. Evidence Further Amendment (Scotland).

c. 67. ss. 11, 14. Slaughterhouses, &c. (Metropolis).

c. 69. in pt. Sale and Consumption of Intoxicating Liquors (Ireland).

c. 70. s. 4. Valuation of Rateable Property (Ireland).

c. 72. s. 3. Fines Act (Ireland), 1851, Amendment.

c. 73. s. 3. in pt. Post Office Savings Bank.

c. 74. in pt. Private Lunatic Asylums (Ireland).

c. 76. Expiring Laws Continuance.

c. 77. in pt. Colonial and certain other Clergy.

c. 80. in pt. Royal Irish Constabulary.

c. 81. in pt. Great Seal Offices, and Clerk of the Crown in Chancery.

c. 82. in pt. Appointment of Ministers to Parishes in Scotland.

c. 83. s. 1. Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, Suspension.

c. 86. ss. 6, 8. Irish Reproductive Loan Fund.

c. 87. in pt. Endowed Schools Acts Amendment.

c. 88. in pt. Registration of Births and Deaths.

c. 89. in pt. Sanitary Laws Amendment.

c. 92. s. 4. Alderney Harbour Transfer.

c. 94. in pt. Land Rights and Conveyancing (Scotland).

c. 95. in pt. Turnpike Acts Continuance.

38 | 39 Vict. c. 1. Consolidated Fund.

c. 2. Consolidated Fund.

c. 3. in pt. Metropolitan Police Magistrates' Salaries.

c. 5. s. 1. in pt. Registry of Deeds Office (Ireland).

c. 7. Mutiny.

c. 8. Marine Mutiny.

c. 9. s. 1. Building Societies.

c. 10. Consolidated Fund.

o. 13. b. 3. in pt. Bank Holidays Act, 1871, Extension.

c. 14. Peace Preservation (Ireland).

o. 15. s. 1. in pt. Sea Fisheries.

c. 17. in pt. Explosive Substances.

c. 19. Making perpetual the Bishops Resignation Act, 1869.

c. 21. s. 2. in pt. Public Entertainments (London and Westminster).

c. 23. in pt. Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

c. 25. in pt. Protection of Public Stores.

c. 26. s. 2. Bankruptcy Law Amendment (Scotland).

c. 28. s. 4. Metropolitan Police Staff Superannuation.

c. 30. Glebe Loans (Ireland).

c. 31. Railway Companies.

c- 34. s. 7. in pt. Bishopric of Saint Albans.

35. s. 3. in pt. rurnpike Roads (South Wales).

o. 37. furies (Ireland).

c. 39. s. 4. Metalliferous Mines Regulation.

c. 40. in pt. Municipal Elections.

c. 44. ] loyal Irish Constabulary.

c. 45. s. 6. ] National Debt (Sinking Fund).

c. 50. in pt. I bounty Courts.

c. 51. s. 11. ] Pacific Islanders Protection.

c- 55. in pt. ] Public Health (England).

c.57. inpt. ] c- 58._ss. 2., 3. Pharmacy (Ireland).

Public Works Loans (Money).

c. 60. in pt. ] friendly and other Societies.

Act repealed by 46 & 47 Vict. c. 39. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

38 & 39 Vict. — cont. 0. 61. in pt. c. 63. s. 1. c. 64. s. 1. c. 65. in pt. c. 67. s. 15. c. 72. c. 73. c. 74. s. 3. in pt. c. 76. 8. 6. c. 77. in pt. c. 78. c. 79. in pt. c. 83. s. 35. c. 86. s. 17. in pt. 0. 87. ss. 113., 129. c. 89. in pt. c. 94. s. 2. c. 96. s. 7. in pt. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 2. c. 4. c. 8. c. 9. c. 15. c. 16. in pt. c. 18. in pt. c. 20. in pt. c- 22. s. 16. in pt. c* 28. s. 7. in pt. c. 31. ss. 3., 8. c- 33. s. 1. in pt. c. 34. s. 1. c. 35. in pt. c. 36. in pt. c. 37. s. 4. c. 38. s. 1. c. 39. in pt. c. 40. in pt. c. 42. s. 3. c. 44. in pt. c. 45. in pt. 50. s. 3. in pt. °» 52. s. 3. in pt. c. 53. s. 6. 64. s. 5. in pt. c. 55. in pt. c- 56. s. 34. in pt. c. 59. in pt. c. 60. c. 61. in pt. c. 63. in pt. c. 64. c. 65. in pt. c. 68. 0. 69. c. 70. in pt. c. 72. 0. 73. s. 3. c. 74. in pt. Entail (Scotland). Sale of Food and Drugs. Government Officers' Security. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money). Private and District Lunatic Asylums (Ireland). Expiring Laws Continuance. East India Home Government (Appointments)! Public Health (Scotland) (Loans for Sanitary Purposes). Ecclesiastical Fees. Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, Amendment. Consolidated Fund. Legal Practitioners. Securities for Loans contracted by Local Authorities. Conspiracy, and Protection of Property. Land Titles and Transfer. Loans for Public Works. Offences against the Person. Payments to Teachers of National Schools (Ireland). Consolidated Fund. Consolidated Fund. Mutiny. Marine Mutiny. Consolidated Fund. Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. Treasury Solicitor, &c. Statute Law Revision. Trade Union Act, 1871. Admiralty Jurisdiction (Ireland). Public Works Loans. Trade Marks Registration. Elver Fishing. Customs Duties Consolidation. Customs Laws Consolidation. Quieting Possessions and Titles against the Crown. Orphan and deserted pauper Children (Ireland). Turnpike Acts Continuance. Medical Practitioners. Convict Prisons. Legal Practitioners (Ireland). Industrial and Provident Societies. Relief of the Poor (Ireland). Savings Banks Rules. Civil Servants' Superannuation. Exeter Diocese. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money). Commons Regulation, &c. Appellate Jurisdiction of House of Lords. Consolidated Fund. Divided Parishes, &c. Notices to Quit (Ireland). Police Expenses Tramways (Ireland). Superannuation, &c. (War Department and Pest Office). Expiring Laws Continuance. Sheriff Courts (Scotland). Norwich and Boston Corrupt Voters. Pensions Commutation Act, 1871, Amendment. Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1875, Amendment.

AvT

Act repealed by 46 & 47 Vict. c. 36.

Subject-matter of Act repealed.

39 & 40 Vict. — cont.

c. 75. s. 13. in pt. c. 76. in pt. c. 78. in pt. c. 79. in pt. c. 8Q. in pt.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 1.

" c. 2. s. 6." in pt.

c. 3. in pt. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. . c. 9. in pt. c. 11. s. 2. c. 12. c. 13. in pt. c. 18. in pt.

c. 19. «. 20. s. 1. c. 21. in pt.

c. 24. c. 25. in pt. c. 27. in pt. c. 32 in pt. c. 37. c. 38. c. 42. s. 16. c. 43. in pt. c. 48. in pt. c. 49. in pt. c. 50. in pt. c. 51. s. 19. c. 52. in pt. c. 53. in pt. c. 56. in pt. c. 57. in pt. c. 58. c. 61. e. 63. s. 3. c. 64. in pt. c- 66. s. 4. in pt. j c. 67.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 6. c. 7. c. 9. c. 10. c-15. in pt. c. 16. in pt. c-18. in pt. c. 21. c. 22. c. 26. s. 42. Ci 30. in pt.

c. 35. 0. 36.

Pollution of Rivers.

Municipal Corporations (Ireland).

Trial by Jury (Ireland).

Elementary Education.

Merchant Shipping Acts Amendment.

Consolidated Fund.

Treasury Bills and Exchequer Bills.

Publicans' Certificates (Scotland) Act, 1876, Amendment, Exchequer Bills, &c.

Consolidated Fund.

Mutiny.

Marine Mutiny.

Supreme Court of Judicature Acts, 1873 and 1875, Amendment. Judicial Proceedings (Rating).

Consolidated Fund.

Customs, Inland Revenue, and Savings Banks.

Leases and Sales of Settled Estates.

Public Works Loans.

Royal Irish Constabulary.

Prisons (England)..

Consolidated Fund.

Solicitors.

Public Works Loans (Ireland).

Public Works Loans.

Registration of Trade Marks.

Board of Education (Scotland).

Oyster, Crab, and Lobster Fisheries, &c.

Justices' Clerks, &c.

Oxford and Cambridge Universities.

Prisons (Ireland).

Sheriff Courts (Scotland).

Government of India (Money).

Metropolitan Board of Works (Money).

Prisons (Scotland).

County Courts and Officers (Ireland).

Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland).

Police Expenses.

Consolidated Fund.

Building Societies Act, 1874, Amendment.

Turnpike Acts Continuance.

Local Taxation Returns (England).

Expiring Laws Continuance.

Consolidated Fund.

Exchequer Bonds, &c.

Glebe Loan (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1875, Amendment. Exchequer Bonds.

Consolidated Fund.

Mutiny.

Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

Factories and Workshops Law Consolidation.

Public Works Loans.

Consolidated Fund.

Exchequer Bonds.

Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878.

Election of Commissioners under General Police and Improvemen (Scotland) Act, 1862.

Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875, Extension.

Police Expenses,

Effect of Legislation.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

497

j883.

Act repealed by 46 & 47 Vict. c. 39. Subject-matter of Act repealel.

ai & 42 Vict. — cont. c. 37. in pt. C. 39. s. 13. c. 45. c. 47. s. 1. c. 48. c. 49. s. 86. in pt. c. 50. ss. 2, 6. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money). Protection of Freshwater Fish. Consolidated Fund. Elders Widows' Fund. Endowed Schools, &c. (Scotland). Weights and Measures. County of Hertford and Liberty of St. Alban Act, 1874, Amendment.

c. 51. in pt. c. 52. in pt-c. 53. in pt. c. 62. in pt. c. 64. c. 65. c. 66. in pt. c. 67. in pt. c. 69. in pt. c. 70. c. 72. s. 4. in pt. c. 74. in pt. c. 77. in pt. c. 78. s. 14. Roads and Bridges (Scotland). Public Health (Ireland). Admiralty and War Office Regulation. Turnpike Acts Continuance. Exchequer Bonds, &c. Consolidated Fund. Intermediate Education (Ireland). Foreign Jurisdiction Acts Amendment. Clerk of Petty Sessions, &c. (Ireland). Expiring Laws Continuance. Sale of Intoxicating Liquors on Sunday (Ireland). Contagious Diseases (Animals). Highways and Locomotives. Education (Scotland).

Repeals effected by the Statute Law Revision and Civil Procedure Act, 46 8f 47 Vict. c. 49.

Act repealed by 46 & 47 Vict. c. 49.* Subject-matter of Act repealed.

11 Hen. 7. c. 12. 23 Hen. 8. c. 15. 9 Anne, c. 25. in pt. 1 Will. 4. c. 21. , c. 22. in pt. 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 58. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 69. 6 & 7 Vict. c. 67. Forma pauperis. Costs: Forma pauperis. Municipal Boroughs, &c. Proceedings in prohibition and on writs of mandamus. Examination of witnesses upon interrogatories and otherwise. Relief against adverse claims. Perpetuating testimony in certain cases. Prosecuting writs of error upon proceedings on writs of mandamus.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 35. 15 & 16 Vict. c. 76. in pt. , c. 80. in pt. Delay and expense of proceedings in High Court of Chancery. Common Law Procedure Act, 1852. Abolishing Office of Master in Ordinary of High Court of Chancery, &c.

, c. 86. in pt. 17 & 18 Vict. c.125. in pt. 18 & 19 Vict. c. 67. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 27. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 38. in pt. , c. 126.inpt. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 42. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 64. Practice, &c. in High Court of Chancery. Common Law Procedure Act, 1854. Summary Procedure on Bills of Exchange Act, 1855. Chancery Amendment Act, 1858. Law of Property. Common Law Procedure Act, 1860. Chancery Regulation Act, 1862. Despatch of business in Court of Appeal in Chancery.

Also enactments in Part II. of Schedule to 42 & 43 Vict. c. 59., Civil Procedure Acts Repeal Act, 1879.

* See Note prefixed to Schedule to the Act.

