THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

FORTY-SEVENTH AND FORTY-EIGHTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1884:

WITH

A COPIOUS INDEX, TABLES,

&c.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY GEORGE EDWARD EYRE AND WILLIAM SPOTTISWOODE,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:

And Published in Numbers, Price 2d. each,

AT THE QUEEN'S PRINTING OFFICE, EAST HARDING STREET,

NEAR FLEET STREET.

1884.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Fifth Session of the Twenty-Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

1. AN Act for settling and securing an Annuity upon the Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., in consideration of his eminent Services. 1

2. An Act to make further provision respecting the Conversion into Two and a half per Cent. Annuities of Three per Cent. Annuities held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of Savings Banks, and for the Redemption of the Indian Loan Annuity, 1881. 2

3. An Act for the Relief of the Brokers of the City of London. 3

4. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five. 7

5. An Act to amend the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, by giving greater facilities for Appeal to owners and lessees of houses paying rates and taxes in the place of the occupiers. 8

6. An Act to confer further powers upon the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland of acquiring lands in Dublin for all or any of the purposes of the Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877. 9

7. An Act for amending the Isle of Man Harbours Acts, 1872 and 1874. 10

8. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. 12

9. An Act to amend the Law as to Appeals in Bankruptcy from County Courts. 15

10. An Act to amend the Irish Church Act, 1869; and for other purposes. 16

11. An Act for the further Protection of Fish other than Salmon in Fresh Waters. 17

12. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, so far as relates to the Confirmation of Byelaws. 2(1

13. An Act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878. 21

14. An Act to amend the sixteenth section of the Married Women's Property Act, 1882. 22

15. An Act to apply the sum of six million five hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five. 23

16. An Act to apply to Scotland certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883. 23

17. An Act to provide for the appointment of an additional Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis and for other purposes relating to the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of such Police.

18. An Act to amend the Settled Land Act, 1882.

19. An Act to amend the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts so far as they relate to Children and young Persons.

20. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages of Members of the Greek Church in England.

21. An Act to provide for the better administration of the Fund under the control of the Trustees to aid the Sea and Coast Fisheries of Ireland; and for other purposes in relation thereto.

22. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Buildings of Non-vested National Schools and Training Colleges in Ireland. 37

23. An Act for giving Facilities for the Conversion of Three per Cent. Stock into Stock of a Lower Denomination, and for other purposes relating thereto.

24. An Act to amend the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act. 43

25. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue. 44

26. An Act to amend the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877. 47

27. An Act to further amend the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868. 47

28. An Act to amend the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883. 47

29. An Act to extend Section forty-one of the Licensing Act, 1872.

30. An Act to simplify the passing of Instruments under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom. 49

31. An Act to make further provision respecting the removal of Prisoners and Criminal Lunatics from Her Majesty's possessions out of the United Kingdom. 50

32. An Act for transferring the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea from the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

33. An Act to make provision for the foundation of a Dean and Chapter for the Bishopric of Newcastle, and for the transfer to the Cathedral Church of Newcastle of one of the canonries in the Cathedral Church of Durham, and for the transfer of certain ecclesiastical patronage to the Bishopric and Chapter of Newcastle, and for other purposes connected therewith. 57

34. An Act to extend the Hours of Polling at Parliamentary and Municipal Elections in certain Boroughs. 61

35. An Act to facilitate the Revision of Lists of Jurors and Voters, and the Registration of Voters, in the county of Dublin. 69

36. An Act to amend the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877, in certain particulars. 64

37. An Act to amend the Public Libraries Acts. 64

38. An Act to provide for the regulation of Her Majesty's Indian Marine Service. 66

39. An Act to amend the Naval Discipline Act, 1866. 69

40. An Act for enabling Manx Children to be sent to Reformatory or Industrial Schools in Great Britain. 71

41. An Act to amend the Building Societies Act, 1874. 79

42. An Act to amend the Sheriff Court Houses Act, 1860. 74

43. An Act to repeal divers Enactments rendered unnecessary by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts and other Acts relating to Proceedings before Courts of Summary Jurisdiction, and to make further provision for the uniformity of Proceedings before those Courts. 76

44. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Payment of Naval and Greenwich Hospital Pensions. 99

45. An Act to amend the National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879, in so far as it relates to the Loans for Teachers' Residences. 101

46. An Act to amend the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853, and for other purposes connected therewith. 101

47. An Act to enable Local Authorities to transfer the whole or certain parts of their Districts for the purposes of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, to the Districts of neighbouring Local Authorities. 104

48. An Act to promote the Cultivation of Oysters in Ireland. 106

49. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and of loans and purchases by the Irish Land Commission. 110

50. An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes. 111

51. An Act to remove doubts as to the powers of the Secretary of State in relation to the altering, enlarging, rebuilding, and building of Prisons, and appropriating any Building for a Prison. 121

52. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith. 122

53. An Act to continue various expiring Laws. 133

54. An Act to consolidate and amend the law relating to the Registration of Deeds and other matters affecting lands and hereditaments within the North, East, and West Ridings of the County of York. 136

55. An Act to make further provision with regard to the Pensions of Soldiers, and to the Pay and Pensions of the Yeomanry, and for other purposes. 156

56. An Act to declare the Law relating to the Incorporation of Chartered Companies. 160

57. An Act to extend certain Powers given by the Superannuation Act Amendment Act, 1873. 160

58. An Act for amending the Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879. 162

59. An Act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals. 163

60. An Act to enable the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylums District to borrow for certain purposes of the Diseases Prevention (Metropolis) Act, 1883. 164

61. An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts; and for other purposes. 165

62. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue and to the Audit of Public Accounts, and for other purposes connected with the Public Revenue and Expenditure. 170

63. An Act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867. 175

64. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Criminal Lunatics. 177

65. An Act to further amend the New Parishes Acts and the Church Building Acts. 186

66. An Act to provide for the disunion of the Sees of Gloucester and Bristol, and the constitution of a separate Bishopric of Bristol. 189

67. An Act to prohibit charges for Improvements upon Ecclesiastical Lands otherwise than with the consent of the Patron and Bishop. 191

68. An Act to amend the Matrimonial Causes Acts. 102

69. An Act to make better provision against Cholera and other dangerous Epidemic Diseases. 103

70. An Act for the better Prevention of Corrupt and Illegal Practices at Municipal and other Elections. 194

71. An Act to amend the Law respecting the administration of the Personal Estate and the Escheat of the Real Estate of Deceased Persons; and for other purposes. 217

72. An Act for preventing the erection of Buildings on Disused Burial Grounds. 219

73. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, and to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 220

74. An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to the Officers of Local Authorities. 234

75. An Act to amend the Canal Boats Act, 1877. 234

76. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Protection of the Post Office and to Offences committed in relation to the Post Office. 236

77. An Act to amend the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, with reference to Sanitary Districts. 245

78. An Act to suspend, on account of Corrupt Practices, the issue during the prorogation of Parliament of writs for the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in the present Parliament for certain cities and boroughs. 248

[Partial list of local acts removed.]

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

47 Victoria.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity upon the Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.O.B., in consideration of his eminent Services.

[24th March 1884.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

---

WHEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland did, by an humble address to Your Majesty, pray Your Majesty that you would be graciously pleased to confer some signal mark of your royal favour upon the Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., Speaker of the House of Commons, for his eminent services during the important period in which he had with such distinguished ability and dignity presided in the Chair of the House, and did assure Your Majesty that whatever expense Your Majesty should think proper to be incurred upon that account the said House would make good the same : And whereas Your Majesty in answer to the said address was graciously pleased to declare that Your Majesty was desirous, in compliance with the wishes of your faithful Commons, to confer upon the said Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand some signal mark of your royal favour, but as the same could not be effectually granted and secured without the concurrence of Parliament, Your Majesty recommended to the House of Commons the adoption of such measures as might be necessary for the accomplishment of that purpose: Now we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have resolved that the annual sum of four thousand pounds net be granted to Your Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said annuity to commence and take effect upon the day upon which the Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., late Speaker of the House of Commons, ceased to hold the office of Speaker of the House of Commons, to be settled in the most beneficial manner upon and to continue during the life of him the said Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

A

2 Ch. 1, | Mr. Speakers Retirement Act, 1884. 47 Vict.

An annuity of 1. One annuity of four thousand pounds shall be payable out of 4,0001. to he and charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom Ri'ht Honour- of Great Britain and Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient to able Sir Heniy pay all such sums of money as have been directed by former Acts of Brand. Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with preference to all

other payments which may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said fund), and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, except income tax, to the said Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., during his natural life, which said annuity shall commence and take effect upon the day upon which he the said Right Honourable Sir Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., ceased to hold the office of Speaker of the House of Commons, the first payment to be computed from the said day until the next ensuing quarterly day of payment, and from thenceforward shall be paid quarterly on the fifth day of July, the fifth day of October, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April, by equal portions; and a proportionate part shall be payable for the period between the last quarterly day of payment and the date of the determination of the said annuity : Provided that one half of the said annuity shall abate and be suspended during any period in which the said Right Honourable Sir 'Henry Bouverie William Brand, G.C.B., may hereafter hold any place, office, or employment under Her Majesty of equal or greater amount in salary, profits, or emolument than the amount of such annuity.

Treasury to 2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are hereby direct payment authorised and required by warrant or warrants under their hands of annuity. direct the payment of the said annuity according to the provisions herein-before contained.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to make further provision respecting the Conversion into Two and a half per Cent. Annuities of Three per Cent. Annuities held by the National Debt Commissioners on account of Savings Banks, and for the Redemption of the Indian Loan Annuity, 1881.

[24th March 1881.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the National Debt Act, 1884.

Amendment as 2. Whereas by the Savings Banks Act, 1863, as amended by the

of terminable National Debt Act, 1883, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's annuity upon Treasury (in this section referred to as the Treasury) were em-conversion of powered to convert portions of the three pounds per centum three per cents perpetual annuities held by the Commissioners for the Reduction National Debt of the National Debt (in this section referred to as the National Commissioners Debt Commissioners) on account of post office savings banks into hauler cents'1 an eclua^ amount of two pounds ten shillings per centum perpetual annuities, and to pay the difference in value by a terminable annuity

National Debt Act, 1884.

Ch. 2, 3.

3

for a term not exceeding twenty years from the date of the creation 26 & 27 Vict. thereof and of an amount determined as therein mentioned, and it is "g1*- Vict expedient to alter the amount of the said annuity: Be it therefore c. 54. enacted as follows:

Any such terminable annuity shall be of equivalent capital value to the difference between the prices certified by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to be on the day agreed on by the Treasury and the National Debt Commissioners as the day of conversion, the market prices respectively of the perpetual annuities converted and the two pounds ten shillings per centum perpetual annuities into which they are converted, with such addition to the said difference as the Treasury in agreement with the National Debt Commissioners may determine to be necessary in order to secure the said Commissioners from any loss by reason of the conversion, and the said equivalent capital value shall be ascertained on the basis of the interest yielded by the three pounds per centum consolidated perpetual annuities at the price certified by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to be the average price on the said day of conversion.

3. Whereas in pursuance of section seven of the National Debt Re^p*f°tgr0^ Act, 1883, the Treasury paid one million pounds for the redemption ^abie anuui-of a portion of the terminable annuity created in pursuance of the ties under Indian Loan Act, 1881, and it is expedient to authorise the redemp- 44 & 45 ^ict-tion of the residue of that annuity: Be it therefore enacted as 46 &'47 vict follows: c. 54.

The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from time to time pay out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing produce thereof, to the Commissioners for the deduction of the National Debt such sums as are necessary for the redemption of the whole or part of the residue of the said terminable annuity, and the National Debt Act, 1883, shall apply in like manner as if any sum so paid were the sum of one million pounds mentioned in section seven of that Act, and upon the cancellation in accordance with that section, as hereby extended, of the last remaining portion of the said annuity, the said section seven and the Indian Loan Act, 1881, shall be repealed.

chapter 3.

An Act for the Relief of the Brokers of the City of London. [24th March 1884.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled " An Act for repealing " the Act of the first year of King James the First, intituled * An " 5 Act for the well garbling of spices, and for granting an equivalent " ‘ to the city of London by admitting brokers,' " it was, amongst other things, enacted that, from and after the determination of the then session of Parliament, all persons that should act as brokers within the city of London and liberties thereof should from time to time be admitted so to do by the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city for the time being, under such restrictions and limita-

4

Ch. 3.

London Brokers' Relief Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

tions for their honest and good behaviour as the said court should think fit and reasonable, and should upon such their admission pay to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, for the uses therein-after mentioned, the sum of forty shillings, and should also yearly pay to the said uses the sum of forty shillings upon the twenty-ninth day of September in every year; and it was further enacted, that if any person or persons, from and after the determination of the then session of Parliament, should take upon him to act as a broker or employ any other under him to act as such within the said city and liberties, not being admitted as aforesaid, every such person so offending should forfeit and pay to the use of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city for every such offence the sum of twenty-five pounds, to be recovered as in the said Act is mentioned:

And whereas by an Act (local and personal) made and passed in the fifty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled " An Act for granting an equivalent for the diminution of " the profits of the office of gauger of the city of London, and " increasing the payments to be made by brokers," after reciting, amongst other things, the before-mentioned Act, it was, amongst other things, enacted that all persons that from and after the first day of July next after the passing of that Act should be admitted to act as brokers within the city of London and liberties thereof by the said court, in pursuance of the said recited Act of Parliament, should upon such their admission, over and above the sum of forty shillings required to be paid by the said recited Act, pay to the chamberlain of the- said city for the time being the sum of. three pounds, and should also yearly pay to the said chamberlain, over and above the said yearly sum of forty shillings required to be paid by the said recited Act, the sum of three pounds-on the twenty-ninth day of September in every year; and it was, amongst other things, further enacted, that so much of the said recited Act as imposed a penalty of twenty-five pounds upon any person who should take upon him to act as a broker, or employ any person under him to act as such, not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Act, should be and the same was thereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of the now reciting Act, if any person should take upon him to act as a broker or employ or cause, permit, or suffer any person or persons to be employed with, under, or for him to act as such within the said city and liberties, not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Act, every such person so offending should forfeit and pay to the use of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as in the now reciting Act is mentioned:

And whereas the said court of mayor and aldermen of the said city (herein-after called the court), acting by virtue of the powers conferred upon them by the said recited Acts or one of them, or by virtue of some other authority from time to time, made and established rules and regulations for the admission of brokers within the city of London and liberties thereof, and imposed restrictions and limitations on the manner in which the persons whom they

London Brokers' Relief Act, 1884.

Ch. 3.

5

admitted into the office and employment of a broker within the said city and liberties thereof were to carry on their business as brokers, and exercised and claimed a right to exercise jurisdiction and control over such brokers for the purpose of enforcing the observance of the said regulations, restrictions, and limitations:

And whereas the court also required every broker admitted by them to find two sureties, to be approved of by the court, to enter into a bond for the due and just execution by the broker of his said office and employment, or in place of such sureties required such broker to transfer into the joint names of himself and the chamberlain of the said city stock in the public funds to the nominal amount of one thousand pounds:

And whereas the court also required each broker admitted by them to enter into his own bond in the penal sum of one thousand pounds to secure the due performance of his duties as a broker, and also to secure the annual payment of the sums of two pounds and three pounds to the chamberlain of the city, pursuant to the provisions of the said Act of the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne and of the fifty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Third:

And whereas by the London Brokers' Relief Act, 1870, after reciting as or to the effect before recited, and that it was expedient to relieve the said brokers from the necessity of providing such sureties or entering into such personal bond as aforesaid, and from the jurisdiction and supervision exercised by the court over the brokers, it was, amongst other things, enacted that after the passing of the Act now in recital the court should not require a broker by himself or sureties to give any bond on his admission as a broker, and the jurisdiction, supervision, and control of the court over brokers in the said city of London and the liberties thereof should cease, and the court should not have the power to make or enforce any rules, orders, regulations, restrictions, limitations, or penalties affecting, except as therein-after mentioned, the admission of such brokers or the manner in which the business of such brokers should be carried on : And it was further enacted that, except as therein expressly enacted, the Act now in recital should not extend to take away from the court such right as they had then under the before recited Acts to. require brokers to be admitted, or to repeal the penalty of one hundred pounds imposed by the said Act of the fifty-seventh George the Third in the case therein mentioned, or affect the liability of brokers when admitted to pay to the chamberlain of the said city for the uses mentioned in the said before recited Acts respectively the sums of forty shillings and three pounds on admission, and the yearly sums of forty shillings and three pounds made payable by the said before recited Acts respectively : Arid it was further enacted, that the court should keep a list containing the names and addresses of all brokers who should from time to time have been admitted, and if any such broker should be convicted in any criminal court of felony or fraud, or if a judge of any of the superior courts of law or equity or a judge in bankruptcy should in any action, suit, or other proceeding prosecuted or depending before such judge, and to which such broker should be a

i Ch. 3. London Brokers' Relief Act, 1884. 47 Vict.

party, certify (as he was thereby empowered to do) that such broker had been guilty of fraud, and that he ought to be disqualified from acting as a broker altogether, or for such period as such judge should name in the certificate, such broker should accordingly be disqualified as from the date of such conviction or certificate, and his name should thereupon be removed by the court of aldermen from the list of brokers either absolutely or for the time mentioned in such certificate:

And whereas it is expedient that brokers should be relieved from the necessity of being admitted by the court, and from the payment to the chamberlain of the said city of the said sums of forty shillings and three pounds on admission, and that the yearly sums of forty shillings and three pounds payable by or under the said recited Acts should cease to be payable after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and that the court should from that date be relieved from the duty of keeping a list containing the names and addresses of brokers as herein-after provided:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the London Brokers' Belief Act, 1884.

Admission by 2. After the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight court of alder- hundred and eighty-six the court shall not require nor shall it be

men, and pay- 52'38 .

ments by necessary tor any person to be admitted by the court to act as a brokers in broker within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and abolished616^ brokers so acting shall not after that day be liable to pay to the chamberlain of the said city the yearly or other sums of forty shillings and three pounds respectively made payable by the before recited Acts or some or one of them, or any other sum or sums of money whatsoever, anything in the said Acts or in any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty re- 3. So much of the second section of the said Act of the fifty-

pealed. seventh year of the reign of King George the Third, as imposes a

penalty of one hundred pounds on any person acting as a broker, or employing or causing or permitting or suffering any person or persons to be employed with, under, or for him to act as such, within the said city and liberties, not being admitted in pursuance of the said Act of the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, is as from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six hereby repealed.

Repeal of s. 6 4. Section six of the London Brokers' Belief Act, 1870, is as

of Act of 1870. from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six hereby repealed.

1884.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1884.

Ch. 4.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty* first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

[28th March 1884.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Com-I mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time I#sue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the. United jo^out^f the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making Consolidated good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the the

years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight y^-'s ending6 hundred and eighty-three and one thousand eight hundred and 31st March eighty-four the sum of one million three hundred and eighty-four 1883 and 1884. thousand six hundred and fifty-five pounds fourteen shillings and tenpence.'

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United ou'^of th50/ Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making Consolidated good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the Eundfor the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight ye^ ending10 hundred and eighty-five, the sum of ten million four hundred and 3ist March thirty-two thousand eight hundred and fifty pounds. 1885.

3. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to £°wer *°the time, on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding borrowJ °

in the whole the sum of eleven million eight hundred and seventeen thousand five hundred and five pounds fourteen shillings and ten-pence, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, Short title. 1884.

8

Ch. 5. Valuation (.Metropolis) Amendment Act, 1884. 47 Vict.

32 & 38 Vict. o. 67.

Short title and construction.

Enabling owners and lessees to appeal.

One notice or objection may include one or more separately assessed hereditaments.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, by giving greater facilities for appeal to owners and lessees of houses paying rates and taxes in the place of the occupiers. [28th March 1884.]

WHEREAS the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, does not sufficiently provide for objections to and appeals against] valuation lists in the case of owners and lessees who by contract! or arrangement pay tenants rates and taxes, more especially when such houses are subdivided into tenements separately rated as hereditaments in such valuation lists:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same (as follows):

1. This Act may be cited as the Valuation .(Metropolis) Amendment Act, 1884, and shall be read and construed as one Act with the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869 (herein-after called the principal Act).

2. Section seventy of the principal Act is hereby repealed, and in lieu -thereof it is enacted as follows: Where the owner or lessee of any hereditament is liable to be assessed for any rate or tax in the place of the occupier or tenant, or does in fact pay any such rate or tax in his place under any contract or arrangement with him, such owijer or lessee shall for the purposes of this Act and the Acts incorporated therewith be deemed to be the occupier of such hereditament, and the person referred to as the ratepayer in sections nineteen and thirty-two of the principal Act, and the person who is to make to the overseers of his parish the'statement or return referred to in the fifty-fifth section of the principal Act.

Provided, that any form of return, order, notice, or document required to be given to or served on the occupier under the principal Act shall, except where the owner or lessee is liable to be assessed to or to pay any rate or tax in the place of the occupier, be deemed to be sufficiently given or served, notwithstanding this Act, if addressed to such occupier and left on the premises to which the return, order, notice, or document relates.

3. Where any occupier or ratepayer, or any owner or lessee deemed to be an occupier or ratepayer within the meaning of section two of this Act, shall object to the valuation list in respect of any hereditaments, whether consisting of a house or houses subdivided into tenements separately assessed as hereditaments or of separate houses or tenements not so subdivided, it shall be lawful for him to include in any one notice made in pursuance of section thirty-three of the principal Act or otherwise, or in any one objection, appeal, or other proceeding under the principal Act and the Acts incorporated therewith, the whole or any one or more of the hereditaments separately assessed and comprised in one valuation list of which he is or is deemed to be the occupier or ratepayer.

Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1884

Ch. 6.

9

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to confer further powers upon the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland of acquiring lands in Dublin for all or any of the purposes of the Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877. [28th April 1884.]

WHEREAS by the Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877, *o & 41 riot.

I (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1877,") the lands of c-CCIXXly-the Royal Dublin Society therein mentioned were vested in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland (in this Act referred to as the Commissioners) and the Commissioners were authorised to acquire other lands for the purpose of the erection of a science and art museum in Dublin, and the establishment of a national library in Dublin, and for the other purposes of that Act:

And whereas the Commissioners require further powers of acquiring lands for the purposes of the Act of 1877:

And whereas duplicate plans showing the lands which may be required by the Commissioners for the purposes of the Act of 1877 (in'1 this Act referred to as the prescribed lands) and also a book of reference to such plans containing the names of the owners and lessees, or reputed owners and lessees, and of the occupiers of the said lands, and describing the said lands, have been duly deposited with the respective clerks of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin and for the county of Dublin:

And whereas the prescribed lands cannot be acquired without the authority of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent Of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Dublin Science and Art Museum Short title. Act, 1884, and this Act and the Act of 1877 may be cited together as the Dublin Science and Art Museum Acts, 1877 and 1884.

2. (L), Thqt Commissioners may purchase, take, and use for the Power to take purposes of the Act of 1877, all or any of the prescribed lands, and lan<* may removd the buildings thereon, and sell or dispose of the materials thereof.

(%) For the purpose of such purchase there shall be incorporated with this Act the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, as amended by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act,

1860, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, the Railways Act (Ireland),

1860,- the Railways Act (Ireland); 1864, and the Railways Traverse Act, subject as follows:

(a.) There shall not be incorporated with this Act sections one hundred and twenty-seven]^ one hundred and thirty-two, both inclusive, of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the sale of superfluous land, nor sections one hundred and fifty and one hundred and fifty-one relating to access to the special Act.

In the construction of the said Acts for the purposes of this Act, " the promoters of the undertaking fj and " the company | shall respectively be construed to mean the Commissioners, and

IX) Ch. 6, 7. Dublin Science cmd Art Museum Act, 1884. 47 Yictj

the Act of 1877, as amended by this Act, shall be deemed to be the special Act, but the date for the period of compulsory* purchase shall run from the passing of this Act.

(c.) Any arbitrator who under the said Acts would be appointedi by the Commissioners shall be appointed by the Board of Trade, by order in writing under the hand of the President or one of the secretaries of the Board, and the said Acts shall, apply as if in the provisions relating to the arbitrator the Board of Trade were therein mentioned in' lieu of the Com| , missioners.

General pro- 3. (l.) All lands taken or acquired by the Commissioners .under purcha»f of authority of this Act shall be held by the Commissioners in

lands by Com- trust for Her Majesty, Her heirs and successors, for the purposes of missioners. the Act of 1877. ;

- (2.) The Commissioners may from time to time, sell, exchange,* or lease all or any of the lands taken or acquired by them under the authority of this Act, which may not be required for the purposes of the Act of 1877.

(3.) Any purchase, sale, exchange, or lease of land, in pursuance of this Act, shall not be made or granted, except with the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, but it shall not be necessary for the person who sells or purchases any such land, or takes the same in exchange or on lease, to ascertain that the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury has been given to such sale, purchase, exchange, or lease.

(4.) All moneys paid to the Commissioners in respect of any materials, or lands Bold by them under the authority of this Act, shall be paid into the Exchequer, and all expenses of the Commissioners under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act for amending the Isle of Man Harbours Acts, 1872 and 1874. . April 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent" of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title and . 1. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1884,

construction, shall be construed as one with the Isle of Man Harbours Act,

1872, and Acts amending it, and any expressions defined by thos§. Acts shall in this Act have the meanings thereby assigned to them. Regulation of , 2. — (1.) Subsection one of section thirteen of the Isle of Man

Ucenw* for Harbours Act, 1872, is hereby repealed in so far as it relates to ferry boats. ferries and ferry boats, and the power to make byelaws conferred by that section shall be deemed to extend to all or any of the fol-' lowing purposes; namely,

For the regulation of ferries, and for licensing and regulating ferry boats plying for hire in any of the harbours or on the coast of the island, and for fixing the terms and conditions on

hie of Man Ha/rbowrs Act, 1884.

Ch. 7.

11

which licenses shall be granted, and whether the same shall be granted for a fixed sum or to the highest bidder by auction, or otherwise; and for regulating the conduct of the proprietors, crews, or persons having the charge, command, or management thereof, and for fixing the number of passengers or persons to be carried in any such boats, and the rates or fares to be paid for conveyance therein.

(2.) Nothing in this section or in the repeal effected thereby shall affect any right or liability vested or accrued under the provision hereby repealed or the continuation or institution of any proceeding for ascertaining or enforcing any such right or liability.

3. — (1.) The Court of Tynwald may from time to time, on the Power to recommendation of the Commissioners, by resolution appoint tolls <*arge toll*to to be paid by all persons walking upon or otherwise using or ^iing on coming upon any dock, pier, quay, or landing under the control of piers, &c. the Commissioners.

Provided that —

(a.) No toll so imposed on any person shall exceed the sum of threepence for each -occasion of using or coming upon the pier, quay, or landing:

(6.) The Commissioners may accept a composition from any person in respect of such tolls: tftjlc-) The said. tolls and composition shall be charged equally tO all persons under the same circumstances:

I t(d;), The said- tolls shall not. be charged to any person who is a passenger on or one of the officers or crew of, or otherwise attached to, any vessel using any harbour, dock, quay, or pier under the control of the Commissioners.

(2.) The approval of the Board of Trade shall not be necessary to the imposition of any such tolls, but, subject to the provisions of this section, the provisions of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874, shall, in so far as applicable, apply to tolls under this section as if they were dues under that Act.

(3.) Any tolls imposed under the powers given by this section may be applied in such manner and to such purposes as the Court of Tynwald may by resolution from time to time direct.

(4.) The power to make byelaws conferred by section thirteen of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872, shall be deemed to include the poiyer to make byelaws for regulating, the collection and enforcing the payment', of tolls, and for otherwise carrying out the purposes of this section . |

4. The power to charge-'dues conferred by section three of the Explanation Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874, shall be. deemed to extend to and andamend-include a power to charge dues in respect of any. vessel, entering 7ey-^f 0 8 or using any harbour, dock, quay, pier, or part or: appurtenance s. 3.

thereof, under the control of the Commissioners..

5. — (1.) It shall be lawful for the Court of Tynwald, with the Power to approval of the Board of Trade, by resolution from time to time to charge dues on appoint dues not exceeding sixpence .per ton to be paid on all goods ^lS'uofton slanded from any vessel in any harbour, or on any quay or pier nage dues, .under the control of the Commissioners. Where any dues are .so ^appointed to be. paid, they .shall as regards any.vessel from which

10

Ch. 6, 7. Dublin Science <md Art Museum Act, 1884. 47 Vict

General provisions' as to purchase of lands by Commissioners.

Short title and construction.

Regulation of ferries and licenses for ferry boats.

the Act of 1877, as amended by this Act, shall be deemed to< be the special Act, but the date for the period of compulsory purchase shall run from the passing of this Act.

- (c.) Any arbitrator who under the said Acts would be appointed

by the Commissioners shall be appointed by the Board of Trade, by order in writing under the hand of the President oij one of the secretaries of the Board, and the said Acts shall apply as if in the provisions relating to the arbitrator the Board of Trade were therein mentioned in lieu of the Com-( missioners.

. 3. (1.) All lands taken or acquired by the .Commissioners under, the authority of this Act shall be held by the Commissioners in trust for Her Majesty, Her heirs and successors, for the purposes qS the Act of 1877.

- (2.-) The Commissioners may from time to time, sell, exchange, or lease all or any of the lands taken or acquired by them under the authority of this Act, which may not be required for the pur-, poses of the Act of 1877.

(3.) Any purchase, sale, exchange, or lease of land, in pursuance of this Act, shall not be made or granted, except with the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, but it shall not be necessary for the person who sells or purchases any such land, or takes the same in exchange or on lease, to ascertain that the consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury has been given to such sale, purchase, exchange, or lease.

(4.) All moneys paid to the Commissioners in respect of any 'materials, or lands sold by them under the authority of this Act, shall be paid into the Exchequer, and all expenses of the Commissioners under this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act for amending the Isle of Man Harbours Acts, 1872 and 1874. ' , [28th April 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

, 1, This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1884, and shall be construed as one with the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872, and Acts amending it, and any expressions defined by those Acts shall in this Act have the meanings thereby assigned to them.

2. — (1.) Subsection one of section thirteen of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872, is hereby repealed in so far as it relates to ferries and ferry boats, and the power to make byelaws conferred by that section shall be deemed to extend to all or any of the fol- lowing purposes; namely,

For the regulation of ferries, and for licensing and regulating ferry boats plying for hire in any of the harbours or on the coast of the island, and for fixing the terms and conditions on

Isle of Mem Harbours Act, 1884.

Ch. 7.

11

which licenses shall be granted, and whether the same shall be granted for a fixed sum or to the highest bidder by auction, or otherwise; and for regulating the conduct of the proprietors, crews, or persons having the charge, command, or management thereof, and for fixing the number of passengers or persons to be carried in any such boats, and the rates or fares to be paid for conveyance therein.

(2.) Nothing in this section or in the repeal effected thereby shall affect any right or liability vested or accrued under the provision hereby repealed or the continuation or institution of any proceeding for ascertaining or enforcing any such right or liability.

3. — (1.) The Court of Tynwald may from time to time, on the Power to recommendation of the Commissioners, by resolution appoint tolls charge toils to to be paid by all persons walking upon or otherwise using or ^Mng on coming upon any dock, pier, quay, or landing under the control of piers, &c. the Commissioners.

Provided that — ,

(a.) No toll so imposed on any person shall exceed the sum of threepence for each -occasion of using or coming upon the pier, quay, or landing:

(b.) The Commissioners may accept a composition from any person in respect of such tolls:

(c.) The said. tolls and composition shall be charged equally to all persons under the same circumstances:

The said-tolls shall not. be charged to any person who is a passenger on or one of the officers or crew of, or otherwise attached to, any vessel using any harbour, dock, quay, or pier under the control of the Commissioners.

(2.) The approval of the Board of Trade shall not be necessary to the imposition of any such tolls, but, subject to the provisions of this section, the provisions of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874, shall, in so far as applicable, apply to tolls under this section as if they were dues under that Act.

(3.) Any tolls imposed under the powers given by this section may be applied in such manner and to such purposes as the Court of Tynwald may by resolution from time, to time direct.

(4.) The power to make byelaws conferred by section thirteen of the Isle of Man .Harbours Act, 1872, shall be deemed to include the power to make byelaws for . regulating the collection and enforcing the payment of tolls, and for otherwise carrying out, the purposes of this section. , a

4. The power to charge-dues conferred by section three of, the Explanation

Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874, shall be deemed to extend -to and and amend-include a power, to charge dues in respect, of any. vessel, entering e 8

or using any harbour, dock, quay, pier, or part or.-appurtenance s. s.

thereof, under the control of the Commissioners..

5. — (1.) It shall be lawful for the Court of Tynwald, with the Power to approval of the Board of Trade, by resolution from time to time to ^argedueson <appoint dues not exceeding sixpence per ton to be paid on all goods j^ifeu of ton landed from any vessel in any harbour, or on any quay or pier nage dues, .under the control of the Commissioners. "Where any dues are so appointed to be paid, .they shall as regards any vessel from which

12

Ch. 7, 8.

Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

Borrowing

powers.

goods are landed be deemed to be in substitution for the dues appointed to be paid under the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874, and the provisions of that Act shall, in so far as applicable, apply to dues under this section.

(2.) The Court of Tynwald may, with the approval of the Board of Trade, from time to time determine ta what classes of vessels the dues under this section shall apply, provided that the said dues shall be charged equally to all vessels of the same class under the same circumstances.

6. The Commissioners may borrow on the security of the tolls and dues under this Act in like manner as they may borrow on the security of the sums mentioned in section twenty of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. [28th April 1884.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and forty thousand three hundred and fourteen men, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons

Army (Annual) Act, 1884. Ch. 8. 13

belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplar}7 and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act, 1881, will expire — 44 & 45 Vict.

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle 58* of Man, on the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four; and

(6.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1884. Short title.

2. — (1.) The Army Act, 1881, shall be and remain in force during Army Act

the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise beta

provided by Parliament; that is to say, force for speci-

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the fied times.

Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four to the thirtieth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, both inclusive; and

(b.) Elsewhera in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four to the thirty-first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, both inclusive; and

(c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without Her Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four to the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, both inclusive ;

and the day from which the Army Act, 1881, is continued in any place by this Act is in relation to that place referred to in this Act as the commencement of this Act.

(2.) The Army Act, 1881, while in force shall apply to persons 44 & 45 Vict. subject to military law, whether within or without Her Majesty's c- 58* dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act, 1881, by reason only that* the number of the forces for the time being in. the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for Prices in the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act,

1881, the prices specified in the Schedule to this Act.

14 Ch. 8. Army (Annual) Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

Amendment of s. 32 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.

Unauthorised

punishments.

Amendment of s. 154 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. as to apprehension of deserters.

Amendment of s. 179 (12). of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. as to the Royal Marines.

Amendments of Army Act, 1881.

4. In section thirty-two, sub-section one, of the Army Act, 1881 the words " penal servitude " shall he omitted, and the word " imprisonment " shall be substituted.

5. Whereas questions have arisen as to the punishments Which may be inflicted on persons subject to military law under the Army Act, 1881, under or by virtue of powers derived from foreign potentates or rulers, and whereas it is expedient to determine such questions: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

There shall be added to section forty-four of the Army Act, 1881, at the end of the section, the following enactment:

No officer or non-commissioned officer shall, under or by virtue of any power or authority derived from any foreign potentate or ruler, inflict, or cause to be inflicted, on any person subject to military law under this Act, for or in respect of any offence against Such law, any punishment not authorised by this Act.

The above enactment shall be numbered as sub-section (13).

6. Whereas by section one hundred and fifty-four of the Army Act, 1881, any constable is authorised to apprehend a person upon reasonable suspicion that he is a deserter, and it is expedient to authorise a justice to grant a warrant for such apprehension: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

There shall be added to section one hundred and fifty-four of the Army Act, 1881, after the first sub-section the following enactment:

(2.) A justice of the peace, magistrate, or other person having authority to issue a warrant for the apprehension of a person charged with crime may, if satisfied by evidence on oath that a deserter is or is reasonably suspected to be within his jurisdiction, issue a warrant authorising such deserter to be apprehended and brought forthwith before a court of summary jurisdiction.

The above enactment shall be numbered as sub-section (2), and the numbers of the subsequent sub-sections in the said section one hundred and fifty-four shall be altered accordingly.

7. Whereas the twelfth sub-section of section one hundred and seventy-nine of the Army Act, 1881, is as follows:

" Nothing in the provisions of this Act relating to the term " of enlistment, to the conditions of service, to appointment or " transfer, to transfer to the reserve, to the re-engagement or pro- longation of service, or to forfeiture of service of a soldier of the * regular forces, or to the rules for reckoning service for discharge " or transfer to the reserve, shall apply to the Royal Marines: "

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the transfer of a man of the Royal Marines with his consent to another portion of Her Majesty's regular forces: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

There shall be added to section one hundred and seventy-nine of the Army Act, 1881, at the end of the twelfth sub-section, the following enactment:

Save that if regulations made by a Secretary of State and the Admiralty provide for the transfer of men of the Royal Marines to any other-part of Her Majesty's regular'forces, a man of the

Army (Annual) Act, 1884.

Ch. 8; 9.

15

Royal Marines may, with his consent, be so transferred in accordance with the said regulations, and, subject to those regulations, shall become a soldier of the said part of Her Majesty's regular forces in like manner, so nearly as circumstances admit, as if he had been enlisted in pursuance of this Act.

8. In all copies of the Army Act, 1881, which may be printed Printing of after the commencement of this Act the words by this Act directed amendments, to be added shall be added thereto and printed therein.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided.

Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act, 1881.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse.

Lodging and attendance for officer

Twopence halfpenny per night.

One shilling and one penny halfpenny each.

Fourpenee per day.

One shilling and ninepence per day.

Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Law as to Appeals in Bankruptcy, from County Courts. [28th April 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act may be cited as the Bankruptcy Appeals (County short title. Courts) Act, 1884.

2. Section one hundred and four, subsection 2 (a) of the Bank- Bankruptcy ruptcy Act, 1883, is hereby repealed, and instead thereof it is aPPeals *on' hereby enacted that an appeal shall lie in bankruptcy matters, at Vict.3

the instance of any person aggrieved, from the order of a County c. 52.

Court to a Divisional Court of the High Court of Justice, of which the Judge to whom bankruptcy business shall for the time being be assigned shall for the purpose of hearing any such appeal be a member. The decision of such Divisional Court upon any such appeal shall be final and conclusive, unless in any case it shall seem fit to the said Divisional Court or to the Court of Appeal to give special leave to appeal therefrom to Her Majesty's Court of Appeal, whose decision in such case shall be final and conclusive.

16

Ch. 10.

Trustee Churches (Ireland) Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

82 & 83 Vict. c. 42.

82 & S3 Vict. c. 42.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to amend the Irish Church Act, 1869; and for other purposes. [28th April 1884.1

WHEREAS by the Irish Church Act, 1869, section seventy, it is enacted as follows: " Nothing in this Act contained shall * affect the patronage and right of presentation to any proprietary " or district parochial church or endowed chapel of ease which has " been endowed out of private funds, or affect the property in any " such church or chapel or the property held for the purposes of or " appropriated to the use of the same, or affect the continuance of " the trust relating thereto as originally constituted

And whereas divers churches and chapels of ease had been from time to time, prior to the passing of the said Act, erected in Ireland either in accordance with certain private trusts or under the provisions of the several Church Building Acts for the time being in force in that behalf, and certain parishes or parochial districts had been assigned or annexed to certain of such churches, or were at the time of the passing of the said Irish Church Act, 1869, connected therewith:

And whereas the bishops, clergy, and laity of the said Irish Church assembled as in said Act mentioned are thereby authorised " to frame constitutions and regulations for the general management " and good government of the said church and property and affairs " thereof," and they have in pursuance of such authority made divers provisions for regulating the patronage and right of presentation to parishes and ecclesiastical benefices, and for assigning or annexing parochial districts to churches previously non-parochial, and for altering the boundaries of parishes, and for the due management and control of the property and affairs thereof:

And whereas it is desirable that the trustees and patrons of such churches and chapels as aforesaid should be authorised to adopt and apply to such churches and chapels respectively, and the patronage and property thereof, such of the aforesaid provisions and regulations as may in their opinion be best adapted to carry out the original intention of the trusts of such churches or chapels, having regard to the altered circumstances of the said Irish Church, notwithstanding that other provisions may have been made for the like purposes in the said Church Building Acts, or some of them, or in the instruments governing the trusts relating to such churches or chapels respectively; but doubts have arisen whether such provisions and regulations, or any of them, can be made to apply to such churches and chapels, or any of them, or the patronage or property thereof, or to any of the districts which were at the time of the passing of the said Irish Church Act, 1869, thereto respectively assigned or annexed, or therewith respectively connected, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Trustee Churches (Ireland) Act, 1884.

Ch. 10,11.

17

1. It shall be lawful for the trustees or other governing body power for

of any such church or chapel as aforesaid, by instrument under trustees to their hands, to transfer to the representative church body of the ^urch

said church (with its consent) all or any part of the property vested representative in them for the purposes of such church or chapel, and thereupon church body, the same shall vest in and be held by the said representative

body upon the trusts for the time being applicable thereto.

2. It shall be lawful for any such trustees or other governing Power to vest

body as aforesaid by any unanimous resolution to put an end to (^"jepresentE any trust now or for the time being subsisting with respect to tive church such church or chapel, and to vest the same and any other property bo(1y» and to subject to such trust in the said representative body, or any other y

person or persons or body corporate, and to define the future trusts resolution, thereof, either by assimilating the same to the regulations affecting

other similar property in the same diocese, or in any other manner for the benefit of the said Irish Church which may be sanctioned by the chief legislative authority for the time being of the said church.

3. No such resolution shall be valid until it shall have been Resolutions accepted and recorded in such manner as the said chief legislative inval,d "ntl1

i o accepted and

authority may direct; and no such resolution which affects or recorded by purports to affect any right of patronage or presentation to any legislative such church or chapel shall be so accepted or recorded without the of

a i cnurcn.

consent in writing of the patron or patrons" thereof.

4. Every such resolution when duly accepted and recorded shall Resolutions,

be applicable to the said church or chapel and the property and when recorded, affairs thereof, and shall be valid and binding to all intents and force

purposes, anything in the said recited Acts of Parliament, or any

of them, or in the instrument forming the trusts relating to such church or chapel or property, to the contrary notwithstanding.

5. Nothing contained in this Act shall affect any power of Saving for revocation attached to any trust to which this Act applies, or pre- Power of vent any person having such power, or having a right to take or revocation* resume the possession of any property affected by such trust, from exercising such power or right.

6. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Trustee Short title. Churches (Ireland) Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act for the further Protection of Pish other than Salmon in Presh Waters. [19th May 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the powers of boards of conservators in fishery districts for the better protection of freshwater fish:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

18

Ch. 11.

Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884.

47 Vict,

Fishery board may make byelaws for determining mesh of nets.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 71.

Power to form board for coarse fish district.

28 8c 29 Vict. c. 121.

Powers of water-bailifls.

1. (1.) In any fishery district subject to a board of conservators, the conservators may from time to time make byelaws for all or any of the following purposes; that is to say,

(i.) For determining the minimum size of the mesh of nets for catching freshwater fish which may be lawfully used within the district of such board, so that such mesh shall not be less than one inch from knot to knot, measured when wet, and so that no person shall be compelled to use a mesh larger than three inches from knot to knot measured when wet; and so that such byelaw shall not extend to any casting or dip net lawfully used for catching fish for bait;

(ii.) For determining the length and size and description of nets for catching freshwater fish, which may be lawfully used within the district of such board, and the manner of using the same; and

(iii.) For prohibiting the use of any mode or instrument of fishing for freshwater fish within the district of such board, where such mode or instrument appears to be prejudicial to the fisheries;

and may by any such byelaw impose a penalty not exceeding five pounds for each offence against any such byelaw, and provide for the seizure and for the forfeiture, on summary conviction, of nets, instruments, and devices used in contravention of any such byelaw, and of fish found in the possession of a person contravening any such byelaw, and of fish caught by any such means, or in any such manner, as is contrary to any such byelaw, and such fish shall be deemed to be illegally caught, and any such forfeiture may be enforced by a court of summary jurisdiction.

Provided that no byelaw made under the authority of this section shall apply to any fixed nets for taking eels or to a landing net used as auxiliary to angling with a rod and line.

(2.) Sections thirty-nine to forty-five, both inclusive, and section sixty-two of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1873 (which sections relate to byelaws under that Act, and to the recovery, payment, and application of penalties under those byelaws), shall apply as if the said sections were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to byelaws under this Act and to the penalties thereby imposed.

2. Fishery districts may be formed, and conservators appointed, for water frequented by any freshwater fish, and section six of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, shall apply as if "freshwater fish" were therein substituted for "trout or char," and "salmon trout or char," and section twenty-seven of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1865, shall apply as if "freshwater fish " were therein substituted for " salmon," and any conservators so appointed shall have the powers conferred on conservators by the Salmon Fishery Act, 1876.

3. In substitution for section eight of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, which shall be repealed, it is hereby enacted that Bection thirty-one of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1865, and sections thirty-six, thirty-seven, and thirty-eight of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1873 (which sections relate to the powers of water bailiffs), shall

Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884

Ch. ll.

19

extend to all waters within the limits of this Act in like manner as if those sections were re-enacted in this Act, with the substitution of " freshwater fish " for " salmon," and of " waters frequented by freshwater fish " for " salmon river," and with a reference to the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, and this Act, in substitution for the reference to the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 to 1873, or any of them.

4. In the application of section sixty-four of the Salmon Fishery Explanation of

Act, 1865, to trout and char in waters within the limits of the Jlct

Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, the words "salmon river situate in

" a fishery district which is subject to a board of conservators " appointed under this Act " shall be construed to mean " waters " frequented by trout or char."

5. Sub-heads (c.) and (d.) of sub-section three of section eleven Limitations of of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, shall be read and construed 41X42° Vict! as if, after the word "taking," in each of the said sub-heads, were c. 39. s. 11. inserted the words " in any several fishery, with the leave of the

" owner of such fishery, or in any public fishery, except where " such taking in a public fishery is prohibited by a byelaw of any " conservators."

6. This Act shall be construed as one with the Freshwater Short t:t\e an'i Fisheries Act, 1878, and that Act and this Act may together be ^"®truct,ono cited as the Freshwater Fisheries Acts, 1878 and 1884, and this

Act may be cited alone as the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884.

In the construction of this Act, the expression " freshwater fish " . means any fish living permanently or temporarily in fresh water, exclusive of salmon.

7. Any person who unlawfully and maliciously puts any poison, Prohibition of lime, or noxious material in any water frequented by freshwater t^®sll^e

fish with intent thereby to destroy any of the fish that may then noxious^ub-be or may thereafter be put therein shall be liable, on summary stances for conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or to imprison* destruction of ment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two months.

Nothing in this section shall prevent a person being punished under any other Act, so that he be not punished twice for the same offence.

8. This Act and the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, with the Application of exception of sub-sections one, two, and three of section eleven of Nor~ the latter Act, shall apply to the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk Suffolk, and the county of the city of Norwich, subject as follows : —

(a.) They shall apply to the waters to which the Norfolk and 40 & 4i vict. Suffolk Fisheries Act, 1877, applies in like manner as if those c* xcvlii* waters had been formed into a fishery district under this Act, and the conservators of the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries appointed\under the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries Act, 1877, were a board of conservators appointed under this Act:

(6.) If in pursuance of this Act, and the enactments applied by this Act, one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, on application made to him, forms all or any of the waters to which the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries Act, 1877, does not apply in the said counties into a fishery district, the conservators of B 2

20

Ch. 11,12.

Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

Extent of Act.

Short title and construction.

Definitions.

(') 10 ft 11 Vict. c. 34. s. 128. Byelaws as to Slaughterhouses.

(*) 10 ft 11 Vict. o. 89. ss. 68,69. Byelaws as to Hackney Carriages and Public Bathing.

(») 10 ft 11 Vict. C. 14. s. 42. Byelaws as to markets.

Confirmation of byelaws.

the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries shall be the board of con servators for the said district, in like manner as if they were appointed in accordance with the said enactments, and such of the said enactments as relate to the mode of appointing # board of conservators shall not apply.

So much of section three of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878* as relates to the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, or the county dm the city, of Norwich, is hereby repealed.

9. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, so far as relates to the Confirmation of Byelaws.

[19th May 1884.] !

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (ConfirmatiQjy of Byelaws) Act, 1884, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health Act, 1875.

2. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the following expressions have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to* them; (that is to say,)

"Incorporated enactments" means section one hundred and twenty-eight of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, it1), sections sixty-eight and sixty-nine of the Town Police Clauses Actjj 1847, (*) and section forty-two of the Markets and Fairs Clause^ Act, 1847, (3) which Acts are herein-after referred to as the incor« porated Acts:

" Confirming authority " means, as regards byelaws, rules, and regulations confirmed prior to the nineteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, or made under any of the incorporated enactments by reason of the incorporation thereof with any Local Act and confirmed prior to the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and as regards other byelaws, rules, and regulations, the Local Government Board.

3. Every byelaw made or to be made under any of ;the incor-' porated enactments by reason of the incorporation thereof with the Public Health Act, 1848, the Local Government Act, 1858, or the Public Health Act, 1875, or any Local Act, or any Provisional Order or any Act confirming such Provisional Order, and every; rule and regulation made or to be made by an urban authority under section forty-eight of the Tramways Act, 1870, shall be deemed to have required or to require the confirmation of the confirming authority, and not to have required, or to require any other confirmation, allowance, or approval.

.1884. Public Health (Gmfirmation of Byela/ws) Act, 1884. Cit.12,13.

21

4. This Act shall not invalidate the confirmation, allowance, or Saving clause, approval of any byelaw, rule, or regulation confirmed, allowed, or approved prior to the passing of this Act, nor shall this Act apply to any byelaw made or to be made under any of the incorporated enactments by reason of the incorporation thereof with any Local Act, if such byelaw has or will come into force without any confirmation, allowance, or approval, or if by the express provisions of the Local Act and without reference to the provisions with respect to confirmation, allowance, or approval of byelaws in any of the incorporated Acts, such byelaw is required to be confirmed, allowed, or approved otherwise than by the confirming authority*:

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act,

1878. [19th May 1884.]

WM HERE AS it is expedient to amend the Contagious Diseases 41 & 42 vict.

I (Animals) Act, 1878, in this Act referred to as the principal c. 74.

Act:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purpose of preventing the introduction into the power to Privy United Kingdom of the infection of foot and mouth disease, the Council to j»ro-Privy Council may from time to time by general or special order prohibit, whenever they deem it expedient so to do, the landing of animaT/in eer-animals from any foreign country -or countries or any specified part tain cases, thereof, and they shall prohibit such landing whenever they are not satisfied with respect to any foreign country, or any specified pafrt thereof, that having regard -to the sanitary condition of the animals therein, or imported therefrom, to the laws made by such country for the regulation of the importation and exportation of animals, and for the prevention of the introduction or spreading of disease, and to the administration of such laws, the circumstances are such as to afford reasonable security against the importation therefrom of animals affected with foot and mouth disease.

2. The provisions' relating to quarantine contained in Part II. Extension of of the fifth schedule annexed to the principal Act shall apply to provisions animals brought from foreign countries from which the importation relating to of animals is:for "the time being prohibited. quarantine.

3. The Privy Council /nay, if they think fit, exercise the powers Am.njn.mt vested in them under Part IV. of the said.fifth schedule, so far as of 4i &42 relates to the admission of animals without being subject to 7pt. 4 slaughter, in relation to any specified part of a foreign country * '' in the same manner as in relation to the whole of a foreign country, subject to such regulations as to the route by which the animals are conveyed to this country, quarantine, or otherwise as-

22 Ch. 13,14. Contagious Diseases (Animate) Act, 1884. 47 Vice. '

the Privy Council may from time to time by general or special * order direct.

Additional 4. In addition to the powers conferred on the Privy Council] power to Privy by the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, the Privy Counrijl 41X°42 Vict may make such orders as they think fit for prohibiting the con*

o. 74. ' veyance. of animals by any specified vessel to or from any port in

the United Kingdom for such time as they may consider expedient^ Orders to be 5. Any order made in pursuance of this Act shall forthwith after laid before Par- the making thereof, if Parliament is then sitting, and if it is not sitting then forthwith after the next meeting of Parliament, be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

Construction 6. This Act, so far as is consistent with the tenour thereof, shallj of Act and be construed as one with the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act,] short title. 1878, and shall apply to Ireland with the modifications and subject to the provisions contained in Part IY. of the principal Act,j and this Act and the principal Act may be cited together as the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 and 1884, and this Act may be cited separately as the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the sixteenth section of the Married Women's Property Act, 1882. [23rd June 1884.]

45 & 46 vict. Wf WHEREAS by section sixteen of the Married Women's Pro- < « 75* perty Act, 1882, a wife is, under the circumstances therein

mentioned, declared to be liable to criminal proceedings byjher husband, and a doubt has arisen as to "whether the husband is admissible as a witness against his wife in such criminal pro-: ceedings, while section twelve of the same Act declares that in any proceeding under that section a husband or wife shall be competent to give evidence against each other; and it is desirable that the ‘ said doubt should be removed, and the said Act otherwise amended: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual' and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Husband or 1, In any such criminal proceeding against a husband or a wife ^taesin.ete,lt 113 authorised by the Married Women's Property Act, 1882, the criminL'pro- husband and wife respectively shall be competent and admissible 4ee&ng6 vdtr ^tnesses, and, except when defendant, compellable to give evidence. c?75.46 10 * 2. This Act may be cited as the Married Women's Property Act,

Short title. 1884, and this Act and the Married Women's Property Act, 1882, may be cited together as the Married Women's Property Acts, 1882 and 1884. -; - \ '

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1884.

Ch. 15,16.

23

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to apply the sum of six million five hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five. [23rd June 1884.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons lof the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; .and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United King- ^5^3^_oufc dom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good POiidated Fuad the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending for the service on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eightyrfive, the sum of six million five hundred and nineteen March 1885. thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to Power to the time, on the; credit of the said sum, any sum Or sums'not exceeding in the whole'the sfim of six. million five, hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest, not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the. Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums so borrowed shall be placed to. the credit; Of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and sbn.11 form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fundi is available..

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, Short title. 1884. rf,.; At ,

CHAPTER 16.

An Act. to apply tp Scotland, certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883. , [23rd June 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to: apply to Scotland, in manner herein-after provided, certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, } * vljgl-ridt.g.u tmi

-Be it enacted* by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent-of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

24

Ch.16. Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities(S.)A ct,1884<. 47&4.8Vk>

Short title.

[Commencement of Act.]

Extension of definition of undischarged bankrupt.

Undischarged bankrupt obtaining credit to extent of 20/. to be guilty of crime and offence.

Application to Scotland of s. 32 of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, in regard to disqualifications of bankrupt.

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (Scotland) Act, 1884).

2. This Act shall commence and come into operation from and immediately after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

3. An undischarged bankrupt shall be deemed to include a person whose estate has been sequestrated or with respect to whom a decree of cessio bonorum has been pronounced, and who has not received his discharge from a competent court in Scotland.

4. Where an undischarged bankrupt obtains credit to the extent of twenty pounds or upwards from any person without informing such person that he is an undischarged bankrupt, he shall be guilty of a crime and offence, and may be dealt with and punished as if he had been guilty of a crime and offence under the Debtors (Scotland) Act, 1880, and the provisions of that Act shall apply to proceedings under this section.

5. In the application of section thirty-two of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, to Scotland the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The expression "adjudged bankrupt" shall include the case of a person whose estate has been sequestrated or with respect to whom a decree of cessio bonorum has been pronounced by a competent court in Scotland.

(2.) A person adjudged bankrupt shall be disqualified from being elected to or holding or exercising the office of provost, bailie, treasurer, dean of guild, deacon-convener of trades or councillor, or commissioner or magistrate of police, or being elected to or holding or exercising the office of member of a parochial board or school board, or road trustee, or member of any local authority under any Act for the time being in force (whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act) relating to local government in Scotland.

(3.) The disqualifications to which a person adjudged bankrupt is subject under the said section as amended by this Act shall be removed and cease if and when —

(a.) the sequestration of his estate is recalled or reduced, or the decree of cessio bonorum with respect to him is recalled or reduced; or f

(6.) he obtains his discharge from a competent court.

Application to 6. Sections thirty-three and thirty-four of the Bankruptcy Act, Scotland of 1883, shall apply to Scotland, subject to the following provisions: 8S-1nd 3.4 , (1.) In each of the said sections the expression " adjudged bank-

of Bankruptcy .,111 ... , d. 6 ,

Act, 1883, in rupt shall have the meaning assigned to it in the immediately regard to preceding section of this Act.

catingseat in' (2-) In the said section thirty-three the expression " order " House of Com- shall include " deliverance or decree," and the expression " court " mons or mum- shall include the court in Scotland pronouncing the deliverance or

Xroffices. decree-

(3.) The said section thirty-four shall be deemed to apply to any person whilst holding the office of provost, bailie, treasurer, dean of guild, deacon-convener of trades or councillor, or commissioner or

1884. Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (S.) Act, 1884. Ch.1 6,17.

25

magistrate of police, or member of a parochial board or school board, or road trustee, or member of any local authority under any Act for the time being in force (whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act) relating to local government in Scotland.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to provide for the appointment of an additional Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis and for other purposes relating to the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of such Police.

[23rd June 1884.]

WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Police Act, 1856, and the 19 & 20 Vict.

Police Rate Act, 1868, power is given to Her Majesty to c- 2-appoint two assistant commisioners of the police of the Metropolis, ® g* IC * and provision is made respecting the salaries and allowances of such assistant commissioners, and it is expedient to authorise the appointment of a third assistant commissioner:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Act, 1884. Short title.

The Acts in the schedule to this Act may be cited by the short titles mentioned in that behalf in the third column of that schedule.

This Act together with the Acts in the schedule to this Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1884.

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to appoint a fit person to Appointment be a third assistant commissioner of police of the metropolis, and ofadditional the Metropolitan Police Act, 1856, and the Police Rate' Act, 1868, shall apply in like manner as if three assistant commissioners of 19 & 20 Vict. police of the metropolis were therein mentioned instead of two. c- 2-Provided that the salary and allowances of the assistant com- c. 67. *

missioner appointed in pursuance of this Act shall be paid as part of the expenses of the Metropolitan Police.

3. (1.) Section three of the Police Rate Act, 1868, with respect Amendment of to the allowances to an assistant commissioner of. police shall apply 32 vict-as if the commissioner of police of the metropolis were therein s' 3> ani mentioned as well as the assistant commissioners. 38 & 39 Vict.

(2.) The Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875, c‘ 28' shall apply to the commissioner and assistant commissioners of the Metropolitan Police so far as respects any salary, remuneration, or emolument received or enjoyed by any of them out of the expenses of the Metropolitan Police Force.

26

Ch. 1.7,18. Metropolitan Police Act, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict,

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Title.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44. An Act for improving the police in and near the Metropolis. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1829.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 47 An Act for further improving the police in and'near the Metropolis. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1839.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 2 - An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1856.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 64 - An Act for raising a sum of money for building and improving stations of the Metropolitan Police and to amend the Acts concerning the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1857.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 124 - An Act for amending the; law relating to the receiver for the Metropolitan Police district and for other purposes. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1861.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 67 - An Act to amend the law relating to the funds provided for defraying the expenses of the Metropolitan Police. The Police Kate Act, 1868.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 28 - An Act to amend the law respecting the superannuation allowances of certain officers of the Btaff of the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the Settled Land Act, 1882.

[3rd July 1884]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. l This Act may be cited as the Settled Land Act, 1884.

interpretation. 2. The expression u the Act of 1882 " used in this Act means

the Settled Land Act, 1882.

Construction 3. The Act of 1882 and this Act are to be read and construed of Act. together as one Act, and expressions used in this Act are to have the same meanings as those attached by the Act of 1882 to similar expressions used therein.

Fine on a 4. A fine received on the grant of a lease under any power

capital°m(mey. conferred by the Act of 1882 is to be deemed capital money arising under that Act.

Settled Land Act, 1884.

Ch. 18.

27

5. (1.) The notice required by section forty-five of the Act of Notice under

1882 of intention to make a sale, exchange, partition, or lease may & 46 Vict. be notice of a general intention in that behalf. may, as to a

(2.) The tenant for life is, upon request by a trustee of the sale,'exchange, settlement, to furnish to him such particulars and information as partition, or

' j. # _ lease bo

may reasonably be required by him from time to time with general. reference to sales, exchanges, partitions, or leases effected, or in progress, or immediately intended.

(3.) Any trustee, by writing under his hand, may waive notice either in any particular case, or generally, and may accept less than one month's notice.

' (4.) This section applies to a notice given before, as well as to a notice given after, the passing of this Act.

(5.) Provided that a notice, to the sufficiency of which objection has been taken before the passing of this Act, is not made sufficient by virtue of this Act.

6. (1.) In the case of a settlement within the meaning of section As to consents sixty-three of the Act of 1882, any consent not required by the of tenants for terms of the settlement is not by force of anything contained in 11 e*

that Act to be deemed necessary to enable the trustees of the settlement, or any other person, to execute any of- the trusts or powers created by the settlement.

(2.) In the case of every other settlement, not within the meaning of section sixty-three of the Act of 1882, where two or more persons together constitute the tenant for life for the purposes of that Act, then, notwithstanding anything contained in subsection (2.) of section fifty-six of that Act, requiring the consent of all those persons, the consent of one only of those persons is by force of that section to be deemed necessary to the exercise by the trustees of the settlement, or by any other person, of any power conferred by the settlement exerciseable for any purpose provided for in that Act.

(3.) This section applies to dealings before, as well as after, the passing of this Act.

7. With respect to the powers conferred by section sixty-three Powers given of the Act of 1882, the following provisions are to have effect: — by s. 63 to be

(i.) Those powers are not to be exercised without the leave of the ^hTeave°ofy Court. the Court.

(ii.) The Court may by order, in any case in which it thinks fit, give leave to exercise all or any of those powers, and the order is to name the person or persons to whom leave is given.

(iii.) The Court may from time to time rescind, or vary, any order made under this section, or may make any new or fhrther order.

(iv.) So long as an order under this section is in force, neither the trustees of the settlement, nor any person other than a person having the leave, shall execute any trust or power created by the settlement, for any purpose for which leave is by the order given, to exercise a power conferred by the Act of 1882.

(v.j An order under this section may be registered and re registered, as a lis pendens, against the trustees of the settle-

28

Ch. 18,19.

Settled Land Actf 1884.

47 & 48 Vied

Curtesy to be deemed to arise under settlement.

Short title.

Extension of Act.

Commencement of Act. Summary trial of children for indictable offences unless objected to by parent or guardian.

ment named in the order, describing them on the register as | Trustees for the purposes of the Settled Land Act, 1882."

(vi.) Any person dealing with the trustees from time to time, or with any other person acting under the trusts or powers of the settlement, is not to be affected by an order under this section, unless and until the order is duly registered, and when necessary re-registered as a lis pendens.

(vii.) An application to the Court under this section may be made by the tenant for life, or by the persons who together constitute the tenant for life, within the meaning of section! sixty-three of the Act of 1882.

(viii.) An application to rescind or vary an order, or to make any new or further order under this section, may be made also by the trustees of the settlement, or by any person beneficially! interested under the settlement.

(ix.) The person or persons to whom leave, is given by an orde|( under this section, shall be deemed the proper person or persons] to exercise the powers conferred by section sixty-three of the Act of 1882, and shall have, and may exercise those powers accordingly.

v (x.) This section is not to affect any dealing which has taken place before the passing of this Act, under any trust or power-to which this section applies.

8. For the purposes of the Act of 1882 the estate of a tenant by the curtesy is to be deemed an estate arising under'a settlement made by his wife.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland] Acts so far as they relate to Children and young Persons. [3rd July 1884c|j

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Summary Jurisdiction over Children (Ireland) Act, 1884.

2. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day Qf January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

4. (1.) Where a childai| charged before ^nrtiL,of summary jurisdiction with any indictable _ offence other thari homicide, the court, if jthey "think it expedient so to do, and if the parent or guardian of the child so charged, when informed by the court of his right to have the child tried by a jury, does not object to the child being' dealt with summarily, may deal summarily with the offence, and inflict the same. description of punishment as might have been inflicted had the case been tried on indictment:

1884. Sumrha/ry Jurisdiction over Children (I.) Act, 1884. Ch. 19.

29

Provided that —

(«.) A sentence of penal servitude shall not be passed, but imprisonment shall be substituted therefor; and (6.) Where imprisonment is awarded the term shall not in any case exceed one month; and . [(c.) Where .a fine is awarded the amount shall not in any case exceed forty shillings; and ' . (d) When the child is a male the court may, instead of any other punishment, adjudge the child to be, as soon as practicable, privately whipped with not more than six strokes of a birch rod by a constable, in the presence of an inspector or other officer of police of higher rank than a constable, and also in the presence, if he desires to be present, of the parent or guardian of the child.

< (2.) For the purpose of a proceeding under this section, the court of summary jurisdiction, at anytime during the hearing of the case at which they become satisfied by the evidence that it is expedient to deal with the case summarily, shall cause the charge tb be reduced into writing and read to the parent or guardian of the child, and then address a question to such parent or guardian to the following effect: " Do you' desire the child to be tried by a " jury, and object to the case being dealt with summarily ? " with a,.statement, if the. court think such statement desirable for the information of such parent or guardian, of the meaning of the case being dealt with summarily, and of the assizes or sessions (as the case may be), at which the child will be tried if tried by a jury. o (8j) Where the parent or guardian of a child is not present when the child is charged with an indictable offence before a court of summary jurisdiction, the court may* if they think it just so to do, remand the child for the purpose of causing notice to be served on such parent or guardian, with a view, so far as is practicable, of securing his attendance at the hearing of the charge, or the eourt may, if they think it expedient so; to do, deal with the case summarily.

(4.) This section shall not prejudice the-right of a court of summary jurisdiction to send a child to a reformatoxy or industrial school.

; ®(5i) This section shall not render punishable for an offence any child; who is not, in the opinion of the court before whom he is charged, above the age of seven years and of sufficient capacity to commit crime.

5. (1.) Where a young person is charged before a court of Summary trial summary jurisdiction with any indictable offence specified in th'e ^ounffpewon^ schedule to :thiii Act, the courtj if they think it expedient so to do, having regard to the character and antecedents of the person charged^ the nature of the offence, and all the circumstances of the case, and if the .ybung person. charged with the offence, when informed by the court of his right ito.be tried by a jury, consents . to be dealt with summarily, may deal summarily with the offence, and in their discretion adjudge such person, if found guilty of the offence; either to pay a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or to be imprisoned with or without hard labour* for any term not

go C.19. Symmetry Jurisdiction over QhUdrm(I.) Act, 1884>. 47&48 Victj,

exceeding three months; .and if the young person is a male, and, in the opinion of the court, under the age of fourteen years, the courtJ if they think it expedient so to do, may, either in substitution for or in addition to any other punishment under this Act, adjudge] such young person to be, as soon as practicable, privately whipped with not more than twelve strokes of a birch rod by a constable, in the presence of an inspector or other officer of police of higher rank than a constable, and also in the presence, if he desires to be pre-; sent, of the parent or guardian of such young person.

(2.) For the purpose of a proceeding under this section, the court, at any time during the hearing of the case at which they; become satisfied by the evidence that it is expedient to deal with the case summarily, shall cause the charge to be reduced into] writing and read to the young person charged, and then address a question to him to the following effect: " Do you desire to be " tried by a jury, or do you consent to the case being dealt with " summarily?" with a statement, if the court think such statement desirable for the information of the young person to whom the question is addressed, of the meaning of the case being dealt with summarily, and of the assizes or sessions (as the case may be) at which he will be tried if tried by a jury.

(8.) This section shall not prejudice the light of a court of summary jurisdiction to send a young, person to a reformatory or an industrial school

Restriction on 6. A child on summary conviction for an offence punishable chMfoTsu of 0n summary conviction under this Act, or under any other Act mary offence* whether past or future, shall not be imprisoned for a longer period than one month nor fined a larger sum than forty shillings.

Power of 7. If upon the hearing of a charge against children and young

court to dis- persons ( for an offence punishable on summary conviction nmder chMren<anded this Act, or under any other Act, whether past or future, the court young persons of summary jurisdiction think that, though, the charge is proved, without punish- the-offence was in the particular case of so trifling a nature that ment it is inexpedient to inflict any punishment, or any other , than a

nominal punishment, —

(1.) The courts without proceeding to conviction, may dismiss the information, and, if the court think fit, may order the .person charged to pay such damages, not exceeding, forty .shillings, and suck costs of the proceeding, or . either of them, as the court think reasonable; or,

(2.) The court upon convicting the person charged may. discharge him conditionally on his giving ^security, with or without I sureties, to appear for sentence when, called upon, or to, be of good behaviour, and either without payment ofi'damages and :;- i costs, or subject to.the payment of such damages and costs/or either of them, ns the court think reasonable.

Appeals and 8. (a.) The enactments in force in the Dublin Metropolitan form of con- Police District relative to appeals in cases of summary jurisdiction, and the enactments of the- Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, relative to appeals in the like cases,* shall respectively\extend to cases heard and determined in such district, and elsewhere in Ireland, under this Act.

1884. Summary Jurisdiction over Ghild/ren (I.) Ad, 1884. Ch. 19.

31

(6.) Every conviction under this Act shall contain a statement, in the case of a child, as to the consent or otherwise of his parent or guardian, and, in the case of a young person, of the consent of such young person, to be tried by a court of summary jurisdiction.

9. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereinafter respectively assigned to them; that is to say.

The expression " child " means a person who in the opinion of the court before whom he is brought is under the age of twelve years:

The expression "young person" means a person who in the opinion of the court before whom he'is brought is of the age of twelve years and under the age of sixteen years:

The expression " guardian," in relation to a child or young person, includes any person who, in the opinion of the court having cognizance of any case in which a child or young person is concerned, has for the time being the charge of or control over such child or young person;

The expression " court of summary jurisdiction " shall, in the police district of Dublin metropolis, mean a court constituted of a divisional justice acting for the said district, and elsewhere in Ireland shall mean a court constituted of one or more i justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions.

SCHEDULE.

Indictable; Offences which can be dealt with Summarily * undEr this Act.

Young Persons consenting.

1. Simple larceny.

2. Offences declared by any Act for the time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny.

. 3. Larceny from or stealing from the person.

4. Larceny as a clerk or servant.

- 5. Embezzlement by a clerk or servant.

>6.. Receiving stolen goods.

7. Aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring the commission of simple larceny, or of an offence declared by any Act for the time, being in force to be punishable as simple larceny, or of larceny or stealing from the person, or of larceny as a clerk or servant.

8. Attempt to commit simple larceny, or an offence declared' by any Act for the time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny,' or to commit larceny from or steal from the person, or to commit larceny as a clerk or servant.

This Act shall apply to any ,6f the following offences when alleged to have Jjeen committed by a young person in like manner as if such offence were included in the schedule; that is to say,

(1.) To any offence in, relation to railways and railway carriages mentioned in sections thirty-two and thirty-three of the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years 'of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred, intituled, "An Act to consolidate and amend the statute law of England and Ireland relating to offences against the person";* and _ .

SP?-(2.) To any offence relating to railways mentioned in section thirtyrfive * of the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of

Definitions for purposes of the Act.

32 Ch.19,20. Summary Jurisdiction over GhUdrm(L) Act. 47&48 Vict.

the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-seven, intituled " Au .« Act to consolidate and amend the statute law of England and Ireland: « relating to malicious injuries to property"; and (3.) To any indictable offence, either under the Post Office Laws or prosecuted by Her Majesty's Postmaster-General; and for the purpose of this provision the expression " Post Office Laws " has the same, meaning as it has in the Act of the session of the seventh year of the reign of King William the Fourth and the first year of the reign ' of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-six, intituled " An Act for " consolidating the laws relative to offences against the Post Office of | the United Kingdom, and for regulating the judicial adminis-,j " tration of the Post Office Laws, and for explaining certain terms, " and expressions employed in those laws," and the Acts amending the same.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages of Members of the Greek Church in England.

I I [3rd duly 1884.]

W/ HERE AS it is alleged that certain marriages have been from » time to time, between the years one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six and one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, solemnized between members of the Greek Church in the Greek Chapel then situate at 9, Finsbury Circus, in the City of London, and afterwards, within the said period, at London Wall, in the said City.

And that similar marriages have been from time to time, within the said period, solemnized at the residences of members of the said Church:

And that such marriages were respectively solemnized in conformity with the rights and ceremonies of the Greek Church by a priest of that Church, and entries of the said respective marriages so solemnized have from time to time been made in the register, book kept for that purpose at the said chapels respectively, or otherwise, in the custody of the said priest:

And that the said marriages were respectively solemnized in the belief that the aforesaidBc$:nformity to and compliance with the rites and ceremonies of the Greek Church constituted a compliance with the law of England:

And whereas objections may be made to the validity of such marriages, by reason of the same not having been solemnized in any consecrated or licensed church or chapel of the Church of England ^or in any registered building, or at the office of the Registrar, and not having been solemnized after due publication of banns, or under licence or special licence, or in the presence of a Clerk in Holy Orders of the Church of England, op. a Registrar of marriages, and it is expedient to confirm, in the manner and subject to the proviso herein-after mentioned, any, marriage which may have been contracted in the manner and under the circumstances aforesaid, notwithstanding all or any of the aforesaid defects:

1884.

Ch. 20.

33

\Greek Marriages Act, 1884.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any party to any such marriage as aforesaid, and any child Certain mar-or- grandchild of any such party, and any person interested in the Su^eisin validity of any such marriage,' may respectively apply to the Finsbury Probate and Matrimonial Division of Her Majesty's High Court of

Justice by petition, praying the Court for a decree declaring that or at residence

such marriage was a valid marriage; and the said Court shall have of members of

jurisdiction to hear and determine such application, and shall, if

an entry of such marriage shall appear to have been duly made

upon the register book aforesaid, and if the Court be satisfied that

such marriage was solemnized in the manner and in the belief

aforesaid, and was in all other respects good and- lawful, declare

the same to have been a valid marriage, notwithstanding all or any

of the defects aforesaid: Provided always, that this Act shall not

extend to render valid any marriage which before the passing

thereof has been declared invalid by any court of competent juris-

diction in any proceeding touching such marriage, or any right

dependent on the validity or invalidity thereof, or any marriage

where either of the parties thereto has afterwards during the life of

the other intermarried with any other person.

Any petition under this Act shall be accompanied by such affidavit verifying the same as the said Court may from time to time direct.

In respect of all matters and things by this Act not specially provided for, the provisions of sections five, six, and seven of the Act 21 and 22 Vict. c. 93.; shall mutatis mutandis apply, and all proceedings under this Act shall be had and taken in conformity therewith, and with such of the rules for the time being in force with reference to applications to the Court under the said Act as may be applicable, or with such rules as the Judges of the said Court for the time being authorised to make rules may from time to time prescribe.

2. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that the status Saving for of any person or any right of any person to any real or personal status and property or any estate or interest of any such person in any real or personal property which may be dependent on the invalidity of any dent on m-such marriage shall not be altered, taken away, or injuriously validity of affected by any decree made under the provisions of this Act;.but marnage‘ shall be and remain as valid and effectual in law to all intents and .purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

3. The priest of the Greek Church, or other the person in whose Certificates of custody the register books relating to such marriages as aforesaid

shall be kept, On the passing of this Act, shall forthwith transmit Probate and to the Registrar of the Probate and Matrimonial Registry a copy Matrimonial signed by him of the register aforesaid, and the said Registrar shall eS*str7-receive and preserve the same in the said Registry.

4. This Act may be cited as the Greek Marriages Act, 1884. short t*16.

Ch. 11,12.

Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1884.

47 Vict.

the Norfolk and Suffolk Fisheries shall be the board of conservators for the said district, in like manner as if they were appointed in accordance with the said enactments, and such of the said enactments as relate to the mode of appointing a hoard of conservators shall not apply.

So much of section three of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, as relates to the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, or the county of the city, of Norwich, is hereby repealed.

Extent of Act. 9. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, so far as relates to the Confirmation of Byelaws.

[19th May 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title and 1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Confirmation construction, of Byelaws) Act, 1884, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health Act, 1875.

"Definitions. 2. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the following expressions have the meanings herein-after respectively assigned to them; (that is to say,)

0)io*uViet. "Incorporated enactments" means section one hundred and Bydaws m to twenty-eight of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, ((J) housetk^* sections sixty-eight and sixty-nine of the Town Police Clauses Act, (*) 10*11 vict. 1847, (*) and section forty-two of the Markets and Fairs Clauses Byelaw's m to Act, 1847, (*) which Acts are herein-after referred to as the incor-~ porated Acts: % ,

lie Bathing. " Confirming authority means, as regards byelaws, rules, and

regulations confirmed prior to the nineteenth day of August one Sarkets"8 to thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, or made under any of the incorporated enactments by reason of the incorporation thereof with any Local Act and confirmed prior to the tenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and as regards other byelaws, rules, and regulations, the Local Government Board.

Confirmation 3. Every byelaw made or to be made under any of the incor-of byelaws. porated enactments by reason of the incorporation thereof with the Public Health Act, 1848, the Local Government Act, 1858, or the Public Health Act, 1875, or any Local Act, or any Provisional Order or any Act confirming such Provisional Order, and every rule and regulation made or to be made by an urban authority under section forty-eight of the Tramways Act, 1870, shall be deemed to have required or to require the confirmation of the confirming authority, and not to have required, or to require any other confirmation, allowance, or approval.

.1884. Public Health (Gonjvrrimtion of Byelaws) Act, 1884. Ch. 12,13.

21

4. This Act shall not invalidate the confirmation, allowance, or Saving clause, approval of any byelaw, rule, or regulation confirmed, allowed, or approved prior to the passing of this Act, nor shall this Act apply to any byelaw made or to be made under any of the incorporated enactments by reason of the incorporation thereof with any Local Act, if such byelaw has or will come into force without any confirmation, allowance, or approval, or if by the express provisions of the Local Act and without reference to the provisions with respect to confirmation, allowance, or approval of byelaws in any of the incorporated Acts, such byelaw is required to be confirmed, allowed, or approved otherwise than by the confirming authority.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act,

1878. [19th May 1884]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Contagious Diseases 41 & 42 vict.

I (Animals) Act, 1878, in this Act referred to as the principal c. 74.

Act:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purpose of preventing the introduction into the Power to Privy United Kingdom of the infection of foot and mouth disease, the Council to pro-Privy Council may from time to time by general or special order 1"1"t prohibit, whenever they deem it expedient so to do, the landing of animals^ cer-animals from any foreign country or countries or any specified part tain cases, thereof, and they shall prohibit such landing whenever they are not satisfied with respect to any foreign country, or any specified part thereof, that having regard to the sanitary condition of the animals therein, or imported therefrom, to the laws made by such country for the regulation of the importation and exportation of animals, and for the prevention of the introduction or spreading of disease, and to the administration of such laws, the circumstances are such as to afford reasonable security against the importation therefrom of animals affected with foot and mouth disease.

2. The provisions relating to quarantine contained in Part II. Extension of of the fifth schedule annexed to the principal Act shall apply to provisions animals brought from foreign countries from which the importation relating^ of animals is for the time being prohibited. quarantine.

3. The Privy Council may, if they think fit, exercise the powers Amendment vested in them under Part IV. of the said .fifth schedule, so far as of 41 & 42 relates to the admission of animals without being subject to 7£j. 4t slaughter, in relation to any specified part of a foreign country ' '' in the same manner as in relation to the whole of a foreign country, subject to such regulations as to the route by which the animals are conveyed to this country, quarantine, or otherwise as

22

Oh.13, 14. Contagious Diseases ('Animals) Act, 1884. 47 Yicx,

the Privy Council may from time to time by general or special order direct.

Additional 4. In addition to the powers conferred on the Privy Council power to Privy by the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, the Privy Council 4i *& 42 Vict. may ma^e such orders as they think fit for prohibiting the con* c. 74. ' veyance.of animals by any specified vessel to or from any port in

the United Kingdom for such time as they may consider expedient. Orders to i>e 5. Any order made in pursuance of this Act shall forthwith after laid before Par- the making thereof, if Parliament is then sitting, and if it is not sitting then forthwith after the next meeting of Parliament, be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

Construction 6. This Act, so far as is consistent with the tenour thereof, shall of Act and he construed as one with the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, short title. 1878, and shall apply to Ireland with the modifications and subject to the provisions contained in Part IY. of the principal Act, and this Act and the principal Act may be cited together as the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 and 1884, and this Act may be cited separately as the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1884* .

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the sixteenth section of the Married Women's Property Act, 1882. [23rd June 1884.]

45 & 46 Vict. WJ HERE AS by section sixteen of the Married Women's Pros' 75* ' ' perty Act, 1882, a wife is, under the, eucuinstances therein

mentioned, declared to be liable to- criminal proceedings by, her husband, and a doubt has arisen as to whether the husband ds admissible as a witness against his wife in such criminal proceedings, while section twelve of the same Act declares that in any proceeding under that section a husband or wife shall he competent to give evidence against each other; and it is desirable that the ' said doubt should be removed, and the said Act otherwise amended: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual' and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Husband or i. In any such criminal proceeding against a husband- or' a wife as is authorised by the Married Women's Property Act, 1882,<the criminal pro- husband and wife respectively shall be competent and admissible ceedings under witnesses, and, except when defendant, compellable to give evidence. ^75,46 wt' 2. This Act may be cited as the Married Women's Property Act, Short title. 1884, and this Act and the Married Women's Property Act,li$82, may be cited together as the Married Women's Property. Acts, . 1882 and 1884.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1884,

Ch. 15,16.

23

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to apply the sum of six million five hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds out of the Consolidated Bund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five. [23rd June 1884.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; .and, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time Issue of being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United King- oA\«fcon-OUt dom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good soiidated Fund the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending service on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and °ndi^y^t ,eighty-five, the' sum of six million five hundred and nineteen March 1885. thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds.

2. The Commissioners of the Treasury may borrow from time to Power to the time, on the-credit of the said sum, any sum Or sums'not exceeding to

in the whole the sum of six. million five hundred and nineteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight pounds, and shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest, not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, put of the growing produce of the. Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any sums:so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be' available in any maimer in which such fund is available.«

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, Short title.

, 1884.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to apply to Scotland certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, [23rd June 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, to apply to Scotland, in manner herein-after provided, certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883 : -

Bedt enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

24

Short title.

[Commencement of Act.]

Extension of definition of undischarged bankrupt.

Undischarged bankrupt obtaining credit to extent of 20/. to be guilty of crime and offence.

Application to Scotland of s. 32 of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, in regard to disqualifications of bankrupt.

Application to Scotland of ss. 33 and 34 of Bankruptcy Act, 1883, in regard to bankrupt's vacating seat in House of Commons or municipal or other offices.

0h.16. Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities(S.)A c£, 1884. 47&48 Vict.

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (Scotland) Act, 1884.

2. This Act shall commence and come into operation from and immediately after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

3. An undischarged bankrupt shall be deemed to include a person whose estate has been sequestrated or with respect to whom a decree of cessio bonorum has been pronounced, and who has not received his discharge from a competent court in Scotland.

4. Where an undischarged bankrupt obtains credit to the extent of twenty pounds or upwards from any person without informing such person that he is an undischarged bankrupt, he shall be guilty of a crime and offence, and may be dealt with and punished as if he had been guilty of a crime and offence under the Debtors (Scotland) Act, 1880, and the provisions of that Act shall apply to proceedings under this section.

5. In the application of section thirty-two of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, to Scotland the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The expression "adjudged bankrupt" shall include the case of a person whose estate has been sequestrated or with respect to whom a decree of cessio bonorum has been pronounced by a competent court in Scotland.

(2.) A person adjudged bankrupt shall be disqualified from being elected to or holding or exercising the office of provost, bailie, treasurer, dean of guild, deacon-convener of trades or councillor, or commissioner or magistrate of police, or being elected to or holding or exercising the office of member of a parochial board or; school board, or road trustee, or member of any local authority -under any Act for the time being in force (whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act) relating to local government in Scotland.

(3.) The disqualifications to which a person adjudged bankrupt is subject under the said section as amended by this Act shall be removed and cease if and when —

(a.) the sequestration of his estate is recalled or reduced, or the decree of cessio bonorum with respect to him is recalled or reduced; or |

(b.) he obtains his discharge from a competent court.

6. Sections thirty-three and thirty-four of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, shall apply to Scotland, subject to the following provisions:

(1.) In each of the said sections the expression | adjudged bankrupt " shall have the meaning assigned to it in the immediately preceding section of this Act.

(2.) In the said section thirty-three the expression " order " shall include " deliverance or decree," and the expression " court " shall include the court in Scotland pronouncing the deliverance or decree.

(3.) The said section thirty-four shall be deemed to apply to any person whilst holding the office of provost, bailie, treasurer, dean of guild, deacon-convener of trades or councillor, or commissioner or

1884. Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (8.) Act, 1884. Ch.1 6,17.

25

magistrate of police, or member of a parochial board or school board, or road trustee, or member of any local authority under any Act for the time being in force (whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act) relating to local government in Scotland,

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to provide for the appointment of an additional Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis and for other purposes relating to the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of such Police.

[23rd June 1884.]

WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Police Act, 1856, and the 19 & 20 Vict.

I Police Rate Act, 186,8, power is given to Her Majesty to vict appoint two assistant commisioners of the police of the Metropolis, c 1C '

and provision is made respecting the salaries and allowances of such assistant commissioners, and it is expedient to authorise the appointment of a third assistant commissioner:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Act, 1884. Short title. The Acts in the schedule to this Act .may be cited -by the short titles mentioned in that behalf in the third column of that schedule,

This Act together with the Acts in the schedule to this Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1884.

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to appoint a fit person to Appointment be a third assistant commissioner of police of the metropolis, and gg^g^t'eom-the Metropolitan Police Act, 1SB 6, and the Police Rate'Act, 1868, missioned shall apply i'n like manner as if three assistant commissioners of 19 & 20 Vict. pWib¥!6f the metropowwere therein mentioned instead of two. e-2-Provided that the salary and allowances of the assistant com- c. $>?, missioner appointed in pursuance of this Act shall be paid as part of the expenses of the Metropolitan Police.

3. (1.) .Section three of the Police Rate Act, -1868, with respect Amendment of to the allowances to an assistant commissioner of police shall apply * 32 Vict. as if | the commissioner. of police of the metropolis ^ere therein s'a .and mentioned as well as the assistant commissioners. ' 38& 39 Vict.

; (2.) The Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875, c> 28* shall apply to the commissioner and assistant commissioners of the Metropolitan Police so far as, respects any salary, remuneration, or emolument received or enjoyed,by any of them out of the expenses of the Metropolitan Police Force.

Ch. 17,18. Metropolitan Police Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict;

SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title. Short Title.

10 Geo. 4 c. 44. An Act for improving the police in and near the Metropolis. The Metropolitan Police, Act, 1829.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 47 An Act for farther improving the police in andmear the Metropolis. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1889.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 2 - An Act to amend the Acts relating to . the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Policed Act, 1856.

-20 & 21 Vict; c. 64 - An Act for raising a sum of money for building and improving stations of the Metropolitan Police and to amend the Acts concerning the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1857.

24 * 25 Vict. c. 124- An Act for amending the ;law relating to the re-. Ceiver for the Metropolitan Police district and for other purposes. An Act to amend the law relating to the funds provided for defraying the expenses of the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police . Act, 1861.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 67 - The Police Bate Act, 1868.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 28 - An Act to amend the law respecting the superannuation allowances of certain officers of the staff of the Metropolitan Police. The Metropolitan Police ' Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875. \m

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the Settled Land Act, 1882.

[3rd July 1884]

BE it enacted by th§ Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1# This Act may be cited as the Settled Land Act,. 1884.

Interpretation. 2. The expression " the Act of 1882" used in: this Act means

the Settled Land Act, 1882.

Construction 3. The Act of 1882 and this Act are to be read and construed of Act. together as one Act, and expressions used in this Act are to have the same meanings as those attached by the Act'of 1882 tio similar expressions used therein.

Fine on a 4. A fine received on the grant of: a lease under any power

capital0 b<ne conferred by the Act of 1882 is to. be deemed capital money arising

capi money. Act.

Settled Land Act, 1884.

Ch.,18.

27

5. (1.) The notice required by section forty-five of the Act of Notice under

1882 of intention to make a sale, exchange, partition, or lease .may 45 & 46 Vict. be notice of a general intention in that behalf. Lfy/aato'a

(2.) The tenant for life is, upon request by a trustee of the sale,'exchange, settlement, to furnish to him such particulars and information as °r

may reasonably be required by him from time to time with reference to sales, exchanges, partitions, or leases effected, or in progress, or immediately intended.

(3.) Any trustee, by writing under his hand, may waive notice either in any particular case, or generally, and may accept less than one month's notice.

‘(4.) This section applies to a notice given before, as well as to a notice given after, the passing of this Act.

. (5.) Provided that a notice, to the sufficiency of which objection has been taken before the passing of this Act> is not made sufficient by virtue of this Act.

6. (1.) In the case of a settlement within the meaning of section As to consents sixty-three of the Act of 1882, any consent not required by the tenants for terms of the settlement is not by force of anything contained in e‘

that Act to be deemed necessary to enable the trustees of the settlement. Or any other person, to execute any of* the trusts or powers created by the settlement.

(2.) In the case of every other settlement, not within the meaning of section sixty-three of the Act o£.1882, where two or more persons together constitute the tenant for Mfe for the purposes of that Act, then, notwithstanding anything contained in subsection (2.), of section fifty-six of that Act, requiring the consent of all those persons, the consent of one only of those persons is by force of that section to be deemed necessary to the exercise by the trustees of the settlement, or by any other person, Qf any power conferred by the settlement, exerciseable for any purpose provided for in that Act.

3 (3.) This section applies to dealings before, as well as after, the passing of this Act

7. With re^eetto the powers conferred by section sixty-three Powers given of the Act of 1882, the following provisions are to have effectby s. 63 to be

,(i.) Those powers are not to be exercised without the leave of the ...^UOUrt . j ,> j the Court.

(ii.) The Court may by . order, in aqy case in which it thinks fit; > give leave to exercise abhor any of those powers, and the order is to name the person, or persons to whom leave is given.

(iii.) ,The Court may from tune to time rescind, or vary, any order made under this section, or may make any new orfiirther order.

(iv.) So long as an order under this section is in force, neither the1' trustees of the'settlement, nor any person other than a person having the leave, shall execute any trust or power created by the settlement?, for any purpose for which leave is

i by the order given, to exercise a power conferred by the Act of

. 1882.:

; ' (v.') An Order under this 'Section may be registered and re registered, as a lis pendens, against the trusteed Of the settle-

28

Ch. 18,19.

Settled Land Act, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict,

ment named in the order, describing them on the register as " Trustees for the purposes of the Settled Land Act, 1882." (vi.) Any person dealing with the trustees from time to time, or with any other person acting under the trusts or powers of the settlement, is not to be affected by an order under this section, unless and until the order is duly registered, and when necessary re-registered, as a lis pendens.

(vii.) An application to the Court under this section may he made by the tenant for life, or by the persons who together constitute the tenant for life, within the meaning of section sixty-three of the Act of 1882.

(viii) An application to rescind or vary an order, or to make any new or further order under this section, may be made also by the trustees of the settlement, or by any person beneficially interested under the settlement.

(ix.) The person or persons to whom leave, is given by an order under this section, shall be deemed the proper person or persons , to exercise the powers conferred by section sixty-three of the Act of 1882, and shall have, and may exercise those powers accordingly.

(x.) This section is not to affect any dealing which has taken place before the passing of this Act, under any trust or power to which this section applies.

Curtesy to be 8. For the purposes of the Act of 1882 the estate of a tenant deemed to arise by the curtesy is to be deemed an estate arising under a settlement under settle- made by his wife, meat. *

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts so far as they relate to Children and young Persons.

[3rd July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. l. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Summary Jurisdiction over Children (Ireland) Act, 1884.

Extension of 2. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

3. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January ment^Act. one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

Summary 4. (1.) Where a child is charged before a court of summary

trial of children jurisdiction with any indictable offence other than homicide, the offencesmdess court, if they think it expedient so to do, and if the parent or objected to by guardian of the child so charged, when informed by the court of

parent or his right to have the child tried by a jury, does not object to the

child being dealt with summarily, may deal summarily with the

offence, and. inflict the same description of punishment as might

. have been inflicted had the case been tried on indictment:

1884. Sumrhary Jurisdiction over Children (I.) Act, 1884. Ch. 19.

29

Provided that —

(a.) A sentence of penal servitude shall not be passed, hut imprisonment shall be substituted therefor; and (6.) Where imprisonment is awarded the term shall not in any case exceed one month; and (c.) Where a fine is awarded the amount shall not in any case exceed forty shillings; and P| When the child is a male the court may, instead of any . other punishment, adjudge the child to be, as soon as practicable, privately whipped with not more than six strokes of a birch rod by a constable, in the presence of an inspector or other officer of police of higher rank than a constable, and also in the presence, if he desires to be present, of the parent or guardian of the child, r (2.) For the purpose of a proceeding under this section, the court of summary jurisdiction, at anytime during the hearing of the case at which they become satisfied by the evidence that it is expedient to deal with the case summarily, shall cause the charge tb be reduced into writing and read to the parent or guardian of the child, and then address a question to such parent or guardian to the following effect: "Do you desire the child to be tried by a f‘ jury, and object to the case being dealt with summarily ? " with a statement, if the court think such statement desirable for the information of such parent or guardian, of the meaning of the case being dealt with summarily, and of . the assizes or sessions (as the case may be), at which the child will be tried if tried by a jury.

(3.) Where the parent or guardian Of a child is not present when the child is charged with an indictable offence before a court of summary jurisdiction, the court may, if they think it just So to do, remand the child for the purpose of causing notice to be served on such parent or guardian, with a view, so far as is practicable, of securing his attendance at the hearing of the charge, or the court may, if they think it expedient so to do, deal with the case summarily.

(4.) This section shall not prejudice the right of a court of summary jurisdiction 'to send a child to a reformatory or industrial school.

(5.) This section shall not .render punishable for an offence any child who is not, in the opinion of the court before whom he is charged, above the age of seven years and ,of sufficient capacity to commit crime.

5. (1.) Where a young person is charged before a court of Summary trial Summary jurisdiction with any indictable offence specified in the schedule to this Act, the court, if they think it expedient so to do, *

having regard to the character and antecedents of the person charged, the nature of the offence, and all the circumstances of the case, and if the young person charged with the Offence, when informed by the court of his right to be tried by a jury, consents . to be dealt with summarily, may deal summarily with the offence, and in their discretion adjudge such person, if found guilty of the offence, either to pay a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or to be imprisoned with or 'without hard labour*, for any term not

so

C.19. Summary Jurisdiction over Children(I.) Act,l 884. 47& 48 Vict,

exceeding three months; .and if the young person is a male, and, in the opinion of the court, under the age of fourteen years, the court, 1 if they think it expedient so to do, may, either in substitution for or in addition to any other punishment under this Act, adjudge J such young person to be, as soon as practicable, privately whipped i with not more than twelve strokes of a birch rod by a constable, in the presence of an inspector or other officer of police of higher rank than a constable, and also in the presence, if he desires to be pre- sent, of the parent or guardian of such young person.

(2.) For the purpose of a proceeding under this section, the court, at any time during the hearing of the case at which they! become satisfied by the evidence that it is expedient to deal with the case summarily,' shall cause the charge to be reduced into writing and read to the young person charged, and then address a question to him to the following effect: " Do you desire to be r< tried by a jury, or do you .consent to the case being dealt with " summarily?" with a statement, if the court think such statement. desirable for the information of the young person to whom the . question is addressed, of the meaning of the case being dealt with summarily, and of the assizes or sessions (as the case may be) at which he will be tried if tried by a jury.

(3.) This section shall not prejudice the right of a court of summary jurisdiction to send a young person to a reformatory or an industrial school.

Restriction on 6. A child on summary conviction for an offence punishable punishment of 0n summary conviction under this Act, or under any other Act, mmy offence.* whether past or future, shall not be imprisoned for a longer period than one month nor fined a larger sum than forty shillings.

Power of 7. If upon the hearing of - a charge against children and . young

court to dis- persons for -an offence punishable on summary conviction mnder chS^e^and64 this Act, or under any other Act, whether past or future, the court young persons of summary jurisdiction think that, though the charge is proved,

'the-offence was in the particular case of so trifling a nature , that it is inexpedient to inflict any punishment, or any other than a nominal punishment,-^ : I

(1.) The coprt, without proceeding to conviction, may dismiss the information, and, if the court think fit, may order the person charged to pay such damages, not exceeding, forty shillings, and such costs of the proceeding, or. either of them, as the court think reasonable; or,

(2.) The court upon convicting the person charged may discharge him conditionally on his giving security, with I or without sureties, to appear for sentence when, called upon, or to be of. good behaviour, and either without payment of damages and costs, or subject to the payment of such damages and costs,'or either of them, as the court think reasonable. v

8. (a.) The enactments in force in the Dublin Metropolitan Police District relative to appeals in cases of summary jurisdiction, and the enactments of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, relative to appeals in the like cases, shall respectively extend to cases heard and determined in such district, and elsewhere in Ireland, under this Act.

without punishment.

Appeals and form of conviction.

31

(6.) Every conviction under this Act shall contain a statement, in the case of a child, as to the consent or otherwise of his parent or guardian, and, in the case of a young person, of the consent of such young person, to be tried by a court of summary jurisdiction.

9. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereinafter respectively assigned to them; that is to say.

The expression " child " means a person who in the opinion of the court before whom he is brought is under the age of twelve years: ' ' # '

The expression "young person" means a person who in the opinion of the court before whom he* is brought is of the age of twelve years and under the age of sixteen years:

The expression " guardian," in relation to a child or young person, includes any person who, in the opinion of the court having cognizance of any case in which a child or young person is concerned, has for the time being the charge of or control over such child or young person:

.The expression "court of summary jurisdiction " shall, in the police district of Dublin metropolis, mean a court constituted of a divisional justice acting tor the said district, and elsewhere in- Ireland shall mean a court constituted of one or more justices of the peace sitting in petty sessions.

SCHEDULE.

Indictable Offences which can be dealt with Summarily

* UNDER THIS ACT.

Young Persons consenting.

1. Simple larceny.

2. Offences declared by any Act for the' time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny.

3. Larceny from or stealing from the person.

4. Larceny as a clerk or servant.

5. Embezzlement by a clerk or servant.

6. Receiving stolen goods.

. ,7. Aiding, abetting, counselling, or procuring the commission of simple larceny, or of an offence declared by any Act for the tuge. being in force to be punishable as simple larceny, or of larceny or stealing from the person, or of larceny as a clerk or servant.

8. Attempt to commit simple larceny, or an offence declared by any Act for the time being in force to be punishable as simple larceny, or to commit larceny from or steal from the person, or to commit larceny as a clerk or servant.

This Act shall apply to any 6f the following offences when alleged to have been committed by a young person in like manner as if , such offence were included in the schedulethat is to say,

(1.) To any offence in relation to railways and railway carriages mentioned in sections thirty-two and thirty-three of the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth 'and twenty-fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter We hundred, intituled, "An Act to con-- " solidate and amend the statute law of England and Ireland relating "to offences against the person "; and (i2.) To any offence relating to railways mentioned in section thirty-five of the Act of the session of the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of

Definitions for purposes of the Act.

32 Cti.19,20. Summary Jurisdiction over GhUdren(L) Act 47&48 Vict.

the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-seven, intituled " Au " Act to consolidate and amend the statute law of England and Ireland* « relating to malicious injuries to property "; and (3.) To any indictable offence, either under the Post Office Laws or pro* secuted by Her Majesty's Postmaster-General; and for the purpose of this provision the expression " Post Office Laws " has the same meaning as it has in the Act of the session of the seventh year of the reign of King William the Fourth and the first year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-six, intituled " An Act for " consolidating the laws relative to offences against the Post Office of " the United Kingdom, and for regulating the judicial adminis-c " tration of the Post Office Laws, and for explaining certain terms " and expressions employed in those laws," and the Acts amending the same.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages of Members of the Greek Church in England.

[3rd July 1884.]

WHEREAS it is alleged that certain marriages have been from time to time, between the years one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six and one thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, solemnized between members of the Greek Church in the Greek Chapel then situate at 9, Finsbury Circus, in the City of London, and afterwards, within the said period, at London Wall, in the said City i ...

And that similar marriages have been from time to time, within the said period, solemnized at the residences of members of the said Church:

And that such marriages were respectively solemnized in conformity with the rights and ceremonies of the Greek Church by a priest of that Church, and entries of the said respective marriages so solemnized have from time to time been made in the register book kept for that purpose at the said chapels respectively, or otherwise, in the custody of the said priest:

And that the said marriages were respectively solemnized in the belief that the aforesaid conformity to and compliance with the rites and ceremonies of the Greek Church constituted a compliance with the law of England:

And whereas objections may be made to the validity of such marriages, by reason of the same not having been solemnized in any consecrated or licensed church or chapel of the Church of England, or in any registered building, or at the office of the Registrar, and not having been solemnized after due publication of banns, or under licence or special licence, or in the presence of a Clerk in Holy Orders of the Church of England, or a Registrar of marriages, and it is expedient to confirm, in the manner and subject to the proviso herein-after mentioned, any marriage which may have been contracted in the manner and under the circumstances aforesaid, notwithstanding all or any of the aforesaid defects:

Ch. 20.

33

\Greek Marriages Act, 1884.

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and 'Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any party to any such marriage as aforesaid, and any child 9ertain mar‘

or grandchild of any such party, and any person interested in the validity of any such marriage,' may respectively apply to the Finsbury Probate and Matrimonial Division of Her Majesty's High Court of ,

Justice by petition, praying the Court for a decree declaring that or at residence such marriage was a valid marriage; and the said Court shall have of members of jurisdiction to hear and determine such application, and shall, if ^be^aKd*1' an entry of such marriage shall appear to have been duly made

upon the register book aforesaid, and if the Court be satisfied that such marriage was solemnized in the manner and in the belief aforesaid, and was in all other respects good and lawful, declare the same to have been a valid marriage, notwithstanding all or any of the defects aforesaid: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend to render valid any marriage which before the passing thereof has been declared invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction in any proceeding touching such marriage, or any right dependent on the validity or invalidity thereof, or any marriage where either of the parties thereto has afterwards during the life of the other intermarried with any other person.

Any petition under this Act shall be accompanied by such affidavit verifying the same as the said Court may from time to time direct.

In respect of all matters and things by this Act not specially provided for, the provisions of sections five, six, and seven of the Act 21 and 22 Vict. c. 93. shall mutatis mutandis apply, and all proceedings under this Act shall be had and taken in conformity therewith, and with such of the rules for the time being in force with reference to applications to the Court under the said Act as may be applicable, or with such rules as the Judges of the said Court for the time being authorised to make yules may from time to time prescribe.;

2. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that the status Saving for of any person or any right of any person to any real or personal status a*1*1 property or any estate or interest of any such person in any real or p^y^enen*. personal property which may be dependent on the invalidity of any dent on m-such marriage shall not be altered, taken away, or injuriously validity of affected by any decree made under the provisions of this Act; but marnage' shall be and remain as valid and effectual in law to all intents and .purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

3. The priest of the Greek Church,' br other the person in whose Certificates of custody the register books relating to such marriages as aforesaid

shall be kept, bn the passing of this Act, shall forthwith transmit probate and to the Registrar of the Probate and Matrimonial Registry a copy Matrimonial signed by him of the register aforesaid, and the said Registrar shall KeSistry-receive and preserve the same in the Said Registry.

4. This Act may be cited as the Greek Marriages Act, 1884 Short title.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to provide for the better administration of the Fund under the control of the Trustees to aid the Sea and Coast fisheries of Ireland; and for other purposes in relation thereto. [3rd July 1884.]

WHEREAS certain moneys, which are in this Act referred rto »1 as the Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund, being the residue of a larger sum collected by public subscription for the reliefof distress in Ireland in the year ope thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, arenow vested in trustees known as the Trustees to aid Sea and Coast Fisheries ,of Ireland, and are held by su,oh trustees upon trust to apply the same for promoting and encouraging the Coast Fisheries in. Ireland:

. And whereas it inexpedient for the, more efficient and economic* administration of the said fund that it should be transferred to the Com.m^ssioners of Publip Works. ip. Ireland, and the said Commissioners have^with, the consent of the Commissioners of Jler J4ajegty*s, Treasury, agreed to such transfer, and it is expedient that the said transfer should, be carried into, effect:

37 & 38 Vict. And whereas under the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act,; 1874,

the Irish Reproductive Loan. Fund is, held, by the. Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland upon trust, to dispose of the same by way of loan for. the purposes of the. ,said Act, and isj appropriated among the counties enumerated in. the L§che(bde tQnthe saidA^t.m the proportions specified, in that schedule

And whereast certain of ithe saffi. counties lin theitsai4meheduLe abut upon the sea, and othersAo not/. - . . ttiiv/ -. - .

And whereas the'purposes of1- the'Said Irish ReproduetiV§ Ifean Fund Act, 1874, include, in th&ease,:of the'cotmties-so abutting on th^!isea> certain 'puiposesi mHhe said- Act refeired to as fi&h&rp purposes, and rsuch fishery purposes, or some of them> are similar to those provided for by the trust of the said Sea* and Cohst HUS Fisheries Fund:

And whereas the counties, so abutting on the Sea as aforesaid for which provision has been made by the said Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874, are herein-after referred to as the endoSved counties :1L '

And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of Public , Works inTreland should have power rto administer the said Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund, when transferred to them, by way c>f loan for such- fishery purposes, as are, referred to in ^the . Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874, in all- bn any of the counties of; Ireland which abut upon the sea, (in this Act referred, to as " the maritime counties "),''‘but that the said*Commissioners should . nevertheless in so administering the said fund Jhave regard to the benefits conferred on the- endowed counties by the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund, and should, so far as is consistent with justice, to the extent of such benefits give a preference to the maritime counties which are not so endowed:

35

1884. Seaand^Goast Fisherie&Fi/bftd^Irela/nd) A'ctf, 1884. Oh.-21.

Be it therefore 'enacted by the Queen'® most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund Short title. (Ireland) Act, 1884.

2. All property of - every description, including all interests and Transfer of rights in, to, and out of property, and including obligations and property to the things in action, which may form part of the Sea and Coast of p^Heoners Fisheries Fund, or may be vested in or under the control of the Works in Trustees to aid Sea and Coast Fisheries of Ireland, or any of them Ireland.

as such trustees, or in or under the control of any oilier person whatsoever, as part or on account of the said fund, shall' from and after the passing of this Act pass to and vest in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland (in this Act referred to as "the Commissioners), subject to all debts and liabilities affecting the same, and immediately after the passing of this Act the said trustees, shall transfer, to the Commissioners all books,'Securities,' papers, documents, and other property of every description -held or possessed *by them. (

Ther Commissioher® !may enforce in their owh name, or in the name of their secretary for the time being, Or any such other person as they may direct, any r'emedies for the recovery of any portion of the said fund which if this Act had not passed might have'- been enforced by the said trustees, or any of them, or any persOni oil their behalf and any; sums of money due to the trustees at^the titne of the ((arising of this Act shall be considered4 as due to tii#'Commissioners, and may5be shed and'TecoYbrfed'by the Commissioners in the same manner as if such moneys had been lent by them and not by the trustees;J i

All moneys, stocks, and securities standing in the bookVr,of - the Bank of Ireland in the namp 'Of the said trustees or any" of them or any other person on account Of the said fund shall pe, entered in or transferred to the name of the Commissioners, and the Governor and Company of tfik Bank of Ireland' are hereby authorised and required to make such entry or transfer.

3. The Commissioners' shall hold the Sea and Coast , Fisheries Application of

Fund hereby transferred -to them upon trust to dispose thereof for 0om~

the benefit of the maritime counties, care being taken, so far as is misB10ners' practicable, to do equal justice between the said counties; and for

the purpose of so doing justice it shall be the duty of the Commissioners in applying the Sea-and Coast Fisheries Fund to give a preference to the maritime counties which are not endowed over the endowed counties to the extent of such endowment; and farther it shall be the duty of the Commissioners in applying the said Sea and Coast Fisheries Furn^to the endowed counties to give a preference as between such counties to those counties wJOich have a:

less endowment over those which have a greater endowment to the extent of the difference between such endowments.

C-2

36 Ch. 21. Sect and Coast Fisheries Fund (/.) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Yicx, j

Certain pro- 4. There shall he incorporated with this Act:

visions of (l.) The following provisions of the Irish Reproductive Loan

Fund Act, 1874; that is to say,

45 Vict. c. 16. (a.) So much of section five as relates to the interest to be

incorporated. charged in respect of loans, and to the persons to whom

and the security upon which loans for fishery purposes 1 are to be made, and to the mode of testifying the recommendation of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries relating to any such loan; and (b.) Section six, relating to the recovery of loans, including any costs and charges incurred in respect of such loans; and (c.) Section seven, relating to the investment of moneys in the hands of the Commissioners and not employed by them in loans; and (d.) Section eight, relating to a certificate stating the amount due to the Commissioners from any person in respect of a loan made to him, together with interest thereon; and

(e.) Section nine, relating to the recovery of a loan and of all moneys due to the Commissioners in respect thereof in case the Commissioners are satisfied that the borrower is not carrying into effect the undertaking for which the loan was made; and (/.) Section ten, felating to the making, rescinding, annulling, and adding to rules by the Lord Lieutenant in Council, and to the validity of such rules, and to the judicial notice thereof, and the duty of the Commissioners,. and of the inspectors of fisheries to conform thereto; and (g.) Section twelve, relating to the rendering of accounts, and to the submission of such accounts, or a summary thereof, to Parliament; and (2.) The following provisions of the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Amendment Act, 1882; that is to say,

(a.) Section three, relating to the supply of boats or fishing gear in lieu of money to persons obtaining loans; and (6.) Section four, relating to the recovery of moneys due to the Commissioners on account of loans; and (c.) Section five, relating to a certificate stating the amount due to the Commissioners from any person in respect of a loan, together with interest thereon, and any costs and charges in respect of such loan or the recovery thereof; so far as the said sections are applicable to and not inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Act; and, for the purposes of such incorporation, the said sections shall be construed as if all references therein to the said Acts, or either of them, were references to this Act, and the loans therein referred to were loans under this Act.

Compensation 5. The Commissioners may pay out o| the fund hereby transemployment. f1erred to them a sum of five hundred pounds to the secretary of the trustees as compensation for the determination of his employment as such secretary.

37

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Buildings of Non-vested National Schools and Training Colleges in Ireland. [3rd July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Loans for Schools and Training Short title. Colleges (Ireland) Act, 1884.

2. In addition to the purposes for which loans maybe made Loans for under the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Acts, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may, in such cases as training coi-they may judge expedient, subject to such rules as may from time leges, to time be made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, make loans for the purpose of assisting any person in the erection, enlargement, structural improvement, or purchase of a house to be used as a non-vested national school Or training college, or in the enlargement or structural improvement of any existing non-vested national school or training college, or in the acquisition or improvement of a farm, not exceeding twenty .five acres in extent, connected with a non-vested national school or training college, to be used for the purpose of agricultural instruction, or for the purpose of discharging any debt due and incurred before the nineteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four in the erection, enlargement, structural improvement, or purchase of a house to be used as a training college.

Such loans shall only be made on the recommendation of the Commissioners of National EducatioS in Ireland.

3. When any loan is made under this Act, the Commissioners Insurance of of Public Works may from time to time, if they think fit, insure ^o^ioans against damage by fire all buildings charged with the repayment have been of such loan, in such insurance office, and for such sum as the made. Commissioners think fit; and all premiums paid on account of such insurance shall be deemed to be included in every charge and security whereby the repayment of such loan is secured, and shall be forthwith recoverable in like manner gs any instalment of the rentcharge payable in respect of such loan.

4. Loans under this Act shall be repaid by the payment to Her Provisions Majesty of an annual rentcharge at vthe rate of five pounds for Laud every hundred pounds advanced on account thereof, and so in pro- ^tso apply portion for any less amount, and such rentcharge shall be payable to loans under for the term of thirty-five years, and all lands on which any house this Act-or building may stand which is erected, enlarged, improved, or purchased wholly or partly by means of a loan under this Act, and any such JiqUse or building, and any other land acquired or improved wholly or partly by means of a loan under this Act, shall be charged, with the payment of such loan; and, so far as is consistent with this Act, all the provisions of the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Acts relating to loans, and the priority, repayment, and

38

Gh.22,23. Looms for Schools & Training GoUeges(I.) Act. 47 & 48 Vic*f.

recovery thereof and otherwise, shall apply to loans made under this . Act and the priority, repayment, and recovery of such loans and otherwise in relation thereto, and the said Acts and this Act shall be read together and construed as one, save so far as this Act may be inconsistent with those Acts, or any of them.

The Cemtiaissioners of Public Works may further, if- they think fit, .for the purpose of securing the repayment of a loan under this Act, take the security of at least three persons, of whose sufficiency and solvency the said Commissioners are satisfied, such security to be subject to such conditions as the said Commissioners think proper.

Interpretation. 5. In this Act the term " Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Acts " means, the Act of the session of the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-two, in-- tituled " An Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property " in Ireland," and any Acts amending or extending the same; and the term "non-vested national school" has the same meaning as 38 & 39 Vict. in the National School Teachers Residences (Ireland) Act, 1875. *ul

<5. 82.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act for giving facilities for the Conversion of Three per Cent. Stock into Stock of a Lower Denomination

, and for other purposes relating thereto. [3rd July 1884.}

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by "and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled^and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Subject to the limitation , in this Act mentioned, the Treasury may at any time and from time to time within two years after the passing of this Act, by warrant [addressed to the Bank, direct —

(a) that stock shall be created, consisting of perpetual annuities yielding dividends at the rate of two pounds fifteen shillings per cent, per annum, which stock may be called two and three-} quarters per cent, stock; and (b) that an additional amount of two and a half per cent, stock shall be created;

or give either of such directions: Provided that the amount of stock so directed to be created shall not h# more khan the Treasury, on. the recommendation of the National Debt- Commissioners, from time to time deem sufficient for the purpose of exchange under this Act.

(2.) The two and three-quarters percent, stock, and tfro and'a half per cent, stock, shall not be redeemable until the fifth day of January one thousand nine hundred and five, but Oil-and after such day shall be redeemable by Parliament, after not. less than one. month's notice at the rate of one' hundred pounds sterling for every hundred pounds of the capital sums in respect of which the annuities

Creation of new 2f per cent, stock and of additional 2£ per cent, stock.

89

188,4. National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884. Ch. 23.

are payable,; together with the payment of all arrears of such annuities, including a proportionate part accrued since the last date for the payment of dividends. > mbiUHitm doi

>1, (3.) Such notice shall be a resolution of the House of Commons signified by the Speaker in writing and printed in the London Gazette; and the portion of stock redeemed at one time shall not be less, in the case of two and three-quarters per cent, stock, than five million pounds capital stock, and in the case of two and a half per cent, stock, than fourteen million pounds capital stock; but subject as aforesaid, the mode of redemption shall be determined by an Act to be hereafter passed.

(4.) The two and three-quarters per cent, stock of annuities shall form part of the National Debt, and shall be payable by equal quarterly dividends on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of October i^a every year.

: (5.) The annuities created in pursuance of this Act shall bd charged, on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and paid out of the permanent annual charge of the National Debt, and the provisions of the National Debt Act, 1870, shall apply in the 33 & 34 Vict. same manner, so far as may be consistently with the tenour of c*7l* this Act, as if the stocks of annuities created in pursuance of this Act were part of the stocks of perpetual annuities described in the First Schedule to the National Debt Act, 1870; and the two and a half per cent, stock created under this Act shall be consolidated with the two and-a half per cent.'stock mentioned in the said Schedule; and the Treasury may by warrant declare that the two

and three-quarters per cent, stock shall be subject to Part Five of the said Act.

2. — (1.) The Treasury may make arrangements whereby three Exchange of per cent, stock may be exchanged for either two and three-quarters 3 Per <^Dt-per cent, stock, or for two and a half per cent, stock, at a rater not exceeding one hundred and two pounds of two and three-quarters per cent, per cent, stock, or one hundred and eight pounds of two and a half stock* per cent, stock for every hundred pounds of three per cent, stock, and so in proportion for any greater, or less sum than one hundred pounds.

. (2.) For the purpose of effecting such exchange the Bank shall cancel in their .books as from the date of the exchange the amount to-be exchanged of three; pen cent, stock standing in the name of the person making the exchange, and shall inscribe in their books in the name of such person the amount of two and three-quarters per cent, stock, or of two and a half; per cent stock (as the case may be), to he given in exchange for the three percent, stock so cancelled.

-(I,) At the expiration-of each of such periods as the Treasury Adjustment of from time to time fix, not exceeding twelve months, an account shall accounts as to be, taken , of the pecuniary results of the operations under this ^SLuge Act during that period; and if during that period there has been by under Bill, reason of such operations an increase in the nominal capital amount of the national debt, the -Treasury shall forthwith create in the names of the National Debt Commissioners terminable annuities of such amount as, if based on a rate of interest of two and a half per

i Ch. 23. National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

cent, per annum, will within a period not exceeding fifty yearn from the date of creation, extinguish the amount of the said increase; and such annuities shall he charged on the consolidated fund and paid out of the permanent annual charge of the national debt, and shall be applied by the National Debt Commissioners, in like manner as if the same were part of the new sinking fund.

(2.) If the said account shows with respect to the said period, that any such diminution in the annual charge for the dividends of the national debt as has arisen from the operations under this Act, exceeds the annual amount of the terminable annuities created under this section, the amount of such excess shall be deemed to be the net saving from the operations of this Act, and the permanent annual charge of the national debt shall be reduced by the amount of such saving.

(3.) The Treasury may from time to time redeem out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, all or any part of the terminable annuities created in pursuance of this section, and the permanent annual charge of the National Debt shall be reduced by the amount of the terminable annuities so redeemed.

Provision as 4. — (1.) Where by reason of any exchange of stock in pursuance

to increase of of this Act an increase of charge for the annual dividends of the fronFeaSer1^ National Debt arises in one financial year ending on the thirty-first payment of day of March, and the amount of such increase would but for such dividends. exchange have been a charge in the next financial year, the Treasury may borrow all or so much as they think fit of the amount of such increase, and may borrow the same by means of terminable annuities of such amount as will pay off the loan within a period not exceeding twenty years, and such annuities shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund and shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge of the National Debt.

(2.) The Treasury may from time to time redeem out of the Com-solidated Fund or the growing produce thereof the said annuities or any part thereof, and the permanent annual charge of the National Debt shall be reduced by the amount of any annuities so redeemed.

Adaptation Of 5. Regulations made in pursuance of the Savings Banks Act, 43 & 44 Vict. 1880, with respect to investments in and sales of stock through the c. 86. re. 3 and of trustee and post office savings banks may provide for

sjpOTcent. investments in two and three-quarters per cent, stock and in two

stock. and a half per cent, stock, or in either of such stocks, and may pro*

vide for any depositor credited with any three per cent, stock, in pursuance of the said Act, exchanging such stock for two and three-quarters per cent, stock, and two and a half per cent, stock, or either of such stocks, in manner provided by the said regulations; and for the purpose of regulations made in pursuance of this section, the expression " Government stock " in the Savings Banks Act, 1880, shall be deemed to include two and three-quarters per cent, stock and two and a half per cent, stock.

Power of court, . 6. — (1.) Where any three per cent, stock is standing in the name rektion to° *n ^he following officers, namely,- — r

exchange of (a0 Her Majesty's Paymaster General, on behalf of the High Court stock. of Justice in England; or .

41

(b.) the Accountant to the Court of Session in Scotland; or

(c.j the Accountant General of the consolidated accounting office of the High Court of Justice in Ireland; the Treasury, with the approval, in the case of England, of the Lord Chancellor, and in the case of Scotland, of the Lord Advocate, and in the case of Ireland, of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, may make regulations as to the mode in which such stock may, with the consent of the person to whom the dividends .on such stock are for the time being payable, or, if any other person is entitled to or interested in the stock, or the dividends are being accumulated, then with the consent, in the case of England or Ireland, of the judge of the High Court of Justice to whose court the cause or matter to the credit of which the stock is standing is attached, or where the cause or matter is not so attached, then with the consent of any judge of the said Court, and with the consent, in the case of Scotland, of the Court of Session, be exchanged for two and three-quarters per cent, stock or two and a half per cent, stock in manner provided by this Act. i; > (2.) Where the person to whom such dividends are payable receives the same as trustee, committee of a lunatic, guardian of an infant, or otherwise in a fiduciary character, he may, subject to any provision of the aforesaid arrangements, give the aforesaid consent.

(3.) Where any three per cent, stock is standing in the name of the official trustees of charitable funds, an exchange in pursuance of this Act shall not be made except on the request or with the consent of the trustees or persons acting in the administration of the charity to which such stock belongs.

(4.) Where any three per cent, stock is. standing in the name of any person other than the officers above mentioned, such person (in this section referred to as the holder) may exchange such stock or any part thereof for two and three-quarters per cent, stock or two and a half per cent, stock in manner provided by this Act: provided that Where the consent of any person other than the holder is^required for a change of investment by such holder, such consent shall be required for the purpose of an exchange in pursuance of this section; and where the holder is a trustee, and has not power under the terms Of-his trust to vary investments, the consent either of every person interested in the stock, or of a judge of the High Court of Justice in England and Ireland, or in Scotland of a judge of the Court of Session,- shall be required for the purpose of an exchange in pursuance of this section; but otherwise holders shall not be liable for' any loss resulting from any exchange in pursuance of this section. Subject to rules of court, any jurisdiction given by this Act to a judge of the High Court of Justice shall be exercised by a judge of the Chancery -Division.

(5.) The Bank shall not be required to inquire as to whether any such consent as aforesaid is given to any exchange, nor be responsible in the event of any consent not having been given.

(6.) A power, Whether subject or not to-any restrictions or conditions, to invest in three p3r cent, stock shall extend to authorise an investment, subject to the same conditions and restrictions (if any) in two and three-quarters per cento stock and in two and a half per cent, stock, or either of such Stocks.

42

Oh, 23, National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vicar

Supplemental 7. — (1.) Where stock k exchanged under thk Act, the stock

provisions. taken in exchange and the dividends thereon shall be subject to the same trusts, charges, rights, distringas, and restraints as affect the stock cancelled on the exchange and the dividends thereon reaper tively, and all powers of attorney, requests as to dividends, and other documents relating to the cancelled stock and the dividends thereof or either of them, shall apply to the; stock taken in exchange and the dividends thereon respectively, i

* 02-,) The arrangements made by the Treasury for the exchange e! stock under this Act may- provide for the manner in which any request for or assent to such exchange is to be made or given, and as to the evidence of title, unsoundness of mind, infaneyyor other matter which the Bank may require, and in the case of-a stockholder who k of unsound mind, or an infant, or otherwise under disability, may provide for the request-or assent being made or given by the committee, guardian, or other person on behalf df such stockholder, and where one Or more of the holders of stock on a joint account ia.or; are of unsound mind, an infant, infants, or under disability, or is or are beyond the seas, may ako provideJor dispensing with the request or assent of such holder, or holders.

(3.) A warrant from the Treasury shall be a sufficient authority to the Bank for anything done by- the Bank in. pursuance of such authority for the purposes of, this Act.

Remuneration 8* There shall be paid to* trie Banks of England and Ireland respectively out or the Consolidated Fund, qn account of - any additional trouble, r expense, and responsibility which, may be imposed on them by this Act, in addition to. the , renrunefation otherwise payable to them in respect of the management of the National Debt, such'remuneration as the Treasury and they agree oil.

9. In thk Act — <* - ,fi0 vnr.V .

: ." The Treasury " means the Gommksioners of Her Treasury.

The Lord Chancellor" means the, Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and includes the Lord Keeper or Commksionersf.; of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom.

v £*- The Lord Chancellor of Ireland " includes the Lord Kefegey oil ..... the. .Lords. Commissioners for the custody of the Great Seal of Ireland.

The National Debt-Gommksioners " means the . Commissioners for the Seduction of the National Debt.

The. Bank " means-the Governor and, Company of , the Bank of England, or the Governor and Company of the Bank-of . ((.j Ireland, and includes their successors.

" Person '' includes a body of persons corporate or, unincorporate, , "Three per cent, stock,''-moans thp,stocks of..consolidatedthfee pounds per centum annuities, reduced three ppundg ppr centum annuities, and new: .three pounds per c§ntum; annuities, or spry ;Of suchstocks.

" Two and a half per cent, stock" means the stock of tvsfq pounds ten' shillings per centum annuities.

Majesty's

to Banks of England and Ireland.

Definitions.

43

1834. ' NationalDMiCfonverdon of Stock) Act, 1884. Cs.23,24.

"'The permanent annual charge of the National Debt-V means the permanent manual charge1 for the National Debt within the meaning of the Sinking Futid Act, 1875, and this Acts amending the same.

10. This Act may be cited for all purposes As the National Debt (Conversion of Stock) Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the Colonial Attorneys Belief Act.

[3rd July 1884]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend thO provisions of the I Colonial Attorneys Belief Act as to certain colonies,‘ or dependencies:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Upon application made by the governor or person exercising the functions of governor of any of Her Majesty's colonies or dependencies, and after it has been shown to the satisfaction Of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies, that the system of jurisprudence as administered in such colony or dependency answers to and fulfils the conditions specified in section three of the Colonial Attorneys Belief Act, and also that the attorneys and solicitors of the superior courts of law or equity in England are admitted as attorneys and solicitors in the superior courts of law and equity of such colony or dependency, on production of their certificates of admission in the English courts, without service in the colony or .dependency or examination except in the laws of the colony or. dependency in so far as they differ from the laws of England, Her Majesty may from time to time by Order in Council direct the Colonial Attorneys Belief Act to come into operation as to such colony or dependency, although persons may in Certain cases be admitted as attorneys or solicitors in such colony or dependency without possessing all the qualifications, for admission or having fulfilled the conditions specified in the said section three, and thereupon, but not otherwise, the provisions of the Colonial Attorneys Belief Act shall apply to persons duly adnjdtted as attorneys and solicitors in such 'colony or dependency after service and examination; that is to say no attorney or solicitor of any such colony or 'dependency shall be admitted as a solicitor' of the Supreme Court in England unless, in addition to the requirements of the Colonial Attorneys Belief Act, he prove by affidavit that he has served for five years under .articles^ of clerkship to a - solicitor' or attorney-at-law in such colony or dependency, and passed an examination to test his fitness and capacity, before he was admitted an attorney or solicitor in such

Short title of Act.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 39.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 41.

Extension of 20 & 21 Vict. c. 89.

37 & 33 Vict. c. 41.

to colony on application of governor;1' &c.

44

Short title.

Ch.24,25. Colonial Attorneys Relief Act Amendment Act. 47&48Vi0r

colony or dependency, and further that he has since been actual practice as attorney or solicitor in such colony or dependency * for the period of seven years at the least.

2. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Attorneys Relief Act Amendment Act, 1884.

Short title.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

[3rd July 1884]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant 'unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Customs' and Inland Revenue - Act, 1884.

Import duties on tea.

Duty on licence for hackney carriage.

32 & 38 Vict. c. 115.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 89.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 101. Seduction of duties on carriages commenced to be used on or after the 1st October.

PART I.

Customs and Excise.

2. The duties of customs now chargeable upon tea shall continue to be levied and charged, oh and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four until the first day of August one- thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, on the imports* tion thereof into Great Britain or Ireland; (that is to say,)

Tea, the pound - Sixpence.

3. On and after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, the duty on an excise licence for a hackney carriage, that is to say, as so defined by the Metropolitan Publics Carriage Act, 1869, or as deemed so to be by virtue of the Towns Police Clauses Act, 1847, or the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862 (whether adopted in any town or burgh or not), shall be the duty of fifteen shillings and no more.

4. Where a person has, on or after the first day of October in any year, commenced to keep and use a carriage for which a licence is required under the Act of the thirty-second arid thirty-third years of Her Majesty's reign, chapter fourteen, he shall, upon delivering a declaration in writing signed by him to the above effect, be entitled to take out such licence upon payment of the duties

Ch. 25.

45

1884. Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1884.

following in lieu of the duties imposed by the said Act, that is to say: —

jf £ s. d.

If such carriage, not being a hackney carriage, shall have four or more wheels, and shall be of the weight of four hundredweight or upwards - - 1 1 0

If such carriage shall be a ‘hackney carriage or shall have less than four wheels, or having four or more wheels shall be of less weight than four hundredweight - h - 0 7 C

PART II.

Income Tax.

5. There shall be charged, collected, and paid for the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four in respect of all property, profits, and gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act of the sixteenth and seventeenth years bf Her Majesty's reign, chapter thirty-four, the following duties of income tax; (that is to say,}

For every twenty shillings of the. annual value or amount of property, profits, and gains chargeable under Schedules (A.) (C.) (D.) or (E.) of the said Act the duty of fivepence ;

And for every twenty shillings of the annual value of the occupation of lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act, —

In England, the duty of twopence halfpenny;

In Scotland and Ireland respectively, the duty of one penny three farthings.

6. All such provisions contained in any Act relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, shall have full force and effect, with respect to the duties of income tax granted by this Act so far as the Same shall be consistent with the provisions of this Act.

7 — (1.) Where any dividend, interest, or other annual profits or gains, due or payable half-yearly or quarterly, shall have become due or payable in the course of the said year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and shall have been paid to any person prior to the passing of this Act without any charge for the duty of income tax hereby granted having been made thereon or deducted therefrom, the amount of the said duty shall be added to the assessment in respect of' the next half-yearly or quarterly payment to such person, and charged thereon and deducted therefrom accordingly.

(2.) Where any person liable to pay any rent, interest, annuity, or other annual payment in the course of the said year shall, on making any such payment prior to the passing of this Act, have not made any deduction in respect of the duty of income tax hereby granted, he shall be authorised to make the deduction on the occasion of the next payment, in addition to any other deduction which he may by law be authorised to make.

Grant of duties of i n-come tax.

Provisions of Income Tax Acts to apply to duties hereby granted.

Provisions as to duty on dividends, &c. paid prior to passing of this Act.

46 Ch.;25. Cv$i<Msf(indiJnland Mvenue Ac2,1.884; 47 & 48 Vic®.

(3.) The chaise or deduction of the duty of income tax hereby granted in the case of any payment made in the course of the said year prior to the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been a legal charge or deduction.

Assessment of 8. With respect to the assessment of the duties of income tax in<»me tax hereby granted under Schedules (A.) and (B.) in respect of property Schedules (A.) elsewhere than in the metropolis as defined by the Valuation- :; and (B.) and (Metropolis) Act, 1869, and of the duties on inhabited houses else-bite^house w^ere than in the said metropolis; for the year commencing, as| for the respects England, on the sixth day of April, and as respects Scot*! year 1884-6. land, on the twenty-fourth day of May one thousand eight hundred ' o26788 ^1Ct* an<^ eighty-four, the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The inspectors or surveyors of taxes shall be the assessors for j the said duties, and, in lieu of the poundage by law granted | to be divided between the-.assessors and collectors in regard | to such duties* there shall be paid a poundage of - .three halfpence to the collectors thereof lfa\

. r(2.)i The sumrcharged as the annual value of any property in .the h assessment of income tax thereonf or the year which commenced i .‘t on the sixth day of April one thousand eight .hundred and eighty-three, and the sum, charged as the annual value of every inhabited house int.the assessment made thereon forth®. year as, respects England, and as respecte Scotland. the year which commenced |pn. the twenty-fifth, day (of May one s | thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, shall betaken; as/the . .. annual value-of suijh property,.orr of such inhabited,house, for] the assessment j and charge :thereon of-; the i duties of.; income tax hereby .granted; 05..of thp duties, on inhabited hpuses, to;

v. | all intents and purposes as -if tsueh sum had been egthnated to be the annual value in conformity with (therprovhiftus in that, .. behalf contained -in, the Acts relating, to income,tax andfcbhe

xaT mmH duties^siuhabited'.housesv^peetivelFi

(3.) The.. Ooinmissioners executing the.,said Acte shall fo^eaib place within their district cause duplicates of the assessments to be made out and delivered to, the collectors, together with the warrants for collecting the same.

Provisions of 9. In order to ensure the collection in due time of .any duties ,of ArtsToa^i bicojne tax which may he granted for the year.commench^g pn thd to° duties to be sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eightyrfive, all granted for suth provisions contained in any Act relating to the duties of income

succeeding as are mljfonqe on the fifth day of April one thousand. eight

hundred and eighty-five, shall have full force and .effect with respgpt to the,duties of income- tax which may be .so granted in dhe eanae Planner as if the said duties'had :beep actually granted and the said provisions had been: applied thereto by an Act of ^Parliament passed .on that day,.

1884. Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act (1877) Ch. 26-28.. Arriendment Act, 1884.

47

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act, 1877. [14th July 1884.]

WHEREAS in certain parts of England the taking of small edible crabs for bait for fishing is injurious to the interests of the fishermen and to the supply of edible crabs:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by. and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Board of Trade, after such local inquiry, if any, as they Board of think expedient, may, if they think fit, by order direct that the Trade may proviso in the last paragraph of the eighth section of the Act forty ma e orders and forty-one Victoria, chapter forty-two, which permits edible crabs in Certain conditions or under a certain size to* be taken by or to be1 in the possession of any person, if the said crabs were intended for' bait for fishing,shall not apply wdthin the area named in such order.:

2.' This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Fisheries Short title. (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act (1877) Amendment Act, 1884;

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to farther amend the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

[14th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual .and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The powers conferred-by Part HI. .of the Sea Fisheries Act, Extension of 1868,. upon the Board of. Trade to make orders with regard to Tart m. of oysters and mussels may be' exercised by the Board of Trade with 31 & 38 vict* regard tp cockles, in .the same manner as if the expression "cockles * had been used in Part III. of that Act in addition to the expressions " oysters * and " mussels.* *

2. This Act may be cited as the Sea. Fisheries Act,. J,884., ' ' Short title.

C. 45. to cockled.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 18$L n [14th July 1884.]

WHEREAS divers presentments have Been passed by the grand juries of several counties in Ireland approving of the making of certain light rail ways and tramways, and guaranteeing dividends upon the paid-up capital necessary for the said undertakings, as defined by the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883:

46 & 47 Vict. c. 43.

48 Ch.28,29. Tmmways&PublicCom/panies(I.)Armendt. A c£. 47&4 8Vioj(

And whereas it appears from the schedules of applications, resolutions, and other records of the said grand juries what were the maximum sums upon which such dividends were intended to have been guaranteed, but such amounts have been by mistake omitted from several of such presentments, which by reason of such omission have been held to be invalid:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament-assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Power to 1. It shall be lawful for the several grand juries assembled at the

amend pre- summer assizes one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four to sentment. amend the presentments so passed in respect of and approving of the making of the several light railways and tramways respectively specified in the Schedule hereto by stating in such presentments respectively the respective amounts for which the same respectively were passed, and such presentments when amended shall be deemed to be presentments validly'' passed; and all proceedings before the Lord Lieutenant in Council or otherwise may be taken and carried on for the purpose of confirming the same and making Orders/in Council founded thereon as if the same had originally been valid presentments.

notice of 2. Notice of the intention to apply to any grand jury under this!

application. Act shall be given by inserting at least one advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the county to which such application shall relate, and by posting copies of such advertisement in some public place in every market town in each barony affected by the proposed* guarantee: Provided, however, that such advertisement and posting may be inserted and made either before or after the passing of this] Act.

Short tide. 3. This Act may be cited as the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland)' Amendment Act, 1884

SCHEDULE.

1. A tramway and light railway from Ski&bereen to Ballydehob and SchulL

2. A tramway and light railway from Ballinascorthy to Timoleague.

3. A tramway and light railway from '.Middleton to Ballinacarra and Cloyne.

4. A tramway and light railway from Cork to Blarney and Couchford.

5. A tramway and light railway from Mitchelstown to Fevmoy.

6. A tramway-and light railway from Athy (county Kildare) to Crettyard

Bridge (Queen's County).

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to extend Section forty-one of the Licensing Act, 1872. [28th duly 188^.]

Uf WHEREAS by the forty-first section of the Licensing Act, 1872, " it is provided that magistrates or justices in petty session may, if the application is for the grant of a license, receive a copy of

49

1884. IAcenswg (Evidence)'Act, 1884. Ch. 29,30.

the license if the same has been wilfully withheld by the holder thereof, and it is expedient to extend the said section:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Section forty-one of the Licensing Act, 1872, shall be con- Extension of strued as if after the words " application is for the grant of a license" there were inserted the words "or for the transfer of a license."

Provided that the magistrates or justices shall be satisfied by evidence submitted to them that the license is withheld without any legal fight to withhold the same.

2. This Act may be cited as the Licensing (Evidence) Act, 1884. Short title.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to simplify the passing of Instruments under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom. [28th July 1884.j

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by. the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Great Seal Act, 1884. Short title.

2. — (1.) A warrant under Her Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, Authority for countersigned by the Lord Chancellor, or by One of Her Majesty's passing in-PrincipaP Secretaries of State, of- by the Lord High Treasurer, or ^mment under two of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be a e ' necessary and sufficient authority for passing any instrument under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, according to the tenor of such warrant; Provided that any instrument which may bow be passed under the Great Seal by the fiat or under the authority or directions of the Lord Chancellor or otherwise without passing through any other office may continue to be passed as heretofore,

(2.) The Lord Chancellor may from time to time make, and when made revoke and vary, regulations respecting the passing -of instruments under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, and respecting the warrants for that purpose, and the preparation 'of such instruments and warrants, and every such warrant shall be prepared by the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery;

(3.) No person shall make or prepare any warrant for passing any instrument under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, or procure any instrument td‘ be passed under that Seal otherwise than in manner provided-by this Act or the Crown Office Act, 40 & 41 Vict. 1877; and any person who acts in contravention of this section c-41-shall be guilty of a misdemeanof.

3. It shall not be, necessary that any instrument shall after, the documents0 passing of this Act be passed under the Privy Seal. . . under Privy |

SgL r Seal.

50

Or eat Seal Act, 1884.

47 & 48 VIca,

Ch. 30, 31.

Definitions.

Repeal.

SCHEDULE. Acts repealed.

. Session and Chapter. Title. . . .Extent of RepeaL-

27 Hen. 8. c. 11. - An Act concerning clerks of the . Signet'and Privy Seal. The whole AcWf

14 & 15 Vict., c. 82. An Act to simplify the forms of appointments to certain offices and the manner of passing grants under the Great Seal. The. whole- Act- j

43 & 44 Vict. c. 10. - The Great Seal Act, 1880 Section 3.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to make further provision respecting the. removal of Prisoners and Criminal Lunatics from Her Majesty's possessions out of the United Kingdom.

[28th July 1884.]

HERE AS it' is expedient-; to/ provide for: the removal of prisoners undergoing sentence, , and, of criminal lunatics, frori one British , possession to. anotfeer^ .British possession or,. tof 1 th» United Kingdom: ,

therefore, onapted by Queen's piost,E^coLlept Majesty, by and with the advice and. consent ,of/jhe Lords.Spiritual and Temporal, and, Copimons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary

1. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Prisoners Removal Act 1884.

4. In this Act —

The expression " Lord Chancellormeans the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and, if there is a Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, this Act shall apply as if such Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners were substituted for the Lord Chancellor,had a warrant may be countersigned by any two of such Lords Commissioners.

The expression | instrument " in this Act includes any letter patent, letters close, writ, commission, and grant, and any document requiring to be passed under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom.

5. The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed.

Provided that such repeal shall not affect anything done or suffered before the passing of this Act.

Short title.

im

Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884.

Ch. 31.

51

Prisoners Removal,

2. Where as regards a prisoner undergoing sentence of im- R^ners from prisonment in any British possession for any offence it appears to

the removing authority herein-after mentioned either — sionsin certain

r (q.) that it is likely that the life of the prisoner will be en- cases-dangered or his health permanently injured by further imprisonment in such British possession; or,

I Jb.) that the prisoner belonged, at the time of - committing the said offence, to the Royal Navy or to Her Majesty's regular military forces; or,

(c.) that the offence was committed wholly or; partly beyond the limits of the said British possession; or,

(cl.) that by reason of there being no prison in the said British possession in which the prisoner can properly undergo his sentence or, otherwise the removal of the prisoner is expedient for his safer custody or for more efficiently carrying his sentence into effect; or,

(e.) that the prisoner belongs to a class of persons who under the law of the said British possession are subject to removal under; this Act;

in any such case the removing authority may, subject nevertheless to the regulations in force under this Act, order such prisoner to be: removed to any British possession or to the United Kingdom to undergo his sentence or the residue thereof.

3. — (1.) Where a prisoner has' been-'femoved in pursuance of thisReturn of Act, a Secretary of State or the Government of a British possession

fo. which the- prisoner" has been so removed, may order the prisoner, for the purpose of undergoing the residue > Of his Sentence* to be returned to the: British possession from which he wasremoved. v'i(2.) If a Secretary of State or the Government of a British possession to which a prisoner is removed under this Act, requires the prisoner to be returned for discharge to the British possession from which he was removed, the prisoner shall, in accordance with the regulations under "this Act,‘be returned to the said British possession for the purpose of being there- discharged at the expiration of his sentenced : In; 'any>other case a prisoner when discharged at the expiration of his sentence shall be entitled to be sent free of cost to the British possession from which he was removed;

Provided that where a ,-prisoner at the date of his sentence belonged to the Royal:Navy or, to- s Her Majesty's regular military forces, nothing in this section i shall .require such prisoner to be returned to the British possession from-which he was removed, or entitle him to be sent there free of cost.,

, .4. — (1.) Itj shall' be lawful for Her Majesty i-n Gouncalfrom time Regulations a& to,-time tp And wb^nmadie,(^eveke andwaiy -regulations as to to femovaI-

thje, repgfovaL return, and discharge of prisoners under this Act.

regulations may;providefor varying the .conditions jOf , a sentence of imprisonment passed in a British . possession^ where they differ from the conditions of a sentence of imprisonment in the part ofj Her Majesty's dominions to which the prisoner.- is removed, with a-view to .-hanging them into conformity with the latter conditions^ hut the prisoner shall, not by reason of such variation undergo an

m

imprisonment of any longer duration; and where the latter conditions I appear to a Secretary of State to he more severe than the former I conditions, the Secretary of State may remit a portion of the ! imprisonment, so that the punishment undergone by the prisoner I shall not in the opinion of the Secretary of State be more severe I than the punishment to which the prisoner was originally sentenced, I and the sentence of imprisonment shall, so long as the prisoner I remains in the part of Her Majesty's dominions to which he is j removed, be carried into effect as if the conditions thereof as so varied were the'conditions of the original sentence.

(3.) The regulations may also provide for the forms to be used under this Act and generally for the execution of this Act.

(4.) All regulations made under this section shall be duly observed, "I by all persons, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliamehj* as soon as may*be after they are made.

Eemoving 5. The removing authority for the purposes of this Act shall be i authority. a Secretary of State acting with the concurrence of the GovermnenjB of every British possession concerned.

Evidence of 6. — (1.) The concurrence of the Government Of a British pos- I ment^ofVeTn" sessi°n> and any requisition by the Government of a British pos-ji British pos- session, may be given or made by the Governor ill Council or suck I

session or other authority as may, be from time to time .provided by the law !

Itete^17 of ^hat possession, but shall be signified by writing under the- [ hand of the Governor or of the Colonial Secretary or of any othejy officer appointed in this behalf by the law of that possession.

(2.) Any writing purporting to give such concurrence or make | such requisition, and to be signed by the Governor or Colonial I Secretary , or other officer for the time being, shall be conclusiv® evidence that the concurrence of or requisition by the Government;] of the British possession has been duly given or made according to law; and any writing purporting to be under the hancff&f a j Secretary of State, and to order the removal* of a prisoner from? I a British possession, shall be conclusive evidence that such ord^j has been duly given by the Secretary of. State, and every such writing as above in this section mentioned shall be admissible in evidence in any court in Her Majesty's dominions without furtheii proof.

Warrant for 7. — (1.) Where the removal of a prisoner from a British possession

removal of is ordered in pursuance of this Act, a Secretary of State or the

prisoner. Governor of the British possession may by warrant under his hand

direfat the prisoner to be removed to the part of Her Majesty's dominions mentioned in the said order, and for that purpose to be delivered into the custody of the persons named or described in the warrant or some one or more of them, and to be held in custody and conveyed by sea or otherwise to the said part of Her Majesty'? dominions, there to undergo his sentence, or the residue thereof until returned in pursuance of this Act or discharged, and such warrant shall be forthwith executed according to the tenor thereof ' (2.) Where a prisoner is to be returned to a British possession, a Secretary of State or the Governor of the possession in which he has heen undergoing his sentence, shall issue a like warrant, which shall be duly executed according to the tenor thereof.

Ch. 31.

53

(3.) Every warrant purporting to be issued in pursuance of this Act, and to be under the hand of a Secretary of State or Governor of a British possession, shall be received in evidence in every court of justice in Her Majesty's dominions without further proof, and shall be evidence of the facts therein stated, and all acts done in pursuance of such warrant shall be deemed to have been autho.-rised by law.

8. — (1.) Every prisoner removed in pursuance of this Act shall, Dealing with until he is returned in pursuance of this Act, be dealt with in the

part of Her Majesty's dominions to which he is removed, in like F manner as if his sentence (with such variation, if any, of the conditions thereof as may have been duly made in pursuance of regulations under this Act) had been duly awarded in that part, and shall be subject accordingly to all laws and regulations in force in that part, with the following qualifications, that his conviction judgment and sentence may be questioned in the part of Her Majesty's dominions from which he has been removed in the same manner as if he had not been removed, and that his sentence may be remitted and his discharge ordered in the same manner and by the same authority as if he had not been removed.

(2.) The officer in charge of any prison, on request by any person having the custody of a prisoner under a warrant issued in pursuance of this Act, and on payment or tender of a reasonable amount for expenses, shall receive such prisoner and detain him for such reasonable time as may be requested by the said person for the purpose of the proper execution of the warrant.

9. — (1.) If a prisoner while in custody in pursuance of this Act, Escape of

or under a warrant issued in pursuance of this Act escapes, by prisoner fronu. breach of prison or otherwise, out of custody, he may be retaken in CUBtodr-the same manner as a person convicted of a crime against the law of the place to which he escapes may be retaken upon an escape.

(2.) A person guilty of the offence of so escaping or of attempting so to escape, or of aiding or attempting to aid any such prisoner so> to escape, maybe tried in any of the following part of Her Majesty's dominions, namely, the part to which and the part from which the-prisoner is being removed or returned, and the part in which the prisoner escapes, and the part in which the offender is found, and such offence shall be deemed to be an offence against the law of the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which he may be so tried, and for all purposes of and incidental to the apprehension, trial, and punishment of the person accused of such offence, and of and incidental to any proceeding and matters preliminary, incidental to or consequential thereon, and of and incidental to the jurisdiction' of any court constable or officer with reference to such offence, and to the person accused thereof; tuch offence shall be deemed to have been committed in, the said part, and such person may be punished in accordance with the Courts (Colonial) Jurisdiction Act, 1874. 37 & 38 Vict_

c. 87.

Criminal Lunatics.

10. — (1.) The provisions of this Act shall apply to a person in Application-custody as a criminal lunatic in like manner, so far as consistent moved with the tenor thereof, as they apply to a prisoner undergoing criminal lunatics.

l

Os. 81. Colonial Prisoners ReTnoval Act, 1884*. 47 & 48 Vicfc

sentence of imprisonment; and separate regulations may be made by Her Majesty in Council under this Act in relation to criminal lunatics and (subject to those regulations) all laws and regulations* in force in the part of Her Majesty's dominions in which a criminal lunatic removed or returned is for the time being in custody under a warrant issued in pursuance of this Act, shall apply to such criminal lunatic as if he had become a criminal lunatic in that part.

-(2.)Where a person, who is a criminal lunatic by reason of being-unfit to be tried for an offence, is removed in pursuance of this Act, and a Secretary of State or the Government of the British possession to or from which such person was removed considers that such' person has become sufficiently sane to be tried for the said offence,1 and requires him to be returned for trial to the British possession from which he was removed, he shall, in accordance with the regulations under this Act be returned as a prisoner to-- the said British possession for the purpose of being there tried for the said offence* and shall be removed thither in custody in like manner as if he had been arrested under a warrant on a charge for the said offence. r

Cost of removal.

Power of legislature of British possession to pass laws for carrying Act into effect.

Power as to : making and revocation of Orders in Council.

Misc&laneous.

U. — r(I.) The cost of the removal of any prisoner or criminal | lunatic under this. Act and of his maintenance while in confinement! 1 and of his return, and of his being sent after discharge, to any places <3 shall be paid in such manner as may be arranged between thqj Governments of the British possessions concerned and the Secretary S of State, subject, as regards any cost to be paid out of moneys, pro-? .a vided by Parliament, to the consent ,of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

(2.) Nothing in this: Act shall affect any polwei:./toi recove®uAB®l expenses of removing or returning any prisoner or. criminal lunatic | from the property of such prisoner or criminal lunatic or otherwise^*

12. If the legislature of a British possession paiss any law — % g (a*), for determining the authority by whom and .the manner which any jurisdiction, power, or concurrence under this Act is t; to be exercised or given; dr

JJb,) for payment of the costs incurred in ,the * removal,; maintem?; - ( ance, return, or sending :back after discharge of. a:prisoner or , (criminal lunatic; or

(a.) for dealing in such possession with prisoners, dr criminal lunaf i . tied, removed thereto in pursuance of this Act; :qr.:

H (d.) for making any class of prisoners ! subject to removal under ha this Act i or |

k * .(a) i otherwise in any manner for the carrying of this. Act[ or any part thereof into effect as regards the said possession, a it shall bq lawful for Her Majestyin^ Council to direct that sucfrlaw or any part thereof shall with or without modification or alteration be recognised and given effect to tiiroughoutHer Majesty's dominions and on the high seas as if it were part of this. Act.

13. — (1.) It^ shall be lawful for Her Majesty! ifi‘ CJohncil Irom time to -time to make Orders for the1 purposes of this Act,: and td revokd and vary any Order so made, and'evdry1 Order sd- madd

55

1884. Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884. Ch. 81.

sh&llwhile it is in: force have the same effect as if it were enacted in this Act.

(2.) An Order in Council made for the purposes of this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made if Parliament is then in session, or, if not, as soon as may be after the| cbthmencement of the then next session of Parliament. Application of

14. This Act shall extend to the Channel Islands and Isle of Man Act to Channel

as if they1 were part of England and the United Eingdoin. 1 SiTo^Man

15. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council'from time to Application of time to direct that this Act shall apply, as 'if, subject to the con- Act to place ditions, exceptions, and qualifications (if any) contained in the

Order, any place out of Her Majesty's dominions in which Her K. lon Majesty has jurisdiction, and which is named in the Order, Were a See 41 & 42 British possession and part of Her Majesty's dominions,- and to Vict*c*67-provide for carrying into effect such application 16i'L"i'l.) Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of the Savings. Army Act, 1881. Hgf \,:,v:u&4SViet.

(2.) This Act shall not affect any agreement made either before or after the passing of this Act under the Colonial Prisoners Removal 32 & 33 Vict. Act, 1869, nor any provisions contained in the Act of the session of c-10-the fourteenth and fifteenth years. of the. reign of Her present Majesty,. chapter eighty-one, intituled g" An Act to authorise the " reinoval from India of insane, persons charged with offences, and give better effect to. inquisitions of lunacy taken in India.",

17. This Act shall apply to a prisoner who has been convicted, Application of anfftoj-a criminal lunaticWho has b'e6oine' a criminal lunatic, before

the passing'of this Act, in like manner as if he had been convicted criminal luna-andibecome a criminal lunatic after the commencement of this Act. tics-

18. In' this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the follow- Definitions, ing expressions have the following meanings; that is to say,

i.L. The expression " British possession " does not include any place within the'United Kingdom, the Isle of Man, or the Channel Islands, but includes all other territories and places being part of Her Majesty's dominions, and all territories and places within Her Majesty's dominions which are not part of India and are under one legislature shall be deemed to be one British possession, and any part of India under a Governor or Lieutenant Governor-shall be deCmed to be one British possession.

The expression " India " means all territories and plaees within Her Majesty's dominions which are subject to the Governor General of India in Council.

>Thei expression " legislature,", where there are local legislatures, as Well as a central legislature, means the central, legislature only, and in every part of India means the Governor. General in Council.

. i The expression " Secretary of State " means one of Her Majesty's Btincipal- Secretaries of State.

--The expression " Governor;'.'.means any personor persona adminis- tering Ithe government of, A British possession, and includes: the Governor. General of India and also the Governor and Lieutenant Governor of any part of India; .

m.- Theiexpression ‘/GolomaliSecretary " includes a person performr ing.- the like duties as a Colonial Secretary, whether known as

56 Ch. 31, 32. Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict,

Government Secretary, Chief Secretary to the Government, or by any other title.

The expression " prison" includes any place for the confinement or detention of prisoners whether convicted or unconvicted.

The expression " sentence of imprisonment 8 means any sentence involving confinement in a prison, whether combined or not with labour, and whether known as penal servitude, imprisonment with hard labour, rigorous imprisonment, imprisonment, or otherwise, and includes a sentence awarded by way of commutation as well as an original sentence passed by the court.

The expression " criminal lunatic " means a person detained in custody by reason of his having been charged with an offence, and either found to have been insane at the time of such offence, or found or certified or otherwise lawfully proved to be unfit on the ground of his insanity to be tried for the same, and includes a person, convicted of an offence and afterwards certified or otherwise lawfully proved to be insane.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act for transferring the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea from the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Porests, and Land Revenues to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

[28th July 1884.]

WHEREAS the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea and the lands and buildings connected therewith and described, in the Schedule to this Act are now under the management of the^Coni-' missioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Regimes (herein-after termed the Commissioners of Woods), anchit is expedient that the same be vested in and placed under the manage? ment of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings (herein-after termed the Commissioners of Works):

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent^ of . the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Royal Military Asylum Chelsea (Transfer) Act, 1884.

2. From and after the passing of this Act the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, with the lands and buildings thereon described in the Schedule to this Act* shall by .virtue of this Act be vested, free and discharged from the leasehold interest in any part there'of of any one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in the Commissioners of Works and their successors as incorporated by the 37^&88 Vict. "Works and Public Buildings Act, 1874, for the estate or interest and purposes, and upon ‘ the trusts, and subject to the leases (save as aforesaid) rights of way and other rights (if any), .for upon and subject to which the said Asylum and premises or any of them were respectively vested in the Crown or any person or persons oh

57

1884. RoyalMilitary Asylum ChdseaiTramfer) Act, 1884. Ch.32 33.

behalf of the Crown immediately before the passing of 'this Act; and the Commissioners of Works shall have the management of the said Asylum and premises, and shall in relation thereto exercise and perform all powers and duties and be subject to all liabilities which would have been exercised and performed by the Commissioners of Woods, or any other person or persons on behalf of the Crown, or to which the Commissioners of Woods, or any other person or persons on behalf of the Crown, would have been subject if this Act had not passed.

3. Saving always to all persons, bodies politic or corporate, and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns (other than Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, her Secretaries of State, and the Commissioners of Woods and the Commissioners of Works), all such estates, rights, titles, claims, and demands whatsoever as they respectively have at the passing of this Act or might or could have had if tins Act had not passed.

SCHEDULE.

All those several pieces or parcels of land with the buildings thereon, situated in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea, containing together about ten acres, and coloured pink on a plan which has been signed by the Honourable Charles Alexander Gore, a Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and The Right Honourable George Shaw^ Lefevre, First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and which is deposited in the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to make provision for the foundation of a Dean and Chapter for the Bishopric of Newcastle, and for the transfer to the Cathedral Church of Newcastle of one of the canonries in the Cathedral Church of Durham, and for the transfer of certain ecclesiastical patronage to the Bishopric and Chapter of Newcastle, and for other purposes connected therewith. £28th July 1884.]

WHEREAS a bishopric of Newcastle has been founded in pursuance of the Bishoprics Act, 1878, and under that Act the 4: endowment of the bishopric of Newcastle is to be held by the c-Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England (in this Act referred to as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners) upon trust to provide the income therein mentioned and a residence for the Bishop of Newcastle, and subject thereto to make good to the bishopric of Durham the portion of the endowment or income of that bishopric transferred in pursuance of the said Act to the bishopric of Newcastle, and subject as aforesaid, upon trust for the foundation of a dean and chapter for the bishopric in such manner as may be from time to time provided by Order in Council:

And whereas in pursuance of the said Act an Order in. Council was made on the eighteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, confirming a scheme of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and by such Order, among . other matters, the

General

saving.

. & 42 Vict. 68.

58

Ch. 33.

Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict

Archdeacon of Northumberland was constituted an officer of the diocese of Newcastle, and subject to the episcopal jurisdictionrof the Bishop of Newcastle and not of the Bishop of Durham, and the archidiaconal dignity of such Archdeacon was transferred from the, cathedral church of Durham to the cathedral church of Newcastle, and the endowment belonging to such archdeaconry was directed to continue to belong to the same, notwithstanding the transfer of the archdeaconry from the diocese of Durham to the diocese of Newcastle:

. And whereas before the passing of the Bishoprics Act, 1878; a canonry in the cathedral church of Durham had been annexed and united to the archdeaconry of Northumberland, and it is expedient! to provide for; the transfer of the endowment of such canonry to the cathedral church of Newcastle:

And whereas the Bishop of Durham assents to the said transfers, and it is expedient to make provision with respect thereto:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884.

Transfer of 2. When the canonry in the cathedral church of Durham which canonry in at the passing of this Act is' annexed to the archdeaconry of Northumberland first becomes vacant after the passing of this Act, Newcastle. then as from the date of the vacancy, the canonry so vacant shall be suspended, and the endowment thereof with the exception of the house attached thereto shall be transferred to the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Newcastle, if then founded, and if not, to the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund, and subject to the provision in favour of the person who holds the archdeaconry at the passing of this Act, there shall be paid to the Archdeacon of Northumberland for the time being, out of the income of the endowment so transferred, such annual sum as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners from' time to time fix.

Establishment of chapter of Newcastle.

Statutes for the chapter.

3. if,3 Whenever the Ecclesiastical Commissioners certify to

Her Majesty under their common seal that the net income of the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund, will provide^uch minimum income as herein-after mentioned for a dean and not les&than four residentiary canons, Her Majesty by Order in Council may found a.dean and chapter of Newcastle, and. constitute them a body corporate, with all the rights and powers of other cathedral .chapters in England, or with such of them as to Her Majesty may seem.-fife and may subject them to the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Newcastle as. .visitor. u

< (2.) The dean and chapter 'of Newcastle, and the. endowment thereof, shall be deemed for- all purposes to be subject to the same laws as the dean and chapter of any other bishopric in England, and the endowment thereof; and the deanery shall be'in the (Erect patronage of Her Majesty^ and every canonry shall be in- the patronage of the Bishop of Newcastle for the time being.

4. It shall be lawful-for Her Majesty from time to\ tirhe,' by Order in Council, to make, and when made alter and revoke,

1884. NewcdMe Chapter Act, 1884 Ch. 38. 59

statutes for the order, rule, and governance of the dean and chapter of Newcastle, and the members, officers, and endowment thereof

5. For the purposes of this Act the minimum income shall be a incojae of net annual income for a dean of one thousand pounds, and for a

canon of three hundred pounds, exclusive in both cases of the Newcastle, value of any residence.

6. (1.) Whenever from time to time before the foundation of a Provision for dean and chapter of Newcastle the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

certify to Her Majesty under their common seal that the net income Newcastle of the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund will provide such before founda-minimum income as is mentioned in this Act for any canon or chapter, canons, Her Majesty by Order in Council may establish a residentiary canonry or residentiary canonries in the cathedral church of Newcastle, and assign thereto an income not being less than the minimum income, and by the same or* any other Order in Council may from time to time define the duties which an incumbent of any such canonry is to perform in the said cathedral church and in the administration of the diocese of Newcastle.

" (2.) Whenever the Ecclesiastical Commissioners certify to Her Majesty, under their common seal, that the endowment of a canonry of Durham has been transferred to the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund, in pursuance of this Act, there may be established by Her Majesty, by Order in Council, in the cathedral church of Newcastle, in pursuance of this section, a residentiary canonry annexed to the archdeaconry of Northumberland, but the duties which the incumbent of such canonry is to perform, shall be such as, in the opinion of Her Majesty in Council, will not interfere with | the performance of his duties as Archdeacon of Northumberland.

IIPPP Every canonry established in pursuance of this section shall be in the patronage of the Bishop of Newcastle for the time being, and j the incumbent of every such canonry shall hold his office by the same tenure as the incumbent of any other canonry in England, and, subject to any exceptions contained in any such Order. in Council, the law relating to other canonries in England shall, so far as may be consistently with the tenour thereof and with the circumstances of the case, apply to a canonry so- established, and to the incumbent thereof.

1 7. '(!) The Newcastle: Chapter Endowment Fund shall; be held Trusts of upon trust to pay the annual sum charged thereon by this Act to Newcastle the Archdeacon of Northumberland, and subject thereto upon trust dowment Q~ for - the foundation of a dean and chapter of Newcastle. There Fund, shall be: carried to that fund such portion, if any,- of the Newcastle Bishopric Endowment Fund as is applicable for the said trust.

j(2.) The annual income5 arising from the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund shall, until the dean and chapter is founded in pursuance of this Act, he applied in paying the -Archdeacon of Northumberland and the incumbent of any canonry established in pursuance, of- this Act, and, subject to that payment, shall be invested and accumulated, as part of the fund.

(3.) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have the same power with" respect to sale, investment, management, leasing, or other, dealing in the case of the fumbasthey have in the case of the Newcastle Bishopric Endowment Fund.

Ch, 33. Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Victj

Scheme of 8. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may from time to time submit Ecclesiastical for approval of Her Majesty in Council a scheme or scheme^ Sprovedhy618 for all or any of the following matters; namely,

Order in (1.) For the transfer to the dean and chapter of Newcastle, or to

Council for the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund, of the endowment q|

efertthe^ct. the canonry of Durham, directed by this Act to be so trans7

ferred;

(2.) For transferring to the dean and chapter of Newcastle, when founded, the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund; and (3.) For making such provisions and arrangements as maybe necessary for carrying into complete effect the said transfers and the foundation of the dean and chapter of Newcastle and. the payment of the Archdeacon of Northumberland and the establishment of any canonry or canonries in the cathedral church of Newcastle, and this Act and any Order in Council made thereunder, and all matters incidental to anything before in this section mentioned.

Validity and 9. (1.) An Order in Council made in pursuance of this Act shall publication of have effect as if it were enacted in this Act.

Council? (2.) An Order in Council made in pursuance of this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, and laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith after it is made, if Parliament be then in session, or if not, within one month after the commencement of the then next session of Parliament.

I

(3.) A scheme made in pursuance of this Act shall be of no effect until it has been approved by Order in Council.

Common fund 10. Nothing in this Act shall authorise the Ecclesiastical Cornoi of Commis- missioners to apply any portion of their common fund towards the apptiavble to endowment of the dean and chapter of Newcastle, or of any canonry endowment, in the cathedral church of Newcastle, save in so far as relates to the endowment of the canonry of Durham directed by this Act to*be. transferred.

Payment out 11. (1.) Where either before or after the passing of this Act a ®f estate of person having promised a contribution to the Newcastle Bishopric* sonof sab?1" Endowment Fund, or to the Newcastle Chapter Endowment Fund? scriptions has died before payment of the whole or some part of the contri-Mmforeny bution so promised, the person administering the estate of such dowmentfund, deceased person may, by leave of the High, Court of Justice, pay* out of such estate the whole or any part of the contribution promised, or of the portion unpaid as aforesaid, and the Court may give such permission if, after such inquiry and with such consents (if any) as to the Court seems proper, it seems to the Court under all the circumstances of the case reasonable to authorise such payment, and the Court may make such order as to the_ costs of the application and give such directions' respecting the payment of the cpntribution as to the Court seems proper,

(2.) Subject to rules of- court, an application for the purpose of this section may be, made to a judge of the Chancery Division in chambers in a summary manner, and may be made although there is no action for the administration of the said estate.

Tr""ferof, 12. The patronage of any , benefices in the diocese of Newcastle beneflceTin belonging to the bishopric of Carlisle, the bishopric of Chester, the

diocese of bishopric of Manchester, or the vicarage of Newcastle may, with the

Newcastle. ' J -

61

\ Newcastle Chapter Act, 1884. OS. 33.

approval of the Archbishop of York and of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, be transferred by deed executed by the bishop of the bishopric, or vicar, for the time being holding the patronage, and registered in the registry of the diocese of Newcastle, and published in the " London Gazette," to the bishopric of Newcastle or to the dean and chapter of Newcastle and their successors; and the patronage of the benefice of By well Saint Peter, in the archdeaconry of Northumberland and diocese of Newcastle, and now in the patronage of the dean and chapter of Durham, shall, on the passing of this Act, vest in the Archdeacon of Northumberland for the time being, and the patronage of the benefice of Saint Mary Le Bow, in the city and diocese of Durham, and now in the patronage of the Archdeacon of Northumberland, shall, on the passing of this Act, vest in the dean and chapter of Durham.

The patronage of the benefices set forth in Schedule A. to this Act, and now vested in the dean and chapter of Durham, shall, immediately on the passing of this Act, vest in and be exercised by the Bishop of Newcastle and his successors.

And the patronage of the benefices set forth in Schedule B. to this Act, and now vested in the dean and chapter of Durham, shall vest in and be exercised by the dean and chapter of Newcastle as soon as they shall be legally constituted a corporate body with power to hold and exercise ecclesiastical patronage.

13. The person who holds the archdeaconry of Northumberland Provision as at the passing of this Act, shall be entitled to continue to reside ^deacon of as- canon of Durham until he is collated or instituted to a benefice Northumber-within the diocese of Newcastle, when he shall at once resign the land, canonry of Durham, and such person may resign the canonry of Durham without resigning the archdeaconry of Northumberland, and the canonry so resigned shall become vacant within the meaning of this Act; and after such resignation, there shall be paid to him, so long as he remains archdeacon of Northumberland, the net income of the endowment of the canonry transferred by this Act. Nothing in any law or statute shall be deemed to prevent the person who is archdeacon of Northumberland at the passing of this Act from being honoraiy canon in the cathedral church of Newcastle.

SCHEDULE A.

Holy Trinity, Berwick-upon-Tweed* Section 12.

Spittal,: '

Scremerston,

Holy Island, and Wallsend.

SCHEDULE K

Whittonstall, Section^.

Cambois,

. Choppington, and Duddo.

62

Ch. 34.

Elections'(Sours of Poll) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vic

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to extend the Hours of Polling at Parliamentary and Municipal Elections in certain Boroughs.

[28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem- I poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by I the authority of the same, as follows:

Hours of 1. (1.) At every parliamentary or ^municipal election to which I

is Act applies the poll (if any) shall commence at Jeight o'clock I more than hi the forenoon and be -kept open until eight o'clock in the after* I three thousand noon of the same day and no longer.

svT&Ts Vict. (2*) A parliamentary election to which this Act applies shall be an c. 125. election of a member or members to* serve in Parliament for any

parliamentary borough within the meaning of this Act which has, [ for the time being, as appears from the number of names entered I in the register of electors for the time being in operation in such I borough, a number of registered electors exceeding three thousand; '

(3.) A municipal election to which this Act applies shall be an j election of a councillor, commissioner of police, auditor, or revising I assessor in any municipal borough within the meaning of this Act I or in any ward thereof, where the whole or part of the area of- such I borough is co-extensive with, or included in the area of a parlia^ I mentary borough with such number of registered electors as above I in this section mentioned.

Definitions. 2. In this Act — *

The expression " parliamentary borough " means any-city , borough, I place, or combination of places (not being a county at large or I di-vision of a county at large, or university or univeratbies) I which returns a member or members to Serve in ParHamentf* and

The expression " municipal borough means, as regards England^ i 45 & 46 Vict a borough subject to the Municipal- Corporations Act,‘1882, arid I

c. 5o. as regards Scotland, means a burgh or town which has a town *9

council or police commissioners, and as regards Ireland means 1 a borough subject to the- Act of tb§ session of the third and J fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and eight, intituled "An Act for the regulation of j " municipal Corporations in Ireland ?;ahid the Acts amending J the same:

The word "councillor" shall, in Ireland, be./taken to include < alderman.

3. This Act may be cited as the Election's (Hours of Poll) Act, 1884. a f falBf

Short title.

1884.1Gowniy of DublinJurors? and Voters' Revision Act,ISM. Ce.35.

63

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to facilitate the Revision of Lists of Jurors and Voters, and the Registration of Voters, in the county of Dublin. [28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the ^Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the. advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and .Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the' authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited'for all purposes as the County of Short title. Dublin Jurors' and Voters' Revision Act, 1884.

2. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other chief Power to governor or governors of Ireland for the time being from' time to time to appoint a barrister-at-law, who shall have actually practised rister. ten years at the least in the Superior Courts in Dublin, and who shall not at the. time of his appointment have ceased to practise, to discharge all the duties with regard to the registration of parliamentary voters, and the revision of the list of jurors, in the county of Dublin which are capable Of . being discharged by the Recorder of Dublin.

After such appointment has been made, the Recorder shall cease to discharge the duties with reference to' the. registration of voters and the revision of the lists of jurors, heretofore discharged by him.

The person so appointed shall have, with respect to such registration and revision, the same powers, duties, rights, and privileges as the said Recorder.

The prdvisions of the several Acts which regulate the registration of parliamentary voters in counties in Ireland, and the revision of the lists of jurors, shall apply to the duties with reference to such registration and revision from time to time performed by the person so appointed, as fully as such provisions would have applied if those duties had been performed by, the said Recorder.

The person sd appointed shall be' styled " revising barrister for the cdtinty of Dublin," and shall hold office' during good behavidiir, and shall be paid out of moneys to be provided by Parliament such annual salary, as the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland with the consent of the Commissioners ' Of Her Majesty's Treasury may appoint.

3. In case the Lord Chancellor-or. Keeper or Commissioners of the Provision for Great Seal of Ireland for the time being are satisfied that the absence of revising barrister for the1 county of Dublin is unable from unavoid- bar*

able absence or illness to discharge, his duties as such revising barrister, it lawM'irarEhe' Lcfcor. Chancellor or Keeper or

Commissioners to appoint some other barrister, qualified as by this Act i&' provided Si j the case of the revising barrister for the county of Dubhii, to:do the duty of the revising barrister for the county bf Dublin for such time as such absence or illness shall continue.

Every person so appointed shall be paid such sum as the said Lord Chancellor or Keeper or Commissioners shall appoint, which shall be deducted from the salary of the said revising barrister.

64

Ch.35-37. County ofDublinJurors and Voters',<Ssc. Act. 47 & 48Yicrk

Deduction 4. When first after the passing of this Act a vacancy occurs in from salary of the office of Recorder of Dublin, there shall be deducted from the SSJders, salary of the person appointed to be Recorder, and of his successors in that office, an annual sum of one hundred pounds.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877, in certain particulars. [28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. L This Act may be cited as the Prisons (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884.

Expense of 2. From and after the passing of this Act the expenses incurred bedewed*out * respec^ a prisoner for food, clothing, custody, safe-conduct,

of moneys pro- removal from one place of confinement to another or otherwise* vided by Par- from the period when the order for his committal to prison is made

hament. until his death or discharge from prison, shall be defrayed out of

moneys provided by Parliament, with this proviso, that nothing in tins Act shall exempt a prisoner from payment of any costs or expenses in respect of his conveyance to prison or otherwise which he would have been liable to pay if this Act had not been passed. ,> Joint visiting 3. Where any prison is not exclusively used for the confinement committees for of prisoners belonging to any one county, — - ' fo^nore864 A j°hft visiting committee may, notwithstanding anything con-, counties un»n tained in section twenty-four of the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, one. 1877, be appointed for such prison, if the Lord Lieutenant so

c°49 41 Vict orders ;

A joint visiting committee shall consist of so many justices as

the Lord Lieutenant shall prescribe, who shall be appointed by

such grand juries, and in such proportions, as the Lord Lieutenant, having regard,to the locality and use of the prison, and the class of prisoners confined therein, may from time to time order.

Interpretation. 4. Expressions used in this Act shall respectively have the same meaning in this Act as they are declared to have in the General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Public Libraries Acts.

[28th July 1884.)

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Power of L Whereas doubts have arisen as to whether authorities acting

under the Public Libraries Acts have power to fulfil the conditions

1884.

\ Public Libraries Act, 1884. Ch. 37. 65

required for a parliamentary grant in aid of the establishment of parliamentary a school of science and art, and it is expedient to remove such g11*-doubts: It is therefore hereby declared and enacted that, —

Where any authority acting under the Public Libraries Acts accepts a grant out of moneys provided by Parliament from any > Committee of the Privy Council on Education towards the purchase of the site, or the erection, enlargement, or repair, of any school for science and art, or school for science, or school for art, or of the residence of any teacher in such school, or towards the furnishing of any such school, such authority shall have power to accept such grant upon the conditions prescribed for the acceptance thereof by the said Committee, and to execute such instruments as may be required by the said Committee for carrying into effect such conditions, and upon payment of the grant shall, together with their successors, be bound by such conditions and instrument, and have power and be bound to fulfil and observe the same.

2. Whereas section eighteen of the Public Libraries Act, 1855, Explanation of

as regards England, and section nine of the Public Libraries Act *8 * ^ict‘ (Ireland)^! 855, as regards Ireland, provide for the erection of is 19 yi'ct. buildings "suitable for public libraries, or museums, or both, or for c. 70. s. 9. "schools for science or art ":, 1 j 31

And whereas section ten of the Public Libraries Act (Scotland), c. 37. s. 10. 1867, provides for the erection of buildings " suitable for public " libraries, art galleries, or museums, or each respectively," and doubts are entertained as to the meaning of those provisions: Now, therefore-, it is^hereby declared and enacted that —

Buildings may under the said sections be erected for public libraries, public museums, schools for science, art galleries, and schools for art, or for any one or more of those objects.

3. (1.) Where any of the following institutions, namely, a public Power to esta-

museum, a public library, a school for science and art, a school for Wish library, science, a school for art, or an art gallery has been established either (j^for°r before or after the passing of this Act under the Public Libraries science or art Acts, or' any of. them, there may at any time be established in con- in connexion ngxion therewith any other of the said institutions without any of them?

further proceedings being taken under the said Acts.

(8.) Section ten of the Public Libraries Amendment Act (England and Scotland), 1866, and section seventeen of the Public Libraries Act (Scotland), 1867, are hereby repealed, without prejudice to anything done under those sections.

4. In this Act, — * Definitions.

The expression " Public Libraries Acts " means as respects

England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, the Acts mentioned in the first, second, and third parts respectively of the schedule to this Act.

The expression "authority acting under the Public Libraries Acts" means the council, board, magistrates, or commissioners acting in execution of the said Public Libraries Acts.

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Libraries Act, 1884. Short titles.

The Acts mentioned in the first part of the schedule to this Act

may be' cited together with this . Act as the Public Libraries (England) Acts, 1855-tu 1884.

E

gg Ch. 37, 38. Publio Libraries Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vid

The Acts mentioned in the second part of 'the schedule to th Act may he cited together with. this Act. as the Public Libraria (Scotland) Acts, 1867 to 1884 The Acts mentioned in- the third part of the schedule to this Acl . may be cited together with this Act as the Public Libraries (Ireland! Acts, 1855 to 1884

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Public Librariesi England) A efts.

Session and Chapter* [; J. Title.'

- The Public Libraries Ac V 18^5-

- The'Public Libraries Amendment Act (England

and Scotland), 3866.

- The Public Libraries Act, 1865, Amendment A,ct,

3871.

- | The Public Libraries Amendment Act, 1877. '/

18 & 19 Vict. c. 70 29 & 30 Vict. c. 114

34 & 35 Vict. c. 71

40 & 41 Yictlc. 54

Part II.

Public Libraries (Scotland) Acts.

30 & 31 Vict. c.,37 34 & 35 Vict. . a. 59

40 & 41 Vict. c. 54

TheJPublic Libraries Act (Scotland), 3867. ,ir The Public Libraries Act (Scotland), 1867, Amend-.

merit Act'; 1871.

The Public Libraries Amendment Act, 3877;

Part III.

Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts.

18 & 19 Vict. q. Act 4Q & 41 Vict. Gi 16

40 & 41 Vict. c. 54

The Public Libraries Act (Ireland)}, 1865. *

The Public Libraries (Ireland) Amendment Ant ' 1877. V

The Public Libraries Amendment Lot,. 1877so

29 & so Vict. c. 109.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to provide for the regulation tof Her Majesty's j -Indian Marine Service. [28th duly 1884.]

WHEREAS a ijiarine establishment, Called Her-Majesty's Indian Marine ^Service1, is 'employed: under the- direction of' the Governor General of India in-Gouhcil fdr'the transport* of troops, the. guarding of convict settlements, the suppression-of piracy, the. srirvey-of coasts'arid harbours, the visiting of lightHduses, the

relief of distressed or wrecked vessels, and other local objects, and

is maintained out of the ^revenues of India:

And "whereas the members of Her -Majesty's Indian Marine Service are not subject either to the Naval Discipline Act, 1866) ur to the Merchant Shipping Act,-1864, and Aetai amending it, > or (to i any corresponding la~w made, enacted, or in force-under the authority.

1884: ' ‘ Indian Marine Berdce Ad, 1884. Cm 88. 07

oif the Government of Lidia; and it is expedient that the Governor General of India in Council should have power to make laws for the purpose of maintaining discipline in that service:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Indian Marine Service Act, 1884. Short title.

2. The Governor General of India in Council shall have power, Power for subject to the provisions contained in the Indian Councils Act,

11801, as amended by subsequent Acts, at meetings for the purpose council to of naaking laws and regulations, - to make laws for all persons make laws for employed or serving in or belonging t-o Her Majesty's Indian Marine ^J^eManne Service: Provided as follows,

(a.) A law made under this section shall not apply to any offence,

unless the vessel to which the offender belongs is at the time of the commission of the offence within the limits of Indian waters as defined-by this Act:

:(£>.); The punishments imposed,by any such law for offenceslshaJl iibb'e. similar in character to and shall not be in excess Of the viHpunishments which f may at the time of making'the law'jbe ubituppsed, for similar offences under the Acts relating to Her Majesty's jSFavy,. except that in the case of persons others than 1 g Eupppeans or Americans imprisonment for any term not^xceed-11j>-ing(.fourteen years; or transportation for life or any less term, rUayAe substituted for penal servitude. .;

3. /Eo^4h^.purposes of this Act the, expression;^ Indian waters " Definition of ineiudes -thelchigh seas.between the Cape of Good Hope on the westIndian waters, and' the straits of; Magellan on the east; and all territorial Waters between those hmits. '

4. A law made iunder .this Act shall, until the- Governor General Effect and makes inown that he has received a notification of the disallowance; thereof 'by BEer Majesty, or( until the repeal thereof, he, subject to the un(jer Act. provisions of this Act, Sf the same force and effect as an Act of Parliament, and shall be taken notice of by all courts of justice in

the.same manner jas if It Were a Publie Act of Parliament* > I

5. Nothing in this Act shall authorise .the Governor General in Restriction on Council,! without the previous approval of the Secretary of State for or power to India: ih. Council, to make any iljaw whereby, power is given to any

court!other; than the Highs Courts established under the Act of the of death. Session held in the twenty-fourth and ^twenty-fifth.years of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and four "ifor establishing High Courts of? judicature in India;" jto sentence to thejptimishment of death any of.;Her.:Majesty's natUral-hom/^ubjeets bom in JEurope; pr any child' of. any. such: subject.) h

6. In case a state of war exists between Her? Majesty and any Placing of foreign power, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Proclamation or vessels, officers Order in Council to dire^. that any.vyessel belonging to Her £*£ m£L» Majesty's Indian Marine Service and the men and officers from time Service under toltimP 'Serving thereon shall he under the eommamd of the;Serfior

naval officer of the station where for the time beingSuehship may foUme of* beU And'while any such vessel is under such command such vessel war. shall bb deemed to all intents arVessel- of war of the JBoyahNavy,

68

Ch. 38,39. Indian Marine Service Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Yier.

and the men and officers from time to time serving in such vessel shall be under such Naval Discipline Act or Acts as may be in force for the time being and subject to such regulations as may be issued by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State for India in Council.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend the Naval Discipline Act, 1866.

[28th July 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Amendment of -29 & SO Vict. c. 109. s. 56 as to trial of offences by officer in command of a ship.

Amendment of Part III.

1. In section fifty-six of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, the following enactments shall be substituted for the provisions of that section relating to the trial of an offence by a commanding officer repealed by this Act, and shall be sub-sections two and three of that section, and sub-section three shall be numbered four.

(2.) Any offence not capital which is triable under this Act, and (except in the cases by this Act expressly provided for) is not committed by an officer, may, under such regulations as the Admiralty from time to time issue, be summarily tried and punished by the officer in command of the ship to which the offender belongs at the time either of the commission or of the trial of the offence, subject to the restriction that the commanding officer shall not have power to award penal servitude or to award imprisonment fof* more than three months.

(3.) The power by this section vested in an officer commanding a? ship may, — w

(a.) as respects persons on board a tender to the ship, be exercised/ when the tender is absent from the ship, by the officer in corn-mand of the tender; and (b.) as respects persons on board any boat or boats belonging to the ship, be exercised, when such boat or boats is or are absent on detached service, by the officer in command of the boat or

boats; and

(c.) as respects persons subject to this Act on shore on detached service, or such of those persons as are not for the time being made subject to military law by an order under section one 44 & 45 Vict. hundred and seventy-nine of the Army Act, 1881, be exercised

58* by the officer in immediate command on shore of those persons.

Amendment of Part IV.

Amendment of 2. In section fifty-eight of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, the 29 & 30 Vict. following amendments shall be made-

to holding or * (A-) Whereas bjr sub-section three of section fifty-eight of the

constitution of Naval Discipline Act, 1866, it is enacted that a court-martial shall courts-martial.

69

1884. Naval Discipline Act, 1884. @H. 39

not be held unless at least three of Her Majesty's ships, commanded as therein mentioned, are together at the time when such court-martial is held, and it is expedient to reduce the number, therefore Two shall be substituted for three in sub-section three of section fifty-eight.

(B.) There shall be substituted for sub-section seven of section fifty-eight the following sub-section: —

: (7.) No court-martial for the trial of a person below the rank of captain in Her Majesty's navy shall be duly constituted unless the president is a captain or of higher rank, nor, if the person to be tried is of the rank of commander, unless, in addition to the president, two other members of the court are of the rank of commander or of higher rank.

'Amendment of Part V.

3. There shall be substituted for sections seventy and seventy-one Amendment of of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, the following section, which shall ^J®ea0sf^e""" be numbered as section seventyservitude and

Where a person is in pursuance of this Act convicted by a court- imprisonment, martial, and either is sentenced or has his sentence commuted to penal servitude, such conviction and sentence shall be of the same effect as if such person had been convicted by a civil court in the United Kingdom of an offence punishable by penal servitude and sentenced by that court to penal servitude, and all enactments relating to a cOnvict so sentenced shall, so far as circumstances admit, apply accordingly-; and the said convict shall be removed to some prison in which a convict so sentenced by a civil court in the United Kingdom can be confined either permanently or temporarily, and the order of the Admiralty or of the Commander-in-Chief, or of the officer ordering the court-martial by whom such person was convicted, shall be a sufficient warrant for the transfer of the said person to such prison to undergo his. sentence according to law, and until he reaches such prison for his detention in naval custody, or ip any civil prison or place of confinement.

4. There shall be added at the end of section seventy-three of the Amendment o

NavalDiscipline A(^, 1866i the following proviso.: — s. 78 as to

Provided that nothing in this s^ion shall cause a person to undergo imprisonment for any period .exceeding two consecutive imprisonment, years, and So much of any term of imprisonment imposed on a person by a sentence in pursuance of this section as would prolong his imprisonment beyond that period shall be deemed to be remitted.

5. There shall be added to section seventy-four of the Naval Amendment of

Discipline Act, 1866, the following sub-sections as sub-sections two s- to and three thereof: — ; ! 0?"

'.(2.)' Where, by reason'of a ship being at sea or off a place at imprisonment.

which there is no proper, prison, a sentence' of imprisonment cannot

be duly executed, then, subject as herein-after .mentioned, an offender

under sentence of imprisonment may be sent with all reasonable speed to some place at which there is a proper prison in which the sentence can be duly executed, and on arrival there the offender shall undergo his sentence, in like mariner as if the date of such

70

Ch. 89. Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Tier.

arrival were the day on which the sentence was awarded, and that notwithstanding that in the meanwhile he has returned to his duty or become entitled to his discharge; and the term of imprisonment shall he reckoned accordingly, subject however to the deduction of anytime during which he has been kept in confinement in respeetpf the said sentence.

(3.) Where in pursuance of this Act a person is sentenced tfo imprisonment, the order of the Admiralty or of the Commandeb-in-Chief, or of the officer ordering the court-martial by which.such person was sentenced, or, if, he was sentenced by the commanding officer of a ship,! the order of; such commanding officer, shall be a sufficient warrant for, the sending of such person to I the place bf imprisonment, there to undergo his sentence according to law, and until he reaches such place of imprisonment, for his detention in naval custody, or in any civil, prison or place of confinement.

Amendment of 6. There shall be substituted for the portion of section eighty-s-^ythe one of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, which is repealed by this setting apart Act, the following enactment, which shall be. sub-section two ther^-buildings and of: —

jJSons.(2.) The Admiralty shall have the same power and authority 44 & 45 Vict *n I® haval prisons as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secrets. 58. taries of State has in relation to military prisons under section one

hundred and thirty-three of the Army Act, 1881, and that section shall apply as if it were herein re-enacted with the substitution of " the Admiralty " for "a Secretary of State,* and of "naval" for " military," and rules and regulations may he made accordingly by the Admiralty.

..'i . . . Sv/ppleraentaZ.

Construction 7. — (1.) Every enactment and word of. this Act which is expressed

and printing of he substituted for or added to any portion of the Naval Discipline line Ace Act, 1866, shall form part of that Act in the place assigned to it by this Act, and the^Naval Discipline Act, 1866, and all Acts, including f.hi« Act, which refer thereto shall, after the commencement of and subject to the savings contained in this Act, be construed as if the said enactment or word had been originally enacted in the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, in the place so .assigned, and, where it is substituted for another enactment or Word, had been so enacted in lieu of that enactment or word; and the expression "this Act" as used in the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, or this Act, shall be construed accordingly.

29 & 30 Vict. (2.) A copy of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, with every such c. 109. enactment and word inserted in the place so assigned, and with the

omission of the parts, expressly, repealed by tins'. Ac(f Of, by. .the Statute Law Revision Act, 1875, and with the sections and subsections numbered in manner directed, by this Act, shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments, and deposited with the rolls of Parliament; Her Majesty's printers shallprint in accordance with the copy so certified all Copies of the Naval Discipline Act, 1866, which are printed after the ' commencement of this Act.

1884.

Naval Discipline Act, 1884.

Ch. 89.

71

Repeal, GorwfM/ncement, and Short Title.,(

8. -^-(l.) The "Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act areEepeaiof

hereby repealed, as from the commencement of this Act, to the Acts, and extent in the, third column of that schedule mentioned. savings.

(2.) This Act or the repeal enacted by this Act shall not affect anything done or suffered or any right, or liability acquired or incurred before the commencement of this Act, and shall not affect any legal proceeding in reference to any such thing, right, 'or liability, and any such legal proceeding may be instituted,' fcarried on, and completed as if this Act had not passed.

, (3.) In the case of any offence committed before'the commencement of .this Act, if any proceeding for the trial or punishment of the j offender has. been commenced before the commencement of this Act,' such proceeding may be carried on and completed and the offender may ‘ be t$ednand punished as if this Act had not passed, but, saye as aforesaid,; this Act shall apply to the trial and punishment of a person accused |)f such offence, and the section substituted for sections seventy and seventy-one .of the- Naval Discipline Act,

1866, and the addition to section seventy-four of that Act with respect to the warrant for sending a person to a place of imprisonment shall apply to a person sentenced, whether before or after the commencement of thisACt. fl J4s.) Any regulations in force, in anynaval ^prison at the commCnCemeijt:' of this' Act shaff continue in' force Until fce^Oked by regulations' made^m''pM,s'daffce bf this ‘Act; u *

9. This: Act shall come into force at the expiration of six months Commence- from the, passing-(thereofj or . at any earlier'date from time'to time ment of Act. hxed by the-Admir.alty, and the Admiralty may fix different dates

for: different stations /and places'rand' the>,day on I which this Act comes into operation on any station;.or in .any place shall as regards that station off. placeAfe .deemed to, ,-jbe\ tig* commenepmentTof rthis ,

Act.

10. This Act may he qiteji as*the Naval Discipline Act*. 1884. Short title.

, >OHEDDLE.

. Acts repealed! ;

A DUsCRip^ of a^orfen of an Act in tfes/^cheiule a;

is inplusive of the word section or other part first, knd! last mentibh^lpr otherwise referred -to as forming the! beginning * , or^>s,^rn[|1tpe end of the pb'rtion Aescribed in the desbription ^brinmtion.''

' ) "Session ancL iWiChapter, :' Wetm; 1 XXA ftfii Extent of ^epe^l, -

44 fieg.,.3.'qAB: ;Ati A|j|-to.prejeiiltliedeser-tibA/afta''escape of petty. i seamen, ahdothers1 :i firom/Bia Majesty'B'eervSeB,', . by means of any. civil 0$, criminal process.'' t The , whole .Asp-

72

Ch. 39, 40.

Naval Discipline Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict,

Session and ' Extent of Repeal.

Chapter.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 109.

An Act for the punishment of idle and disorderly persons, and rogues and vagabonds, in that part of Great Britain called England.

An Act to make provision for the discipline of the navy.

Section sixteen, from " other than a person " down to " to England."

Section fifty-six from " and any offence " to the end of SSfcggtian .two; in section fifty-eight, sub-section seven.; section seventy 5 section seventy-one; section seventy-seven; section eighty-one, from " and all powers and authorities with respect to " to the end^ of the section; in section eighty-four the date " 186ft."

CHAPTER 40.

An Act for enabling Manx Children to be sent to Be-formatory or Industrial Schools in Great Britain.

[28th July 1884]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title of 1. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Reformatory

Act. and Industrial Schools (Manx Children) Act, 1884.

Government of 2. Where under any Act or Acts of the Legislature of the Isle Me of Man of Man it is or may be lawful for the justices or a court in the said-with reforma- i^811^ to sentence a young person to be sent to a reformatory or tory or indns- industrial school in Great Britain, and provision is made under any trial schools in such Act or Acts to the satisfaction of a Secretary of State — for reception (1-) tfor the expenses of the conveyance of '.such yqung person of Manx to the school to which he is sent, and for his reconveyance on.

his discharge from such school to the Isle of Man; and (2.) For the expenses of the maintenance of such young person at such school; and (3.) For the Contribution (if any) to be made by the parent, stepparent, guardian, or other person liable to maintain the child so sent; and the mode in which such contribution^ to be raised.

The Government of the said Isle may, with the assent of Secretary of State and with the approval of the Tynwald court, contract with the managers of any reformatory or industrial school in Great Britain for the reception of young persons sentenced to be sent to any such school by justices or a court in the said Isle.

73

1884. ReJormatory<kIn(hi8tHalSchooU(M(mxChildrm)A<^.CB.A0 41

3. A young person sentenced as aforesaid in the said Isle to be Manx children sent to a reformatory or industrial school in Great Britain may be mfty be sent to conveyed in the custody of any constable or other person acting of^duSi under a warrant issued by any competent justices or court in the school in Isle of Man, to the school to which he is sentenced to be sent, and Gre<it Britain-he shall during his conveyance to such school be deemed to be in

legal custody, both on sea and on land, and when delivered up to the managers of the school to which he is sent he may thenceforth be dealt with in the same manner and be subject to the Reformatory Schools Act or Industrial Schools Acts in the same way as if he had been sent to such school by justices, a magistrate, or a court in the United Kingdom.

4. In the construction of this Act the expression "justices," as Definitions, applied to the Isle of Man, means two justices or a high bailiff

sitting as a court of summary jurisdiction; and the expression " a court," as applied to the Isle of Man, means the court of general gaol delivery, or a judge of the High Court of Justice of the Isle of Man.

The expression " Reformatory Schools Act " means the Reforma- 29 & so Vict. tory Schools Act, 1866. c*1 " .

The expression " Industrial Schools Acts " means the Industrial 29 * 30 vict~ Schools Act, 1866, and the Industrial Schools Acts Amendment ®*3 & 44 vict. Act, 1880. c. 15.

The expression * a Secretary of State " means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

In the construction of the Reformatory Schools Act and the Industrial Schools Acts for the purposes of this Act —

The expression "young person" includes youthful offender under the Reformatory Schools Act, and " child " under the Industrial Schools Acts.

The expression "judge of assize," or "court of general or quarter sessions," or "circuit court of justiciary," or "sheriff," means the court of general gaol delivery, or a judge of the High Court of Justice of the Isle of Man.

The expressions " sentence " and " sentenced " include " order " and " ordered " as used in the industrial Schools Acts.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the Building Societies Act, 1874.

[7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the laws relating to building societies:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act shall be construed as one with the Building Societies Construction Act, 1874, and the Building Societies Act, 1875, and the Building and short Societies Act, 1877, and may be cited as the Building Societies Act, tia®*

1884, or, together with the said Acts, as the Building SociftH««

74 Oh, 41,42. . ‘ Building Societies Act, 1884. 47 &> 48 Ym

Definition of 2. The word " disputes " in the Building Societies Acts, or in the I /word "dis- rules of any society thereunder, shall he deemed to refer only to disputes between the society and a .member, or any representative of a member in his capacity of a member of the society, unless by the rules for the time being it shall be otherwise expressly provided . and, in the absence of such-express provision, shall not apply to , any dispute between any such society and any member thereof; or other person whatever, as to the construction or effect of any mort gage deed, or any contract contained in any document, other jthan the, rules of the society, and shall not prevent any society, nr any member thereof, or any person claiming through or under him, horn obtaining in the ordinary course of law any remedy in respfcctjof; | any such mortgage or other contract to which he or the society would otherwise be by law entitled: Provided always,: that nothing in this Act shall apply to any dispute pending at any time , before the passing of this Act between any such society and any member thereof, or other person, which before the passing of this Act shall have been actually referred, or agreed to be referred, to arbitration, '< t' . ,:or as' to; which the jurisdiction of any court of law shall have been adjudged to be excluded by a decision of any court of competent . jurisdiction in an action or suit between the society and any member thereof or other person.

28 & 24 Vict. c. 79.

Short title.

Construction and short title.

Acts may be applied more than once to the same court house or county.

Representation to be com-, r, muni cate d to

Chief Com-,11 missioner of Works and Treasury.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to amend tile Sheriff Court Houses Act, 1860.

[7 th August 1884]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Sheriff Court Houses , Acta 1860, hereinTafter called the principal Act:

Be, it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this'present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland! Amendment Act, 5 884.

2. The principal Act, and an Act passed in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "An " Act to amend certain provisions of the Sheriff Court Houses (Scoh * land) Act, 1860," and'this Act, shall bereact and construed together and may be cited as the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Acts, 1860 to 1884.

3. "Where a representation is made to the Secretary of State under section three of the principal Act, it shall not be any objection to such representation that a previous representation with:respect to the same court house or with respect to the court house accommodation in the same county has been made and proceeded with.

4. Before the Secretary of State intimates his.opinion to.the Commissioners of Supply, on any representation made to him under the principal Act in terms of.section four Of 'the said Act, he shah transmit such representation;,tcf the First Commissioner of " Majesty's "Works and Publi# Buildings for his /report thereon; aim

75

138,4.; Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884. Ch.42.

on jrpqpiving such report shall transmit it tp the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their observations.

5. Whereas it is provided by section fifteen of the principal Act Liability of that it, shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury not Treasury to pay one half of the total expense of the erection or im- estimted proyement .of any court house under the provisions of the "said cost of con-Actijb isf hereby declared that such payment shall be limited to one structiQI'' -1 half of! the estimated expense according, to the estimate approved

of,by the said Commissioners in terms , of section eJeyfen. of the said Act, and any. excess over such estimate shall be defrayed out of the court-house assessments, unless such excess has . been expressly sanctioned by the said Commissioners, in which case one half thereof shall be paid by, themProvided that in case of .any court chouse regulated by a special Act or Acts, such excess may be defrayed in the rpanner provided in such Act or Acts for defraying the expense of sy.ch court house.,

6. Section sixteen of the principal Act, providing that the

, expenses ^,managipgL and keeping in repair the court houses erected " 79 a * ,py jj^prpved under the provisions of the said Act shall be paid by Treasury to t^Comm^gioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be repealed, and pay a fixed from and afrerjthe , pa#ihgi.of tlfin Act it shall be lawful for. the ^*nu|j^im Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to contribute towards the

tcnance.

expense of maintaining, managing, and keeping in repair, and .of cleaning, lighting, and warming any court hoifee within the meaning of the principal Act, whether erected prior or subsequently to the date of the said Act, including the salaries or wages of porters, hall-keepers, and other incidental annual disbursements, out of moneys to be provided by Parliament, such fixed annual sum as may from time to time appear to them fo be sufficient for that purpose, having regard to the average of the amounts actually disbursed under! the said Several heads during the past three years if the dbifrt has. been 'di&ened' so -long' for the despatch of business, and to the average .expenditure im other; court houtees of similar extent, and' to the' age .$nd existing state of repair of the (buildings.

If there is any ^excess of expenditure under, the said several heads over.auch fixed annual sum, such,excess,unless,specially sanctioned bytne Commissioned of Hpr Majesty's? Treasury, shall be defrayed .Jiy the county/t(orj ia the case ofi/the county, of Lanark, by the y^tcict of the county,j^the s^ej is divided by the principal Act) pud the-burgh or burgh^.|s^tuated therein, in the,proportion of their respective valuations for the time, being, jLpcording to. the valuation and, in the case - of the . county or district, the .same shall be paid out of- the county general assessment levied therein, and, in the case of the burgh, or burghs, opt of any police assessment levied therein:.Provided that in the case.of any court frouse regulated by ^special Apt- ,or; Acts, s\ich excess shall be , defrayed in the manner .provided in such Apt or Act for defraying the expense of such court house.

7. It shall the lawful for the First Commissioner ctf Works to Government depute ap: officer; from time -to time to inspect any court house inspector.m towards the costr^-maintenance of which a contribution is: made

from .public -fynds, in order )to' v see that the money is properly .expended, ah4,the; buil,dings are k/ept in proper repair; and if jt

76

Liability in case of destruction by fire.

Ch.42,43. Sheriff Court Houses (S.) Amendment Act 47 & 48 Yicj [

shall appear to him that any repairs require to he executed, the I Secretary of State shall have power, on receiving his report to that I effect, to call upon the Commissioners of Supply or the persons in I whom such court house is vested under any special Act or Acts to I execute the same.

8. If any court house erected or improved under the Sheriff I Court Houses Acts is destroyed or injured by fire after its comply I tion, the Commissioners of Supply? or the persons in whom such I court house is vested under any special Act or Acts, shall be hound I to re-erect and restore the same, if required to do so by the Secretary I of State, and the provisions of the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) I Acts, 1860 to 1884, and any special Act or Acts relating to the court house so destroyed or injured, shall extend and apply to its re-erection or restoration in the same manner as if it were a court house to be erected or improved under the provisions of the said Acts.

9. The Commissioners of Supply of any county authorised by any Local or Private Act of Parliament to impose any assessment for the

____ purposes of or with reference to any court house or buildings for

levied with the the accommodation of the sheriffs and justices of the peace, and for

county general meetings of the Commissioners of Supply, may, notwithstanding assessment. n. , ___ , . rr- j* j

anything in such Local or Private Act, impose, levy, and collect

such assessment at the same time, and in the same manner, as the

county general assessment.

Court house assessments under Local Acts may he

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

12 & 18 Vict. c. 45.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

Short title.

Commencement of .Act.

Repeal of obsolete punishments for nonpayment of fines and other sums of money.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to repeal divers Enactments rendered unnecessary by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts and other Acts relating to Proceedings before Courts of Summary jurisdiction, and to make further provision for the uniformity of Proceedings before those Courts. [7th August 1884]

WHEREAS the Summary Jurisdiction Acts regulate the procedure before courts of summary jurisdiction and on appeals] from those courts to courts of quarter sessions, and it is exped3$| to provide for uniformity of procedure in all such cases:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most* Excellent Majesty.] by and with the advice and consent of the Lords .Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, n| by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act maybe cited as the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of Deceit ber one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four.

3. Whereas the Summary Jurisdiction Acts provide for the imprisonment of a person for the nonpayment in certain cases of * sum of money adjudged to be paid by the conviction or order of * court of summary jurisdiction, and it is expedient to repeal so iff3® of any enactment as provides the punishment of whipping or 8$ punishment other than imprisonment, with or without hard labour? provided for such nonpayment: Be it therefore enacted that —

So much of any Act as enacts that a person on nonpayment of sum of money adjudged to he paid by the conviction or order of

77

1884. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. Ch. 43.

court of summary jurisdiction in England shall be liable to be whipped or to any other punishment than imprisonment, with or without hard labour, is hereby repealed.

4. The Acts contained in the schedule to this Act are hereby Repeal of H

repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule men- Acts m 8che* timed *

Provided that —

(1.) Where an enactment extends beyond England that enactment shall be repealed only as regards England; and

(2.) The expression in the said " schedule conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction " shall mean a conviction or order made in pursuance of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts; and

(3.) This repeal shall not revive any enactment repealed by any of the repealed Acts, nor shall it affect —

(_!: (a.) Anything duly done or suffered before the commencement of this Act under any enactment hereby repealed; or

(6.) Any legal proceeding or appeal commenced, or any writ, warrant, or instrument made or issued before the commencement of this Act; and any such legal proceeding, appeal, writ, warrant, and instrument may be carried on and executed as if this Act had not passed.

A reference in any Act of Parliament or other document to any enactment repealed by this Act, whether incorporating or applying such enactment or Otherwise, shall be construed to refer to the corresponding enactment in the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and so far as there is no such corresponding enactment shall be repealed.

5. Whereas doubts may arise as to whether the Summary Removal of Jurisdiction Acts apply, or will, after the repeal enacted by this

Act takes effect, apply to the proceedings before justices referred Summary to in the sections mentioned in the third column of the schedule to Jurisdiction this Act, and it is expedient to remove such doubts : Be it therefore Acts* enacted that —

The repeal enacted by this Act shall not take away any jurisdiction of any justices to act summarily in any matter referred to in an enactment hereby repealed, and the Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, apply to every proceeding before justices as to which the procedure is wholly or partly repealed by .this Act in substitution for the procedure so repealed.

And for the further removal of doubts it is hereby declared that where by virtue of the repeal enacted by this Act or otherwise any statute .authorising the infliction by any justice or justices of a penalty or fine, either as a sole punishment or as an alternative punishment for imprisonment, provides no method for the recovery of such penalty or fine, sections nineteen and twenty-one of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, as amended by section twenty-one u & 12 Vict. of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, shall apply to the recovery 42&* 43 Vict. of such penalty or fine. c. 49.

6. Where a person is authorised by any Act passed before the Application of commencement of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, to appeal ggJJjJgg from the conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction c 49 regpectl

76

Ch.42,43. Sheriff Court Houses (S.) Amendment Act. 47 & 48 Vict

shall appear to him that any repairs require to be executed, the Secretary of State shall have power, on receiving his report to that effect, to call upon the Commissioners of Supply or the persons in whom such court house is vested under any special Act or Acts to execute the same.

liability in 8. If any court house erected or improved under the Sheriff

®a8e °* . Court Houses Acts is destroyed or injured by fire after its comple-

fiie. °tMm y fi°n, Commissioners of Supply, or the persons in whom such court house is vested under any special Act or Acts, shall be bound to re-erect and restore the same, if required to do so by the Secretary of State, and the provisions of the Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Acts, 1860 to 1884, and any special Act or Acts relating to the court house so destroyed or injured, shall extend and apply to its re-erection or restoration in the same manner as if it were a court house to be erected or improved under the provisions of the said Acts. Court house 9. The Commissioners of Supply of any county authorised by any untoTocai bocal or Private Act of Parliament to impose any assessment for the Actsmay be purposes of or with reference to any court house or buildings for levied with the the accommodation of the sheriffs and justices of the peace, and for county general meetings of the Commissioners of Supply, may, notwithstanding assessment. anything in such Local or Private Act, impose, levy, and collect such assessment at the same time, and in the same manner, as the county general assessment.

11 & is Vict. c. 43.

12 & 18 Vict. c. 45.

42 & 43 Vict c. 49.

Short title. Commencement of Act.

Repeal of obsolete punishments for nonpayment of fines and other snips of money.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to repeal divers Enactments rendered unnecessary by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts and other Acts relating to Proceedings before Courts of Summary Jurisdiction, and to make further provision for the uniformity of Proceedings before those Courts. [7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS the Summary Jurisdiction Acts regulate the procedure before courts of summary jurisdiction and on appeals from those courts to courts of quarter sessions, and it is expedient to provide for uniformity of procedure in all such cases:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords .Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act maybe cited as the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884*

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty*-four.

3. Whereas the Summary Jurisdiction Acts provide for the imprisonment of a person for the nonpayment in certain cases of a sum of money adjudged to be paid by the conviction dr order of * court of summary jurisdiction, and it is expedient to repeal so mud1 of any enactment as provides the punishment of whipping or any punishment other than imprisonment, with or without hard labour, provided for such nonpayment: Be it therefore enacted that —

So much of any Act as enacts that a person on nonpayment of* sum of money adjudged to he paid by the conviction or order of *

77

1881 Summary Jurisdiction Aitf, 1884. Ch. 43.

court of summary jurisdiction in England shall be liable to be whipped or to any other punishment than imprisonment, with or «g|fopi hard labour, is hereby repealed.

4. The Acts contained in the schedule to this Act are hereby Repeal of I

repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule men- Acts "sche* toed, "

'provided that —

MM Where an enactment extends beyond England that enact-,ji- ment shall be repealed only as regards England; and (2,)> The expression in the said " schedule conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction " shall mean a conviction or Render made in pursuance of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts ;

and

(3.); This repeal shall not revive any enactment repealed by any : i of the repealed Acts, nor shall it affect — gfj (a.) Anything duly done or suffered before the commence-o ment of this Act under any enactment hereby repealed;

,or

Any. legal proceeding or appeal commenced, or any writ,

warrant/of instrument made or issued before the commenee-& ment of' this Act; and any such legal proceeding, appeal, writ, warrant, and instrument may b,e carried on and executed as if this Act had not passed., preference in any Act of Parliament or other document to any renactment repealed by this Act, whether incorporating or applying such enactment on. otherwise, shall be construed to refer to the Mresponding e,naetment in the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and so far as there js no ^uch corresponding enactment shall be repealed.

5. Whereas doubts may arise as to whether the Summary Removal of ffirisdiction Acts apply, or will, after the repeal enacted by this a°Uu^tfen°of Agt takes effect, apply.,to the proceedings before justices referred summary

to, in the sections mentioned in the third column of the schedule to Jurisdiction ?ttis Act, and it is expedient to remove such doubts : Be it therefore Acts-.enacted that — -

m,The repeal enacted by this Act shall not take away any jurisdiction of any justices to act summarily in any matter referred to in an enactment hereby repealed, and the Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, apply to every proceeding before justices as to which the procedure is wholly or partly repealed by this Act in substitution for the procedure so cepealed.

And for the further removal of doubts it hereby declared that where by virtue of the repeal enacted by this- Act or otherwise any statute authorising, the infliction by any justice or justices of a penalty or fine, either as a sole punishment or as an alternative punishment for imprisonment? provides po method for the recovery of such penalty or fine, sections nineteen and twenty-one of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848;.as amended by section twenty-one n & ia vict. of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, shall apply-to the recovery |§ ^'4a vict M penalty or fine. 80 'jJL " v«-#.

Where a person is authorised by any Act passed before the Application of commencement of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, to appeal from the conviction dr >order df a nourt of summary jurisdiction, 49> re8pect-l

prior Acts.

Removal of doubt as to 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. s. 50.

Extension of 42 & 48 Vict. c. 49. s. 30.

mg appeals to made in pursuance of the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, or from the _refasal to make any conviction or order in pursuance of those Acts, to a court of general or quarter sessions, he shall after the passing of this Act appeal - to such court subject to the conditions and regulations contained in the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, with respect to an appeal to a court of general or quarter sessions.

7. Whereas by section fifty of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, it is enacted that the expression " court of summary jurisdiction" shall in that Act and any future Act mean "any justice * c‘ or justices of the peace or other magistrate by whatever name called " to whom jurisdiction is given by or who is or are authorised to " act/under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or any of such'Acts." And whereas doubts have arisen as to whether the said section extends to such justice, justices, or magistrate when acting under some Act other than the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: - Be it therefore enacted as follows: s dt is hereby declared that the above recited definition of court of summary jurisdiction in section fifty of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, includes such justice, justices, or magistrate as therein mentioned, whether acting under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, or any of them, or under any other Act, or by virtue of his or their commission or by the common law.

8. Whereas doubts have arisen whether Under the thirtieth section1 of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, the-justices or council therein mentioned have power to provide more than one petty' sessional courthouse, and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

It is hereby declared that the power of the thirtieth section of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, given to the justices or council, therein mentioned to provide a petty sessional court-house shall he deemed to extend to providing more than one such petty Sessional court-house if the justices or council shall, think it necessary ;or expedient so to do.

And for the further removal of doubts it is hereby declared that a petty sessional court-house dr Occasional court-house for the use of the justices of any county may be outside the limits of the petty sessional division for which such court-house is provided or appointed, and may be either in the said county, or in any adjoining county or borough, and for the purpose of the jurisdiction of any justices acting in such court-house the same shall he deemed to be within the county and the petty sessional division for which such justices1 act.

9. Nothing in section two hundred Ahd' W^nt^-sdven, of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall taken to have1 repealed

ia5& 43^VHct°n action thirty-eight of the Summary Jurisdiction'Act, 1879.

10. Nothing in this Act shall alter the procedure for the, recovery *9r any remedy for the nonpayment; of any poor; rate^.oi? of., $ny

poor rates,1&C, rate or sum the payment of which is not adjudged, by the conviction , or order of a court of summary jurisdiction.

Recovery of * 11. The payment of any sum certified by a district auditor' to? be

tified^ais ^accordance with the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1844, and trict auditors. Acts amending the same, nr with any other Act may, together

Removal of doubts as to effect of 45 & 46 Vict.

42

c. 49. 8. 38. Saving for the recovery of

79

1884. * ' SvMimary Jurw<McUon j£ct, 1884. Ch,:43.

with the costs of the proceedings for the recovery thereof, be enforced in like manner as if it were a sum due in respect of the poor rate; -'

12. 'Whereas by section twenty-nine of the Summary Jurisdiction Effect of Act, 1879-, the Lord Chancellor'is- authorised from tinle to time to make rulefe in relation to the forflis to be used under the Summary Jufisdicfcion Acts of any of them, and to annul and to add to forms in gelation to summary proceedings contained in other Acts, and doubts have arisen with respect to the effect of the forms altered by such, rules, and it is expedient to remove such doubts: Be it therefore elected th^t-TT-' ,i A.form authorised by any rules for the time being in force-in .1 pursuance of the said section shall be of the same effect as if it were contained in the Suiniriary Jurisdiction Act, 1848, Of in any other H & 12 Vict. Act, to, winch the, form is made applicable. ' / ^43, f:

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

/This gebedule down to,- the year jl868 refers to, the Statutes, Revised Edition, published; by-, authority under the direction tof the, Statute Law Cotnraittee.

A description ;or citation of a portion of anf Act'in ^is'schedule is incl|fsivef of the word, section,'or other part Jfifst and last mentioned nr otJter^iseufefcffbd to- as fbribing the beginnibg or as forining the end of the p<ffiion described in the description or citation.

i. Year and Chapter. Title or Short Title. Extent of Eepeal.

j A-uAct for t^e better. explanation. v<and supplying, the, defects., of the former laws for tnp.settle-,., ment of the poor.'' . , Section nine, from " to be; i; Ipvied g to end of section.

7 MM An Act, for the more easy re-V coverie of small tythes.. , i Section two from " and also© " , to end of section. Section three. Section four. "Section seven from " to be; " field" to "just and reasoned able." Section nine. ^Section ten, and : Section twelve. ..

i ‘An Act for the more effectual preventing the abuses and. frauds of persons employed in 1 the working up the woollen, !, ;. linen, fustian, cotton, and. iron . . manufactures of this kingdom. Ihv section one the words . ... ^-publicly whipped and, " and Se'ction four from " which shall be held " to end of section.

An Act for preventing jonmey-0; ,jpen shoemakers selhng, ex-‘' changing^ or panning ,bo#bs, , - shoes,! slmp^Ki,jcnt le^the^, pr, pother''materl^j for. m^guji&‘-« * foots, shpes. or .slippers, and, ! for hetfeAreghlajing: the said., , jonimeyh^U". Section one from " and upon theheglecting" to "offence , shall Jbc committed," Q, and from 1 ‘ nor less than fourteen .. /days " to end of section. Section two from " or else be igubject" to end of section, v, and Section five from " to be hol-den to " appeal."

80

Ch. 43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. 47 & 43 VICT

Year and Chapter. 12 Geo. 1. c. 34.

11 Geo. 2. c. 19.

12 Geo. 2. c. 28.

13 Geo. 2. c. 8.

15 Geo. 2. c.27. 19 Geo. 2. c. 21.

22 Geo. 2. c. 27.

Extent of Eepeal. __________'

Title or Short Title.

An Act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures, and for better payment of their wages.

1 An Act for the more effectual securing the payment of rents and preventing frauds by tenants.

| An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and I deceitful gaming.

IAn Act to explain and amend an Act made in the first year of the reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled "An " Act for the more effectual " preventing the abuses and " frauds of persons employed 1 " in the working up the wool-

1 " len, linen, fustian, cotton,

" and iron manufactures of " this kingdom," and for extending the said Act to the manufactures of leather.

- 1 An Act for the more effectual I preventing any cloth or woollen goods remaining upon the rack or tenters, or any woollen yarn or wooll left out to diy, from being stolen or taken away in the nighttime.

- i An Act more effectually to prevent profane cursing and j swearing.

- An Act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures;

Section two from * by war. rant" to "respective Jurisdictions," and from " for any time " to end of section. Section three from " and for want of sufficient " to end of section, and Section five from " to be hoi-den " to end of section.

Section four from "without bail " to end of section, and Section five from " to be held" to end of section.

Section five from " for the said county " to end of section. Section six from " be set aside " to " conviction or judgment", and Section eight.

In section one, the words I " whipped and ", and from " for any time not exceeding three months " to end of section.

Section four from "and shall be there likewise " to " order and direct ", and from " for any time not exceeding three months"to end of section, and Section nine from " to be held " to end of section.

Section one from " and in default of payment " to " they pay the same ", and Section two from " which shall happen " to end of section.

Section two.

Section five.

Section six.

Section seven, the words "for the space of one month ". Section eight,- from "in the words and form " down to "day and year aforesaid", and the words " said form and " and from " and the said justice" to the end of the section.

Section ten from " and that all charges " to end of section, and

Section fourteen.

Section one from " there to be kept to hard labour for the space " to end of section. Section two from " and in case the said forfeiture " to end of section.

Section six from " notice in writing " to end of section.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884.

Ch. 43.

81

Year and Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

27 Geo. 2. c. 7.

5 Geo. 3. c. 51.

14 Geo. 3. c. 25. 14 Geo. 3. c. 44.

Wol 6.

and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot pressers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures, and for the better payment of their wages.

- An Act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of clocks and watches.

- An Act for repealing several

laws relating to the manufacture of woollen cloth in the county of York, and also so much of several other laws as prescribes particular standards of width and length of such woollen cloths; and for substituting other regulations of the cloth trade within the West Riding of the said county, for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth, and for preserving the credit of the said manufacture at the foreign market.

- An Act for the more effectual

preventing frauds and embezzlements by persons employed in the woollen manufactory.

- An Act the title of which begins

with the words — "An Act to amend an Act " and ends with the words — "payment of their wages."

9,71 1?

Section eight, and So much of section twelve as applies any enactment repealed by this Act.

Section one from " unless such forfeiture " to the first "respectively committed", and from "for any time not exceeding three months " to end of section.

Section two from the first " unless the said forfeiture " to the first "appear reasonable", and from "for any time not exceeding three months ", to "appear reasonable."

Section three from "the person so convicted " to end of section.

Section four from "in the form and words" down to "day and year aforesaid," the words " said form and V and from "and the said justice " to the end of the section, and

Section five.

In section eleven the words " nor less than forty shillings ".

In section twenty-four the words "for anytime not exceeding three months ", and

Section twenty-five from "to be held " to end of section.

Section seven from " to be held " to end of section. Section eight, and Section nine.

Section two, the words "nor lees than five shillings ". Section three.

Section four, and In section five, the words " at the time of such conviction ", and from " abide the order of" down to "adjudged by the justices of such sessions", and from " and may affirm " to " all intents and purposes".

Year and Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

15 Geo. 3. c. 14.

17 Geo. 3. c. 11.

17 Geo. 3. c. 29.

17 Geo. 3. c. 55. 17 Geo. 3. c. 56.

An Act the title of which begins with the words — " An Act to explain and amend," and ends with the words — " payment of their wages."

An Act for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted, yarn, and goods made from worsted in the counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester.

An Act for the more effectual prevention of the manufacturing of ash, elder, sloe, and other leaves in imitation of tea, and to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise in respect to tea.

An Act for the better regulating the hat manufactory.

- An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the several laws now in being for the, more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures, and also for making provisions to prevent frauds by journeymen dyers.

The whole Act.

So much of section twelve as applies any enactment re. pealed by this Act. , Section twenty .

Section twenty-one from "to be held for the county " to the end of the section. Section twenty-two, down to "judgment be affirmed and ", and Section twenty-three.

Section one from "there to remain " to end of section. Section two from " there to remain " to end of section. Section three from " there to remain " to end of section. Section eight, and Section nine, from " shall be certified by " down to " which said conviction." Section three, and Section eight from "to be held " to end of section. Section three from "for any time " to end of section. Section four from ‘A fbnrpny time " to end of section. Section fourteen from "all which said respective forfeitures" to "adjudged guilty," and from " and if ‘ no sufficient distress " to end of section.

Section seventeen from "to remain for anytime " to end of section.

Section twenty from "to be holden " to end of section. Section twenty-one, and Section twenty-two from " and the justices before whom" to the end of the section.' ;

24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 3.

25 Geo. 3. c. 40

An Act for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in the county of Suffolk.

An Act for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in the

Section twenty-two.

Section twenty-three from " to be held" to end;of:sectron.r

Section twenty-four, down to "judgment be affirmed and ", and

Section twenty-five.

Section thirty.

Section thirty-one from "to be held " to end of section.

Section thirty-two down to "judgment be affirmed and", and

26 Geo. 3. c. 71.

31 Geo. 3. c. 56.

32 Geo. 3. c. 56.

Geo. 3, c. 57.

33 Geo. 3. c. 55.

36 Geo. 3.C.60.

counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Butland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

An Act for regulating houses and other places kept for the purpose of slaughtering horses.

An Act more effectually to prevent abuses and frauds committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool and worsted yam in the county of Norfolk and city of Norwich and county of the said city.

An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of certificates of the characters of servants.

An Act for the further regulation of parish apprentices.

An Act to authorise justices of the peace to impose fines upon constables, overseers, and other peace or parish officers for neglect of duty, and on masters of apprentices for ill-usage of such their apprentices, and also to make provision for the execution of warrants of distress granted by magistrates.

- An Act to regulate the making and vending of metal buttons, and to prevent the purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real quality of such buttons.

Section thirty-three;

Section five from " to be raised by distress " to end of section.

Section ten the words "nor less than ten pounds " and from " for any time " to end of section.

Section eleven.

Section thirteen, the words " nor less than ten pounds ", and from " there to remain " to end of section.

Section fifteen, the words " nor less than ten pounds ", and

Section sixteen.

Section twenty-six from "for any term " to end of section. Section twenty-seven.

Section twenty-eight from " to be held" to "judgment be affirmed ", and Section twenty-nine.

Section six, the words "the-sum of ten shillings for," and from "without bail" to-end of section.

Section nine, and Section ten from " to beheld " to " all intents and purposes ".

Section eleven.

Section twelve, and Section thirteen.

Section one from "and by warrant" to "offender or offenders ", and from " to-be held " to end of section, and Section two.

Section eight from "and to award " to end of section. Section nine from " upon giving " to " affirmed ", and from "for the county" to end of section.

Section ten from " Provided that such penalties ".

Section eleven,

Section twelve, and Section thirteen.

84

Ch. 48.

Year and Chapter.

36 Geo. 3. c. 85.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict

An Act for the better regulation of mills.

36 Geo. 3. c.'

39 Geo. 3. c. 79.

An Act to regulate the buying and selling of hay and straw, and for repealing so much of two Acts made in the second year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the thirty-first year of the i reign of King George the i Second, as relate to the buying j and selling of hay and straw | within the limits therein mentioned.

An Act for the more effectual suppression of societies established for seditious and treasonable purposes, and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 77.

41 Geo. 3. c. 109. U.K.

42 Geo. 3. c. 46.

Section eight from "and ini case" to "paid and satis.I fied", and from "upon I giving security " to "judg-l ment shall be affirmed'!,! and from " for the county"! to "themselves shall seem! meet", and Section ten.

Section twenty - two from I "without hail" to end of I section.

Section twenty-six from "to summon the person" down to " authorised and required", and from "to be ascertained" to end of section.

Section twenty-eight, to "person shall reside ", and from "and if it shall" to end of section, and [ Section twenty-nine from "of the county " to " such appeal with effect."

Section eight from " and in case such sum " to " three calendar months ".

Section nine from " so as such punishment " to end of section.

Section thirty-five from "and in case such last-mentioned penalty " to end of section. In section thirty-eight, the words "convictions by any " justice or justices of the " peace for offences against " this Act, and ", and Form of conviction in schedule.

An Act for the security of collieries and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners.

An Act for consolidating in one Act certain provisions Usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the mode of proving the several facts usually required on the passing of such Acts.

An Act to require overseers and guardia#& of the poor to keep a register of the several Children who shall be bound or assigned by them as apprentices; and ho extend the provisions of an Act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of His present Majesty to the

Section eight, and Section ten from " to be held in and for " to " as they shall judge reasonable ".

Section thirty-nine from " for which purpose " to "reasonable costs."

Section two from " to he re* covered " to " selling such distress ", and from , and i® case sufficient distress " W end of section.

Section four, and Section seven, the word " first ", and from " to b® holden " to end of secton.

Ch. 43.

85

Year and Chapter.

42 Geo. 3. c. 56.

42 Geo. 3. c. 119. 44 Geo. 3. c. 54.

48 Geo. 3. c. 75.

52 Geo. 3. c. 155.

54 Geo. 3. c. 159.

55 Geo. 3. c. 137.

56 Geo. 3. c. 139.

Title or Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

binding of apprentices by houses of industry or establishments for the poor which have been authorised so to do by subsequent Acts.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty for granting stamp duties on certain medicines, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual provision for the better collection of the said duties.

I An Act to suppress certain games and lotteries not authorised by law.

! An Act to consolidate and amend

I the provisions of the several Acts relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further regulations relating thereto.

An Act for providing suitable interment in churchyards or parochial burial grounds in England for such dead human bodies as may be cast on shore from the sea in cases of wreck or otherwise.

An Act to repeal certain Acts and amend other Acts relating to religious worship and assemblies, and persons teaching or .preaching therein.

An Act for the better regulation of the several ports, harbours,

I roadsteads,. sounds, channels, bays, and navigable rivers in the United Kingdom, and of His Majesty's docks, dockyards, arsenals, wharfs, moorings, and stores therein; and for repealing several Acts passed for that purpose.

An Act' the title of which begins with the words, — "An Act to prevent", and ends with the words, — "relating to the poor ".

I An Act to regulate the binding of parish apprentices.

Section twenty-five from "at any time " to " paid and satisfied", from "upon giving" to the first "affirmed ", and from " for the | county " to end of section. [Section twenty-six; and Section twenly-seven.

Section six from " for any space of time" to end, of section.

Section forty-five from " and if such offender " to end of section, and Section fifty-two from "to be levied " to " two months."

Section eight from " if not paid on conviction " to the first " such penalties and forfeitures ", and from " and in case sufficient distress " to end of section.

Section nine.

Section ten, the word " first *% and from "to be holden" to "judge proper ".

Section eleven.

Section fifteen from " and in case " to end of section, and Section sixteen from "holden next" to "prefer such appeal."

Section twenty - one from " there to remain " to end of section.

Section twenty-three from " according to the following form " down to " division or place ".

Section twenty-four, and Section twenty - six from " holden " to end of section Section eight from " in the following form " down to " first above written ", and Section nine from " to be held " to end of section.

Section fourteen.

Section fifteen.

Section sixteen, and Section seventeen from " to be holden " to " shall think fit ", so far as relates to an appeal against a conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction.

57 Geo. 3. c. 19.

57 Geo. 3. c. 93.

59 Geo. 3. c. 7.

3 Geo. 4. c. 126.

4 Geo. 4. c. 60

4 Geo. 4. c. 80.' -

4 Geo. 4. c. 95.

An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and assemblies.

An Act to regulate the costs of distresses levied for payment of small rents.

An Act to regulate the cutlery trade in England.

An Act to amend the general laws now in being for regulating turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England.

An Act for granting His Majesty a sum of money to be raised by lotteries.

. An Act the title of .which begins with the words — "An Act to I consolidate ", and ends with the words, — " registered in India."

I An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the third yqar of the reign of His present Majesty, to amend the general laws now in being for regulating turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England.

Section thirty from "and in case such last mentioned penalty " to the first " three calendar months Section thirty-four from "convictions " to " against this Act, and", and Forms I. and III. in Schedule. Section two from " and in case of nonpayment" to end of section.

Section three.

Section four to " original complaint ".

Section five and the Forms of order in schedule. Section eight from "and all such justices " to end of section.

Section nine from " upon giving " to " affirmed ", and from "for the county" to end of section.

Section ten from " provided that " to end of section. Section eleven,

Section twelve.

Section thirteen, and Section fifteen.

Section one hundred and thirty-eight.

Section one hundred and forty-t one from beginning of section to "sooner paid and satisfied ".

Section one hundred and forty-four so far as relates to a proceeding before ft court of summary jurisdiction, and The forms numbered 17, 18, 19,20,21,22 in the schedule. Section thirty-eight, and Section sixty-seven, the words " nor less than one calendar month ", and from " and any such adjudication" to "et cetera ".

Section twenty-nine; and Section thirty.

Section eighty-three, and Section eighty-seven from " to be held " to " intents and purposes", and from "Provided always, that in case ' to "determined", so far as relates to an appeal against a conviction or order^ of a court of summary jurisdiction.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83.

6 Geo. 4. c. 50. -9 Geo. 4. c. 69.

1 & % Will. 4; c. 22.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 32.

1&2Wil],4. c. 37.

An Act for the punishment of idle and disorderly persons, and rogues and vagabonds, in that part of Great Britain called England.

An Act for consolidating and amending the laws relative to jurors and juries.

An Act for the more effectual prevention of persons going armed by night for the destruction of game.

An Act to amend the laws relating to hackney carriages, and to waggons, carts, and drays used in the Metropolis; and to place the collection of the duties on hackney carriages and on hawkers and pedlars in England under the Commissioners of Stamps.

An Act to amend the laws in England relative to game.

An Act to prohibit the payment in certain trades of wages in goods, or otherwise than in the current coin of the realm.

Section seven.

Section eleven from " and in case such offender " to end of section.

Section fourteen from " for the county" to end of section, and

Section seventeen.

Section fifty-six, and Section fifty-seven from " and that where any distress " to the end of the section.

Section three.

Section four so far as relates to an offence punishable upon summary conviction.

Section five.

Section six from "which shall be holden " to end of section; and

Section [seven from " and no warrant p to end of section. Section twenty - seven from "there to remain" to end of section.

Section fifty-six, the words " for any time not exceeding two calendar months ". > Section sixty-five and Schedule D.

Section sixty-nine, and Section seventy from "provided that P to end of section. Section thirty-eight from " and for any term " to end of section.

Section thirty-nine.

Section forty.

Section forty-one from "and that where " to end of sec- tion.

Section forty-three.

Section forty-four from ",to be holden" to end of section, and

Section forty-five from "and that no warrant " to end of section.

In section nine the words " nor less than five pounds ".

Section ten from " and in case of a second offence " to " court and jury ".

Section eleven.

Section twelve.

Section fifteen.

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen from "and no warrant of distress " to end of section, and Schedule.

Year and Chapter.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 41.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 120.

3 & 4 Will. 4, c. 90.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

- An Act for amending the laws

relative to the appointment of special constables, and for the better preservation of the peace.

- An Act to repeal the duties

under the management of the Commissioners of Stamps, and on horses let for hire in Great Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof, and also to consolidate and amend the laws relating thereto.

- An Act to repeal an Act of the eleventh year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for the lighting and watching of parishes in England and Wales, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

Section sixteen to " such distress; and "

Section seventeen, and Section eighteen from "and that no warrant " to end of section.

Section one hundred and three from "and it shall be lawful " to " paid and satisfied ", and from "for the county" to " affirmed on the hearing of such appeal ".

Section one hundred and five from " provided that " to end of section.

Section one hundred and eight. Section one hundred and ten. Section one hundred and eleven Section one hundred and thirteen and Schedule B.

Section sixty-two, and Section sixty-three from " who are hereby " to "seized and distrained", from " it shall he lawful " to " otherwise, but", and from "without bail " to end of section.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76.

5& 6 Will. 4. c. 50.

An Act for the amendment and better administration of the laws relating to the poor in England aud WaleB.

An Actio consolidate and amend the laws relating to highways in that part of Great Britain called England.

Section ninety-two from " or house of correction " to end of section.

Section ninety-three from " or house of correction " to " unless such penalty shall be sooner paid."

Section one hundred and two, and

Section one hundred and three from " either of which court of sessions " to end of section.

Section seventy-five from " for any time " to end of section. Section ninety-seven.

Section one hundred and one. Section one hundred and two. Section one hundred and three from" by warrant under " to " nulla bona returned there-. on ", and from " for any term" to "paid and satisfied".

Section one hundred and four. Section one hundred and five from " to be held " to end of section so far as regards an appeal from a conviction or order of a court of summary jurisdiction, and The forms numbered 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25 in the sche* dule.

Ch. 43.

89

Year and Chapter.

6 & 7 Will. 4.. c. 11.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 37.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

6 & 7 Will. 4.

c. 86.

An Act for the registration of aliens, and to repeal an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty for that purpose.

An Act to repeal the several Acts now in force relating to bread to be sold out of the city of London and the liberties thereof, and beyond the weekly bills of mortality and ten miles of the Eoyal Exchange; and to provide other regulations for the making and sale of bread, and for preventing the adulteration of meal, flour, and bread beyond the limits aforesaid.

".'Will. 4.

& 1 Vict. c. 36.

An Act for registering births, deaths, and marriages in England.

An Act for consolidating the laws relative to offences against the Post Office of the United Kingdom, and for regulating the judicial administration of the Post Office laws, and for explaining . certain terms and expressions employed in those laws.

Section ten from " prosecuted within six " to " offences shall be", and from "for any time " to " twenty pounds

In section eight, the words "nor less than five pounds" and ‘ * for any time not exceeding six calendar months".

In section nine from " nor less than five pounds " to end of section.

Section twelve, the words "nor less than forty shillings," and " for any time not exceeding six calendar months." Section thirteen from "norless than ten days " to end of section.

Section seventeen from " which warrant such magistrate " to "recognizanceor otherwise", and from " and the other moiety " to end of section. Section eighteen.

Section nineteen.

Section twenty.

Section twenty-one.

Section twenty-two.

Section twenty-three.

Section twenty-four from " and where any distress " to end of section, and Section twenty-five from " the person or persons so convicted" to end of section, and

Section twenty-six.

Section forty-six from "which shall be holden " to end of section, and Section forty-seven from " and no warrant " to end of section.

Section eleven.

Section thirteen from "and any such justice " to " sooner paid," and from "for the county " to " affirmed on the hearing of such appeal." Section fourteen from "provided that" to end of section. Section seventeen.

Section nineteen.

Section twenty.

Section twenty-one.

Section twenty-two, and Section forty-five and Schedule.

Year and Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 50.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 84.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 85.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 97.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 100.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 109.

6 & 7 Vict. Or 30.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 40.

An Act for regulating the police courts in the metropolis.

B , -it

An Act to provide for keeping the peace on canals and navigable rivers.

I An Act for better defining the powers of justices within the Metropolitan police district.

A An Act for the regulation of | chimney sweepers and chimneys.

An Act for regulating railways -

An Act to authorise and facilitate the completion of a survey of Great Britain, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man.

I An Act to consolidate and amend

the laws relating to the copyright of designs for ornamenting articles of manufacture.

*£ WP >*

- An Act for the appointment and

payment of parish constables.

- An Act to amend the law re-.

lating to pound-breachv and rescue in certain cases.'

An Act to amend the laws for

the prevention of frauds and

1 abuses by persons employed in the woollen, worsted, linen, cotton, flax, mohair, and silk hosiery manufactures, and for

Section forty-four. .-Section forty-five.

Section forty-eight.

Section fifty from " to be hol-den " down to " by the last-mentioned justices awarded *f.

Section fifty-one, so far as relates to a conviction or order.

Section fifteen from "for a term" to "recovery thereof."

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen from "and that on warrant " to end of section, and Section nineteen [from "to be holden"to "by the last-mentioned justices awarded."

Section eight from " and when the information " to end of section, and Schedule.

Section ten.

Section eleven from " which shall be holden " to " process for enforcing such judgment", and Section twelve from " and no warrant " to end of section. Section thirteen from "for such period " to end of section, and Section sixteen from " for any term " to end of section. Section eight from " and not less than " to end of section. Section eleven from " and not less than " to end of section, and

Section thirteen from "to them for that purpose exhibited " to " paid or satisfied ".

Section eight from " and if the amount of such penalty" to the end of the Form of Conviction, and Section thirteen.

Section twenty-four.

Sebtion one from " for any time " to " sooner paid Section three and Section four.

Section two from "and id default " to " over to the person convicted", add from " for any term " to end of section.

Section eleven from " and id

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884.

Ch. 43.

91

1884.

Year and Chapter.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 68.

7-& 8 Vict. c. 101.

7.& 8 Vict. c. 87.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 10.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 16.

Title or Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

the farther securing the property of the manufacturers and the wages of the workmen engaged therein.

An Act for regulating theatres -

An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England.

An Act to amend the law for regulating places kept for slaughtering horses.

default" to. "over to the person convicted ", and from "for any term" to end of section.

Section twenty from "for any term " to end of section. Section twenty-two.

Section twenty-three.

Section twenty-four from " and that " to end of section.

Section twenty-seven from "for any term not exceeding two " to end of section. Section twenty-eight.

Section twenty-nine from " which shall be held " to end of section, and Section thirty from " and that no warrant " to end of section.

Section nineteen from " by the oath or oaths " to end of section.

Section four from "if within twenty-four hours " down to " some one justice of the peace ", and from " to be holden after " to the end of the section.

Section seven from " or prison " to end of section, and

Section nine from " to be holden " to " by the last-mentioned justices awarded

An Act to make certain Provisions for Proceedings in Bastardy.

The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

Section three.

Section one hundred and forty-seven from "and on complaint" to end of section.

Section one hundred and forty-eight.

Section one hundred and forty-nine.

Section one hundred and fifty-three.

Section one hundred and fifty-five, so far as relates to any matter to which the Summary Jurisdiction Acts apply.

Section one hundred and fifty-seven.

Section one hundred and fifty-nine from " for the county " to the end of the section, and

Schedule Gr.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. - j The Lands Clauses Consolida-

tion Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 20.

The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 77.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 100.

An Act to make further regulations respecting the tickets of work to be delivered to persons employed in the manufacture of hosiery in certain cases.

An Act for the regulation of the care and treatment of lunatics.

8 4 9 Vict. c. 109. - I An Act to amend the law concerning games and wagers.

Section one hundred and thirty-six from " and on complaint" to end of section.

Section one hundred and thirty-seven.

Section one hundred and forty-two.

Section one hundred and forty-three, so far as relates to any matter to which the Summary Jurisdiction Acts apply.

Section one hundred and forty-four.

Section one hundred and forty-six from " for the county" to end of section, and Schedule (0.)

Section one hundred and forty-five from " and on complaint " to end of section. Section one hundred and forty-six.

Section one hundred and forty-. seven.

Section one hundred and fifty-one.

Section one hundred and fifty-three so far as relates to any matter to which the > Summary Jurisdiction Acts apply.

Section one hundred and fifty-five.

Section one hundred and fifty-seven from " for the county " to end of section and Schedule.

Section five.

Section six.

Section seven to "over to the person convicted " and Section eight from " and that when any distress " to the end of the section.

Section one hundred and two from "and shall and may issue " to " sooner paid , and from "and the overplus " to the end of the section.

Section one hundred and three, and

Section one hundred and four from " the person appealing " to end of section.

Section eleven from * ‘ and on nonpayment " to " convicting justices ", and Section twenty from "to be holden " to " by the last-mentioned court awarded '.

Ch. 43.

93

Year and Chapter. Title orjShort Title.

Extent of Repeal.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 95.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 16.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 38. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 62.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

An Act for the more easy recovery of small debts and demands in England.

- The Commissioners Clauses Act,

1847.

- An Act to facilitate the drainage

of land in England and Wales.

- An Act for the establishment of

naval prisons, and for the prevention of desertion from Her Majesty's Navy.

- An Act to facilitate the performance of the duties of justices of the peace out of sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary convictions and orders.

Section one hundred and thirty-one.

Section one hundred and thirty-two.

Section one hundred and thirty-four.

Section one hundred and thirty-five, and Section one hundred and thirty-six, so far as it relates to any order, judgment, or proceeding before a court of summary jurisdiction.

Section seventy-one from "and if he fail" to end of section.

Section sixteen and Section seventeen.

Section thirteen from " for any term " to " costs ". Section fourteen, except so far as it applies to a proceeding under section nine; and Section fifteen.

Section nine from "provided always that in all cases " to the end of the section.

Section twelve from "and if there be" to "shall have arisen ", so far as the same relates to a case arising under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts or any future Act.

Section thirteen from "and if such defendant shall not afterwards appear " down to " evidence of such non-appearance of the said defendant."

Section sixteen from " provided always that in all cases" to the end of the section.

So much of section seventeen as specifies any form of conviction or order for which another form is provided by a rule under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

Section nineteen from "provided always " to the end of the section.

Section twenty from " provided always that in all cases " to the end of the section.

The references (S. 1.) and (S. 2.) in section twenty-seven and the forms .(S. 1.) and (S. 2.) in the schedule.

Year and Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 14

12 & 18 Vict. c. 45.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 92.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 81.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 33.,

16 & 17 Vict. c. 73.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 97.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 119

An Act to enable overseers of the poor and surveyors of the highways to recover the costs of distraining for rates.

An Act to amend the procedure in courts of general and quarter sessions of the peace in England and Wales, and for the better advancement of justice in cases within the jurisdiction of those courts.

An Act for the more effectual prevention of cruelty to animals.

An Act to consolidate and amend the statutes relating to the assessment and collection of county rates in England and Wales. '

An Act for the better regulation of metropolitan stage and hackney carriages, and for prohibiting the use of advertising vehicles.

An Act for the establishment of a body of Naval Coast Volunteers, and for the temporary transfer to the Navy in case of need of seafaring men employed in other public services.

The Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853

Section nine.

Section one so far as relates to any appeal against an order of a court of summary jurisdiction.

Section fourteen from " upon the complaint of any person " to end of section.

Section fifteen.

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen.

Section twenty-three.

Section twenty-four.

Section twenty - five from " which shall be holden " to end of section, and

Section twenty-six from " and no warrant " to end of section.

Section forty-six.

An Act for the suppression of betting houses.

In section three the words " for anytime not exceeding one month ".

In section seventeen the words " for any time not exceeding " one calendar month", and In section nineteen from " for any time " to end of section. In section twenty-three the words " for any time not exceeding six months."

In section one hundred and twenty - eight the words " within four calendar " months after such order " or determination made or ‘ ‘ given ", and from ‘ ‘ the person appealing" to "thereupon", from " upon proof" to " quarter sessions, and", and from *| and may order" to end of section.

So much of sections three and four as prescribes the term of imprisonment for nonpayment of penalty and costs.

Section thirteen from " to be holden" to "by the last-mentioned court awarded".

16 & 17 Vict. c. 128.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 38.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 104.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119.

18-& 19 Vict. C. 120.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 40.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 66.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 32.

An Act to abate the nuisance arising from the smoke of furnaces in the metropolis, and from steam vessels above London Bridge.

An Act for the suppression of gaming houses.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

The Passengers Act, 1855

The Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

An Act for the establishment of a reserve volunteer force of seamen, and for the government of the same.

Section fourteen down to "merits of the case, and", and

Section fifteen.

Section one, the words " nor less than forty shillings ". Section two, the words "nor less than forty shillings ".

So much of sections one, three, and four as prescribes the term of imprisonment for nonpayment of penally and costs.

Section ten from " to be holden " to " by the last-mentioned court awarded." Section eleven down to "merits of the case and", and

Section twelve.

Section five hundred and eighteen, sub - section (4), from "which is holden" to end of such sub-section.

Section eighty-five, the words "according to the form in the Schedule (N.) hereto " annexed ", from " or the justice before whom " to " costs of the proceedings", and* from' ‘ ‘ for any term not " exceeding three calendar " months" to " satisfied ". Section eighty-seven, and Schedules (N.)‘and (O.)

Section tyro hundred and thirty-one from " but no such appeal " to the end of the section, and Section two hundred and thirty-two, from ‘ ‘ or they may confirm" to end of section.

In section twenty - four the words " for any time not exceeding six months ".

An Act for regulating measures used in sales of gas.

An Act to abolish the jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical courts in Ireland in cases of defamation, and in England and Ireland in certain cases of brawling.

Section twenty-two from "to be held" to "such city, borough, or county", and from " and may order " to the end of the section, so far as relates to any order, judgment, or determination of a justice of the peace, mayor, or chief magistrate.

Section four from "which shall beholden" to end of section.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96.

24 & 25 Vict. o. 97.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 99.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 110.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 61.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 114.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 65.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 103.

The Larceny Act, 1861 -

An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to malicious injuries to property.

- An Act to consolidate and amend

the Statute Law of the United Kingdom against offences relating to the coin.

- The Old Metal Dealers Act, 1861

- The Volunteer Act, 1863

An Act to amend the law in certain cases of misappropriation by servants of the property of their masters.

Section one hundred and five. Section one hundred and seven from "for any term not exceeding two months " to end of section.

Section one hundred and ten from " which shall be holden " to the first " and the costs of the appeal;" and from " and the court at such sessions" to end of section.

Section one hundred and eleven from "and no warrant" to end of section, and Section one hundred and twelve.

Section sixty-two.

Section sixty-five from "4for any term not exceeding two months " to end of section. Section sixty-eight from " which shall be holden " to the first " and the costs of the appeal;" and from " and the court at such sessions " to end of section.

Section sixty-nine from " and no warrant" to end of section, and Section seventy.

Section thirty-two from "and no warrant " to end of section.

Section eleven from " which is holden " to " seem meet Section forty-seven from "in manner provided " to end of section.

Section five from " and no warrant" to end of section, and

Section six from " which shall be holden " to end of section. Section forty-eight from " held not less " in sub-section (1) to " and of the appeal " at end of sub-section .(3) j and from " the court " at beginning of sub-section (5) to "Metropolitan Police District"; and from "and a warrant of commitment " to " sustain the same ".

In section one the words "for " any term not exceeding " three months, unless such " penalty be sooner paid ". Section two from " which shall be holden " to " and the costs of the appeal "; and from ‘ " and the court at such

An Act for the better management of highways in England.

An Act for the prevention of poaching.

Ch. 43.

97

Year and Chapter. Title or Short Title. ! 1 Extent of Repeal.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 121. - The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865 - 1 sessions" to "evidence of such conviction ", and Section three from "and no warrant " to end of section. Section sixty-six from " for

31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868 the county" to end of section. Section fifty-eight from " in

32 & 33 Vict. c. 112. V The Adulteration of Seeds Act, manner directed " to " be made ", and from " for the county " to " either party ". Section six from "held not

1869. less " to " the said Act ", and

34 & 35 Vict. c. 31. - The Trade Union Act, 1871 from " and a warrant of commitment " to end of section. Section twenty from " for the

34 & 35 Vict. c. 105. The Petroleum Act, 1871 county" to end of section. Section fifteen from " the de-

34 & 35 Vict. c. 112. - : The Prevention of Crime Act, scription of any offence " to " informant or prosecutor " (being sub-sections 4 and 5), and from "moi'eover" in sub-section (6) to " direct " in sub-section (7). Section seventeen from "the

1871. description of any offence"

35 & 36 Vict. c. 38. 1 - The Infant Life Protection Act, to " prosecutor or complainant " (being sub-sections, 2 and 3). Section eleven from " the de-

35 & 36 Vict. c. 50. 35 & 36 Vict. c. 76.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 77.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 93.

& 36

Vict. c. 94.

1872.

The Railway Rolling Stock Protection Act, 1872.

The Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1872.

The Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872.

The Pawnbrokers Act, 1872

The Licensing Act, 1872

[N°. 7. Price Id.l

scription to prosecutor." Section six from "for the county " to end of section. Section sixty-one from "for the county" to "party as the court thinks just ", and Section sixty-three from " the description of any offence "

to " of the informant " (being I sub-sections 2 and 3).

' Section thirty-two from "for the county " to " party as the court thinks just ", and Section thirty-four from " the description of any offence " > to "part of the informant" (being sub-sections 2 and 3). Section fifty-two from "for the county" to end of section, except so far as relates to an. appeal against the refusal of a certificate for a licence, and

Section fifty-four.

Section fifty-one from "where the court " to " complainant; and ", (being sub-sections (2) and (3) and part of sub-section (4),) and Section fifty-two from "for the county" to end of section, and

Section fifty-four from "moreover " to end of section.

G

98

Ch. 43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict

Year and Chapter.

"36 & 37 Vict. c. 77.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 86.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 67.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 17.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 55.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 60.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 63.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 86.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 45.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 77. 41 & 42 Vict. o. 16.

Title or Short Title.

The Naval Artillery Volunteer Act, 1873.

The Elementary Education Act, 1873.

The Slaughter-houses, &c. (Metropolis) Act, 1874.

The Explosives Act, 1875

The Public Health Act, 1875

- The Friendly Societies Act, 1875

- The Sale of Food and Drugs Act,

1875.

Extent of Repeal.

Section thirty-six from " the description of any offence" to " informant or complain, ant" (being sub-sections 1 and 2).

Section thirty-eight from " the conditions" to "this Act", and from "for the county" to end of section, and Section forty from "more.

over " to end of section. Section twenty-four from "the description of the offence" to "part of the informant" (being sub-sections 1 and 2). Section six from " subject to" to " be made ", and from " for the county " to end of section.

Section ninety-three from "in manner provided " to end of section.

Section two hundred and fifty* two, and Section two hundred and sixty* nine from " for the county" in sub-section one to "release him from custody " at the end of sub-section four, and from " In the case " in subsection six to the end of the section, so far as relates to an appeal against an order or conviction of a court of summary jurisdiction.

Section thirty-three from " In any information " to " negatived " (being sub-section 5), and from " for the county" in sub-section. (6) to end of such sub-section.

Section twenty-three from " which shall be held " to

- The Conspiracy and Protection

of Property Act, 1875.

- The Industrial and Provident

Societies Act, 1876.

The Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876. I

The Factory and Workshop Act, 1878.

" think proper."

Section twelve from " for the county " to end of section. Section nineteen from " in any information" to "negatived", being sub-section (5), and from " for the county' in sub-section (6) to end of such sub-section.

Section sixteen from " subject to the conditions" to "shall be made ", and from " for the county " to end of section. Section ninety from ‘ ‘ having jurisdiction " to end of section, and Section ninety-one from "the description of an offence " t° "part of the informant (being sub-sections 2 and 3)i

Year and Chapter. Title or Short Title. Extent of Repeal..

and from " a conviction " at the beginning of sub-section (6) to "form and".

41 & 42 Vict. c. 49. The Weights and Measures Act, 1878. Section fifty-seven from " the description of an offence " to "sustain the same" (being sub-sections 1, 2, and 3), and Section sixty from "having jurisdiction " to end of section.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 74. The Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878. Section sixty-four from " for the county" to end of section, and Section sixty-six from " a warrant of commitment " to "convicted " (being sub-section 3).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. The Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878. Section thirty-seven from " subject to the conditions " to "shall be made ", and from " for the county " to end of section.

4i5 & 48 Vict. c. 49. The Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. In section thirty-one, the words " by this Act or by any future Act ". Section thirty-two, down to "in " accordance with the conditions and regulations " contained in this Act".

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. Sub-sections five and six of section two hundred and

twenty-seven.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Payment of Naval and Greenwich Hospital Pensions. [7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of the Act of the session of the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifteen, intituled " An Act for further regulating " the Payment of the Out-Pensioners of Greenwich and Chelsea <! Hospitals," one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State makes regulations for the management and payment of the Greenwich out-pensioners and pays the pensions of those pensioners, but in other respects those pensioners are subject to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty (in this Act referred to as the Admiralty):

And whereas the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, provided that 28 & 29 Vict. the said pensions should be called naval pensions : c. 89.

And whereas the Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1860, 28 & 29 Vict. made provisions with respect to the pensions of seamen and marines c-subject to the enactment in section ten thereof that nothing in that Act should take away or abridge any power vested in one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State relative to naval pensions:

10.0

Ch. 44. . Naval Pensions Ad, 1884. 47 & 48 Yidj.

28 & 29 Vict. And whereas the Navy and Marines (Property of Deceased) Act, I c. ill. i! 1865, made provisions with respect to the parent of money which on the death of a person being or having been an officer* seaman, or marine, is due to him from the Admiralty:

28 &29 Vict. And whereas by the Admiralty (Powers, &c.) Act, 1865, provision I °* 134‘ is made for punishing persons who obtain pensions or money from the Admiralty by personation or other fraudulent means:

And whereas it is expedient that the payment of the said naval I pensions should be wholly under the control of the Admiralty:

And whereas by the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1888, I provision was made respecting pensions and gratuities to persons entitled to the benefits of Greenwich Hospital and to their widows, and for distinguishing the same as Greenwich Hospital pensions, I gratuities, and allowances:

And whereas doubts may arise as to the application of the Naval I and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1865, and the Navy and Marines I (Property of Deceased) Act, 1865, and the. Admiralty (Powers, &d.) Act, 1865, to such pensions, gratuities, and allowances, and doubts may also arise as to the effect of any Order in Council made in pursuance of the above-mentioned Acte so far as regards the restoration of a pension forfeited by Conviction for. crime, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1* This Act may be cited as the Naval Pensions Act, 1884. :i

Application to 2. Any reference in the Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Greenwich Act, 1865, the Navy and Marines (Property of Deceased) Act, 1865, ^nXns of or HP Admiralty (Powers, &c.) Act, 1865, to a pension or a naval 28D&29 Vict. pension, or to money payable by the Admiralty, shall be construed ce. 78, in, to include a naval pension and a Greenwich Hospital pension,

124, gratuity, and allowance, within the meaning of the Greenwich Hos-

pital Acts, 1865 to 1883, and any sum due on account of such a pension, gratuity, or allowance.

Amendment of 3. A provision of any Order in Council made in pursuance of the 28 & 29 Vict. Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1865, or of the Greenwich torestora9' Hospital Acts, 1865‘to 1883, respecting the restoration in whole or tion of for- in part of any forfeited pension shall have effect notwithstanding feited pensions, any Act or law relating to the forfeiture of a pension on conviction for crime.

Eepeal of 4. The Acts mentioned in the schedule* to this Act are hereby 1 19 & 20 Vict. repealed as from the commencement of this Act to the extent in the 1 of28&29 Vict° column of tfyat schedule mentioned, without prejudice to any' | c. 78. 1 ‘ thing previously done or suffered in pursuance thereof.

Commence- 5. (1.) This Act shall coma into operation On the first day I ment of Act. April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five.

(2.) Any Order in Council, regulation, or appointment, for I purposes of this Act may be made before the commencement of tn1 Act to take effect upon such commencement.

Naval Pennons Act ', 1884.

Ch. 44-46.

101

SCHEDULE. Acts Repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Eepeal.

0. 15 1 An Act for further regu- The whole Act so far as

lating the payment of it relates to Greenwich

the out-pensioners of 1 Greenwich and Chelsea j out-pensioners.

Hospitals. . . Section ten--,.

ii& 29 Vict. ci V31 - The Naval and , Marine

Pay and Pensions Act, I 1805: '

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to amend the National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879, in so far as it relates to the Loans for Teachers' ^Residences. [7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is. expedient to afford greater facilities for pro-tt vidinig residencies for ‘the teachers of Nationah Schools'in [Ireland:

J Be it* thbrfefoi-e' enacted; by thb Queen's most Excellent Majesty, ty and -with* the"'advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual'and Temporal, and Commohsi in this present Parliament asseiabled, and by the authority of the same, as follows : ''

1. This Act may he-cited for all purposes as the National Schbol Short title. Teachers Ani'endment'(Ireland) Act, 18.84, and shall commence and Sme into operation on the day of the passing of the Act.

#2. So. much of the National Schbol Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879, Extension of 91 limitsinrOspeet'to vestedschools the operation of the said Act ip*

m National Schools rested1 in the .Commissioners of National Educa- residences, fob;' or in*truktee^for' National 'School purposes; which were ‘Sb‘ 42 & 43 Vict. mated and in operaffi^as National Schools on ;thb>hrsf day bf May °*74-One* thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine;'shall be repealed;£-aaid lekfeeforth, fiei; from "the passing Of this Act, all bfchdol^ whether.

Abn-vested or vested/ and' if vested irrespectively of the date1 of gating, shall be entitled to .the benefit of loans for teachers1 i§kidences.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to amend the Naval Enlistment Act, 1858, and for [other purposes connected therewith.

,.x [7th August -1884.]

BE it-%nacted1 "byl j the ;Quefen% most Excellent Majesty,‘ by and 1J with the1 advice and consent Of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,land ^Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

102' Ch. 46. Naval Enlistment Act,'1884.. 47&48Yicr|

Short title and 1. The Act of the session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign I

construction. 0£ King William the Fourth, chapter twenty-four, intituled " An Act I " for the encouragement of the voluntary enlistment of Seamen, and I " to make regulations for more effectually manning His Majesty's- I " Navy," is in this Act referred to and may he cited as the Naval I Enlistment Act, 1835.

The Act of the session of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of I the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine, intituled "An " Act to make better provision concerning the entry and service I " of Seamen, and otherwise to amend the laws concerning Her I " Majesty's Navy," is in this Act referred to and may be cited as I the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853.

This Act and the Naval Enlistment Act, 1835, and the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853, shall he construed together as one Act, and I may he cited together as the Naval Enlistment Acts, 1835 to 1884, I and this Act may he cited separately as the Naval Enlistment Act, I 1884.

Amendment of 2. Whereas by the Naval Enlistment Act, 1835, it is provided I 16 8s 17 Vict. that a person shall not he detained in the naval service of His

od^fser Majesty for more than five years unless he voluntarily entered the ?ice of boys same for a longer term, and that, at the expiration of such term, he and evidence, shall he discharged as therein provided:

And whereas by the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853, it was enacted (by section one) that where, under the regulations or directions of the Admiralty, men were willing to enter or re-enter into the naval service of Her Majesty for ten years continuous and general service ‘ or for such other term of continuous and general service as under the Said regulations Or- directions may he authorised, such men. should he liable to serve accordingly, and (by section two) that every hoy under the age of eighteen years entering the naval service of Her Majesty should he entered and liable to serve until hev attains the age of twenty-eight years, and that a person who, when of the age of eighteen or upwards, entered into such naval service as a boy, should be entered for ten years continuous and. general service from the time of his entering, and should he liable, to serve accordingly:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the addition of two years to the service of hoys hereafter entered into the naval service; of Her Majesty, and otherwise to amend the said enactments: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

(1.) If the regulations which the Admiralty may from time to time make so direct —

(a.) men willing to enter or ‘re-enter into the naval service of Her Majesty may he entered or re-entered for continuous and general service for such period as may for the time being fixed by the said regulations; and (b.) every person entering into the naval service of Her Majesty as a hoy may he entered for continuous and general service for , such period not exceeding twelve years, or, if he enters when below the age of eighteen, not exceeding the time required for him to attain the age of thirty years, as may for the tim6 being he fixed by the said regulations.

103

1884. Na/oal Enlistment Act, 1884. Ch. 46.

r (2.) Men and boys entering in pursuance of this section shall be liable to serve in accordance with the terms of their entry; and thfc enactments of the Naval Enlistment Act, 1835, and the enactments amending the same shall be applicable to every man and boy las if the term for which he is entered and liable to serve were throughout substituted for . the term in the said enactments mentioned.

(3.)' Any certificate which is by law evidence of the birth of a| person, and any declaration under the Statutory Declarations Act, 5 & c Yfiii. 4, 1835, by the parent or guardian of a person entering into thee.62. naval service of Her Majesty as a boy respecting the place of birth of such boy, and a declaration made by a man on entering into the naval service of Her Majesty, respecting his place of birth, shall, for the purposes of this Act and. of the said enactments, be I evidence until the contrary is proved of the place of birth of the person, boy, or man referred to in the certificate or declaration.

3. Section ninety-one of the Army Act, 1881 (which section Application of

: relates to the sending of lunatic soldiers by a Secretary of State vict

1 to workhouses and lunatic asylums and other places in which lunatics * 58 to ln"' can legally be confined), shall apply in like manner as if it were tic seamen, i herein re-enacted, with the substitution of "a person in the naval fc^jvice of Her Majesty " for " soldier " and " soldier of the regular [ forces" respectively, and of "the Admiralty " for "a Secretary of f .State," and as if any declaration made on a person entering into the I naval service of Her Majesty as a boy by his parent or guardian, or made by a man on entering into such service, were respectively BEtibstituted for the attestation paper.

4. Whereas under sections sixteen and twenty-one of the Act Extension to of the session of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign vict of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-three, intituled " An Act c. 73.

fern for the establishment of a body of naval coast volunteers, and for ^Bthe temporary transfer to- ;the navy in case of need of seafaring Hmen employed in other public services," the Admiralty have power, whenever an emergency arises, to require the service in Her Majesty's" navy;of persons who may have served as petty Iffiicers or seamen in Her Majesty's navy, and may be in receipt of pensions in respect of such service, and pensioners failing so to join are liable to be punished as therein mentioned; and whereas it »is expedient to extend the said enactments to persons enlisted dr

I. re-engaged after the passing of this Act who have served in the royal marine forces,- and who are not members of the army reserve force: Be it therefore enacted as follows i

JrSections sixteen and twenty-one of the above-recited Act shall apply to persons enlisted or re-engaged after the passing of this Act, who have served as non-commissioned officers and men of the royal marine forces, and are in receipt of pensions in respect of such service, in like manner as if those sections Vrere herein re-enacted, with the substitution of such non-commissioned officers and men for petty officers or seamen of Her Majesty's navy, subject to the following qualifications: that men enlisted in the army reserve force shall not be subject to be required to serve in pursuance of the said sections, and the non-commissioned officers and men who are required to serve shall be subject to serve and be entitled to pay as

102' Ch. 46. Naval Enlistment d.c£, 1884. 47 & 43 y

Short title and 1. The Act of* the session of the fifth and sixth years of the reign construction. of King William the Fourth, chapter twenty-four, intituled « An Act for the encouragement of the voluntary enlistment of Seamen, and " to make regulations for more effectually manning His Majesty's- I " Navy," is in this Act referred to and may he cited as the Naval I Enlistment Act, 1835.

The Act of the session of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-nine, intituled "An Act to make better provision concerning the entry and service of Seamen, and otherwise to amend the laws concerning Her Majesty's Navy," is in this Act referred to and may be cited as the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853.

This Act and the Naval Enlistment Act, 1835, and the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853, shall be construed together as one Act, and may be cited together as the Naval Enlistment Acts, 1835 to 1884, and this Act may be cited separately as the Naval Enlistment Act, I 1884.

Amendment of 2. Whereas by the Naval Enlistment Act, 1835, it is provided 16 & 17 Vict. that a person shall not be detained in the naval service of His.

od^fser Majesty for more than five years unless he voluntarily entered the vicTof'boys same for a longer term, and that, at the expiration of such term, he -and evidence, shall be discharged as therein provided:

And whereas by the Naval Enlistment Act, 1853, it was enacted (by section one) that where, under the regulations or directions dr the Admiralty, men were willing to enter or re-enter into the naval service of Her Majesty for ten years continuous and general service or for such other term of continuous and general service as under the Said regulations or- directions may be authorised, such men should be liable to serve accordingly, and (by section two) that every boy under the age of eighteen years entering the naval service of Her Majesty should be entered and liable to serve until he* attains the age of twenty-eight years, and that a person who, when of the age of eighteen or upwards, entered into such naval service as a boy, should be entered for ten years continuous and general service from the time of his entering, and should be liable to serve accordingly:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the addition of two years to the service of boys hereafter entered into the naval service: of Her Majesty, and otherwise to amend the said enactments: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

(1.) If the regulations which the Admiralty may from time tot time make so direct —

(a.) men willing to enter or ‘re-enter into the naval service of Her Majesty may be entered or re-entered for continuous and general service for such period as may for the time being be fixed by the said regulations; and (b.) every person entering into the naval service of Her Majesty as a boy may be entered for continuous and general service for such period not exceeding twelve years, or, if he enters when below the age of eighteen, not exceeding the time required for him to attain the age of thirty years, as may for the time being be fixed by the said regulations.

103

1884 Na/ual Enlfotvnerit Act, 1884. Ch. 46.

I , (2.) Men and boys entering in pursuance of this section shall be liable to serve in accordance with the terms of their entry; and thi> enactments of the Naval Enlistment Act, 1835, and the enactments amending the same shall be applicable to every man and boy as if the term for which he is entered and liable to serve were | throughout substituted for. the term in the said enactments mentioned.

(3.)' Any certificate which is by law evidence of the birth of a | person, and any declaration under the Statutory Declarations Act, 5 & 6 Will. 4. 1835, by the parent or guardian of a person entering into the e. 62. naval 'service of Her Majesty as a boy respecting the place of: birth |f inch boy, and a declaration made by a man on entering into the naval service of Her Majesty, respecting his place of birth,

I shall, for the purposes of this Act and of the said enactments, be rofelence until the contrary is proved of the place of birth of the I person, boy, or man referred to in the certificate or declaration.

| Section ninety-one of the Army Act, 1881 (which section Application of L^tetes to the sending of lunatic soldiers by a Secretary of State s. 91 of to workhouses and lunatic asylums and other places in which lunatics 8 58 to ln‘ca. can legally be confined), shall apply in like manner as if it were tic seamen.

I herein re-enacted, with the substitution of " a person in the naval 1 service of Her Majesty " for " soldier " and " soldier of the regular L forces'* respectively, and of "the Admiralty" for "a Secretary of I . State," and as if any‘declaration made on a person entering into the I naval service of Her Majesty as a boy by his parent or guardian,

-made pn ^entering into such service, were respectively

Kgtubstituted for the attestation paper.

K; 4. Whereas hinder* ^'sections sixteen and twenty-one of the Act Extension to-Ljfof the* session Ilf the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign y.c(

I spf Her present Majesty) dhaptOr Seventy-three, intituled " An Act c, 73.

H pe establishment^ a body ef naval coast volunteers, and for ^Hthe temporary transfer tp.jfch|' navy in case of need of seafaring HjSmen employed in other, .public, services,the Admiralty have i Jppwer, whenever an emergency arises, to require the service in Her Majesty's* navy of persons who may have served as petty japicers or'seamen in' Her Majesty's navy, and may be in receipt of ^Snsions in respect of such service, and pensioners failing so to join ave liable to be punished as therein mentioned; and whereas it is expedient to e&terid the said enactments- to persons enlisted or [ i|eiiehgaged after thfe passing of this Act who have served in the royal marine forces, and w'Hpiare not members of the army reserj^fe« force: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

sBlfections sixteen and twenty-one 0P1 the above-recited Act shall apply tefpersons enlisted or re-engaged after the passing of this Act, served as non-commissioned officers and men of the royal marine forces, arid are in receipt of pensions in respect of such service, in like manner as if those sections were herein re-enacted.

With the substitution of SUch-hon-coUiinisSfdned officers and men for.Cpetty officers or seamen of Her Majesty's navy, subject to the following qualifications: that men enlisted in the army reserve force shall not be subject to be required to serve in pursuance of the said sections, and the non-commissioned Officers and men who are required to'serve shall be subject to serve and be entitled to pay as

Ch. 46, 47. Navd Enlistment'' Adi 1884. 47 & 48 Viofr

other noA-commissioned officers and men in the royal marine forces and not as petty officers and seamen.

Repeal of . 5. — (1.) The Act mentioned in the schedule to this Act is hereby

Acts, and repealed to the extent in the third column of that schedule men-

P888* tioned.

(3.) Men and boys who entered or re-entered into the naval seis vice of Her Majesty in pursuance of any enactment repealed by this Act shall continue liable to serve in like manner as if the said enactment had not been repealed, and until regulations are made by the Admiralty in pursuance of this Act the regulations'll force at the commencement of this Act with respect to enlistment shall continue in force, and the enactments repealed by this Act shall, for the purposes of this Act, have effect as if, they were regulations of the Admiralty.

SCHEDULE.

Act Repealed.

. Session and Chapter. .« .Title. Extent of Repeal.

16 & 17 ¥ici. c. 69. -I 1 An Act to make better provisions 1 \ condeming the entry, and service of seamen, and otherwise to amend the laws concerning Her Majesty's navy. Sections on# and ft . two.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to enable Local Authorities to transfer the whole or certain parts of their Districts for the purposes of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, to the. Districts of neighbouring Local Authorities.

[7th August 1884;]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the more effectual and convenient administration of the provisions of the Contagious, 4i & 42 Vict. Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, to enable local authorities to transfer' c-74- the whole or certain parts of their districts for the purposes of that

Act to the districts of neighbouring local authorities:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: short title. 1, This Act maybe cited as the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Transfer of Parts of Districts Act, 1884, and shall be construed as . one with the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878.

Transfer of 2. Wherever the whole or any part of the district within which

visions of Order1 of is wholly

surrounded by or has a common boundary with the district within

onelocal any AM authority exercises jurisdiction under the |

authority to the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, or any

another. Council from time to time in force by virtue thereof!

18841 Contagious Diseases (Animals) Transfer of Parts of Ch. 47. 105

Districts Act, 1884.

Which any other local authority exercises the like jurisdiction, those two local authorities may by agreement in writing between themselves make and from time to time vary and rescind provisions for the exercise by one of them (in this Act referred to as the administering authority) of jurisdiction under the said Act or any such Order within the whole or any part or parts of the district of the other, (in this Act referred to as the surrendering authority) and for Jtseertaining the proportion of the expenses of the administering authority to be paid by the surrendering authority, such proportion to‘be fixed with reference to the rateable value of the part of the district of the surrendering authority surrendered to the administering authority as compared with the rateable value of the original area of the district of the administering authority.

The district or part of a district subjected, in pursuance of an agreement under this section, to the jurisdiction of the administering authority, shall, for the purpose of the exercise of such jurisdiction, be: deemed to be part of the district of the administering authority, and be dealt with accordingly.

Any expenses payable by a surrendering authority to an administering authority under this section shall be paid out of the rate or fund out of which such expenses would have been paid had they been incurred by the surrendering authority itself. jjjLProvided that where the surrendering authority is a borough and the administering authority is a county to the rate of which such 'borough is assessed, the first provision of section forty-seven of the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, requiring repayment by the local authority of the county to the local-authority of the borough therein mentioned shall not apply.

3. A local authority may from time to time by agreement - concur Formation of Ivith any other local authority or authorities in appointing out of nnitedffistriot* their respective bodies a joint committee consisting of such number of members with such tenure of office as they may determine, and in assigning to such joint committee a district consisting of the Whole or such parts Of the districts of the constituent authorities as psuch authorities may determine, and in delegating to such joint committee within their district' the whole or any part of the jurisdiction of a< local authority'under the (Contagious Diseases (Animals)

Act, 1878, or any! Of ddr of Council from time to time enforced by virtue thereof, and any such-, committed' shall, in respect of any jurisdiction so assigned to them, exercise the same' powers and be subject to the same 'obligations^ and the said Act and any Order made In- pursuance thereof shall>. in respect of the district so assigned, tkke effect as if' such district were the ‘district of a local' authority and the»joint committee were a local authority within the meaning of the said Act.

All expenses incurred by such joint committee shall be apportioned among the component areas belonging to the different constituent atfthorities'in proportion to the rateable values of such areas, as 'eotnpared with eSch. other, and shall be ‘ paid dirt of the rates or fends;out ‘of ^Whidh stiefli expenses Would' have jbS&^paid had they'been iWcdired by the donstituent authorities' therriselvbs.

106

Ch. 47,48. Contagious Diseases (Animals) Transfer 47 & 48 Vict. of Parts of Districts Act, 1884.

Execution of 4. Any agreement made by a local authority under this Act

agreement. shall be binding so far as respects such authority if executed by

other members of such authority, or, where such authority is & corporation, if executed under the corporate seal.

No such agreement shall be valid unless it has been approved by the Privy Council.

Definition of 5. The expression "jurisdiction" shall not include the power of " jurisdiction." making 0r levying a rate, but shall include all other powers, duties,

and obligations exerciseable by or imposed on a local authority or its officers under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878, or

Act.

Application of g, In the application of this Act to Scotland, " rateable value " Act toScot- means value according to the valuation roll.

Application of 7. In the application of this Act to Ireland, the expression " Privy Act to Ire- Council " means the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council.

land.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to promote the Cultivation of Oysters in Ireland.

[7th August 1884.]

~\\f HERE AS under the provisions of the Act 32 & 33 Victoria,

* chapter ninety-two, and the Acts incorporated therewith, the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries are empowered, to grant licenses to certain persons to form or plant oyster beds or layings, whether; above or below low-water mark, and it is expedient, with the view of further promoting the cultivation of oysters in certain places, to extend these powers: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most* Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent , of thO Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

inspectors of establishment or improvement, and for the maintenance and regula-to mak^order8 ti°n, of an oyster fishery on the shore and bed of, the sea, or of an for oyster estuary or tidal river above or below or partly above and partly

referred to as the seashore), and including, if desirable, provisions for the constitution of a board or body corporate for the purpose of such order, on an application by memorial presented to the said Inspectors by any person or persons desirous of obtaining such an order.

Publication of 3. If on consideration of the memorial the Inspectors of Irish

affected by said order, and shall give notice of the application in such manner as they shall think sufficient and proper for giving information to all parties interested, and to the owners or reputed

the chairman for the time being of the local authority and two

any Order of Council from time to time enforced by virtue of such

Short title.

Power to

1. This Act may be quoted as the Oyster Cultivation (Ireland)

Act, 1884. . / i ,

2. The Inspectors of Irish Fisheries may make orders for the

fishery. below low-water mark (which shore and bed are in this Act

notices. Fisheries think fit to-proceed with the case they shall cause notices to that effect to be published and circulated in the district to be

107

1884. Oyster Cultivation (Ireland)lAct, 1884. Ch. 48.

owners, lessees or reputed lessees, and occupiers or reputed occupiers, so far as they may be known or ascertained, of the portion of the seashore to which the proposed order relates, or of the lands adjoining thereto.

4. During one month after the publication of said notices the Objections and Inspectors of Irish Fisheries shall receive any objections or repre-sentations made to them in writing respecting the proposed order, order.

5. After the expiration of one month the Inspectors of Irish Inquuy into fisheries, or any one of them, shall proceed to make an inquiry F°^corder ^nceming the subject matter of the proposed order, and for that sittings, purpose to hold a sitting or sittings in some convenient place in

the neighbourhood of the portion of the seashore to which the HBrnosed order relates; and thereat to take and receive any evidence information offered, and hear and inquire into any objections or ^representations made respecting the proposed order, with power from time to time to adjourn any sitting; and the Inspectors may, for the purpose of such inquiry, take evidence, and by summons require the attendance of any person, and examine him and any person who attends before him, on oath or otherwise, as they think |spedient, and may administer an oath or take any affidavit or declaration for the purpose of the inquiry; and any person so summoned who, after tender to him of - his reasonable expenses, refuses ipr neglects to obey such summons, and any person who refuses or neglects to answer any question which the Inspectors are authorised to ask, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a penalty not 'exceeding ten pounds for each offence; and any person who wilfully gives false evidence in any examination on oath in any such inquiry,

<6r in an affidavit or, declaration to be used in any such inquiry, shall be deemed guilty of perjury.

r- Notice shall be published in such manner as the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries direct of .every such sitting (except an adjourned'

Bitting) fourteen days at least before the holding thereof.

6. As soon as conveniently may be after such inquiry, they shall Settlement and proceed to consider the objections or representations that have been °* made respecting the proposed order, and thereupon they shall either

'refuse the application' or settle and make an order in such form, and containing such provisions as they think expedient.

7. Where the Inspectors . .of Irish Fisheries make an order, they Publication of shall cause it to be published and circulated in .such manner as they order*

shall think sufficient for giving information to all parties interested, and shall gimnoticdMit in such manner as they approvejio the owners or reputed ownerh, lessees or reputed lessees, and occupiers or reputed Occupiers (if any)y so far as they may be known or ascertained of the portion of the seashore to which the order relates or of the lands adjoining thereto.

8. An Order of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries shall not of itself Order be

have any operation until* confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant in Lord°Lbm-Council. tenant.

9. Any person feeling aggrieved with an order of the Inspectors Appeal against of Irish Fisheries may, within one month after the making of same, order-appeal to the Lord Lieutenant in Council against same.

108

Effect of order.

Grantees may appoint 'bailiffs, and make regulations.

Ch. 48.' Oyster Cultivation (Ireland) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vidt.

Amendment of 10. The Inspectors of Irish Fisheries may from time to time make order. or^erf for amending an order that has been Confirmed by the Lord

Lieutenant, and all the provisions relative to an original order shall apply also to an amending order mutatis mutandis.

11. When an order of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries has been confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant, the grantee or grantees shall by virtue of such order have within the limits of the oyster fishery named therein the exclusive right of depositing, propagating, dredging, and fishing for and taking oysters, and in the' exercise of that right may, within the limits of the fishery, make and maintain oyster beds, and at any season collect oysters and remove the same from place to place, and deposit the same as and where they think fit, and do all other things which they think proper for obtaining; storing, and disposing of the produce of their fishery, or for the regulation of such* fishery.

12. For the purpose of protecting an oyster fishery granted under such order, the grantee or granteeS; tinder the hands of any two of them, where more than two, and subject to the approval of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, may appoint, at the cost and expehh#. of the grantees, any bailiffs they may consider necessary for the protection of such fishery, and may make SUch regulations for the management of such fishery, subject to said' approval, as they may consider necessary, and any bailiff so appointed may enforce such regulations, and shall have all the powers conferred on water bailiffs by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force relating to Irish Fisheries.,

13. Any person who wilfully trespasses on :such: fishery, or on any oyster bed or oyster layings for which a license has been here-, tofore granted under the provisions of any Act of Parliament in force in Ireland, or who, not. being a grantee named in such order, or not haring the written; permission of the grantee or grantees,-OTj where more than two, of at least two thirds of the, grantees, wTmil dredge, fish for, or take any oysters, or who, being a grantee or cLqly

. authorised as aforesaid, shall dredge, fish for, or take any oysters in contravention of any regulations made as aforesaid, shall be liable; on summary conviction, to ppy a penalty not exceeding, twenty pounds, and to forfeit all oysters taken, or a sum equal to the value thereof if they have been sold, or. have not been delivered up to the bailiff so appointed, which forfeiture may be, enforced in the same manner as a penalty; and the court may direct such penalties and forfeitures to be paid or delivered to the grantees to be. applied .by them for the improvement and cultivation of the fishery.

14. The Inspectors of Irish Fisheries may, upon, the application Irish Fisheries of any person possessed of or interested in any oyster fishery, mak© o^CTMkto an °r^er permitting the dredging for, taking, or;having in posses-, dredging, &c. sion any American, Portuguese, or. other foreign oysters during such

part only of the close season fo!r oysters in Ireland, as now'fixea or cosc* 9 ' may hfereafter be fixed, as the said inspectors shkllj upon inquiijf,1 think fit to appoint and determine for such purpose for or in Any district or place: Provided always,-that before making any stfch order the inspectors shall take the same steps -as are providedby the Act of Parliament of the seventh and eighth' Victoria;-Chapter'

Penalty for trespass or breach of regulations.

Inspectors of

109

1884. , , Oysteir Gultivation (Irdcmd) Act, 1884. Ch. 48.

one hundred and eight, in case of altering the close season in any district or locality, and of publishing any such order, as are directed by, such Act or any other Act of Parliament in force in Ireland.

15. Whenever it is necessary in any legal proceeding to prove the pt0of of order, existence of an order under this Act, a certificate, endorsed on a

copy purporting to be a copy of said order, purporting to be under ithe hand of one of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, that same is a true copy of said order, and that same has been confirmed by the Lord Iiieutenant, shall be taken and received as evidence in all courts of the existence of such order.

16. Whenever it shall appear to the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries Orders deter-that the grantee or grantees in any order made under this Act are minatle. . not maintaining the oyster fishery granted thereunder, it shall be

lawful for the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, if they shall so think fit, to determine by a certificate under their hands such order, and thereupon all rights and privileges thereunder shall be absolutely determined, and shall be null and void; and for the purpose jof this provision the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries may from time to time Imake such inquiries and examination, and require from the grantees such information as they think necessary or proper, and the grantees ,shall afford .'all facilities for such inquiries and examination, and give such.information accordingly.

17. No. order made under this Act shall take away or abridge Order not to any right of several fishery, or any right on, to, or over any portion

'of the seashore, which right is enjoyed by any person under any local or " special Act of Parliament, or any royal charter, letters patent, ^prescription, orI immemorial usage, without the consent of such person.

18. The person or persons obtaining an order under this Act shall Copies of at all times keep at spme convenient place in the neighbourhood of ^Tfo^saTe .the portion of the seashore to which the order, relates, copies of the

(Order, and shall sell such copies to all persons desiring to buy them at a price not exceeding one shilling for each copy.

19. This Act shall apply to mussels, and to mussel beds and Extension of mussel fisheries, in the same way as it applies to oysters, and to Act to massels-oyster beds and oyster fisheries.

20. Where any por,tjon of the seashore proposed to be comprised Saving for

ih an order of the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries under , this Act the

belongs to Her Majesty,. Her, heirs or successors, in right of the

Crdwn, thd Inspectors shall not make the order, without the consent of the Board of Trade, dr, if such portion, of the seashore is not under the management of the Board of Trade, then without the cdnsent of the Commissioners' of Her Majesty's Woods; Forests, and Land 1 'Revenues, or one of them. 1

21. This Act shall extend only, to Ireland. Extend to

Ch. 49.

Public Works Loans Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vicp

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to grant Money for purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and of loans and purchases by the Irish Land Commission.

[7th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1884.

PART I.

Grant of 3,000,000l. for Public Works Loans.

38 & 39 Vict c. 89.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 77.

Chant of Money for Public Works Lean Commissioners.

2. (1.) Por the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, —

(a.) Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of three million pounds, may be issued out .of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, as amended by the Public Works Loans Act, 1879; and (b.) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may advance any part or parts of the total sum above in this section mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund; and such sums may be issued and advanced during the period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purpose of the said, loans comes into operation.

(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

PART 11.

Grant of 1,200,000l. for loans by Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

40 & 41 Vict. e. 27.

42 & 48 Vict. «. 77.

. Chant of Money for Public Works Commissioners, Ireland.

3. (1.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland —

(a.) Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole one million two hundred thousand pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce , thereof, in manner provided by Part Two of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, as amended by the Public Works Loans Act, 1879; .and (b.) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may advance any part or parts of the total sum above in this section mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund; and such sums may be issued and advanced during the period ending on the day on which a further Act authorising the issue of money for those loans comes into operation.

Ill

' (2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by Part Two of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

PART III.

Grant of Money for Irish Land Commission.

4. (1.) For the purpose of advances or of purchases of estates by the Irish Land Commission under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, and under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by the said Acts, and such sums may be issued during the period ending on the day on which a further Act providing money for the purpose of such advances or purchases comes into operation.

< (2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by the said Acts, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes. [7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875, (in this Act referred to fas "the Act of 1875,'*) the -raising of money by the Metropolitan Board of Works (in this Act deferred to as " the Board ") for the purposes therein specified was Regulated, and provision was made requiring that the borrowing powers granted to the Board by Parliament for the purposes therein named, should for the future be limited both in time and amount: And whereas by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act,. ‘1883, (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1883,") the Board were [Empowered to raise certain sums of money for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, and limits of time and amount within which *th§ powers by the said Act granted might bg exercised were fixed : And whereas the powers for- the raising of money by the Act of 1383 conferred upon the Board have been partially exercised, but it -is gkpedient that the Board should have power to raise certain ‘ further sums of money specified in the First Schedule to this Act Sjpnexed for the purposes, upon the terms, and subject to the limitations herein-after mentioned, and that the Act of 1883 should be Intended:

Iff And whereas it is expedient mat the Board should be empowered to apply for the purpose of certain Loans by the Board under this Act, any moneys for the time being forming part of the Consolidated Loans Fund, and not Required for the payments of the -dividends on Consolidated Stock:

Grant of 500,000l. to Land Commission.

44 & 45 Vict c. 49.

46 & 41 Vict. c. 43.

Ch. 49.

\Public Works Loans Act, 1884. 47 & 48 yI<7r

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and of loans and purchases by the Irish Land Commission.

[7th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and A3 \nth the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1, This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1884.

PART I.

Grant of Money for Public Works Lean Commissioners.

2. (1.) Por the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, —

(a.) Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of three million pounds, may be issued out .of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, as amended by the Public Works Loans Act, 1879; and (b.) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may advance any part or parts of the total sum above in this section mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund; and such sums may be issued and advanced during the period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purpose of the said, loans comes into operation.

(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by . the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

PART II.

. Grant of Money for Public Works Commissioners, Ireland.

3. (1.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public for Works in Ireland —

(a.) Any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole one million two hundred thousand pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by Part Two of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, as amended by the Public Works Loans Act, 1879; , and (b.) The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may advance any part or parts of the total sum above in this section mentioned in reduction of the amount which may be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund; and such sums may be issued and advanced during the period ending on the day on which a further Act authorising the issue of money for those loans comes into operation.

loans by Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 27.

42 & 43 Vict. «. 77.

Grant of 3,000,0001. for Public Works Loans.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 89.

42 fit 43 Vict. c;77.

Grant of

Ill

1884. Public Works Loam Act, 1884. Ch. 49, 50.

pr:(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by Part Two of the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

PART III.

Grant of Money for Irish Land Commission.

4. (1.) For the purpose of advances or of purchases of estates by the Irish Land Commission under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, and under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, in manner provided by the said Acts, and such sums may be issued during the period ending on the day on which a further Act providing money for the purpose of such advances or purchases comes into operation.

t(2.) The Treasury may, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided by the said Acts, borrow the sum authorised by this section to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or any part of that sum.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes. [7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875, (in this Act referred to fas "the Act of 1875,") the .raising of money by the Metropolitan Board of Works (in this Act referred to as "the Board ") for the purposes therein specified was regulated, and provision was made requiring that the borrowing powers granted to the Board by Parliament for the purposes therein "foamed, should for the future be limited both in time and amount > And whereas by the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act,. 1883, (in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1883,") the Board were Empowered to raise certain sums of money for the purposes in the said Act mentioned, and limits of time and amount within which the powers by the said Act granted might be exercised were fixed: And whereas the powers for the raising of money by the Act of *'$,§83 conferred upon the Board have been partially exercised, but it is Expedient that the Board should have power to raise certain ‘ "further sums of money specified in the First Schedule to this Act annexed for the purposes, upon the terms, and subject to the limitations herein-after mentioned*, and that the Act of 1883 should be pended: ..

‘ And whereas it is expedient that the Board should be empowered to-apply for the purpose of certain Loans by the Board under this Act, any moneys for the time being forming part of tho ^Consolidated Loans Fund, and not required for the payments of the dividends on Consolidated Stock:

Grant of 500,000l. to Land Commission.

44 & 45 Vict c. 49.

46 & 47 Vict. e. 43.

112

I.Ch.50. Metropolit<mBoardofWork8(MQ7wy) Act)lS84!, 47 & 48 Vict.

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should he empowered to raise any of the moneys which they are by this Act authorised to raise, and which it may he convenient to raise for a temporary period by the issue of bills, with the consent of the Treasury, for not less than three and not more than twelve months to he repaid out of moneys raised by the creation of Consolidated Stock under this Act:

And whereas the payments by the Board, up to the 31st December 1&83, for the purposes of the Eire Brigade Act, 1865, exceeded by the sum of seven thousand two hundred and twenty-two pounds nineteen shillings and eight pence, the amount of the moneys authorised to be raised by means of the Consolidated Rate, under the authority and subject to the limitations of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, and of the moneys received by the Board towards their expenses for the said purposes and the said sum was advanced by the Board out of other moneys in hand and it is expedient that such payments be sanctioned and confirmed and that the Board should be authorised to transfer to the Fire Brigade Account a sum of seven thousand two hundred and twenty-two pounds nineteen shillings and eight pence from the balance in their hands of rate raised for general purposes:

And whereas it is expedient to amend the Acts regulating the sale of superfluous lands by the Board, and to make such provisions with respect to the sale of such lands by the Board as are in this Act contained:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This. Act maybe cited as the Metropolitan Board of Works

(Money) Act, 1884, and the Metropolitan Board >of Works (Money) Acts; 1875 to 1883, and this Act, may be cited iggether as the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts,. 1875 to 1884. Construction 2. This Act shall be read and have effect as one with the Metro-of Act. politan, Board of Works (Loans) Acts; !869 to 1871; and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to , 1883.

Interpretation. 3. The expression ‘‘ Parks and Open Spaces Acts " in this Act shall mean the enactments specified in the Second Schedule, to this . Act annexed.

: The expression " Main Drainage Acts;" in this Act shall have the same meaning as is assigned to the same term in the; Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869.

Amendment of 4. Section eleven of the Act of 1883 shall be read and construed c627 V yiCt iffijsf' . sums which the Board was thereby authorised to lend to °' ' 8‘ *" Boards of ^Guardians had been limited--to, a sum not exceeding three . hundred thousand pounds instead of two hundred thousand pounds. Amendment of 5. Section twelve of the Act; of, 1883 .shall be read and.construed 47i#‘ 68 hi IIP snms which the Board was thereby authorised to lend to ' s‘ ' the managers of the,.Metropolitan Asylum District had been thereby limited to sums not exceeding, in the .whole one hundred and fifty thousand pounds instead of fifty thousand pounds.

Poorer to ex- 6. The Board may from ,time to time, up to the thirty-first day

for purpose of ^ecem^er one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five expend

J584. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884. Ch. 5ft. 113

for the purposes herein-after mentioned, such moneys as they, may Metropolitan think fit* not exceeding the amounts limited in relation to such Board of purposes respectively. Sea) Act

For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Bridges) 1884/the a Act, 1884, if it becomes law, thirty-one thousand pounds; Metropolitan

For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various works°(Va-Powers) Act, 1884, if it becomes law, sixty-five thousand pounds; nous) Powers For the purposes of the Metropolitan Commons Supplemental ^ct» 188f>the -Act, 1884, one thousand pounds; and Commons^p-

,For the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (District piemental Act, Railway Ventilators) Act, 1883, and the Metropolitan Board of |8^>,the Works (District Railway Ventilators) Act, 1884, if it becomes law, Board of fifteen thousand pounds: Works (Dis-

provided always, that the moneyto.be raised and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board for the purposes mentioned in this Acts, 1883 and section shall be raised and created by them from time to time in 1884. such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require and as the Treasury shall approve for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of the said Acts respectively in a proper and efficient manner.

7. The Board may from time to time during the year ending the Power to exthirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-fiveexpendfor the purposes herein-after mentioned, such moneys as poses during .they may think fit, not exceeding the amounts limited in relation year 1885.

such purposes respectively:

pt.) For the purposes of providing station-houses, fire-engines,

; fire-escapes, and permanent plant for the purposes of the Fire 28 & 29 Vict.

V Brigade Act, 1865, thirty-five thousand pounds; c‘90,

S\b.) For the purposes of the Parks and Open Spaces Acts, fifteen thousand pounds;

& (c.) For the purposes of the Metropolis Toll Bridges Act, 1877, 40& 41 Vict . including the cost of certain special works for the maintenance c- XCUK> and repair of certain of the bridges acquired by the Board k under the said Act, and the commutation of pensions, twenty thousand pounds;

(d.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Bridges Act, 1881, one 44 & 45 Vict.

hundred and seventy-two thousand pounds, provided that the c-cxcii* ^moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this isub-section shall not, together with all moneys previously Kexpended by the Board for the said purposes, exceed seven ^hundred and sixty thousand pounds;

IBK For the purposes Of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Bridges, fcsj &c.) Act, 1883, ninety thousand pounds, provided that the Kjfuoneys expended by the Board under the authority of this ^Sub-section shall not, together with all moneys previously K expended by the Board for the said purposes, exceed one iun-dred and thirty-four thousand pounds;

(/) For the purposes of the Thames Kiver (Prevention of Floods) 42 & 48 Vict gb-t Act, 1879, five thousand pounds, or such further sum as the c. cxcviii.

| .Treasury may approve; 4 .

ps iy.) For the .purposes of schemes made by the Board under the (^authority of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improve* 38 & 39 Vict. fcJ) ment Act, 1875, or the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings c-36-S|f* H

114

Ch. 50. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884. 47&48'V'ier;l

Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, and confirmed by Provisional! Order and Act of Parliament, seventy thousand pounds, or such further sum as the Treasury may approve ;

40 & 41 Vict. (k) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1877, four hundred and ten thousand pounds, or such further sum as the Treasury may approve, provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section, together with all moneys previously expended by the Board for the said purposes, may exceed the amount of three millions seven hundred and twelve thousand five hundred and seven pounds, limited by the Act of 1883, but shall not exceed four million one hundred and ninety-three thousand five hundred and seven pounds;

(i.) For the purposes of the Metropolitan Street Improvements Act, 1883, ttwo hundred thousand pounds provided that the moneys expended by the Board under the authority of this sub-section shall not together with all money previously expended by the Board for. the said purposes exceed seven hundred and eighty-two thousand seven hundred pounds; &

(Jc.) For the purposes mentioned in section one hundred and forty-four of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and section seventy-two of the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and for the purposes of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1882, one hundred thousand pounds: Provided always, that the moneys to be expended and the consolidated stock to be created by the Board for the purposes mentioned in this section respectively shall be raised and created by them from time to time in such amounts and at such times only as the Board shall actually require and as the Treasury shall approve for the said purposes respectively.

Special power 8. The Board may from time to time up to the thirty-first day mone^for December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, expend,

proses of for the purpose of adding to, extending, enlarging, improving, and main drainage completing the works authorised by the Main Drainage Acts, and and main for rendering the same efficient in such manner as to them may seem proper, and for extending, enlarging, and improving the main sewers transferred to and vested in the Board under and by virtue of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and for making such other sewers and works, and such alterations and diversions of such existing main sewers, as may to them seem propej* for the purpose of relieving, supplementing, and rendering such main sewers efficient, and for carrying into effect the several provisions in relation thereto mentioned in the said Acts, such moneys as they may think fit, uot exceeding two hundred and ninety thousand pounds, in addition to any moneys which they are authorised to expend under any Acts passed previously to the passing of this Act; and all the provisions of the Main Drainage Acts and the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts altering Or. amending the same, for the timo being in force relating to the execution of works authorised by the said Acts respectively shall continue in force, and shall extend and apply respectively to the works executed by means of money raised for the purposes of this section; and all stock created under the

c. ccxxxv.

46 & 47 Vict. e. clxxviii.

18 & 10 Vict. e. 120.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 102.

115

1884. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Ad, 1884. Ch. 50.

authority of this Act for such purposes shall be deemed to be created fou the purposes of the above-mentioned Acts respectively,

9. Where a vestry or district board constituted under the Me-Power to lend tropolis Management Act, 1855, desire, in pursuance of authority ^g^n^r(Jg vested in them by Act of Parliament, to borrow money for the corporations, ' purpose of any work, or for the purpose of paying off any loan or burial boards, debt, or for any other purpose, and it appears to the Board and to &c‘ the Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money to be borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five the Board may lend to the vestry or districtboard, and the vestry or district board may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board think fit, and as the vestry or district board are authorised and desire to borrow, not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds; and frirWhere any corporation) body of commissioners, burial, board; or other public body (not being a vestry or district board constituted under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, a board of guardians, the* Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District; or the School Board for London), having power to levy directly or indirectly rates in <respect of lands in the metropolis, as defined in the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, or to make charges on rates leviable in the metropolis as so defined, or to take within the metropolis as so ? defined dues or impositions in the nature of rates, desire, in pursuance ofihluthority vested in them by Act of Parliament, to borrow money for the purpose of any work, Or for the purpose of paying off any loan or debt, or for any other purpose, and it appears to the Board and to the' Treasury expedient that the repayment of the money ;«ibe borrowed shall be spread over a series of years, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty-first day df December pie thousand eight hundred and eighty-five the Board* may lend to the corporation, commissioners, burial board, or other public body, and they may borrow from the Board, such money'as'the Board think fit, and as I the corporation, commissioners, burial board, or other public body "are authorised and desire to borrow, not exceeding pne' hundred thousand pounds.

k Money lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be repaid to them, with interest, within such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers with the approval of the Treasury agree: Provided that the time after the borrowing within which such moneys shall be repaid to the Board shall not exceed in the case of a loan for purposes of improvements effected by the widening of streets or bridges, or for the purpose of purchase of land in fee simple, sixty years, and for any other-purpose thirty years.c/ .Provided further that nothing in section twelve of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1879; in section eleven of the- Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1880; in section fifteen .of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1881; in section thirteen of the Metropolitan' Board of Works (Money) Act,

1882; in section ten of the Act of 1883, or in this section, shall be deemed to have: prevented or to prevent the Board from agreeing that any such loan as is in the said Sections respectively mentioned, and which has been or may he made by the Board to any vestry

TT 5

116

Ch. bO. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884. 47&48 Vict, I

or district board, shall be repaid by such instalments or otherwises! and at such time or times (not exceeding the times by the said I sections respectively prescribed) as the Board may think fit and the I I Treasury may approve.

Power to lend 10. Where a board of guardians of a union or parish wholly or I

to boards of for the greater part in the metropolis as defined in the Metropolis I f8af-ct Management Act, 1855, desire, in pursuance of authority vested in I c. 120. them, to borrow money for the purpose of any work, or for the I purpose of paying off any loan or debt, or for any other purpose, I and it appears to the Board and to the Treasury expedient that the I repayment of the money to be borrowed shall be spread over a series I of years, then from time to time during the year ending the thirty- I first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five I the Board may lend to the board of guardians, and the board of I guardians may borrow from the Board, such money as the Board I think fit, and as the board of guardians are authorised and desire I to borrow, not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds.

Money lent by the Board under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be repaid to them, with interest, I within such time after the borrowing as the Board and the borrowers I With the approval of the Treasury agree, not exceeding thirty I ..... years. ..

Extension of 11, - The Board may from time to time during the year ending I loanMo the the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and Managers of eighty-five lend to the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum Dis-Metropolitan trict, in addition to the sums heretofore authorised to be lent by the Asylum Dis- Board to the said Managers, such sums as the said Managers are from time to time authorised by the Local Government Board to 30 & 31 Vict. borrow in pursuance of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, and any Acts altering or amending the same for the time being in force, not exceeding in the whole one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, as though the said sums were included in the amount authorised to be lent for such purposes by section thirty-seven of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869^ .and the Acts amending the same.

Power to lend 12. The Board may from time to time during the year ending BoMdf°J the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and London?1 eighty-five lend to the School Board for London, in accordance with 33 & 34 Vict. the provisions of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 and 1873, 867& 87 Vict aad any -A-eh $r Acts altering or amending the same for the time o. 86. being in force, such sums,as the said School Board are from time to

time authorised to borrow by the Education Department in pursuance of the said Acts, not exceeding in the; whole the sum of seven hundred thousand pounds.

The moneys so lent by the Board shall be repaid to them by th® said School Board, with interest, within such period not exceeding fifty years as may be agreed upon between ^he Board and the said School Board with the sanction of the Education Department, subject to the; approval of the Treasury., i, fons^dated8* order *° raise money, for the several purposes for which

stock the Board are by this Act authorised to, expend or lend money, the

Board may from time to time create conscilidated stock. Provided always, that —

117

1884. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884. Ch. 50.

k 'iWhere the Board under the authority of this Act create consolidated stock to raise money for the purpose of the Fire Brigade Act,

1865, or to enable them to make a loan repayable within thirty years from the date of such loan, the Board shall from time to time carry to the consolidated loans fund such sums as the Treasury Approve as being in their opinion sufficient to redeem within the Kaiof thirty years from the date of the creation of such stock, or in the case of any such loan within any lesser period for which the same may be made, an amount of consolidated stock equal to that so created; and Where the Board are by this Act authorised to make a loan, the Board; instead of raising money for any such loan by the creation of ^consolidated stock, may use for any such loan any moneys for the time being forming part of the consolidated loans fund, and not required for the payments of the dividends on consolidated stock, provided that no such moneys shall be used for any such loan which shall be repayable at any date later than the date at which such moneys will be required, by the Board to pay off consolidated stock; and

Where the Board raise consolidated stock for the purpose of any scheme made by the Board under the authority of the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, or the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Acts, 1875 to 1882, and confirmed by Provisional Order and Act of Parliament, there shall be repaid (as provided by the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875,) *to. the consolidated rate out of the local rate as defined by the said last-mentioned Act, all moneys required for payment of Dividends on and the redemption of all consolidated stock created for such nurpose.

14. The payment by. order of the Board for the purposes of the Ratification of Eire Brigade Act, 1865, up to the thirty-first December one thousand Board's ex-feight hundred and eighty-three, of sums amounting in the whole to fj^bri^de* the sum of seven thousand two hundred and twenty-two pounds purposes. Euneteen shillings and eightpence, in excess of the amount of the ^moneys authorised'io be raised and raised by means of the consolidated rate under the authority and subject to the limitations' of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, and of the moneys . received by the Board towards their expenses for the s'aid purposes is. hereby sanctioned and confirmed; and the Board is authorised to transfer to the Fire Brigade account a sum of ^seven thousand two hundred and twenty-two pounds nineteen shillings and eightpence from the balance in their hands of rate raised for general purposes.

15.1 Notwithstanding, anything in this Act or in any other Act Board may relating to the Board contained, the Board, with the consent of the raise money Uy-Treasury, may from time to time as they think fit raise any part of b s‘ the moneys which they are by this Act authorised to raise, not exceeding in the vffiole the sum of five , hundred thousand pounds, by the Jfssue of bills under this Act.

16. A bill under- this Act (in .this-,Act referred to as a" metro- a"fd politan bill") shall be a bill in form prescribed by a regulation made

currency and

in pursuance of this Act for the payment of the. principal sum interest pn named therein, in the manner and at the date therein mentioned, so £?j^opo 1

poll tan bills under this Act.

Power to

118 ,Ch.50. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1884<. 47&48 Vict:. I

that the date he not less than three nor more than twelve months I from the date of the bill.

Interest shall be payable in respect of a metropolitan bill at'such I rate and in such manner as the Board with the consent of the I Treasury may direct.

Payment and 17. All moneys raised by the issue of any metropolitan bills shall I appKc^ons of paid the Board, and shall be expended by them for the puiv I metropolitan poses for which the same are by this Act authorised to be raised I hills and respectively. The principal money and interest expressed in any onconwii"^S ^tropolitan hill to he payable shall he charged on the consolidated I dated rate. rate, and shall he payable out of the said rate, or as regards principal I out of moneys raised by the creation of consolidated stock under I this Act for the purpose for which such principal money has been I expended, and as regards interest out of the consolidated loans fund. I Sections 18. The provisions contained in sections eighteen and nineteen I

si & 32 of the ^tions twenty-one and twenty-two of the Act of 1883, with I Act of 18S3 to respect to metropolitan bills as defined by that Act, shall extend I jwhtojjjrtro- and apply with respect to metropolitan bills as defined by this Act,

and for the purpose of such application the expressions " Metropolitan I Bill" and "this Act" in the said sections, shall be construed.to mean respectively metropolitan bill as defined by this Act and this Act.

_____ 19. Bor the purpose of paying off the principal money payable in

create conaoli- respect of metropolitan bills the Board may raise any sum which they are by this Act empowered to raise by the creation of consoli-pendedVhiie dated stock for the purposes for which such principal money has been expended not exceeding the amount of such principal money, but save as aforesaid the powers given to the Board by this Act to raise moneys for any purposes by the creation of consolidated stock shall be suspended to the amounts and for the periods to and for which moneys are for the time being authorised by the Treasury to be raised for such purposes respectively by the issue of metropolitan bills.

20. The limitation on the borrowing power of the Board contained in section thirty-eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, shall not extend to moneys raised by the Board for purposes mentioned in this Act.

21. All sums received by the Board in respect of interest on or principal of any loan made by them under this Act aha.ll be carried to the consolidated loans fund.

22. During the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five the Board shall not (except for such temporary period, not exceeding six months, as the Treasury may from time to time sanction) raise otherwise than in conformity with and to the extent mentioned in this Act any money under any powers of borrowing conferred upon the Board either by this Act or any other Act whatsoever: Provided always, that the limitations contained in this section shall not' extend to limit or control the raising of moneys under the authority- of section thirty-four of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, or of section eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1876, for the purposes in the said sections respectively mentioned.

metropolitan bills authorised, i to be raised.

82 & 33 Vict. c. 102. s. 38. not to extend to money raised under this Act. Repayments to be carried to consolidated loans fond. Limit to exercise of borrowing powers.

38 & 39 Vict. o. 68.

1884. Metropolitan Board of 'Works (Money) Act, 1884. C& 60. 119

23. Notwithstanding anything in any Act of Parliament con- As to sale of Gained the prescribed period within which the Board shall absolutely superfluous sell and dispose of any lands acquired by the Board for the pur- , ands' poses of any street improvement or widening, or for the purposes of any approach to any bridge, and not required for such purposes under any Act of Parliament passed before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one; shall be the sixth day of October one thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine, and as to any Act of Parliament passed in or subsequently to the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one shall be the first day of February one thousand nine hundred and forty-one, being the respective dates at which the consolidated stocks raised to defray the expenses of the Board in carrying into effect the said purposes, are respectively by law required to be redeemed. Provided always, that the Board may sell and dispose of any such superfluous lands at any time within the respective periods herein-before prescribed.

All moneys received by the Board from the sale or disposition of such superfluous lands shall (except where otherwise specially provided by any Act) be carried by the Board to the Consolidated Loans Fund.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

New Money Powers conferred in thts Act.

Section of Act.

Purpose.

Amount.

4

5

Supplemental up to 31st December 1884.

Loans to Guardians (amount already sanctioned, 200,0001.) -Loans to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District (amount already sanctioned, 50,0001;).? .. : - t - ,-

Dp to 31st December 1885.

f Metropolitan Board of (Works (Bridges) .Act, 1884 - . - - i:

J Metropolitan Board of Works, (Various Powers) Act, 1884 .

A Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1884 I Metropolitan Board of Works (District Railway Ventilators) wL .& Acts, 1883 and 1884.

£ 8. d.

100.000 o o

100.000 o o

31.000 0 .0 65,000.. .,0 ,0

1.000 0 0

15,000 0 0

.7

Hgl

1

(d)

m-.

if)

il

<h)

Mfc)

1st January to 31st Decembbr 1885.

Fire Brigade - - *,1-

Parks, commons, and open spaces -Bridges, including Commutation of Pensions (Act, 1877) Bridges (Act, 1881);

(Bridges (Apt, 1883) including freeing of East and West Perry ' Roads - - -

Thames River Prevention of Floods - - -

Artizans' -Dwellings - - - " * ,

Streets under-Act of 1877 '* klj-

Streets under Asst of 1883* including freeing footbridges over. ' canal - - - ...!

Improvements under the Metropolis Management. Act, 1855, 4-U - ~*r ® Aim aurlm Ant. A P.fi. 1862. and the

85.000 o o

15.000 6 o

20.000 o 0

172.000 o o

90,00b 0 0 5,000 b 0

70.000 o 0

410.000 0 0

200.000 0 .0

i

bills and charge of lulls on consolidated rate.

Sections

umuu — — — "JonthsM

from the date of the hill.

Interest shall he payable in respect of a metropolitan hill at' such I rate and in such manner as the Board with the consent of thel Treasury may direct.

Payment and 17. All moneys raised by the issue, of any metropolitan hills shall I applications of paid to the Board, and shall he expended by them fot the pup. I metro^titan poses for which the same are by tins Act authorised to he raised I respectively. The principal money and interest expressed in any I metropolitan hill to he payable shall he charged on the consolidated I rate, and shall he payable out of the said rate, or as regards principal I out of moneys raised by the creation of consolidated stock un&B , this Act for the purpose for which such principal money has been I expended, and as regards interest out of the consolidated loans fund. I

18. The provisions contained in sections eighteen and nineteen I 21 & 22 of the sections twenty-one and twenty-two of the Act of 1883, with I Act of 18S3 to respect to metropolitan hills as defined by that Act, shall extend I "Priy to metro- and apply with respect to metropolitan hills as defined by this Act, I under this &ud ^or the purpose of such application the expressions " Metropolitan I

Act. Bill" and "this Act" in the said sections, shall he construed.to I

mean respectively metropolitan bill as defined by this Act and this I Act.

Power to 19* l?or the purpose of paying off the principal money payable in I

create consoli- respect of metropolitan hills the Board may raise any sum which I

darttin°su8 they are by this Act empowered to raise by the creation of consoli- I

pended while dated stock for the purposes for which such principal money has

metropolitan been expended not exceeding the amount of such principal money,

bilk authorised. save as aforesaid the powers given to the Board by this Act to to be raised. # t ,* o 1. i j ± 1

raise moneys for any purposes oy the creation of consolidated stocK

shall he suspended to the amounts and for the periods to and. for

which moneys are for the time being authorised by the Treasury to

he raised for such purposes respectively by the issue of metropolitan

bills.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 102. s. 38. not to extend to money raised under this Act. Repayments to be carried to consolidated loans fond. Limit to exercise of borrowing powers.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 65.

20. The limitation on the borrowing power Of the Board contained in section thirty-eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, shall not extend to moneys raised by the Board for purposes mentioned in this Act.

2L All sums received by the Board in respect of interest on or principal of any loan made by them under this Act shall be carried to the consolidated loans fund.

22. During the year ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five the Board shall not (except for such temporary period, not exceeding six months, as the Treasury .may from time to time, sanction) raise otherwise than in conformity with and to the extent, mentioned in this Act any money under any powers of borrowing conferred upon the Board either by this Act or any other Act whatsoever: Provided, always, that, the limitations contained in this section shall not'extend to limit or control the raising of moneys under the authority of section thirty-four of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869, or of section eight of the Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1875, for the purposes in the said sections respectively mentioned.

AO* ---- JLUJ IV L-UIV-T7J

gained the prescribed period within which the Board shall absolutely superfluous

#11 and dispose of any lands acquired by the Board for the pur- land8‘

poses of any street improvement or widening, or for the purposes of

any approach to any bridge, and not required for such purposes

Hinder any Act of Parliament passed before the first day of January

one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, shall be the sixth day

of October one thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine, and as to

any Act of Parliament passed in or subsequently to the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one shall be the first day

of. February one thousand nine hundred and forty-one, being the

respective dates at which the consolidated stocks raised to defray

the expenses of the Board in carrying into effect the said purposes,

are respectively by law required to be redeemed. Provided always,

that the Board may sell and dispose of any such superfluous lands at

any time within the respective periods herein-before prescribed.

All moneys received by the Board from the sale or disposition of such superfluous lands shall (except where otherwise specially provided by any Act) be carried by the Board to the Consolidated Loans Fund.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE

New Money Powees conferred in thts Act.

Section fljf Act. Purpose. Amount. j

Supplemental up to 31st December 1884. £ | 8. d.

3 t Loans to Guardians (amount already sanctioned, 200,000!.) - 100,000 0 0

0 Loans to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District (amount already sanctioned, 50,000t.) S - - 100,000 0 0

r Up to 31st December 1885. Metropolitan Board of,Works (Bridges) Act, 1884 - . - > 31,000 0 .0

1 \ Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1884 65,000 0 ,0

Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1884 1,000 0 0

I Metropolitan Board of Works (District Railway Ventilators) Acts, 1883 and 1884 - ! . , ... ‘ 15,000 0 0

7 (a), 1st January to 31st December 1885. JFire Brigade - , - i a . - - 85,000 0 0

i Parks, commons, and open spaces ..... 15,000 0 0

(c) / YV Bridges, including Commutation of Pensions (Act, 1877) 20,000 0 0

(<2) Bridges (Act, 1881); " . " . 172,000 0 0

* 7 (e). Bridges (Act, 1883) including freeing of East and West Ferry

m Roads ---- 90,000 0 0

Thames River Prevention of Floods 5,000 0 0

Hi Artisans' Dwellings - - 70,000 0 0

\h) Streets under Act of 1877 tu. / 410,000 0 0

(*1 Streets under Act of 1883, including freeing footbridges over.

'jig canal - - - 200,000 0 0

Improvements under the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and the Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1882 -

100,000 0 0

i2a

Main Drainage -

Loans to vestrieB and district boards -Loans to other public bodies . ...

Loans to Guardians - -

Loans to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District -Loans to School Board for London -Amotjuts included above "which, are re-grants of borrowing power previously granted:

Fire Brigade

Parks, commons, and open spaces Bridges Act, 1877 -Bridges Act, 1881 -

Bridges Act, 1883 - -

Thames B>iver, Prevention of Floods Artisans' Dwellings ...

1 Streets'Act, 1877 - -

Streets Act, 1883 ..... Improvements under Metropolis Management Act, 1855, Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers)

Act, 1882 .....

Main Drainage -Loans to vestries and district boards Loans* to other public bodies Loans to Guardians ...

Loons to Managers of Metropolitan Asylum District ...

25,689

10,284

20,000

136,466

90.000 5,000

11,675

286,298

200.000

73,020

69,598

10.500

26.500 1,600

I New borrowing powers —

For Board £ 590,970 0 0 \ For Loans 1,496,900. 0. 0

14,500 0 0

£ s. d.

290.000 0 0

200.000 0 0 100,000 0 0

200.000 0 0'

150.000 0 0‘:

700.000 0 0.

981

,130 0

2,087,870 0 0 ,

- SECOND- SCHEDULE.

Parks and Open Spaces Acts.

The Finsbury Park Act, 1857, 20 & 21 Vict.,c. cl.

, Southwark Park Act, 1864) 27 Vict. c. iv.

, Gardens in Towns Protection Act, 1863, 26 Vict. c. 13.

, Leicester Square Act, 1874, 37 Vict. c. x.

, Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1877, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 35.

, Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, 29 & 30 Vict. c*. 122. l , :^r > , , Amendment Act, 1869,. 32. & 33 Vict. c. 107.

§&*> 1878, 4l & 42 g^g

, , Supplemental Act, 1871 (Blackheath), 34 & 35 Vict. c. ly^*

, , , , * , 1871 (Shepherd's Bush)',: 34 & 35 Vic*

Ci Ixiifo

, , v ,V' ' J m 1872 (Hackney Commons), 35 & 36 Vict-

. c. xliii. , '*

» - I m - ft 1873' (Tooting Beck Common), 36 & 37

Vict. c. lxxxvi.

, Metropolitan Board of Works Act, 1874 (Finsbury. Park), 37 & 38 Vict. c. xcvii.

, Metropolitan Board of Works (Various Powers) Act, 1875 (Tooting,. Graveney Common, and Finsbury Park), 38 & 39 Vict. c. clxxix. s. 14.

, Hampstead Heath Act, 1871, 34 & 35 Vict. c. lxxvii.

, Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1877" (Clapham Common and B'ostall Heath), 40 & 41 "Vict. c. cci.

121

The Plumstead Common Act, 1878, 41 & 42 Vict. c. cxlv.

1 Wormwood Scrubs Act, 1879, 42 & 43 Vict. c. clx.

□ Metropolitan Commons Supplemental Act, 1881 (Brook Green, Eel Brook Conunon Ac.), 44 Vict. c. xviii.

Metropolitan Board of Works (Hackney Commons) Act, 1881, 44 A 45 Vict. c. cxlvii.

, Metropolitan Open Spaces Act, 1881, 44 A 45 Vict. c. 34.

, Various Powers Act, 1882 (Peckham Bye and Tooting Beck), 45 A 46 Vict. c. lvL

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to remove doubts as to the powers of the Secretary of State in relation to the altering, enlarging, rebuilding, and building of Prisons, and appropriating any Building for a Prison. [7th August 1884.]

TXT HERE AS under the Prison Act, 1865, every prison authority 28 & 29 Vict. SP" had power to alter, enlarge, or rebuild any of its prisons, and ®*126, to Build other prisons in lieu of or in addition to any subsisting prisons, if the necessity so to do was "shown, and the approval of the Secretary of State obtained, and the other conditions complied with, and doubts have arisen as to whether the Prison Act, 1877, 40 & 41 Vict. enables the Secretary of State to exercise the said power, and it is *c-21* expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by end with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as one with the Prison Act, 1877. Construction This Act may be cited as the Prison Act, 1884, and this Act and ^.sllort

the Prison Act, 1877, may be cited together as the Prison Acts, 1877 e"

and 1884.

2. — (1.)' The Secretary of State, with the approval of the Trea- Explanation Sluy, may alter, enlarge, or rebuild any prison, and build any new g^et^of prison which appears to be necessary, and for that purpose shall state to ea-haver all the powers conferred by the Prison Act, 1865, for the like large and purpose on a prison authority who had obtained the sanction of a pfecretary of State.

(2.) The Secretary of State, in lieu of building, may by such declaration as herein-after mentioned, appropriate as a prison any suitable building dr part of a, building vested in him or under his control, including any prison for convicts under the superintendence of the directors of convict prisons which is situate in England.

(3.) The Secretary of State may from time to time declare that any building or part of a building built for or appropriated as a prison in pursuance of this Act shall, and the same accordingly shall, be a prison under the Prison Act, 1865, and the Prison Act, 1877, and be within the jurisdiction of the Prison Commissioners, and be a prison for the county and prison jurisdiction named in the declaration such declaration may be at any time revoked by the Secretary of State, but while in force shall have full effect.

Provided that nothing in any such declaration shall alter the legal estate in any building.

Ch. 51, 52. Prison Ad, 1884. 47 & 48 W

(4.) Any act of the Secretary of State done before the passing m this Act, which if done after the passing of this Act would have be^ valid, shall be as valid as if it had been done in pursuance of tW Act.

f (5.) There shall be repealed sections twenty-three to twenty-nine both inclusive, of the Prison Act, 1865, without prejudice to any right acquired or liability incurred under those sections.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith. [7th August 1884.]

HERE AS it is expedient to continue for limited times some of the Acts herein-after specified, and to repeal others, and to make further provisions in respect to certain turnpike roads:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the > authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the First Schedule annexed hereto , shall continue in forcej .until the dates respectively specified in the , third column thereof, and no longer.

2. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the Second Schedule annexed hereto shall be repealed, on and after the dates respectively specified in the third column thereof.

3. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the Third Schedule annexed hereto shall, so far as the same are now in force, be repealed on and after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and all debts then remaining unpaid in respect of principal moneys borrowed on the credit of the tolls of the Ladykirk and Norham Bridge Trust under the Act of the session of the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-eight (local), together with all arrears of interest due in respect of such debts, shall thereupon be extinguished.

4. The Acts specified, in the first and second columns of the

Fourth Schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the

third column thereof, as from the date specified in the fourth column

thereof and subject to the modifications specified in the fifth column

thereof, continue in force until the first day of November one tb*?®*

sand eight hundred and ninety, and no longer.

Provided that the arrears of interest due in respect of any prim

cipal moneys charged or secured uppn the revenues of the

Bridge Trust, under the Ant of the session of the fifteenth year0*

the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-nine (local), a®®

remaining unpaid on the first day of November one thousand eight

hundred and eighty-four, shall thereupon be extinguished.

Schedule 5. 5. The Acts specified in the Fifth Schedule annexed hereto sh&lj

Acte relating be repealed on and after the first day of November one thoufiatm to the Shrews- *'

Schedule 1.

Schedule 2.

Schedule 3,

123

1884, An/rmcd Turnpike Acts Continuance Act3 1884. Ch. 52.

flight hundred and eighty-four, so far as they relate to the portions bury and of the road from Shrewsbury to Holyhead, which are situate in the Holyhead m counties of Denbigh and Merioneth, and that portion of the said road situate in the county of Carnarvon which lies between the boundary of the county at or near Fontfadoc Bridge, and the boundary of the county at or near Hendre Issa.

Provided that each of the several portions of the road in relation whereto the said Acts are repealed by this section shall upon such repeal become a main road within the meaning of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, and in conformity with and subject to the provisions of that Act one-half of the expenses incurred from and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four by the highway authority in the maintenance of such main road shall, as to every part thereof which is within the limits of any highway area, be paid to the highway authority of such area by the county authority.

6. The said Acts specified in the Fifth Schedule annexed hereto Schedule 5. shall, so far as they relate to the portion of the road in the county t^Shre^-of Carnarvon which is situate between the boundary of the county bury and at or near Bettws-y-coed and the Menai Bridge and the portion of Holyhead the road in the county of Anglesey, continue in force until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety. until Nor. l,

' Provided as follows: — * 1890, so far as

(1.) That from and after the first day of November one thousand 1 eight hundred and eighty-four the Commissioners by and under road.

whom the portions of the road specified in this section are now '. 'maintained and repaired shall be discharged from and shall " cease to carry into execution any of the trusts and powers vested in them in respect of the said portions of the road, and from and after the first day of November one thousand eight ‘' . hundred and eighty-four and until the first day of November ' one thousand eight hundred and ninety each of the said portions of the road shall be vested in the county authority of the county in which the same is situate, and such county authority shall, so far as regards the portion of the road transferred to them, have, exercise, and be subject to all the powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, obligations, and property, now exercisable by attaching to or vested in the said Commissioners in relation thereto.

(2.) That the tolls levied by the county authority shall be applied 'by them in repairing, maintaining, and improving the portion

* . of the road vested in them by this section, and in defraying

such other charges in connexion therewith as would, but for the passing of this Act, be payable by the Commissioners aforesaid.

(3.) That so far as the toll income and other receipts of the county

* authority in respect of the portion of the road vested in them 1 j by this section may, from time to time, be insufficient to defray

the expenses of the repair, and maintenance thereof, and other charges incident thereto, it. shall be lawful for the county authority to make good the deficiency out of the county rate.

1

124

Ch.521 Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Ac£, 1884. 47 & 48 Vic*

(4.) That the rentcharge of one hundred and six pounds per annum now payable to the Commissioners aforesaid by the London and North-western Railway Company, under the two hundred and seventy-ninth section of the Act of the seventh and eighth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter sixty-five (local), and the Chester and Holyhead Railway Act^ 1858, shall, from and after the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four be applied towards repairing and maintaining the portion of the road in the county of Anglesey, and the embankment mentioned in the said section, and shall, during the period between the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four and the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and ninety be paid to the county authority of the said county as the same shall become due. After the expiration of such period the said rentcharge shall be paid to the authority or authorities in the said county liable for the time being to repair and maintain the said portion of the said road or the said embankment.

(5.) That it shall not be necessary for the county authority to appoint a surveyor, clerk, or treasurer, under the powers vested in them by this section, but the duties of such officers shall, so far as may be necessary, be performed by the county surveyor, the clerk of the peace, and the county treasurer respectively. (6.) That any mortgage debt secured upon the revenues of the road from Shrewsbury to Holyhead, or any part thereof i& respect of which no interest has been claimed within ten years immediately preceding the passing of this Act shall together with the interest thereon be extinguished.

(7.) That for the purpose of enabling the letting ;by the county authority of Carnarvon or Anglesey of the tolls to be taken on the portion of the road transferred to them, and also of the turnpikes, tollhouses, and weighing-machines vested in them by virtue of this Act, to take effect as from the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, it shall be lawful for them previously to that date to enter into contracts for such letting of the tolls, turnpikes, tollhouses, and

weighing-machines, subject to the provisions of the sixty-fifth section of the Act first specified in the Fifth Schedule annexed hereto.

Up That it shall not,be necessary for the county authority t® comply with the requirements of the eighty-ninth section of the Act first specified in the Fifth Schedule annexed hereto; but the clerk of the peace of each of the counties of Anglesey and Carnarvon shall make an annual return to the Local Government Board of the receipts and expenditure of the county authority in respect of the portion of the road under their management, and the Local Taxation Returns Acts, 1860 and 1877, shall apply to such returns in like manner as if they were- specifically mentioned in the said Acts, and the said county authorities were mentioned as local authorities in the said Acts.

125

jgg4. Annual Turwpike Acts Contivma/nce Act, 1884. Ch. 52.

Nothing in this section shall be deemed to impose upon the county authority any liability in respect of any pension which has been or may hereafter be awarded to any officer of the said Com mis-doners.

% Whereas it appears that the portions of the road from Shrews- Power to bor-baiy to Holyhead, and the fences thereof, which are situate in the mw .moneJfor. JHmy of Anglesey and between the Menai Bridge and the certain por-boupfftry of the county of Carnarvon at or near Bettws-y-coed tions of are in many parts out of repair, and considerable sums of money will be required to put the same into an efficient state of repair: ^ad. °y AUd whereas it is expedient that the county authorities should be empowered under certain conditions to borrow money for this purpose: Be it enacted, that each of the county authorities of Anglesey and Carnarvon may, with the consent of the Local Government Board and within two years from the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, borrow, under and subject to the provisions of the Local Loans Act, 1875, on mortgage of the tolls to be taken upon the portion of the road vested in such jounty authority or of the county rate or of both, such sum as may be required for the purpose aforesaid. Any sum so borrowed shall be repayable together with interest within such period as the Local ^pvernment Board may approve, not exceeding six years from the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, and any 'such sum may be repaid by means of a sinking fund.

8. ' Terms used in the, fifth, sixth, and seventh sections of this Act interpretation, shall have the same meaning as in the Highways and Locomotives ^Amendment), Act, 1878.

9. The Acts specified in the first and second columns of the Schedules.

Sixth Schedule annexed hereto shall, to the extent specified in the

third column thereof, 'continue in force until the dates respectively 'specified in the fourth column thereof, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

10. All other Acts now in force for regulating, making, amend- Continuance of ing, or repairing any turnpike road which will expire at or before ,^®^Tnrn' the end ‘of the next session of Parliament shall continue in force p

until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five and to the end of the then next session of Parliament, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides; but this section shall not affect any Act continued to a specified date and no longer, or any Act which is to be repealed at a specified time.

U. This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Ireland. Extent of Act.

12 This Act may.be cited for all purposes as the Annual Turn- Short title, pike Acts Continuance Act, 1884

126

Ch. 52. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884. 47 &

8%

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULES 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Schedule. | No-°Uct.

Derby, <. - 1 Birkin Lane - - I 1 9 I 10 20 19''..

Gloucester Sheffield and Chapel-en-le-Frith Tupton and Ashover - Haw Bridge ---- 1 1 4

Tewkesbury, Severn Bridge - - - 4

Hants - r i Winchester Road 1 7. -'

Kent Folkestone and Barham - 1 I g

Lancaster Dryclough, Shaw, and Rochdale 2 lg qS

Manchester and Ashton-under-Lyne - 1 4

Manchester and Salter's Brook - 1 a, 2

Leicester * Loughborough to Ashby de la Zouch and 2 !2, li, ig,

Monmouth Cavendish Bridge (United). Abergavenny - - - 1 , 11

Northumberland Greenlaw Roads and Coldstream Bridge 3,- 18

Ladykirk and Norham Bridge 8; 17

Notts - >_ Retford and Gainsborough - 1 H

Sussex - - New Chappel, Lindfield, and Brighton , Ferrybridge and Boroughbridge < l.v; | 8

York - T | 3

Anglesey jgjgg

Carnarvon Denbigh V-Shrewsbury and Holyhead (part) - 1 5 ffl 22, 123,24

Merioneth J

Flint.; Flint, Holywell, and Mostyn « .2 vi I4.g

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance,

and no longer.

— .Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. i Si Date to which Act is to continue in force.*

7 Geo. 4. o. xvi. « , 1. An Act for more effectually repairing and 1 November 1884,

3 'Will. 4. c. lvii; - improving the roads from Manchester in the county palatine of Lancaster to Salter's Brook, in the county palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining several extensions or diversions of road, and a new branch of road to communicate therewith.; ill uj -ioa^jr.

i 2. An Act to amend bn Act passed in the 1 November 1884,

seventh year of the reign of His. late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the roads from Manchester to Salter's Brook, and for making several roads to communicate therewith, and also for making a certain new extension or 1 diversion of the Baid roads instead of a 1 certain extension or diversion by the said 1 Act authorised to be made. and no longer.

127

$46 Vict. e. lxxxvi.

14 Vict. c. xli.

24 Vict. c. vi.

25 Vict. c. vi.

25 Vict. c. adi.

25 & 26 Vict. c. iix.

25 & 26 Vict. c. cxxxiv.

28%t.O,liX

3. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the road leading from Ferrybridge, through Wetherby, to Borough-bridge in the county of York.

4. An Act to continue the term of the Act of the sixth year of George the Fourthl chapter fifty-one (local), so far as relates to the turnpike road between Manchester and Audenshaw in the parish of Ashton under-Lyne, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, and to make better provision

- for the repair of the road; and for other purposes.

5. An Act to repeal the Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from the west end of Gainsburgh Bridge to East Retford, and to Grigley-on the-ffill in the county of Nottingham, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

6. An Act for extending the term and amend-

ing the provisions of the Acts relating to the Folkestone to Barham Downs turnpike road in the county of Kent..

Date to which Act is to continue in force.

1 November 1884, and no longer.

1 November 1884, and no longer.

1 November 1884, and no longer.

November 1884, and no longer.

7. An Act for the Winchester Road in the county of Southampton.

8.. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the New Chappel, Lindfield and Brighton, and DitcheUng and Clayton Roads, and to , make other provisions in lieu thereof.

9. An Act to repeal the Ant " for repealing two Acts for repairing the road from Little Sheffield in the county of York to Sparrow Pit Gate in the county of Derby, and also an Act for making a road from Banner Cross in the West Riding of the county of York to Fox House in the county of Derby, and for consolidating the trusts of certain roads mentioned in the said Acts, and for amending and making certain other roads to communicate therewith, and for other purposes; " and to make other provisions in lien thereof.

1 November 1884, and no longer.

1 November 1884, and no longer.

1 November 1884, and no longer.

10. An Act for more I effectually repairing / 1 November 1884, certain roads called " The Tupton and and no longer. Ashover Road," and " The Birkin Lane Road," in the county of Derby.,

11. An Act to, continue the Abergavenny 1 November 1885, Turnpike Trust, excepting certain roads; and no longer, and for other purposes.

128 Ch. 52. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884.47 & 48Yic>

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to he repealed on and after the dates specified in each instance

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act. 3. Date of ltepeal.

1 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. lxxiv. 1 . i | 12. An Act for more effectually repairing the road from the south-east end of the town of Loughborough, in the county of Leicester, commencing at South Field Lane, to the south end of Cavendish Bridge, in the same county. 25 March 1885.

1 Will. 4. c. lxvii. -SsKl 13. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and otherwise improving the road from the south-east end of the town of Loughborough, in the county of Leicester, commencing at South Field Lane, to the south end of Cavendish Bridge, in the same county. 25 March 1885.

26 Vict. c. xxx. 14. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the several roads comprised in the Flint, Holywell, and Mostyn districts of roads; and for reviving and extending the powers for the construction of certain new roads; and for other purposes. 1 November 1884.

26 Vict. c. liii. - 1 15. An Act for repairing the road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in Loughborough, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the county of Leicester, and also the road branching out of the said road at Coleorton Church to Rempstone, in the counties of Leicester and Nottingham. 25 March 1885.

29 Vict. c. xxi. - 16. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act i for improving and maintaining the road 1 from Dryclough through Shaw, New Hey, and Milnrow to Rochdale, and other roads in the county of Lancaster, and to grant more effectual powers in lieu thereof; and for other purposes. 1 November 1884.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Acts which, so far as the same are now in force, are to he repealed on and after the 1st of September 1884.

l.

Date of Act.

2.

Title of Act.

1 & 2 Vict. c. lxviii.

9 "Vict. c. xlvi.

17. An Act for building a bridge over the River Tweed between Ladvkirk, in the county of Berwick, and Nor bam, in the county 0 Durham, and for making avenues and approaches thereto. of

18. An Act for maintaining the road from Deanburn, in the count# Haddington, through Greenlaw, in the county of Berwick, to ffiSj, hill, in the county of Durham, with branches from Carfrae

I through Lauder, from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from 1 stream to Mount Pleasant, all in the county of Berwick; and 1 maintaining the bridge over the River Tweed at Coldstream.

Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884. Ch. 52.

129

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which are to continue in force, subject to modifications, until the 1st November 1890, and no longer.

l.

Date of Act.

13 & 14 Vict. c. lxvi.

15 Vict. c. lix,

2.

Title of Act.

19. An Act for continuing the term of an Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for building a bridge over the River Severn at or near to the Mythe Hill, within the parish and near to the town of Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester, to the opposite side of the said river, in the parish of Bushley, in the county of Worcester, and for making convenient roads and avenues to communicate with such bridge, within the counties of Gloucester and Worcester, and of another Act passed in the seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the powers and provisions of an Act relating to the Tewkesbury Severn Bridge and Roads, for the purpose of paying off the debt now due on the said bridge and roads.

20. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Acts relating to the Haw Passage Bridge in the county of Gloucester.

Extent to which the Act is continued.

Dates from which Modifications are to commence or be continued.

Modifications.

So far as the Act relates to the bridge over the River Severn at or near the Mythe Hill.

The date of the passing of the Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884.

No interest payable. No return toll to be taken for horses drawing.

The entire Act

November

1884.

No interest payable. Not less than 60/. to be expended in painting the bridge before 1 October 1885.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Acts which, so far as they relate to certain portions of the road from Shrewsbury to Holyhead, are to continue in force until the 1st day of November 1890, and which, so far as they relate to other portions of the said road, are to be repealed on the 1st day of November 1884.

1. Date of Act. 2. Title of Act.

59 Geo. 3. c. 30 21. An Act for vesting in Commissioners the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon, and for discharging the trustees under several Acts of the seventeenth, twenty-eighth, thirty-sixth, forty-first, forty-second, forty-seventh, and fiftieth years of His present Majesty, from the future repair and maintenance thereof; and for altering and repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said line of road.

1. 2.

Date of Act. Title of Act.

59 Geo. 3. c. 48

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 21

3 & 4 Vict. c. 104

22. An Act to amend an Act passed in the fifty-fifth year of His present Majesty for granting to His Majesty the sum of twenty thousand pounds towards repairing roads between London and 1 Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by

I Shrewsbury, and for giving additional powers to the Commis.

I sioners therein named to build a bridge over the Menai Straits,

1 and to make a new road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead,' in the 1 county of Anglesea.

I 23. An Act to amend and alter an Act of the fifty-ninth year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for vesting in Commissioners the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the county of Carnarvon; and for discharging the trustees under several Acts of the seventeenth, twenty-eighth,

I thirty-sixth, forty-first, forty-second, forty-seventh, and fiftieth I years of His then present Majesty, from the future repair and maintenance thereof; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said line of road.

- 24. An Act to transfer to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Works, and other Commissioners, the several powers now vested in the Commissioners for repairing the line of road from Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to Bangor Ferry, in the 1 county of Carnarvon; and to amend the London and Holyhead 1 Hoads Acts, so far as relates to the Dunstable Hoad.

SCHEDULE 6.

Acts which, to the extent specified, are to continue in force until the dates specified in each instance and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides.

County. Name of Trust. No. of Act-

Cambridge Thornset - - ? ., U! , - 12

Cornwall Penzance and Saint Just - . _ 10

Derby - - Aehborne to Belper Bridge- - ... 7

Devon - - - Cromford and Belper - - -Combmartin and Ilfracombe - . - 17 20

Durham - - Derwent and Shotley Bridge - 19

Gloucester Forest of Dean - . - . i . 1

Lancaster Blackburn and Preston - 3

Leicester Elton and Blackburn -Moses Gate: Ringley District -Standedge and Oldham and Branches -Moira and Gresley - - . 6 "^-18 11 14

Northumberland North Shields and Newcastle-on-Tyne - n

Salop - 1 - Wemand Bronygarth, First District - - -4, 9 8 16 2 13

York' .» - Denbigh - - - . Merioneth - . Leeds and Birstal - . - -Mytholmroyd and Blackstone Edge -LlanrwHt and Abergele - - -' J Portmadoc and Beaverpool Bridge -

Montgomery - 1 Cilgwrgan Bettws and Tregynon - '

1884.

Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884. Ch. 52.

131

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

i.

Date of Act.

21 & 22 Vict. c. lxxxvi.

22 & 23 Vict. c. lxxviii.

22 & 23 Vict. c. xciii.

23 Vict. c. viii.

. 2. 3. 4.

Extent to which Date to which Act

Title of Act. . Act is continued. is continued.

1. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Dean Forest Turnpike Roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof, and to authorise the construction of a new road, and for other purposes.

2. An Act for making a road from Llanrwst to Abergele, and a branch j road thereout, in the counties of Denbigh and Caernarvon.

3. An Act for continuing the term and amending and extending the provisions of the Act relating to the Blackburn and Preston Turnpike Road, and for constructing a bridge over the River Ribble in connexion therewith; and for other purposes.

4. An Act for more effectually repairing the road leading from Wem I to the Lime Rocks at Bronygarth in the county of Salop, and for making several lines of road connected with the same in the counties J of Salop and Denbigh.

The entire Act 1 November 1891.

The entire Act /1 November 1885

The entire Act 1 November 1890.

23 & 24 Vict. c. cviii.

24 Vict. c. xx.

So far as relates to the First District of the Roads, and theroad numbered two of the Second District.

The entire Act

1 November 1894.

1 November 1891.

The entire Act 1 November 1887.

25 & 26 Vict. c: ciii.

25 & 26 Vict. c. cxvii.

J 5. An Act for making a turnpike road | from the Oswestry and Newtown Railway, near Cilgwrgan, in the county of Montgomery, over the River Severn to Tregynon, in the same county.

6. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the tenth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining in repair the road from Brandlesome Moss Gate, in the township of Elton, to the Duke of York Public House, in the township of Blackburn, and a branch road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to make other provisions in lieu thereof.

7. An Act to continue the Ashborne and | The entire Act /1 November 1888. Belper Turnpike Trust, in the county of Derby, and for other purposes.

8. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the first year of the reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from and out of the road leading from Quebec in Leeds, to Homefield Lane End in Wortley, to communicate with the road leading from

T 9-

The entire Act 11 November 1888.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

3.

Extent to which Act is continued.

Date to which Aa| is continued.

25 & 26 Vict.

C.CXXX.

Huddersfield to Birstal at the " Coach and Horses" public house in Birstal, in the West Riding of the county of York, and granting more effectual powerB in lieu thereof.

9. An Act to amend "The Wem and Bronygarth Roads Act, 1860," and to confer further powers in relation to the said roads.

So far as relates to the First District of I the roads, and I the road numbered two of the Second District.

26 Vict. c. xxvii.l 10. An Act for making a turnpike Th^entir^t road from Penzance to Saint Just in Penwith in the county of Cornwall, with branches, and for the adoption, alteration, and improvement, for the purposes thereof, of certain public highways; and for other purposes.

26 & 27 Vict. 11. An Act to repeal an Act passed in The entireAct cl. the seventh and eighth years of the

reign of His Majesty Bing George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Standedge in Saddleworth in the county of York, to Oldham in the county of Lancaster, and other roads in the said county of York, and for making and maintaining two new branches to communicate therewith, and granting more effectual powers in lien thereof; and for other purposes.

12. An Act to extend the term and amend the provisions of the Act relating to the Thornset Turnpike Roads.

13. An Act for the Portmadoc and Beaver Pool Bridge Turnpike Roads in the counties of Merioneth and Carnarvon.

14. An Act for more effectually repairing certain roads from Scaddow Gate in the parish of Ticknall, to the Bnrton-upon-Trent and Ashby Boad, and other roads connected therewith, and for making new branches of road, in the counties of Derby and Leicester; and for other purposes.

27 & 28 Vict. 1 15. An Act for repairing the road from c,cu"' *^®lNorth Shields in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other purposes.

1 November 189

1 November'

1 November 1885.

27 & 28 Vict. c. xxxvii.

27 & 28 Vict. c. liv.

. 27 & 28 Vict. . c. lxx.

The entire Act

The entire Act

The entire Act

The entire Act

1 November'

1 November 1886.

1 November'

1 November 1

133

1884. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1884. Ch. 52, 53.

27 & 28 Vict c. civ.

28 & . 29 Vict. c. cxliv.

28 & 29 Vict. c. cccxxxvi.

29 Vict. c. vii.

29 & 30 Vict. c. cxvi.

16. An Act to grant a further term in the road from or near Mytholm Royd Bridge in the West Riding of the county of York, communicating with the road at or near to the sixth milestone from Brochdale in the county of Lancaster, and further powers for the management thereof; to alter the rights of the existing creditors of the trust, and to repeal the existing Act, and for other purposes.

17. An Act to extend the term and amend the provisions of the Act relating to the Cromford and Bel-per Turnpike Road.

18. An Act to repeal the Act relating I to the Moses Gate and Ringley branch Turnpike Roads, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof; and to authorise new works; and for other purposes.

19. An Act for repairing the road from the Gateshead and Hexham Turnpike Road at or near to Axwell | Park Gate on the River Derwent in the township of Winlaton, in the parish of Ryton, in the county of Durham, to the village of Shotley Bridge in the said county of Durham.

20. An Act for making and maintaining a new road between Combmartin and Ilfracombe, both in the county of Devon.

The entire Act 1 November 1886.

The entire Act

So far as relates to the Bingley branch.

The entire Act

1 November 1887.

11 November 1887.

1 November 1888.

The entire Act

1 November 1888.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to continue various expiring Laws.

[7th August 1884.} VI WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this Act are, to the extent specified in column two of that schedule, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of such Acts, and of the enactments amending the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, short title-1884.

Continuance 2. The Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule to this

sched^e1 Act, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, shall, to the

extent in column two of the said schedule mentioned, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five and any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner.

SCHEDULE.

1*

Original Acts.

Amending Acts.

5 & 6 Win. 4. c. 27. Linen, Hempen, Cotton, and other Manufactures (Ireland).

| (2)

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89L Poor Sates, Stock in Trade Exemption.

'; M! " ® M

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35. Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commissioners (now Land Commissioners).

M

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. Application of Highway Hates to Turnpike Hoads.

(Bi)

10 & 11 Vict. o. 32. Landed Property Improvement (Ireland).-

The whole Act so far as.it is not .repealed.

Ecclesias-

County Cess

(6)

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. tical Jurisdiction.

(7)

11 & 12 Vict. o. 32.

(Ireland).

sly

14 & 15 Vict. 104., Episcopal

and Capitular Estates Manage-, ment.

(9)

17 & 18 Vict. 9.102. Corrupt Practices PreveUtion. i

j | . ImM

23 St 24 Vict. o. 19. Dwellings for Labouring ClasBes(frelana).

The whole Act.

So much as relates to the appointment of and the period for holding office by L&nd Commissioners and other officers.

The whole Act.

As to powers of Commissioners

As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50C '

The whole Act -

The whole Act so far as it;is not repealed.

So much as is 'continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.; ,

The whole Act.

3 .& 4 7ict. c. 91. (except ss. 18 and 23). 5 & 0 Vict. c. 68.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 47.

30 & 31 Vict.c, 60.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 73. 45 & '46 Vict. c.'i s. 48.

12 & 13 Vict. 0. 69.

13 & 14 Vict. c;‘3l. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 29. 29 & 30 Vict. e. 40.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 7.

17 & 18 Vict. c. XJi

21 & 22 Vict. 10,(94.

22 & 28 Vict. c. 46.

23 & 24 Vict. 0.124* 31 & 32 Vict. c. I14'

. s. 10.

26 & 27 Vi3- <s,29;

31 & 32 Vioil. 6.18V 46 & 47 Vict,-o.f6h?-'

l.

Original Acts.

(11) I

24 & 25 Vict. e. 109. Salmon Fishery (England).

(3.2) ;

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. Promissory Notes.

(13)

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. Promissory Notes and Bills of ! Exchange (Ireland).

(I*)

28 & 29 Vict. c, 461 Militia Ballots Suspension, j

r* — (15)

28 &TJ9 Vict. o.83. Locomotivesl on; Roads.

I (16)

29 & 30 Vict. e. 52. Prose cutibn , Expenses.

I (17)

& 3% Vict. c. 125. . Parliamentary Elections.

32Jfc 83' Vict. c. 21. Election i);G,(^jtmiissioners Expenses.

I (19) '-;

32;& 33; Vict. e./ 5ft.. | .Endowed iSchoolsi(SchenjLes), v

2.

How far continued.

Amending Acts.

As to appointment of inspectors, s. 31.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

- (20)

34 & 85 vict. p. , 87.. ^Sunday /; Observance Prosecutions.

(21)

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot).

(22)

36-& 37 Vict. mi 48.- Regulation ' bf Railways.

*".(23) j

38 '& 39 Vict. o. 48. Poliob Expenses.

.1 ,(24)i- '

8 & 39 Vict., e.. 84. Returning , Officers Expenses.

.J I HI (25).

39 k 40 Vict. c.-, 21. Juries (Ireland).

BSP! (26) .

H & 42 Vict. o. 41. Returmng Officers Expenses (Scotland).

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

The whole Act.

,So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The whole Act -

As to the powers of making schemes, and as to the payment . of the salaries of additional Charity Commissioners and additional Secretary.

The whole Act.

The whole Act. so far, a$ it is not repealed.

The whole Act The wheile Act. The whole Act. The whole Act, The whole Act..

41 & 42 Vict. c. 58.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.) I

42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 87.

45, & 46 Vict. c. 50..

(Municipal Elec- tions.)

37. & ,38 Vict. c. 40. (Part H.)

Continuance 2. The Acts mentioned in column one of the schedule ho this

sclwMe1 Act, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, shall; to the

extent in column two of the said schedule mentioned, be continued until the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five and any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner.

SCHEDULE.

Original Acts.

,2.

How far continued.

Amending Aots.

S hw,.,.. y/M £

5 & 6 "Will. 4 c. 27. Linen, Hempen, Cotton, and other Manufactures (Ireland).

m

3 & 4 Vict. c. 891 Poor Hates, Stock in Trade Exemption.

mftm ft

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35., Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commissioners (now Land Commissioners).

.. (4)

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. Application of. Highway Hates to Turnpike Hoads.

W

10 & 11 Vict. o. 32. Landed Property-Improvement (Ireland).

The. whole JLctso far as.it is not repealed. '

The whole Act.

So much as relates to the appointment of and the period for holding office by Land Commissioners and other officers.

The whole Act.

As to powers of Commissioners

3 .& 4 vict. c. 91., (ex-' . cept ss. 18 and 23). 5 '& 6 Vict. c. 68.

7 & 8 Victi-c. 47.r 'i 30 & 31 yich.c,'60.

14 & l'5 Vict. c. 53. ll 25 & 26 Vict. c. 73.

45 & 146 Vict c. 38. s. 48.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. tical Jurisdiction.

(?)

11 A12 Vict. c. 32. (Ireland).

Ecclesias-

County Cess

(8):r 14 & 15 Vict c. 104, Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management.

(9)

17 & 18 Vict. 9.102. Corrupt Practices Prevention.

<ii':

23 & 24 Vict. 0. 19. Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland)

As to provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict c. 50.

The whole Act -

12 & 13 Vict c. 59.

13 & 14 Vict. cr3t 25 & 26 Vict. c. 29. 29 A 30 Vict. 0.40-

I 20 A 21 Vict. c. M

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The whole Act.

17 A 18-Viqt C. 1J6', 21 A 22 VM-'c-?r 22.A23Vi6tc.4tv 23 & 24 Vict.

31 & 82 Vict. c. ||

. .. S. 10. ;

26 &27y$- 6(29-s;T 31" & 32 Vict A 46 & 47 Vict/O.1

i.

Original Acts.

How far continued.

Amending Acts.

(11) I

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. Salmon Fishery (England).

(12) ,

26 A 27 Vict. o. 105. Promissory Notes.

(13)

27 A 28 Vict. c. 20. Promissory Notes and Bills of ‘Exchange (Ireland).

. - . (14)

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46J Militia

Ballots Suspension, j

"7 ~ (15)

28 A}59 Vict. o. 83. Locomotives on, Roads.

(16)

29 & 30 Vict. 0.52. Prosecution . Expenses.

(17)

31 A 32 Vict. c. 125. . Parliamentary Elections.

32:A 83 Vict. o. 21. Election h Commissioners Expenses.

32. A 33, Vict. c., 56.. Endowed '^choolft (Schemes).

As to appointment of inspectors, s. 31.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far as it is not repealed.

The whole Act.

So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

The whole Act - - -

(20)

34 A 85 Vict. . c., 87-.,. j, Sunday i"Observance Prosecutions.

mss (21)

35 A 36 Vict. o. 33. Parliamentary and Municipal Elections

/(Ballot).

; V? % Y;(22) f 36-A 37 Vict.; Q. 48.- Regulation, of Railways.

*> ‘ ,(23)

3° A 39 Vict. c. 48. Police ' Expenses.

38 A 39 Vict., e. 84. Returning, Officers Expenses.

(25)

33 A 40 Yio,t.. c./ 21. Juries (Iceland).

il (26)

*1_A 42 Vict. c. 41. Returning

Officers Expenses (Scotland).

As to the powers of making schemes, and as to the payment, of the salaries of additional Charily Commissioners and additional Secretary.

The whole Act.

The whole Act so far ag it is not repealed.

The whole Act -

The whole Act.

The whole Act,

The whole Act.

The whole Act..

41 & 42 Vict. c. 58. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77 (Part II.) ,

42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 87.

45. A 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections.)

37 .& 38 Vict. c. 40. (Part II.)

Ch. 53,54. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1884. 47 & 4$ y

1. Original Acts. 2. How far continued. 3. Amending Acts.

(27) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 72. Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland). The whole Act.

(28) 43 Vict. c. 18. Parliamentary Elections. (29) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 35. Diseases Prevention, Metropolis. The whole Act so far as it is not repealed. The whole Act.

(30) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. Corrupt and ' Illegal'Practices Prevention. The whole Act. —

m

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to consolidate and amend the law relating to the Registration of Deeds and other matters affecting lands and hereditaments within the North, East, and West Ridings of the County of York. [7th August 1884.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of the Acts mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act register offices have been established for the registration of deeds, conveyances, wills, incumbrances, and other matters affecting lands and hereditaments within the three ridings of the county of York, and the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull:

And whereas it is expedient to . consolidate and amend the said Acts:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.,

Commence- 2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January

ment o£ Act one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, which day is in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act, but any orders & rules and any appointment to any office may be made under tru? Act at any time after the passing thereof, but such orders or rules shall not take effect until the commencement of this Act.

Interpretation.

3. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

The expression I north riding " means the north riding of county of York;

The expression " east riding " means the east riding of the couu; of York, and for the purposes of this Act lands within the or county of Kingston-upon-Hull shall be deemed to be I*® within the east riding;

137

igg4. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

The expression " west riding " means the west riding of the P, county of York, and for the purposes - of this Act lands within the wapentake known as " the Ainsty " shall he deemed to he , lands within the west riding ;

The expression " the three ridings " means the north riding, the east riding, and the west riding as above defined;

The expression " county authority " means, as respects each of the ridings, the justices of the peace of the said riding in general or quarter sessions assembled ;

The< expression " county rate " includes any rate in the nature of a county rate which the county authority may have power to s. levy for purposes similar to those for which a county rate may now be levied;

The expression " existing Registry Acts " means the Acts specified in the First Schedule to this Act annexed;

The.expressions "existing registry" and "existing registrar" mean the registry and registrar for the purposes of the existing Registry Acts within the ridings respectively immediately before tv' the commencement of this Act;

The; expression " registrar" shall for the purpose of the discharge of any duties imposed on any registrar by this Act include any deputy registrar who under the provisions of this Act or under any provisions of any of the existing Registry Acts for the time being in force is empowered to perform any such duties;

The expression " land " includes land and tenements and hereditaments, corporeal or incorporeal, and houses and other build-J'~ ings, and also an undivided share in land;

The expression " parish " means any parish, township, or place for which a separate poor rate can be made;

The expression " conveyance " includes any assignment, appointment, lease, or settlement made by deed on a sale, mortgage, demise, or settlement of any land or appointment of a new , trustee in respect thereof, which has been executed by one or more of the parties by whom any interest in such land is thereby conveyed;

The expression " mortgage " includes any charge on any land for securing money or money's worth, and any transfer of a mortgage;

; The expression " enlargement of term into fee simple" means any - enlargement of the residue of a term subsisting in any land into

a fee simple made by deed in pursuance of the Conveyancing 44 & 45 vict. and Law of Property Act, 1881, or any Act or Acts amending c. 41. the same;

The expression " memorandum of charge" shall' include any memorandum of a lien or charge on any land which may be registered under the provisions of this Act;

The expression " statutory receipt " means any receipt the endorsement of which under any statute on any conveyance by way of mortgage vacates the same and transfers any estate in the property therein comprised without any re-conveyance;

I The expression " will " includes codicil;

The expression " probate " means the probate of any will or any letters of administration with the will annexed, or a copy

138

*27 & 28 Vict. c. 114. thereof stamped with the sehl of the Prpbate Division of tb High Court of Justice, or a certified office copy thereof; > - I The expression "award of the Land Commissioners " means any award made by the Land Commissioners for England under any of the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1876, or any Act or Acts amend, ing the same; The expression "order of the Land Commissioners" means an absolute order of the Land Commissioners for England, whereby a rentcharge is created on land in pursuance of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, or any Act or Acts amending the same; The expression "order of a court" means any judgment, decree, writ of execution or sequestration, adjudication in bankruptcy, or other order or process of , or issuing from a court of competent jurisdiction orany order of the Charity Commissioners whereby any interest in any land is or may be affected; The expressions assurance " shall include any1 conveyance, enlarge* . ment of term into fee simple, memorandum of charge, deed of consent to the discharge of a trustee, statutory receipt, Private Act of Parliament, award or order of /the Land Commissioners, order of a court, certificate of appointment of trustee in bankruptcy, or affidavit of vesting under any Act of Parliament.

Assurances and 'wills may be registered. Registration. 4. Prom and after the commencement of this Act, and subject to the provisions of this Act and any rules made under this Act, all assurances executed or made after the commencement of, this Act,

Mode registration. and' all wills of any testators dying after the commencement of this Act, by which any lands within any of the three ridings are affected may be registered under this Act. 5.; The registration of any assurance, will, orv,other instrument under this Act, shall be effected in the following manner s (1.) There shall .be presented for enrolment in the register-r 11 fM (a.)" In the case of, deeds, wills, or other assurances which may be registered under this Act, .except private Acts 0* Parliament or memoranda of charge, or affidavits of vesting; under any Act of Parliament, a memorial thereof prepaid in accordance with the provisions of this Act and anyrnl®8 H made .thereunder, or.such deed, will, or other assurance88 .% | | aforesaid, at full length at the option of the person regis^1* ing the same; , (b.) In the case of a private Act of Parliament, a .Queelj Printer's copy of such Act, or a memorial thereof prePar8<J , -|n accordance with ,the provisions, of this Act* andi rules made -thereunder; . (c.) In the case of any memorandum of charge, caveat^0 Ia or affidavit which may be registered.,under this memorandum, caveat*tpbtice, or affidavit at.fuff length? t jg I Immediately on receipt of,any instrument qx .memorial tb®re? presented for enrolment in the register an entry he in a book of reference, to be, kept for that purpose, sejtt^ forth — , F (*-) The date of the instrument.

139

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

(1.) In the case of a deed, the names of the parties.

1(2.) In the case of a will, the name of the testator.

(3.) In the case of an order of court or certificate of appointment of trustee in bankruptcy, the title of the cause or matter wherein the same purports to be made, and the names of the parties thereto, if any.

(4.) In the case of a private Act of Parliament, the title of the Act.

(5.) In the case of an order of the Land Commissioners, the name of the landowner whose lands are charged. (6.) In the case of an award of the Land Commissioners, the names of the persons in whose favour the award is made.

(7.) In the case of a memorandum of charge, the name of the landowner whose lands are charged.

(8.) In the case of a caveat, the names of the persons by and in: whose favour the same is given.

1,(9.) In the case of a notice of a will the names of the testator, and of the person by whom such notice is given.

(10.) In the case of an affidavit of intestacy, the names r , of the deceased and of the deponent, up : (11.) In the case of an affidavit of vesting, the title of the Act of Parliament under which such vesting has been effected, and the name of the deponent.'

; (c.) The names of &11 the parishes in which the lands affected Star! .by such instrument are situate.

h':rp9 (j>.) The volume, page, and number of the register where ' such instrument or memorial thereof is, or is intended to be. enrolled. ;

(e.) The date, hour, and minute When such instrument or memorial thereof was received at the office fot the ) purpose : r of registration. "

And upon such entry being duly made, such instrument shall be deemed to have been registered under this Ac£, and the date, y -hoair, and minute so entered as aforesaid shall be deemed for all purposes to be the date of registration, provided that if such entry be duly made in Respect of part only of the lands affected i by any such instrument, such instrument shall as to the lands ' with respect to which su!ch entry has been duly made, but not as to, the residue (of the lands affected thereby, be deemed to have been registered under this Act: Provided that if such '^instrument shall afterwards be registered as to the omitted d^nds, a note of such' registration and of the date thereof shall be made in the' book of reference, and such registration shall -'‘thenceforth be valid and effectual as to such omitted lands.

(&) As soon as conveniently may be after the 'presentation of any r instrument or memorial thereof for enrolment in the mgister, such instrument or memorial thereof shall be duly enrolled in the register anS the volume, page, and number of the register where the same is sb enrolled, shall correspond with the entry made or to be made in the book of. reference relating h> such instrument, and an entry shall be made in the margin

140

Memorials.

of the register opposite any instrument or memorial thereof so it enrolled of the date of registration.

6. Except so far as may be otherwise expressly provided by this Act, or by any rules to be made under this Act, the memorials of all assurances or wills which are enrolled in the register under this Act I shall be subject to the following regulations:

(1.) In the case of a deed the memorial shall be under the hand; I and seal of some or one of the parties thereto, or of some or I one of their or his heirs, executors, administrators, guardians, I or trustees, and shall be attested by one or more witnesses, one [ of whom at least shall have been a witness to the execution of 11 the deed, and shall contain —

(a.) The date of the deed:

(B.) The name and description of the residence and occupa- | lion of all the parties to the deed so far as set out therein: j I (c.) The names and descriptions of the residences and occn- j pations of all the witnesses to the execution of the deed so I far as appears therein:

(d.) A description of all the lands affected by the deed I within the riding, and the names of all the parishes wherein I the same are situate, in such manner as the same are I expressed or mentioned in such deed, or to the same effect: j I (E.) The name and description of the residence and occu- I pation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to be registered.

(2.) In the case of a will the memorial shall be under the hand I and seal of one of the trustees or executors of the said will, or of some one or more persons claiming an interest thereunder in some of the lands affected thereby within the riding, and I shall be attested by one or more witnesses, and shall contain — j (A.) The date of the will:

(b.) The date of the death of the testator:

(C.) The name and description of the residence and occupa- j tion of the testator so far as set out in the will:

(d.) The names and descriptions of the residences and occupations of all the witnesses to such will so far as appears therein:

. (e.) A description of all the lands affected by the will within the lading, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate, so far and in such manner as the same I are expressed or mentioned in the will or to the same effect:

(f.) The name and description of the residence and occupa- j tion of the person on" whose behalf the memorial is to he registered.

(3.) In the. case of an order of a court or a certificate of appoint- j ment of trustee in bankruptcy the memorial shall be under j the hand and seal of some party claiming to be interested in.some lands affected thereby within' the riding, and shall j contain —

(a.) The date of the order or certificate;

(b.) The title of the cause or matter wherein the same purports to be made;

141

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

a? (C.) The names of the parties (if any) to such cause or matter;

(D.) So much of the order or certificate itself as affects any .-j lands within the riding or describes or defines such lands;

(e.) The name and description of the residence and oecu-p. pation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to be registered.

Mf) In the case of a Private Act of Parliament the memorial shall be under the hand and seal of some party claiming to be interested in some lands affected thereby within the riding, and shall contain —

: (a.) The date and title of the Act:

(b.) So much of the Act itself as affects any lands within the riding or describes or defines such lands:

(' (c.) The name and description of the residence and occu-. pation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to be registered.

(5.) In the case of. an award of the Land Commissioners the memorial shall be under the hand and seal of some party claiming to be interested in some lands affected thereby within the riding, and shall contain —

< (a.) The date of the award, i (b.) The names of all the persons in whose favour the award is made.

»; (&) A description of all the. lands affected by the award within the riding, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate.

(d.) The name and description of, the residence and occupation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to be registered.

(6.) In the case of an order of the Land Commissioners the memorial shall be under the hand and seal of some party claiming to be interested in some lands affected thereby within the riding, and shall contain —

: (a.) The date of the order:

- (b.) The name , and description of the residence and occupation of the landowner whose lands are charged thereby: jfc (c.) The particulars of the lands charged within the riding:

The amount of the rentcharge:

(e.) The period during which the same is made payable.

(f.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person on whose behalf the memorial is to . be registered.

7. Where any lien or charge on any lands within any of the Memorandum three ridings is claimed in respect of any unpaid purchase money Uen or °r by reason of any deposit of title deeds, a memorandum of such c arge‘ hen or charge, signed by the person against whom such lien or charge is claimed, may be registered by any person claiming to be ^terested therein.

Every such memorandum shall state -

(a.) The date from which such lien or charge is claimed;

(b.) The name and:description of the residence and occupation of the landowner whose lands are charged therewith;

(c.) A description of all the lands within the riding affected I by such lien or charge^ and the names of all the,parish I wherein the same are situate;

(d.) The nature, of the lien or charge claimed on or in suet I lands; . ...

(K) .The name, anil, a description of the residence and occupa. I . tion of th^,p,^son registering such memorandum1 and no such lien or charge shall have any effect or priority as I against any assurance for valuable . consideration which may be I registered under .this Act, unless and until, a memorandum thereof I has been registered in. accordance with the provisions of this H section.

Deeds, &c. not 8. No deed, will, order of a .court, .certificate of appointment' of I trustee in baAkruptoy, Private Act of iparliament, award, or order I ginais,0^. of the Land Commissioners shall he: remsteped. undbr1 this Act I

produced. unless the original; or ..one -.of trieorigmpa'of such' deed, or the I

original ox the probate of . syiph will, br an office cppy of tuch order I of court or of such certificate, or a copyofsuch. Act' printed iby I Her Majesty's Printers, or. a copy of, the award duly sealed rith I the seal of the (^mpaissionersj nr a .copy . thereof signed by the I clerk of the peace or fijis deputy,! purporting the same ,to be- a" true copy, or the absolute order of the Land Coxmnissioners duly sealed with the seal of the said Commissioners, as the cabe may be, is I produced to,jther^strar; at the time of 'such^registf action.

Endorsement 9. Immediately aflertfie registration of any dbed, will, order of I vrin after* court, certificate of appointment of hrpste® to bankruptcy, private registration. Act of Parliament,award, order M'mk Land!;Cothinissioners, or memorandum of (marge, under this Act; there shall be.'endorsed on the original,deed or the original will or probate'thereof, or ah office copy of order of court Of certifmate, or the copyof the Act or award, or the absolute order, or on thei memorandum of charge, produced to the registrar . a certificate, stating the date of registration and1 the Volume, p^e, and. number in the register in. which the same or a memorial thereof is or is, intended to be enrblled; and the registrar shall sign the said certificate and seal the same with the-seal of the registry, and every certificate so sighed and sealed shall he receivable in evidence.

Caveats. 10. Subject to any rules made under this Act, a caveat | may at

any time be registered with respect, to any lands, within any of the three ridings by any person claiming to :be entitled to any interest in such lands in favour, of any'body or person named ^therein, and, unless removed or cancelled in accordance , with any rules to he made for that purpose, shall be in force for such period not exceeding six months as may. be named therein .in that behalf, n (Every such caveat shall be under the hand and seal of ther person by whom it is given,.and attested by one; witness at the least,land shall contain — h . i (ir.) The date on which it is. given: .

(b.) The name and description of the residence, and occupation of the person by whom it is: given:

(c.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the person in whose favour it is.given: .

(d.) The period for which it is given; f

143

I 0^ Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. .54.

(B.) A description of the lands to be affected by such caveat and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate.

If within, the period for which any caveat remains in force my assurance made or executed by the person by whom such caveat was given, and conveying any interest in the lands described therein to the person in whose favour such caveat was given, or to his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, be duly registered tinder this Act, such assurance shall have priority as though it had been enrolled upon the date on which such caveat was enrolled, add such last-mentioned date shall, subject to the proviso hereiii^ after contained, be deemed to be the date of registration of the said assurance for all purposes, and shall be substituted in' all I certificates and other instruments for the date on, which suchr assurance was actually enrolled accordingly: Provided that nb' stfhfr caveat shall have any effect as against the operation of,any* JaW for-Re time being in force relating to bankruptcy, and that fdr the purpose of any such law the date of registration of any such

I assurance or will shall be deemed to be the date upon whidhr such ' 1 I assurance or will was actually registered

. 11.: Where any person claiming an interest under any- will1 hr Notices of any lands' within any of the three ridings is desirous of registering 1^e^ot&c. I the'same, but is unable to do so within a period of six months, after pr°y * the death of . the testator, such person may within thd said period

I q£ six^,months register a notice of such will Every such notice I shall hg under the hand and seal of the person by whom it is given, and shall be attested by one witness in the least, and shall con jam —

,; (A.) The date of the will:

(B.)‘.The date of the death of the testator:

(c.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of * the testator so far as set -out in the will:

(p.) The name and'description of the residence and "occupation' s' of the person by whom such noticeiis. given-;

-. (e.) A description of all the lands affected by - the willwithin the > riding, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same )u.are situate, so far and in such manner as the same are- ex-, '. pressed or mentioned in the will, or to the same effect inhere any such notice has been duly registered within the said period of six months, then if .within, two years after the death of % testator the vfili) which is the subject of such notice, ds duly Registered under this Act, such will shall - have priority as though it had-been-registered, upon the date on which such-notice was registered, and such last-mentioned date shall be deemed to be the ^-te.of-registration of the said will for all purposes, and shall be ^hstituted in -all certificates- and other instruments for the date °s Which such will was actually registered.

12. Any person who claims as heir‘ or otherwise any estate or Affidavit of interest in any lands within any of the three ridings which might intestacy.

Wye been,defeated or affectedly the will- of any person dying after ^commencement ,of this Act, and believes-that such personified Estate, or intestate as to such lands, may at any time after, but ftot before* the expiration of six months from the deatii bf such Person,; register an affidavit of intestacy.

144

Ch. 54. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 47 & 43 yx !l

Every such affidavit shall state —

(A.) The date of the death of the deceased:

(B.1 The name and description of the residence and occupation10( I the deceased:

. (cl) The name and description of the residence and occupation of I the deponent:

(d.) A description of all the lands within the riding in which the deponent claims such estate or interest, and the names of I all the parishes wherein the same are situate:

: (e.) The nature of the estate or interest claimed by the de> i ponent:

(f.) The fact that the deponent believes that the deceased died I intestate, or intestate as to such lands.

Where any such affidavit of intestacy has been duly registered; I any assurance for valuable consideration made or executed by any I person who would be empowered to make or execute the same in I case of such intestacy, and duly registered, shall have priority over I any will of the supposed intestate, the date of registration of which shall be subsequent to the date of registration of such assurance or I will and not within or under this Act to be deemed to be within a I period of six months after the death of the supposed intestate.

Where by any 13. Where the provisions of any Act of Parliament passed or janfc* to be passed have the effect of vesting any lands within any of the vested upon three ridings in any person by or upon the payment of money or the payment of by or upon any other act (other than any assurance or act the affidavltfof the reg^ratA°n whereof is herein otherwise provided for), and such vesting may he lands become so vested by or upon any such payment or other act registered. made or done after the commencement of this Act, any person claiming under or by virtue of such vesting as aforesaid may register an affidavit of such vesting.

Every such affidavit shall contain —

(a.) A recital of the date and title of the Act of Parliament under which such vesting has been effected:

(B.) A recital of so much of the Act itself as affects the lands so vested:

(C.) The name and description of the residence and occupation of the deponent:

(d.) A statement of the fact that such payment Or act as aforesaid has actually been made or done with the date thereof:

(e.) A description of the lands within the riding which have become vested under the said Act in consequence thereof, and the names of all the parishes wherein the same are situate; Priority of 14. Subject to the provisions of this Act, all assurances entitled

assurances and to be registered under this Act shall have priority according to the 'w,lls* date of registration thereof, and not according to the date of such

assurances, or of the execution thereof, and every will registered under this Act shall have priority according to the date of the death , of the testator if the date of registration thereof be within, or under this Act to be deemed to' be within, a period of six months after the death of the testator, or according to the date of registration thereof, if such date of registration be not within, or under this Act to be deemed to be within, such period of six months: Provided that nothing in this Act shall interfere with the priorities as between

145

$84. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

l of any assurances or wills the dates of registration of

I ffiuch may be identical.

All priorities given by this Act shall have full effect in all courts, except in cases of actual fraud, and all persons claiming thereunder any legal or equitable interests shall be entitled to corresponding I priorities, and no such person shall lose any such priority merely in I consequence of his having been affected with actual or constructive notice, except in cases of actual fraud; but nothing in this section contained shall operate to confer upon any person claiming without valuable consideration under any person any further priority or protection than would belong to the person under whom he claims; and my disposition of land or charge on land, which if unregistered would be fraudulent and void, shall, notwithstanding registration,

E be fraudulent and void in like manner.

15. The registration of any instrument under this Act shall be Registration to deemed to constitute actual notice of such instrument, and of the be actual fectkof such registration to all persons and for all purposes whatso- notice'

I ever, as from the date of registration.

16. In any case in which priority or protection might but for this Protection by Act have been given or allowed to any estate or interest in lands by legal estate reason or on the ground of such estate or interest being protected

I by pr tacked to any legal or other estate or interest in such lands, allowed.

no stich priority or protection shall after the commencement of this | Act'be so given or allowed to any estate or interest in lands within I the. three ridings, except as against any estate or interest which shall have existed prior to such commencement, and full effect shall he given in every court to this present provision, although the party j claiming such priority or protection as aforesaid shall claim as a purchaser for valuable consideration and without notice.

17. Any person claiming under any assurance or will duly regis- Rights of pur- tered shall have and be entitled to all the same grounds of relief chasers to

88 against any person claiming through any assurance or will of a subsequent date to that imder which he claims, but which has of the persons acquired priority by earlier registration as the person through whom through whom ue claims under such first-mentioned assurance or will might have they chim' uad and been entitled to.

18. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and any rules made Registration, thereunder, the registrar shall register all assurances, wills, and

I °ther instruments that may be entitled to be registered under this Act yvhichj or memorials of which, may be presented to him for aurolment in the register in the order in which' they are so presented,

®ud shall make such entries as are required to be made under this Act or any rules made thereunder for the purposes of such registration.

j Provided that all instruments plr memorials which may be delivered

through the post or otherwise at the office for the purpose of enrolment at any time when the office is closed, shall be deemed to be Presented for enrolment simultaneously at the time when the office ^xt opens for the business of registration, and that subject as afore-all instruments or memorials sent through the post shall be kerned to be presented for enrolment at the time when they are i -Mm delivered at the office in course'of post.

146

Ch. 54.

Searches may he made and copies taken

Official

searches.

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Yicj

19. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and to any rules made I thereunder, any person may, on application at the register office, at by any^person. suc^ times as may be limited by the registrar in that behalf inspect

and search the register and any other books and indexes which may be required to be kept at the register office under this Act, or any rules made thereunder, and may take copies thereof or extracts therefrom.

20. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and to any rules made thereunder, any person may at any time require an official search to be made on his behalf at the register office, subject to the follow* ing regulations:

(A.) He shall deliver in the register office a requisition in writing signed by himself requiring such search to be made:

(b.) The requisitions shall contain such full particulars of the character of the search required to be made and otherwise in relation thereto as may be required by the registrar:

(c.) Upon receipt of any such requisition, the registrar shall cause a diligent search to be made, and shall give a certificate of the result of such search to the person requiring the same to he made, and shall sign such certificate and seal the same with the seal of the registry, and every certificate so signed and sealed shall be receivable in evidence.

21. Where any official search has been made under this Act, a record of the result of such search shall be preserved at the register office, and the registrar shall give a certificate of such result to any person requiring the same, and shall sign such certificate and seal the same with, the seal of the registry, and every certificate, so signed and sealed shall be receivable in ‘evidence.

22. Subject to the provisions of this Act, and to any rules made thereunder, any person may require a certified copy of or extract from any document enrolled in the register or of or from any entry in the register, or any book or index kept at the register office under this Act, or any rules made thereunder, and thereupon a certified copy or extract signed by the registrar and sealed with the seal of the register office shall be given to such person, and every such copy or extract so signed and sealed shall be receivable as evidence of the contents of such document or entry in every case where such contents may under the rules of evidence be proved by mean* of any copy or. extract; but nothing in this section contained shall he taken to dispense with the production of any original document in any case in which the production thereof might otherwise h® required, nor to dispense with any proof which might otherwise.!# required as to the due making and execution thereof.

Protection of 23. Where any solicitor, trustee, executor, agent, or other person solicitors, in a fiduciary position, either by himself or by a solicitor, obtains ® certificate of the result of an official search, or a certified copy certificates, &c. any document enrolled in the register, or of any entry in the regist®* or any book or index kept at the register office under this Act or any rules made thereunder, such solicitor, trustee, executor, agent or other person shall not be answerable for any loss, damage, °r injury that may arise from any error in such certificate or copy! and

Record of

official

searches.

Certified

copies.

147

1884. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

Where in any case it is the duty of any solicitor, trustee, executor, agent, or other person in a fiduciary position, either by himself or by a solicitor, to compare any abstract of any deed or will with any original deed or will which has been enrolled at full length in the register, the comparison of such abstract with the copy so enrolled shall be deemed a sufficient discharge of such duty by such solicitor, trustee, executor, agent, or other person, and he or they shall not be answerable for any loss that may arise from any error in the copy so enrolled.

24. Subject to any rules made under this Act, every leaf of the Pages of I

register shall be numbered, and shall be signed by two members of register to be the county authority to be nominated by the county authority for "d

that purpose, and once at least in every year an entry shall be made

in the records of the county authority of the number of volumes of the register, and the number of volumes of the various other books and indexes in use in the register office, and the number of pages contained therein respectively which then are or have been in use in the said office.

25. Any person claiming any estate or interest in any lands Rectification of within the limits of this Act may at any time apply to the Chancery register by Division of the High Court of Justice for an order that the register Court‘

or any book Or index kept at any of the register offices under this Act, or any rules made thereunder, shall be rectified, or that any entry may be made or interpolated in any such register book or index, or that any entry in such register book or index may be cancelled, or that any certificate endorsed or given under this Act may be amended or cancelled, or that any deed, will, certificate, or other document may be produced to the registrar for the purpose of any registration, enrolment, entry, or cancellation, or that the priority by this Act granted to assurances, wills, or other instruments upon the registration thereof may be suspended in whole or in part during the continuance of any proceedings thenTpending in any court as to any assurances or wills registered after the date of such order, and the court may either refuse such application, or if satisfied of the justice of the case may make such order in reference thereto, and as to the costs thereof as may in their opinion be just andj expedient..

The registrar and every other person or body affected by any such order of a court shall obey the same on being served with Such order or an official copy thereof, and upon such service on the registrar such order shall be deemed to have been presented to him for enrolment in the register and shall be registered accordingly.

Any'jurisdiction of the Chancery Division of the Sigh Court of 'Justice under this section may be exercised by any judge of the said court, whether sitting in open court or in chambers.

The Lord Chancellor may, from time to time, assign the duties vested in the said court in relation to matters under this section to toyparticular judge or judges of that court, and may from time to time make, revoke, and alter rules for carrying into effect the objects of this section r Provided always, that the said rules so Uiade, revoked, or altered, shall not extend the jurisdiction of the Oourt.

TT O

148

Entries in respect of statutory receipts.

Registrar need not register instrument not duly stamped.

Act not to extend to copyhold or certain leasehold interest. Shares in companies not to he affected.

Saving as to Crown lands.

Offices for the registration of deeds.

'Seal of register office.

Vesting of register offices &o. in clerk of peace.

Ch. .54. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 47 <S

Any person aggrieved by an order made under this a the said court may appeal within the prescribed time in j manner and with the same incidents in and with whicl made by the said court in cases within the ordinary jurisdl such court may be appealed from.

26. Nothing in any Act contained whereby the regia directed to give any certificate upon the production to him statutory receipt, shall render it obligatory on the registrar d any such certificate unless and until such statutory receii been, duly registered under this Act.

27. Nothing in this Act contained shall render it obligatoJ the registrar to enrol, register, or enter any instrument chargl with any stamp duty which is not duly stamped.

28. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to extent any copyhold hereditaments, nor to any lease not exceeding twen one years, or any assignment thereof where accompanied by acti possession from the making of such lease or assignment.

29. Nothing- in this Act contained shall be deemed to extend t any assurance or will, so far as the same, may relate only to sbm in any public or private works or undertaking of any corporation, company, or society which by virtue of any Local or other Act of Parliament may be required to be registered or otherwise entered or minuted in the books of the corporation, company, or society.

30. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to extend to any assurances of any lands being parcel of the land revenues ofth& Crown, or assurances of lands to or in trust for Her Majesty, or other assurances which may be enrolled in " The Office of Land Revenue, Record, and Inrolmenta"

Register Offices.

31. There shall be offices for the registration of deeds__

At Northallerton for the north riding;

At Beverley for the east riding; and At Wakefield for the west riding; which shall be maintained by the county authorities within the three ridings respectively, and the business of each such registry shall be conducted by a registrar, together with such number of clerks, messengers, and servants as may- [from time to time be appointed in that behalf and at each of such offices the registrar shall keep a register for the registration of assurance wills and other instruments required or permitted to be registered under this

32. There shall be a seal ;for each register office, and judicial

notice shall be taken of the seal and of the signature of the registrar in all legal proceedings. . > u 1 nd

33. From and after the commencement of this Act all the laa and property vested in or held by any county authority, or by person upon trust for the purposes of. any existing registry, toget^ with all the estate and interest of any registrar, or heirs,. exec" administrators, or devisees of apy late registrar of any © registry in any land used for the purpose of such registry, o fixtures, furniture, or effects belonging thereto, shall he ves .

1884. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. Ch. 54.

the clerk of the peace for the riding within which such registry is situate, and his successors, subject to the liabilities affecting the same, upon trust for the purposes of the registry established under this Act within the said riding, and be by him and them held for the purposes of such registry, or otherwise be by him and them sold, conveyed, or disposed of in such manner as the county authority may from time to time order and direct.

34. The county authority may from time to time purchase any Building, lands for the purposes of the registry established under this Act, and of offices* may upon such lands, and any other lands within the riding which

may be vested in them or in any trustee for the purposes of the registry established under this Act, from time to time build, maintain, repair, alter, improve, enlarge, or rebuild such offices and buildings for the purposes of the registry established under this Act as they may think expedient, or may from time to time sell the lands so purchased or vested as aforesaid, or any part thereof, and all expenses incurred by the county authority in carrying into effect the. provisions of this Act, together with all expenses of and incidental to the payment of any rates, taxes, assessments, or charges in respect of any such lands, buildings, or offices as aforesaid which may for the time being be vested in the county authority, or in any «wn or persons in trust for the purposes of the said registry, shall be paid by the county authority.

35. Subject to the provisions of this Act the county authority Rules, may from time to time make, and when made may rescind, amend,

or add to, rules in respect to all or any of the following matters:

(1.) The form of the register and the mode in which the same is to be made and kept:

'.*(2.) The preparation and keeping at the register office of any books and indexes, and the entries to be made therein for thef ii1 purpose of effecting any registration:

(3.) The mode in which registration is to be conducted:

$>(4.) The making of entries in the register where any mortgage, j lien, or charge with reference to which any instrument has been registered under this Act has been satisfied or dis-ife <charged:

(5.) The forms of memorials, certificates, and other instruments to be prepared for the purposes of this Act: v ,(6.) The making of searches and the giving of certified copies:

(7.) The fees to be taken by the registrar where such fees are: fc; not paid to and retained by an existing registrar for his own use:

(8.) The custody of the register and other documents connected" with the business of registration:

(9.) The transmission by post of applications for registration and' for search, and of registered documents and certificates of1 : registration and search:

(10.):- Generally in relation to any matters, whether similar or not to those above mentioned, as to which it may be expedient to ‘ make rules for carrying into effect the objects of this Act:

Provided that no such rules shall have any force or effect unless and Until they have been confirmed by the Lord Chancellor and published in such manner as he may direct, $nd that & copy thereof

150 Ch. 54?. Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. 47 & 43 y

shall he laid before both Houses of Parliament within fourteen dav» after the , confirmation thereof if Parliament he then sitting, or 5} Parliament he not then sitting within fourteen days after the next meeting thereof.

Any rules made, confirmed, and published in pursuance of this Act shall be deemed to he within the powers conferred by this Act and shall he of the same force as if enacted in this Act and shall be judicially noticed.

Turing 36. The existing registrars shall be the first registrars for the

registrars to be respective ridings for the purposes of this Act, and shall have and TO^this Act subject to all the like rights, duties, obligations, and liabilities, and be entitled to the same remuneration in connexion with the registries established under, this Act as they would have and be subject to and would be entitled to in connexion with the existing registries if this Act had not passed so far as may be possible, and save as aforesaid nothing in this Act contained shall affect the rights of the existing registrars or of their deputies duly appointed, or shall alter the nature and tenure of their offices or the remuneration attached thereto, or the duties, obligations, and liabilities of such registrars and deputies in connexion with the registries respectively: Provided always, that the county authority I for any riding may at any time agree with the existing registrar j for such riding that all fees and payments received by or on account of him in connexion with the registry established under this ! Act shall be paid over to the county authority and applied in manner directed by this Act, and that a salary of an agreed amount should be paid to such existing registrar in lieu thereof, and thereupon the said fees shall be paid over to: the county authority and applied by them in manner directed by this Act, and a salary of the agreed amount shall be paid by the county authority to such existing registrar in accordance with the terms of the said agreement: Provided also, that the, county authority for any riding may at any time agree with the existing registrar for such riding that such registrar shall surrender his office of registrar as from some date to be agreed upon, and that in consideration thereof there shall be paid to such registrar a retiring allowance either in the form of an annuity (of a fixed amount or of an amount varying according to j the fees and payments from time to time received in connexion with the registry) to be paid during the life of such registrar or of a capital sum, and thereupon such registrar may surrender his said office, and such retiring allowance shall be paid by the county authority ter such registrar in accordance with the terms of the said agreement.

Appointment 37. When and so soon as the office of any existing registrar of officers, &c. becomes vacant, the following provisions shall come into force and have effect:

(1.) The county authority from time to time shall appoint some fit person being a barrister or solicitor of not less than seven i years standing and in actual practice at the time of such ap' pointment, or a person who shall for. a period of at least five years have discharged the duties of deputy registrar under any of the existing Registry Acts or partly under the existing 'Registry Acts and partly under this Act to be registrar wh°-

151

Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884.

Ch. 54.

shall personally attend to the duties of his office, and may, if they think it expedient, remove any person so appointed from such office: Provided that no such appointment shall have any force or effect unless and until it has been confirmed by the Lord Chancellor, and that the Lord Chancellor may at any time cancel any appointment so made and remove any person - appointed from such office upon being satisfied that such person does not properly discharge the duties thereof.

No registrar appointed under this section shall either by himself or in partnership "with any other person follow any other calling or profession during the time he holds such ap-v pointment.

(2.) The county authority may from time to tjme by order direct that any person or persons to be nominated in such order shall ' he capable of discharging the duties of registrar during any temporary vacancy in the office or during the temporary absence of any registrar through illness or otherwise, upon such terms as to remuneration or otherwise as may be directed by such order; and in default of any such nomination the clerk Of the peace or his deputy shall be empowered to act as registrar during such vacancy or temporary absence as aforesaid:

(3.) A. registrar may, with the approval of the county authority, at any time, by writing under his hand, appoint some fit person or persons being qualified as is herein-before required ' for the office of registrar to be his deputy or deputies, and to act for him for such time and under such conditions as to v remuneration or otherwise as may be sanctioned by the county authority: Provided that any deputy so appointed may at any; time be removed from his office by the registrar or the county authority:

(4.) The registrar, with the approval of the county authority, shall from time to time appoint such number of clerks, messengers, and servants as may be deemed expedient for m ‘carrying this -Act into effect, and may from time to time dismiss any person so appointed:

(5.) Every registrar and deputy registrar, and, if the county authority think proper, all or any of the clerks to be appointed Under this section, shall give security for the due performance of the duties of their respective offices in such manner and to such amount as the county authority may determine (6.) The registrar, deputy registrars, clerks, messengers, and " servants appointed under this section shall be paid such salaries or remuneration as the county authority may from time to time determine:

*(7.) All salaries and remuneration payable under this section, together with all other expenses of and incidental to the register offices, shall be paid by the county authority.

38. The fees to be taken in each register office in respect of Fees, documents to be registered, entries, searches, certificates, and copies be made, and other matters to be done in such office under this IIP shall be 'such fees as are specified in that behalf in the Second Schedule to this Act, or such other fees as are fixed in manner

152

Unauthorised fees not to be taken.

Application

fees.

Accounts.

Expenses to be defrayed out of county rate.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

Registering of memorials, &c. where assurance, &c. executed beforecommencement of Act, &c.

Ch. 54. Yorkshire Registries Ac£, 1884. 47 & 48 V^ I

herein-after mentioned, and such fees so specified or fixed may I taken and shall be paid accordingly, and nothing in this Act con. I tained shall make it obligatory on the registrar to do any act or I permit any act to be done in respect of which any fee is so specified I and fixed, except on payment of such fee.

At any time and from time to time after any registrar has been I appointed by the county authority, or after any agreement between. I any existing registrar and the county authority for the payment I of such registrar by salary and not by fees has come into effect, the I county authority may by any rules made under this Act vary or I wholly abolish any fees specified in the Second Schedule herety I and may fix new fees in addition thereto or in lieu thereof. ' -n

39. After the commencement of this Act no registrar or other I person employed at any registry shall take or receive any fee or I gratuity in respect of the business carried on thereat, except such I as may be authorised to be taken under the provisions of this Act. I

40. Subject to the rights of any existing registrars and their I deputies to be paid and to retain for their own use any fees and other payments made to them under this Act, the county authority may from time to time direct that the fees or other payments which : may be received under the authority of this Act, or any part thereof, shall be applied under such regulations as they may appoint in pay* j ment of the current or incidental expenses of the registry, or any of them, but, save so far as the same or any part thereof may be so applied, all such fees and payments as aforesaid shall be paid, over to the county authority in such manner and subject to such regulations as they may direct, and shall be carried by them to the credit of the county rate.

41. Accounts shall be kept at each registry of all fees and. paT'

. ments received under the authority of this Act, and of all current

and incidental expenses paid thereout, and such accounts shall b® audited in such manner, at such times, and by such person or mt sons as may,be directed by the county authority. Any person;auditing any accounts in pursuance of this section shall be entitled to receive such remuneration (if any) as may be fixed by the county authority, and such remuneration shall be paid by the county authority. t v

42. All expenses incurred by a county authority under, tin® Act and not otherwise provided for, including the expenses .of*® incidental to the obtaining of this Act, may be defrayed out of county rate, and the county authority may from time to time ca®® such county rates to be levied as may be necessary for the pose of defraying such expenses: Provided that such expenses , be deemed to be sums expended out of the county rate for county purposes within the meaning of the Municipal Corporate Act, 1882.

' Existing Registries^ ,

43. Where in any case any assurance or instrument execi^jv or made before the passing of this Act, or the will of any test* , dying before the commencement of this Act, or any jud statute, or recognizance given, acknowledged, or made befor0 commencement of this Act, or any memorial thereof respecti^'

153

1881.' Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884. g Cja. 5&

might but for the passing of this Act have been registered in any registry, but such assurance, instrument, will, judgment, statute, recognizance, or memorial have not been so registered, such assurance, instrument, will, judgment, statute, or recognizance may be registered in the manner and subject to the regulations contained in this Act, and every such registration shall be deemed to be a roistering of such assurance, instrument, will, judgment, statute, or recognizance, or of a memorial thereof, under such of the Acts by this Act repealed as apply to the existing registry in which the same might have been so registered as aforesaid, and shall have effect accordingly, but such registration shall not be deemed to be or have effect as a registration of an assurance, instrument, or will under this Act.

44. All registers, books, indexes, and other documents and instru- Books, &c. | ments in or belonging to the existing registries, or in the custody or

under the control of the existing registrars, or of any other person * attached . thereto or employed therein for the purposes thereof, shall from and after the commencement of this Act be vested in the clerks of' the peace for the ridings within which such registries are situate respectively, upon trust for the purposes of the registry established under this Act within the said riding, and be by him and them held for the purposes of such registry, and disposed-of in such manner as the county authority may direct.

The county authority shall from time to time make such provisions and .give such directions as they may deem expedient for the purpose of securing the deposit and safe custody of the said registers, .books, indexes, and other documents and instruments in the new registry offices, and for the providing for the' making of searches therein, and of copies thereof, and for all other matters DBKipbhereto, and the like fees shall be taken and paid in respect of jmch; searches and copies as in the case of other copies and searches to he made in the said offices under this Act.

45. All^ cjpiesr^to be made after the commencement of this Copies of old Act of; enrolments of bargains and sales enrolled in the existing registers, registries, and of the entries or enrolments of deeds, wills, writings,

#$pnveyances registered at full length in the existing registry for

the. north riding shall be signed by the registrar and sealed with the seal; of the-office, and copies so signed and sealed shall be as good evidence as copies of .such, enrolments; and entries would have been under and by virtue>*bf any of ,jthe Registry Acts if signed and attested in manner by ‘tire said Acts respectively required.

Miscellaneous.

46. If any registrar, or .other person employed in the register Frauds by office is party or, privy fo any act of fraud or collusion in relation to registrar, &c» * the registration of any assurance, will, or other instrument under

this Act, or the making of any enrolment or entry, or the giving of any certificate or copy, or the making of any search. Or the taking of any extract or copy under this Act, or any rules made thereunder, lie shall - be ‘guilty , of a misdemeanor, and shall upon conviction , on. indictment be liable to' imprisonment with or without hard labour for any period not exceeding two years

Falsely shearing under this Act to be punished as perjury.

Shearing of affidavits.

Actions for neglect, &c-to be brpugbt against registrar.

47. If any person making any affidavit under this Act shall therein -wilfully swear falsely, such person shall he deemed guilty I of wilful and corrupt perjury.

48. Any affidavit to he registered under this Act may he sworn before any person authorised to administer oaths in Her Majesty's I High Court of Justice or in the Court of Chancery of the county I palatine of Lancaster, or in the case of a person who is out of the I kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland before a magistrate or justice I of the peace or other person qualified to administer oaths in the I country where he resides (he being certified to he a magistrate or I justice of the peace or qualified as aforesaid by a British Minister I or British Consul or by a notary public).

49. When and so soon as the right of appointment of the regis± I trar under this Act is vested in and has been exercised by the county authority, the following provisions shall have effect:

(a.) Every action which may he brought by any person to recover damages for or by reason of any loss or damage occasioned by any neglect, omission, mistake, or misfeasance of the registrar or any person employed in the register office in connexion with the business of such office shall be brought against the registrar as the nominal defendant by his name of office, and no such action shall abate by reason of the death or removal from office of any such registrar:

(b.) A writ or process shall not be sued out against or served on the registrar for anything done or intended to be done or omitted to be1 done under the provisions of this Act until the expiration of one month after notice in writing has been served on such registrar, clearly stating the cause of action and the name and place of abode of the intended plaintiff and of his solicitor or agent in the cause:

(c.) The registrar, with the consent of the county authority, may enter into and conclude a compromise with any body or person claiming a right of action against him under this section> or may agree with such body or person that any question relating to such right of action should be referred to arbitration:

(d.) All damages, costs, and expenses payable by the registrar in respect of any such action, compromise, or arbitration as in this section' above mentioned shall be paid by him out of moneys to be provided by the county authority, and the county authority shall provide all moneys which maybe necessary in that behalf.

Proteotionof 50. No matter or thing done and no contract entered into by imd^h^fficers county authority, and no matter or thing done by any member from personal8 of auy such authority, or by any officer of such authority or other liability. person whomsoever appointed by and acting under the direction of such authority, shall, if the matter or thing were* done or the contract were entered into bonst fide for the purpose of executing this Act, subject them or any of them personally to any action, liability, claim, or demand whatsoever, and any expense incurred by any such county authority, member, officer, or other; person acting as last aforesaid shall be paid by the county authority:

Provided that nothing in this section shall exempt any member of any county authority from liability to be surcharged with the

Ch. 54.

155

amount of any payment which may be disallowed , by the auditor in the accounts of such authority, and which such member authorised or joined in authorising.

5L From and after the commencement of this Act the Acts Repeal, specified in the First Schedule to this Act shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

Anything duly done or suffered; or

Any right, privilege, priority, or preference acquired; or

; Any liability, disqualification, disability, fine, forfeiture, or other punishment, incurred tinder any enactment so repealed prior to the commencement of this Act, and any proceeding and remedy for the ascertainment, enforcement, or recovery thereof may be instituted, prosecuted, and had as though this Act had not passed.

The SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE. Sections 3,51.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

H8:Anne,o;)4

*Ame, c.20...

1

2

3

4

An Act for the publick registring of all deeds, conveyances, and wills that shall be made of any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the wept riding of the county of York after the nine-and-twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and four.

An Act for inrollments of bargains and sales within 5 Anne, c. 18. the west riding of the county of York in the in Railhead, register office there lately provided, and for making the said register more effectual.

An Act for the publick registring of all deeds, con- c. 85. in Ruff-veyances, wills, and other incumbrances that head, shall be made of or that may affect any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments Within the east riding of the county of York or the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull after the nine-and-twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eight, and for the rendring the register in the west riding more complete.

An Act for the publick registring of all deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances that shall be made of or that may affect any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the north riding of the county of York after the nine-and-twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE, ^tering or registering a memorial, certificate, or other document, where |the same does not

two folios (of 100 words each) in length -Where the said memorial, certificate, deed, or

H document exceeds two folios (of 100 words length

Section 38.

One shilling.

- Sixpence per folio.

For every certificate or copy of any memorial, deed, or other document given or filed pursuant to this Act - For every search (not being an official search)

For every official search —

For each period of five years -

47

The like fees. One shilling.

Sixpence.

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to make further provision with regard to the I Pensions of Soldiers, and to the Pay and Pensions of I the Yeomanry, and for other purposes.

[14th Augustl881]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern- I poraL, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by I the ‘authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. ' 1. This Act may be cited as the Pensions and Yeomanry Pay

Act, 1884.

Royal order as 2. — (1.) On and after the commencement of this Act it shall be

10 *ionswid for Her Majesty from time to time to make, and when made

topa^and to revoke and vary, orders relating to pensions of soldiers, andtC pensions of the the pay and pensions of the Yeomanry, including the commutatiba Yeomanry. of pensions, the restoration of forfeited pensions, and the award and payment of both such pay and pensions as aforesaid.

(2.) Every order so made shall forthwith after it is made be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and shall notwithstanding anything in any other Act have effect as if enacted in this Act', andir any question of doubt arises as to the construction of any Act or royal order relating to such pensions recourse shall be had to the advice of a Secretary of State, whose decision thereon shall binding.

(3.) A Secretary of State may from time to time make such regulations as appear to him to be required for 'the purpose of carrying into effect any order made in pursuance of this section.

(4.) Nothing in any order made in pursuance of this section shall take away or diminish, without his consent, any right of a soldier to receive such pension as was fixed by any order applying to such soldier and in force at the time of his enlistment and for the pay' ment whereof money shall have been voted by Parliament. Punishment 3. — (ll) If any person by means of any false certificate, fak®

for obtaining representation, false document, false statement, or other fraudulent' byyfrandiStent8 means, obtains, or attempts to obtain, for himself or any other person means. the grant, increase, or payment of any pay1 or pension payable,01

any privilege or advantage obtainable in pursuance of any warrant order, or regulation of Her Majesty or a Secretary of State, whether * made in pursuance of this Act Or otherwise, he shall, on convict*00 on indictment, be liable to imprisonment, with or without.'har0 labour, for a term not exceeding two years, and on conviction by court -of summary jurisdiction be liable to imprisonment, with °r‘ without hard labour, for a term not exceeding three months, or tq fine not exceeding twenty-jive pounds.

Ch. 55.

1884. Pensions and Yeomanry Pay Act, 1884.

157

(2.) Section one hundred and forty-two of the Army Act, 1881, 44&45 vict. shall apply in like manner as if any order or regulation made in c* 58« mjMfiftriftft of this Act were regulations within the meaning of that section.

(3.) Any offence under this section, when prosecuted before a court of summary jurisdiction, may be prosecuted, and the fine recoverable on conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction may be recovered, in manner provided by sections one hundred and sixty-six, one hundred and sixty-seven, and one hundred and sixty-eight (fi the Army Act, 1881, in like manner as if those sections were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act, and for all purposes in relation to the arrest, trial, and punishment of a person for any offence under this section, this Act shall apply to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register the same.

4. — (1.) Where a person who is serving or has served as an officer. Distribution of soldier, or otherwise, in or with any of Her Majesty's military

forces, or who has received remuneration out of money provided by hundred Parliament for army services, or who is the widow or relative of any pounds with-8uch person, dies, and any part of the personal estate of such p^b^uinng deceased, person not exceeding in value one hundred pounds p (whether arising from pay, pension, allowances, surplus property, prize money, or otherwise howsoever), is. held by or under the cpntrol of a Secretary of State, then if any general or special regulations of a Secretary of State so provide, and subject to such fegulations, probate, or other proof of the title of the personal representative of such deceased person may be dispensed with, and such personal estate may be paid, delivered, or distributed to or among the persons appearing in manner provided by the said regulations to be beneficially entitled to the personal estate of such deceased person, or to or among any one or more of such persons, or, in case of any illegitimacy of the deceased person or his children, to or among such person or persons as may be directed by the said regulations, and the Secretary of State and person making such payment, delivery, or distribution, shall be discharged from all liability in respect of the personal estate paid, delivered, or distributed in accordance with the said regulations.

5. Every order, receipt, affidavit, and document used in pursuance Exemption of any warrant, order, or regulation of Her Majesty or a Secretary from stamP of State, whether made in pursuance of this Act or otherwise, in duty' relation to the payment of any pension in respect of military service, including service in any of the auxiliary forces, shall, unless otherwise provided by such warrant, order, or regulation, or by the regulations, general or special, of a Secretary of State, be exempt

from stamp duty, t

6. Whereas doubts have arisen with respect to the recovery and Recovery of

application of' certain sums, penalties, and forfeitures under the Yeomanry Act,. 1804, and it--is expedient to remove such doubts: 0fm"eytUnS Be it therefore enacted as follows: under

(1.) Any order for determining any appeal or for directing the 8*

payment of any money in pursuance of section forty-six or of

158

Ch. 55.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. 8, 50.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 43. s. 1.

Definitions.

Repeal.

Commencement of Act.'

(Pensions and Yeommry Pay Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict I

Bection fifty-one of the Yeomanry Act, 1804, or for any other I purpose mentioned in either of those sections may he made by I a court of summary jurisdiction, 'and enforced in accordance I with the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

2.) A person guilty of an offence mentioned in section forty-fbur I forty-five, or fifty-two, of the Yeomanry Act, 1804, shall, on summary conviction for such offence, he liable to a penalty I not exceeding the penalty and forfeiture mentioned in those I sections.

(3.) All sums adjudged to he paid by any order or conviction I mentioned in this section, if adjudged on the prosecution of the commanding officer of a corps of yeomanry, shall he paid to the I commanding officer, and by him carried to the contingent and clothing account of the corps, or to such other account on hehalf of the corps as a Secretary of State from time to time , directs.

(4.) For the purpose of this section the expression " Summary Jurisdiction Acts " means, as regards England, the Summary Jurisdiction (English) Acts; and as regards Scotland, means i the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881, and the expression " court of summary jurisdiction " has the same meaning as "the court of summary jurisdiction" and "the court " in those Acts.

(5.) The Act of the session of the forty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled " An Act for consolidating * and amending the provisions of the several Acts relating IS to corps of yeomanry or Volunteers in Great Britain and to " make further regulations relating thereto," is in this. Act referred to and may he cited as the Yeomanry Act, 1804.

7. In this Act —

The expression " Secretary of State " means one of Her Majesty's principal Secretaries of State; and The expression "pension" includes any allowance in the nature of a pension; and The expression " soldier" includes a discharged soldier.

8. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act (which Acts relate to the yeomanry and to the payment of pensions under the direction of a Secretary of State) shall he..repealed, on and after the commencement of this Act, to the extent mentioned in the third column of the said Schedule.

. Provided that the repeal enacted by this Act shall not affect anything done or suffered; or any rights or liabilities acquired or accrued before the commencement of this Act or of any such order, fior revive any power or right not existing at the commencement of . this Act.

9.' This Act shall come into Operation on the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five; which day is in this Act referred to as the Commencement of this Act: Provided that any orders may before the said date be made in pursuance of. tb^ Act, and shall come into effect upon the said commencement*

Pensions cmd Yeomanry Pay Act, 1884. Ch. 55,

159

SCHEDULE.

Note. — A description or citation of a portion of an Act in this Schedule is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first and last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning and as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter.

Title.

Extent of Repeal.

& Geo. 3. c. 64.

53 G

eo. 3

Ell?

mi

W 68.

mm

let.

mm

Vm

let.

mm.

An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions of the several Acts relating to corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers - in Great Britain and to make further regulations relating thereto.

An Act to relieve the widows of military officers from the ‘payment of stamp; duties on the receipt of their pensions in Ireland. An Act to amend the lawB relating to Corps of Yeo-' manry Cavalry and Volun? teers in Great Britain.

So much of section thirty-three as relates to the application of any sums of money.

Section thirty-six.

Section thirty-seven, from " be entitled to and " to " Corps, and "

Section thirty-eight.

Section thirty-nine, from "and the sum " to the end of that section.

Section forty.

Section forty-four from " and if such man shall not " to the end of the section.

- Section forty-five from " and if such offender shall not " to the end of the section.

Sections forty-eight and forty-nine.

Section fifty-one, from "as a penalty or forfeiture" to the end of the section.

Section fifty-two, from " to be levied by distress and sale " to the end of the section.

The whole Act.

Section four.

An Act for further regulating the payment or the out-pensioners of Greenwich and Chelsea Hospitals.

An Act to empower certain public Departments to pay otherwise than to executors or administrators small sums due On account of pension or allowances to persons deceased.

The whole Act . so far as it relates to Chelsea out-pensioners.

Section two.

160 ‘Ch. 56, 57. Chartered Companies Act, 1884. 47 & 48 VI(rr

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to declare the Law relating to the Incorporation of Chartered Companies. [14th August 1884.1

WHEREAS by an Act of 'the first year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter seventy-three, entitled " An Act for " better enabling Her Majesty to confer certain powers and immunities on trading and other-companies," it was enacted that it should be lawful for Her Majesty, her heirs and successors, in any charter of incorporation to be thereafter granted to limit the duration thereof for any term or number of years, or for any other period whatsoever:

And whereas provision has in many charters of incorporati(ffl been made for the cessation of the privileges conferred by such charters after a limited time:

And whereas with a view of preventing the cessation of such privileges, supplemental charters and warrants and documents under the sign' manual of Her Majesty have from time to time been granted, continuing for a further limited time the privileges granted by the said charters, or some of such privileges, and it is expedient to remove doubts with respect to such charters, warrants, and other documents:

Be it declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Power of Her i. The enactment contained in the twenty-ninth section of the, rmeifterms of Act of the first year of Her Majesty, chapter seventy-three,

charters. shall be construed as from the date thereof to have authorised and to authorise Her Majesty, by charter or by warrant or other writing under her sign-manual, from time to time, and whensoever to Her Majesty may have seemed or seem expedient, to extend or renew conditionally or unconditionally any term or number of years or other period for which any charter of incorporation granted by Her Majesty, or any privileges of such charter may for the time being be limited to endure.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to extend certain Powers given by the Superannuation Act Amendment Act, 1873. [14th August 1884.]

«2 Vict. c. 26. WHEREAS by the Superannuation Act, 1859, it is enacted that Vy for the purposes of that Act no' person thereafter to b® appointed shall be deemed to have served in the Permanent Civil Service of the State unless such person holds his appointment directly from the Crown, or has been admitted into the Civil Service with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners:

And whereas it appears that in several public departments of the State persons have been appointed since the passing of the said Act to established situations in the Civil Service not held directly fro©

1884. Superannuation Act, 1884. v;h. 57. i<ji

the'Crown, but that through inadvertence on the part of the heads of such departments, and without any default on the part of the persons so appointed, no steps were taken before their appointment to procure for them certificates from the Civil Service Commissioners:

And .whereas with a view of relieving such persons from loss of the superannuation allowance or gratuities which they were led to expect when they entered the Civil Service, provision was made by the Superannuation Act Amendment Act, 1873, enabling the Com- 36 & 37 Vict. missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, on applications by the heads c-23* of such departments, by order or warrant, to place such persons in the same position as regards their claim to a superannuation allowance or gratuity as they would have been in if they had been admitted into the Civil Service with, a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners:

And whereas a further provision to the like effect was made by die Superannuation (Post Office and War Office) Act, 1876, and the 39g& 40 Vict

44 & 45 Vict.

Ch. 57.

> c. 43.

Superannuation Act, 1881 And whereas the orders or warrants under the said Acts were required to be made before the terms therein mentioned which have now passed:

And whereas notwithstanding that most of the said persons have been relieved by orders or warrants made under the* said Acts, some of them still remain for whom, owing to the failure of the heads of departments to make application within the time limited by the »id Acts, or owing to other causes beyond their own control, relief has not been provided:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Superannuation Act, 1884. . short title.

2. (1.) The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may, if Power to ®ey think fit, at any time on application being made to them by the Treasury to

ltAAi] ___ _ t i 1 a 11 /-M. . -1 . mfllro nrdpr

bead of any public department of the State, declare by order or SwfirnU

warrant that a person who has been appointed after the date of the soil for want Superannuation Act, 1859, and before the'passing of this Act, to a of certificate situation in such department entitling persons appointed thereto 22 Vict. c. 36 mth a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners to superannuation allowance was appointed thereto without such a certificate through inadvertence on the part of the head of such department, and without any default on the part of the person so appointed, and ev®y person with respect to whom such order or warrant is issued shall be in the same position as regards his claim to allowances under the Superannuation Act, 1859, as he would have been in if be had been appointed with a certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners.

1 (2.) Every order or warrant made in pursuance of this Act shall laid before Parliament in manner provided by the thirteenth Section of the said Superannuation Act, 1859. .1 .

3. Where the regulations respecting an office which entitles or Provision for *°uld, if he had continued to hold it, have entitled the holder to addition of^ JSve an allowance under the Superannuation Act 1859, provide Sn0J«ain a person appointed to such office must have held a professional cases.

162 Cm 57/58. S'dperiiilrimtibn Act, 1884. 47 & 48 V^r,

or' other peculiar qualification for the number of years'specified the regulations, the Commissioners !of Her*' Majesty's Treasxii^ tnay. if they think fit, in computing the amount of superahnuation^Ho^ ance to be granted under' the Superannuation Act, 1859, to a person who holds or has at any time held such office, add the numhef of years so specified to the number of years that such person has actually served, provided that the minute adding that number of years shall be laid before Parliament.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act for amending the .Prosecution of Offences, Act, 1879. . m p4th August, 1881]

?2o& 43 VIct- WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Prosecution of Offences J Act, 1879 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act)

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent, of the: Lords Spiritual and TemporuVf&nct Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority; of the same, as follows:

Short title of 1. r This Act may.be, cited asr the . Prosecution of Offences Aptj 1384,

Act. and this Act and- thef principal Act may be together cited as the

Prosecution of Offences Acts, 1879 and 1884.

Solicitor of the 2. On and after the, passing of this Act. all appointments made-in fteasory to be pursuance of the principal Act are revoked, and the person fftr the PublicProse- holding the office of Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty^ cutions. Treasury shall ^e.Director .of Public Prosecutions, and perf<?rm#e duties and. have the powers^of- such Director.

39 & 40 Vict. Section three of the Treasury Solicitor Act, 1876, shall exiendto c-18- authorise any assistant solicijbpr Jqr the affairs of Her Majesty's,

Treasury to act on behalf of the said solicitor in his;, capacity^ Director of Public Prosecutions, i Returns as to 3/ The chief officer of every police district in England shall, fro® cWfofficerof time, give to the Director ofPublic Prosecutions inforruajtion

police. with respect to indictable offences alleged to, have been coinnutted

within the district of such chief officer, and to the dealing with those offences, and the said information shall contain such P81* ticulars and be in such form as may be for the time being required by regulations under the principal Act,:

Definitions of 4. The expression "ppljice district'' means- —

" police dis- (1.) The city of London and the liberties thereof; and «cWef officer (1) The Metropolitan'police district; and of police." (3.) Any county or riding, parts, division, or liberty , of a county or borough, town, or place maintaining a separate police force-The expression f chief officer of police - means —

(1.) In the city of London the commissioner of police of the city i and-

(2.) In the metropolitan police district thei commissioner or any ' assistant commissioner of the police of the metropolis ,or, any district superintendent of the metropolitan police force; and (3.) Elsewhere the chief constable, or bead constable, or other officer, by whatever name called, having the chief command o* the police in a police district as defined by this Act.

163

'prosecution oj Offences Act, 1884. Ch. 58, 59.

tg&jj\

1 fTJiAre shall ,be^ repealed the firpt paragraph of section two of. Repeal of part $* cjn^4.ct, beg^pmng with the words "a Secretary of State," ^Pr,nc,Pal the word "fix," also sections three agd,four of. the

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera hospitals. [14th August 1884.]

BE ft enacted by the Queen'smost Excellent Majesty, by and with ‘the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

| Jmij Xjommons, in this .present Parliament assembled, and by the gorily of the same, as follows: l^On jeceiving a certificate from a medical officer of health of the Sanitary , uniop. that a case of the infectious disease known as spasmodic or.^ | iaatic Aolera Has occurred within the sanitary district, it shall sioaofsiteJ j l^kwfql for the authorities of that sanitary district, having first obtained the authority in writing of; the Local Government Board, aadgiv^i such notice as is specified in this Act, to 'take.possession for a, temporary hospital of any site, except as herein-after mentioned, within that sanitary district arid specified in such authority.

2. It shall he sufficient notice; to the owner , or the occupier, or Notice to other persons affected, if a notice has been posted off the walls Aof 0CCUPier-fie, union workhouse, at such place on which notices are usually placed, and of the church or chapel and police station nearest to the site within the sanitary district, that it is intended to take possession Inmon'a day specified in such'notice, not being less than five from the posting of such notice, rind if an affidavit is made that the occupier, if dwelling within the sanitary district, has been served ||| acopy of suchnotice; or that a reasonable effort has been made ? serve him, or/if living without the sanitary district, that a regis-Has been forwarded .to his last known address, jgte. shall \be thus taken which is within three hundred Site not to be ywds of a (iwelling-jtbuse, or . which has any building or; offices within three ?£ePu,.o:rWbieh is enclosedprrused as a garden,pleasure or recrea-'^w

l0h ground, which formts part of any park or .of any enclosed house.

ftesnelands, without the consent of the occupier of such house]

lands, pr .which shall be within three hundred, yards of any cha,pel, schoolhduse, factory, workshop, or other building ^ere any. trade or mercantile operation is being carried on.

4* The owner or occupier shall be entitled to suelx rent and, com- Compensation r^ation for damage as. the . Local ^overnm^t ,;?pard m«y award, to occupier, ^j^nch .'rent and compensation shall be paid by .th©r sanitary . 'hority of the district within one month after such award is %<le.

moye than jt\yd statute acres shall be taken for any site | Limit of land hjj.,^hin. two paaopths after;jit shall, have, been.certified to th% to be taken.

L authority by the medical ;offic<ffn<of the d^ffiCft that (jholera.

within the sanitary district, and that theip is'

*0nger any' occasion' for such" temporary hospital, the sanitary

164 Ch. 59, 60. Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vic*

authority shall remove the same and all foundations; debris, and other materials, and restore the surface of the ground to the same state in which it was found by them on taking possession, and they shall deliver up the possession to the person in whose occupation it was immediately prior to their taking possession thereof.

Penalties. 6. Any person molesting or obstructing the officers of or persons deputed by the sanitary authority when carrying out the provision of this Act, shall be liable on conviction before a court of summary jurisdiction, composed of not less than two justices or one stipend diary magistrate, to a fine not exceeding five pounds or to a term of imprisonment not exceeding two months.

Duration of 7. The powers conferred upon sanitary authorities by this Act powers of shall not be exercised after the first day of May one thousand eight &ocal authon- hundred and eighty-five.

-short title. 8. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Cholera Hospitals (Ireland) Act, 1884.

Definition of 9. In any case in which the sanitary authorities of any mari-

sanitary dis- time union have been directed by order of the Local Government

Board to exercise jurisdiction for the prevention or suppression of cholera over any port which includes portions of any other union or unions, then the words "sanitary district" in this Act shall be construed to include such portions of the lands comprised within the limits of the said port as lie within one mile of high-water mark.

.Extent of Act. 10. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to enable the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylums District to borrow for certain purposes of the Diseases Prevention (Metropolis) Act, 1883. &j9|

[14th August 1884.|

46& 47 Vict. TTjTHEBEAS by section six of the Diseases Prevention (Metro-' c.35. Vi polls) Act, 1883, it is made the duty of the managers of

the Metropolitan Asylum District, and they are thereby required; to provide certain wharves or landing places with convenient, approaches thereto for the embarkation and landing of persons removed to or from any hospital ship or hospital belonging to the said managers, and for any other purpose in relation thereto: T* And whereas doubts have arisen as to the powers of the said managers to borrow for the purpose of providing wharves or landing places and approaches, and also of providing vessels for use in connexion with the said wharves or landing places and the asylums and hospital ships of the said managers, and it is expedient to remove such doubts:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and With the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Asylum Board (Borrowing Powers) Act,. 1884.

165

J884. MetropolUanA syhim Board (Boi'rowing Powers) Act..

2. The provision by the said managers of wharves or landing places and approaches thereto, and the provision and erection of piers, floating dummies, and other necessary and proper erections, adjuncts, or conveniences in connexion, with the said wharves or landing places which have been or at any time hereafter may be mpvided or erected, and the provision of vessels or boats for use in connexion with the said wharves or landing places and the asylums and hospital ships of the said managers which have been or at any time hereafter may be provided shall be deemed to have been and to be and shall be purposes for which the said managers havp been and are authorised to borrow *in pursuance of the Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867, and any Acts altering or amending 30 vict. e. & the same.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Apts; r and for other purposes. [14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further provision concerning ( tT the Supreme Court of Judicature, and the officers thereof and such other matters as are herein-after mentioned:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court of Judicature Short title. Act, 1884; and this Act, together with the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts, 1873 to 1879, and the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1881, may be cited as the Supreme Court of Judicature

Acts, 1873 to 1884.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the twenty-fourth day of Conmence-; /October-one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, which day is men 0 c ' in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act

3. The President for the time being of the Probate Divorce and Precedence of Admiralty Division of the High Court of Justiq©, shall have rank p"j^nt&c and precedence in the Court of Appeal next after all ordinary Division. Judges of that Court appointed before the time at which he shall

have become an ex-officio member thereof.

» 4, A Divisional Court of the Queen's Bench Division, of the Amendment of

High Court of Justice may at any time be constituted of more f93f g0X*ct' than two Judged if the President of the said Division, with the °* ' *' Concurrence of not less than two other Judges thereof, shall be of opinion that it is expedient so to constitute the same.

5. Upon the request of the Lord Chancellor it shall be lawful Absence, va-for any Judve of any Division of the High Court, who may consent fancies, and so to do, to sit and act for or on behalf of any other Judge of the High Court,absent from illness or any other cause, or in the place Judges, of any Judge whose office has become vacant, or as an additional .

Judge of any Division for the purpose of hearing any causes or matters which may be assigned to him by the Lord Chancellor, or any applications therein; and while so sitting and acting any such Judge shall have all the power and authority which such other

166

Ch. 61. Supreme Court of Jvdicature Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict

Judge would have had, or which ordinarily belong to a Judge of such Division, as the case may be. Provided that no such additional Judge shall sit and act in any Division, except with the concurrent of the respective Presidents of the Division to which such Judge belongs, and of the Division in which he may have been requested to sit and act as additional Judge; and the assignment to such Judge of any causes or matters, depending in the Division in Which I he shall so sit and act, shall likewise not be made except with lie concurrence of the President of such last-mentioned Divisions i Power of one 6. Any proceeding in any CAus9 or matter assigned to any Judge

Judge to sit of the High Court of Justice, may at any time, upon the request

for another, and on behalf of such Judge, be heard and disposed of'by any

other Judge of tho same Division, who may be willing to hear and dispose of the same, without any transfer: Provided that, if any party to such proceeding shall object to the same being so heard and disposed of, the same shall not be so heard and disposed of without the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, to be signified/^ an order in "writing under his hand.

13 & 14 Vict. 7. Judges of county courts shall have Overy quaUficatioa'con-c. 25. extended ferred on Her Majesty's Counsel learned in the law by the Act of courtTudtres - the .thirteenth and fourteenth Victoria,'chapter twenty-five.- '

A peals from The provisions of section forty-five of the Supreme CourMf

referees. Judicature Act, 1873, as to certain appeals therein mentioned, Shall 36 & 37 Vict. Extend and apply to all appeals brought after the commencement tf 66, this Act from any award 6r Certificate of a referee or arbitrator when

there has been a compulsory reference to arbitration in any cause or matter in the Queen's Bench Division of the High'Court of Justice.'

Judge may 9. In any cause or matter; (other than A criminal proceeding^ ^?0lftSlby Crown) noW pending or hereafter commenced befo^ethe High Refereein cer- Court of Justice or Court of Appeal, in which all parties who alte tain cases. uiider rid disability consent thereto, the Court or' a Judge may at any time, on such terms as may be thought proper, otilei* the whole cause or matter to be tried before An Official Referee, who shall have power to direct in what manner the judgment of the Cotut Shall be entered, and to exercise the &ame discretion as to costs as the Court or Judge could have exercised.' ‘

Causes which 10. In'all cases in which the Court or a Judge may, under1 see- !

maybe referred tions three, six, or twelve of the Common Law Procedure Adi i maybe^*01 1854), direct any matter to be ascertained‘by a Master or referred referred to An arbitrator, or to an officer Ox the Court;, or appoint an art1' l^reeal trator, such Court or Judge may direct-sudh matter to be ascertain®® by or referred to an Official Referee, Who shall in that case perform1 all such duties and exercise all such powers as would have he®® performed or could have been exercised by such Master, arbitrator or officer.

Parties under II.' Whenever th* parties to -ariy deed or-instrument in writing', agreement of made or executed after the commencement of this Act, or any ® referTo6 may them, -shall agree that any existing; or future difference betwe®® Official them, or any of them, shall be:referred to au Official Referee, it sb&H Referee. ba the duty of any one of the Official Referees to1 whom applicate shall be made for the purpose, subject ed any order Which may made by the Court or a Judge- for the transfer of the matter to

1884. i \$upreme Gowrt of Judiccdure Actf, 1884. . Gtt. 61. jgg

any; other Official Referee, or otherwise, to hear and determine any difference so agreed tm be-referred, and every such agreement shall be deemed to be an agreement to refer to arbitration within the meaning of sections eleven and seventeen of the Common Law fro*

I <>edure Act, 1854.' '<> I n: -

12; Nothing in this Act shall interfere with any existing pro- Saving as to I visions as to any proceedings ^before district registrars; d^taet regis-

13. The provisions of section sixteen uof the Act Eighteen and R,mmarf nineteen Victoria, chapter onS hundred and thirty-four, shall extend applications to all'applications under any Act of Parliament heretofore ‘passed;

I orhereafter toJ be passed, under or by Virtue of which the High c 134i g I6 '

I Court of Justice, or any Judge thereof, is empowered to make (Orders

in respect of trust funds, any other matters,Upon'petition presented, or motion made, in a summary way. '

14.. Where any person neglecfe or referees to comply with a Execution of

judgment or order directing him to execute anyeofrveyarice/bon- by

tract, or other document, or to indorse any negotiable instrument,

the court may, on such terms and conditions (if any) as may be order that such conveyance, contract, or other document shall ! hd* executed, or that such negotiable instrument shall be indorsed by .such personJasJ the'pdttft "may nominafe fof that purpose f'and iriHsiich case' the bonveyiahee, contraetj document, or instrument ' s6 executed or indorsed shall Operate and be for all purposes available as if it had been executed 6r indorsed by the person originally directed to execute'or indqilse it.

15, Proceeding in quo warranto shall be .deemejl.tp be civil pro- Quo warranto, ceedings whether for purposes of appeal or'otherwise.

161., Section one of, the Apt; seventeen, and eighteen; Victoria Amendment of

chapter of Law in * ls-vict.

I England, Xreland^Jand ;Scot]^nd t® issue. process to compel, the * ‘

f; attendance of witnesses out p£ their jurisdictfon,' and to give effect to the seryi<$(gf such processin any part of ^hq United Kingdom," is hereby amended so as to authorise , and empower a Judge of; the High Court to makq orders as; therein mentionqd; as well when the Court is sitting as at any other time.

17. If it shall appear to the Court; or a Judge that any pro-Power to Iqeedjpg now pending:'pr hertaftpr. commenced in the High Court ipf t,ian?fer ^usifoe. ty. .w»y-Pf injt^leader, in which, the amount or value, of ce^ingsPto «Kv.a matter in dispute does not exceed the sum of fi ve, hundred County Court pounds, (being - the .-limit of the .equitable jurisdiction - givgs to County Courts by the County .Courts Act,. 1865,) may be, mote 28,& 29 Vict. ^Conveniently tried and determined in a County Court, the Court c. 99. or Judge may at any . time order, the transfer thereof to .any County jjQourt, in which an action or proceeding might have been brought ,by any one.vpr more of the parties to. such interpleader against .#he ^hers or other, of them, if there had been a trust ,to he executed concerning the matter in question,;. and every such.order shall have the same effect as. if it had been for the. transfer of, a suit, or. preceding under, sectioA eight of the County .Courts. Act) 1867,;, and 80 & si Vict.

.thejQounty Court shall have jurisdiction and authority to;proceed c*142, i therein^ as may be prescribed by any county, court rules for the .time being in force.

168

Jurisdiction of Inferior Courts in counterclaims.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 66.

Patronage

under

42 &-43 ' Vict. c. 78.

Civil Service certificates for Officers of Supreme Court. 42 & 48 Vict. c. 78.

Circuit officers.

88 & 37 Vict. O. 68.

Ch. . 61. Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Yi

18. The jurisdiction of an Inferior Court in cases of counterclaim I under sections eighty-nine and ninety of the Supreme Court of I Judicature Act, 1873, shall not be excluded by reason (1) that any I such counterclaim involves matter not within the local jurisdiction I of such Inferior Court, hut within the jurisdiction of any other I Inferior Court in England; or (2) that, where the counterclaim I involves more than one cause of action, as to each of which the I defendant might have maintained a separate action, each such cause of action being within the jurisdiction of the Court, the aggregate amount of the counterclaim exceeds the jurisdiction of I the Court; or (3) that the counterclaim is for an amount of money I exceeding the jurisdiction of the Court, provided that the plaintiff I does not object in writing, within such time as may be prescribed I by any rules, to the Court giving relief exceeding that which the Court would have had jurisdiction to administer prior to the commencement of this Act. In any case where the counterclaim in- I volves matter beyond the jurisdiction of the Court, notwithstanding I the provisions of this section, the Court may, on such terms (if any) ! as the Court may think just, either adjourn the hearing of the case, or stay execution on the judgment, for such time as may be necessary to enable any party to apply .to remove the proceedings into the High Court of Justice or to enable the defendant to prosecute in a Court of competent jurisdiction an action for the purpose of establishing his counterclaim; and in default of any such application being made, or action brought, the Court shall, after the expiration J of the time limited, have jurisdiction to hear and determine the whole matter in controversy, to the same extent as if all parties had consented thereto.

19. The power and right of filling any vacancy in the office of Master of the Supreme Court, or in any clerkship in the Central Office, by section nine of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879, vested, subject as therein mentioned, in the Lord Chief Justice of England, the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, in rotation and in such order as they by agreement among them-. selves might determine, shall after the commencement of this Act be vested, subject as in the same Act mentioned, in the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice of England, and the Master of the Rolls, is rotation or in such order or manner as they by agreement among themselves may determine.

20. The provisions of section twenty of " The Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879," with respect to pensions under that Act, shall, as regards appointments made after the commencement1 of this Act, extend to salaries under that Act.

21. The power of appointment to such offices connected wifi1 the circuits of the Judges under Commissions of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, or otherwise, as, before the Suprrifle Court of Judicature Act, 1873, came into operation, were in the appointment of the senior Judge going on any circuit, and also the power ofappointmenttoall subordinate offices, the salaries of which are paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, and which may held under any such circuit officers as aforesaid who may be appointed after the commencement of this Act, shall henceforth be vested in

169

1884. >- ISupreme Court of Judicature Act, 1884. gj

the senior Judge going on such circuit for the Winter and Summer Assizes, respectively: Provided that the power of appointment to any such subordinate offices, which before the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, came into operation were in the appointment of any such circuit officer as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be and be in the appointment of the person holding such circuit office at the time of the commencement of this Act, so long as he shall continue to hold the same office: Provided also that all such offices, whether principal or subordinate, as are in this section mentioned, shall be and remain subject to the provisions in the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, or any other Act contained, as to the abolition, reduction of salary, or alteration of the designation or duties of any | such office, and to the provisions of section twenty-one of the Supreme 44 & 45 Vict Court of Judicature Act, 1881, in case of any vacancy in any such c' 68' office; and that nothing in this Act shall take away or affect any power of appointment now vested by law in any Judge appointed before the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873, came into iteration.

22. The offices of the sworn clerks formerly attached to the office Abolition of of the Chancery Examihers (which has ceased to exist) are hereby clerks abolished, and the Treasury may, on the petition of any person to examiners affected by this section, award to him out of moneys provided by in Chancery. Parliament such compensation as, under the circumstances of the

case, they think just and reasonable, regard being had to the conditions on which he was appointed to his office and the duration of his service: Provided that any compensation so granted shall be subject to the provisions of the twentieth section of the Act fourth Mid fifth William the Fourth, chapter twenty-four, and of the eleventh section of the Act twenty-second Victoria, chapter twenty-six.

23. The power to make rules conferred by section seventeen Power to of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875, and enactments make rules, amending the same, shall be deemed to include the power to make

biles for regulating the procedure on appeals from Inferior Courts to the High Court.

24. Where by virtue of any Statute or Charter or otherwise Buies for Inpowers of making rules and orders for regulating the procedure or felior C°urts-practice of or the costs or feestin any Inferior Court of civil jurisdiction are giveiT to or have been exercised by the Judge of any

'dfuch Court pi* any other person, either sblely or jointly With any 'other person, and either with or without the concurrence of any Judge of Her Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature or any other person, any rtiles or orders made after the commencement of this Act my virtue of any such powers as aforesaid shall be subject to the Concurrence of the authority for the time being empowered to make rules for the Supreme Court: Provided that 'the same authority may alter or annul any existing rule or Order as to the matters aforesaid in any such court, if after communication with the judge .or other person by whom such rule Or order was made it shall think fit to do so, subject, where such rule has been made with the concurrence of any judge of the-Supreme Court existing at the commencement of this Act, to the consent of such judge.

Kevemie Act, 1884.

47 & 48 yIct

Oh. G2.

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue and to the Audit of Public Accoh% and for other purposes connected with the Public I Revenue and Expenditure. [14th August 1881]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tea. poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled;.and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Revenue Act, 1884.

PART I.

Amendment of Law Delating to the Customs; j 1

Vessels with 2. (1.) Notwithstanding any provisions in the Customs Acte fe i inward cargo the contrary it shall be lawful, on , the arrival from parts beyond webnart ^.y1 ®eas any ship, having on board cargo intended to be deUyeretj convey certain at more than one port in. the United Eingdom, to permit suc^;B^p goo^ coast- i to convey goods, not, entitled to any drawbimfe or liable toany quotes 'rae* of customs or excise, front any port at which such §hip shall parity

discharge her cargo to her port or ports of destination in the y Kingdom for delivery there' upon the complete separation of.sacji goods from the inward cargo still oh board being effected. fe the satisfaction of the collector or .other proper officer at the port- | Provided that such- conveyance of goods from qne port to another shall not, constitute the ship a coasting shjp within the meaning of the Customs Acts. The lading, unlading, and conveyance of go^j| I under jthis section shall be subject;to, such,Regulations as fehe Qpmmissioners .of Custopis may frojn time tp time prescribe, and ip., case any goods shall be laden, unladen,; conveyed, or dealt with contrary to such regulations, the goods shall he forfeited and fJb,e feaster of the ship shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

allw.iu/i (2.) Part of section one hundred and forty-two of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, that. t is, to say,thejvprdi3 "end no(gQ0(ls " shall he laden on board any ship to be cairied.coast wise untU ah " i gopds brought in spch ship from parts beyond vthe seas^a^. nay? unladen" is,h^eby f§pealed. , , ,

Master or 3. (1.) Upon the expprtatipp of goods for w^t^lioi

owner to de- jg. required, whether; aa. whole < or ..payt. cargo, tqe master of .Wfl# ofgoods11^684 the ship shall, by, himself or , his agent, within six ^day^f^rjl1? shipped, and in bpaljclearance thereof, deliver/to the proper officer; oJ 'customs ft case of steam- manifest, of all thp shipped goods of every /l^d,i seitii^|Qr^L fe? SoSS'to marks, numbers, and descriptions of the packages, $qd the .pames ,of be used on .the,consignors thereof, according to thebills of lading relating ffierej#)

board. and, shall make and subscribe a declaration that such mapp-est contains a true account of all the cargo of ^he,ship.

(2.) Provided that the non-delivery of a .manifest as herem-bef on3 required shall not fee an offence under fehis section if, w spetification oi*, spepiflcatioiiSj prescribed by^ife^-'j^lW. cfellW^.fe 44 & 45 Vict. accordance with, section eleven of the Customs and Inland Revenue

I ;Jgg4 RevmwAd, 1884.

I -let, 1881. there shall be delivered also to the proper officer; of I customs a declaration subscribed by the master, or owner, or the I lament of- the. master or owner, of the ship, that there is contained I .in sach specification or specifications a true account of all the I shipped goods for which no bond is required, and if upon notice in I writing from the proper officer of customs that a full and complete I jnanifest must still be delivered, the same shall be duly furnished I -within forty-eight hours after-such notice shall have been given.

I A notice addressed to the master or owner- and delivered at the .feat known place* of abode or business of the owner, or his agent,

-shall he deemed to be a sufficient notice to the master and owner tinder this section.

(3.) The master or owner of every steamship trading to a foreign -port shall, by himself or his agent, within six days after the-final clearance, of the ship, deliver to the proper officer of customs a certificate of the quantity of coals or fuel shipped for use on the voyage.

; (4.) If any of the requirements of this section be not complied with, of if any manifest or certificate* delivered shall be incomplete % &ebrrefe t, hhesn the master and the o wner of the ship and also* the agent subscribing the declaration or certificate shall each be liable % forfeit the sum df five pounds for every such offence, and they or (anyone* of them at'the election-of the Commissioners of Customs taaj^ne prOeeeded against' 'accordingly-

®f5.)i.jSCetion one* hundred and eleven of the Customs Consolidation 89 & 40 Vict. Act, 18*76, is hereby repealed. °*6*

4; Articles of foreign plate which-in the opinion of the Comihis- Exemption of sioners Of Customs may be properly described as hand-chased, inlaid, certain oriental bronzed or' fihgtee-worisiv.of oriental pattern,* shall,'Subject to the pIate* ' 'payment of the1 proper duties of customs, be exempted from assay in the United Kingdom.

5. ^TKis part of this Aetshalbbe construed as one with the Customs Construction Consolidation Act, 1876, and Part One of the Revenue Act"; 1883. of Part L of

II Ilfll'llIM"-_» .*(,. Act,

PART II,

AdlENDMENT; OF. LiJW .RELATING TO THE INLAND REVENUE.

6. J(l;) The parishes.1 of places for the- time being existingfor the p0or Law purposes of poor law administration in England elsewhere than in parishes in fthe Metropolis, ais defined 'by- the-Valuation-(Metropolis); Act,* 1869,

shall" after the fifth day *of April one thousand eight htmdred and purposes of -eighty^ftye, and in the Said MetropOlis^ebewhere than in the city of income tax and rhon<lon shall, after the* fifth-day of April-one thousand eight hundred and* eighty-six,be the parishes and places for-which the assessments 32 & 33 Vict. bfthe1 duties inhabited houses

shall I be made, and for which assessors and _ collectors shall be appointed for the purpose of assessing and ^ohectdng the said duties:' i ' v'y vninuni&ih

(2.) In case any parish or place shall be partly in the juxasdiction of one body of general eoinnifesioners and* partly in the'-jurisdiction . of 'another body; or - other bodies, Of general commissioners, the Board Of I Inland Revenue' shall, by order in writing;!-determine Which of the two or Several bodies of general commissioners shall

. Ch. 62. Revenue Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vic*

have the jurisdiction, and the whole of the parish or place shall he within such jurisdiction accordingly.

(3.) If the Board of Inland Revenue shall at any time be of opinion that any parish or place is so large that for the sake of convenience it ought to be divided into districts for which separate assessors and collectors should be appointed, the Board may, with 1 the sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, certify in writing to the general commissioners in whose jurisdiction the parish or place is, that the same shall be divided into the districts specified in the certificate at the time therein mentioned, and at and after that time each of such districts shall be treated as a parish or place for which a separate assessment of the said duties is to be made, and assessors and collectors are to be appointed.

(4.) Any such division may be at any time altered or annulled by the Board, with the sanction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, upon a certificate to that effect sent to the said general | commissioners.

(5.) The union or grouping of parishes or places existing in conformity with law for the purposes of taxes or the collection thereof shall, subject to the powers for the dissolution of such union or grouping, continue in force so far as the same can so continue consistently with the provisions of this section, and the powers in relation to the union or grouping of parishes contained in the Taxes c319.44 VICT Management Act, 1880, shall remain in full force and effect so far as the same are capable of being exercised consistently with such provisions.

Amendment of 7. The Taxes Management Act, 1880, shall be amended as 43 & 44 Vict. follows: —

c*19, (1.) The word " parish " in section ninety means in Scotland county

or burgh, and with respect to the duties contained in the certificate mentioned in such section, the same shall in Scotland be recovered under the provisions contained in section ninety-seven.

(2.) No moveable goods and effects belonging to any person in Scotland at the time any of the duties or land tax became in arrear or were payable shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any poinding, sequestration, or diligence whatever, or by any assignation, unless the person proceeding to take the said goods and effects shall pay the duties or land tax so in arrear or payable, provided such duties or land tax shall not be claimed for more than one year; and in case the duties or land tax shall be claimed for more than one year then the party proceeding to take the said goods and effects after paying the duties and land tax for one whole year may proceed as he might have done if no duties and land tax had been so claimed But if the said party refuses to pay the duties and land tax for one year, the duties and land tax so claimed shall be recovered by poinding, distraining, and selling the said moveable goods and effects notwithstanding under warrant obtained in conformity with the provisions contained in section ninety-seven.

(3.) Where an officer of Inland Revenue has been appointed to be an assessor within any county or burgh for the purposes of the Act of the session of the seventeenth and eighteenth years

173

Revenue Act, 1884. Oh. (52.

of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter ninety-one, no other person shall be appointed to be assessor for the district or division of such officer for the duties to which the Taxes Management Act, 1880, relates, provided that where a person other than the officer of Inland Revenue of a district or division is assessor for or within such district or division at the time of the passing of this Act, he shall be as capable of being ,re-appointed assessor as if this Act had not been passed.

9, On and after the first day of August one thousand eight Amendment of Hundred and eighty-four the Act of the thirtieth and thirty-first 3! Vict,

years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-three, shall be amended as follows: — *

(1.) In section four the term "sea insurance " shall include any insurance of goods, wares, or merchandise, or property of any description whatever, for any transit which includes not only a sea risk, but also any land risk from the commencement of such transit to the place of shipment, or from the place of discharge of the ship to the ultimate destination covered by the insurance, or in warehouse while waiting or being forwarded for shipment, or after discharge and while waiting to be forwarded or being forwarded to the ultimate destination covered by the insurance or any other land risk incidental to the transit insured.

(2.) Section eleven shall be read as if the words " thirty days " were substituted therein for the words " twenty-four hours."

(3.) The provision as to separate and distinct .interests in Schedule B. is hereby repealed.

9. A statutory declaration made, either before or after the passing Exemption of this Act, under the provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act, from stamp 1835, and forming part of an application for a patent in conformity dedans with the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883, shall be tion forming deemed to have been and shall be exempt from the stamp duty of Pai* of *ppS-two shillings and sixpence charged on a statutory declaration made for under the said provisions by the Stamp Act, 1870.

10. Whereas the Stamp Act, 1870, requires every person in any Amendment of part of the United Kingdom who acts as an attorney, solicitor, 33 & 84 Vict. proctor, writer to the signet, agent, procurator or notary public to respects

take out annually a duly stamped certificate in manner required by stamped cer-the said Act: Be it enacted as follows " 6dicitors°of

Nothing in the Stamp Act, 1870, shall require any such duly pubUc depart-stamped certificate as is mentioned in section fifty-nine of that Act ments and to be taken out by a person who is by law authorised to act as their clerks' solicitor of a public department without admission, or by any assistant or clerk or officer appointed to act under the direction of such solicitor.

1L Notwithstanding any provision t-o the contrary contained in Representation any local or private Act of Parliament, the production of a grant of i£.jHUnited representation from a court in the United Kingdom by probate ^StuteThe or letters of administration or confirmation shall be necessary to title to assets establish the right to recover or receive any part of the personal estate and effects of any deceased person situated in the United 81 a e* Kingdom. Provided that, where any insurance company is authorised by- a local or private Act of Parliament to pay money in

174

Ch. 62. Revmtoe, 4^1684. 47 & 43 y.

respect of any policy of life insurance pn production of a grant of j representation obtained in the. empire of India or in any , of the I colonies, the production, of a grant of representation from a, pomt the UmtedKingdom shall not he necessary in case the policy was j effectedjbefore the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four. a Nor. shall such production be necessary in case the I policy was .effected on or; after the said day if the company shall, I before paying such money, have deducted, therefrom, and paid to* ! the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, the amount which would have been payable for duty in respect of the money if there had been a grant of representation from a court in. the United Kingdom. v . Licences for 12. (1.) It shall be lawful for any railway company (including tobacco in * such term -any person or persons who is or are proprietor or pro-rail-way car- prietors of a railway or of carriages used for the conveyance of riages. passengers upon a railway) to make application to the Commissioners I of Inland Revenue for the -grant of a licence or licences for the dealing in and sale of tobacco and snuff by any means personal, j mechanical, or otherwise in any railway carriage of which such j company are the proprietors.

- (2.) Such application shall be made upon a form - to be provided I by - the Commissioners and containing such particulars as they may prescribe.

(3.) The licence shall he granted by the Commissioner upon payment in respect of each carriage of the excise duty of five shillings 1 and threepence and shall expire on the fifth day .of July after the date thereof.

(4.) All the enactments relating- to the dealing, in. and-sale of j tobacco and snuff and excise licences shall be -applicable) to. sfich carriages - and licences, and every carriage in respect of j which a licence is granted shall be deemed to-be "premises 7..off>a/ dealer in and seller of tobacco within the meaning. of: the enactments relating to the dealing in and sale of tobacco or snuff.

(5.) -If any-railway company shall deal in or sell tobacco or snuff, or suffer tobacco-or snuff to he dealt in or sold in any . railway carriage without having in force a licence authorising the company so to do, .such company shall incur a fine bf fifty pounds, and if in any ‘proceedings for the recovery of '.such, fine any question shall arise as to the proprietorship of any railway carriage the proof of proprietorship shall lie. upon the defendant. I

I l ‘ii. PART IIL . rtT f - ' t MlSd^LLAITEOUS.

13. Whereas under the Government Annuities Acts, 1853, and 1864,i and under the Greenwich- Uospital 'Acti ^1.372^ applyjngrthe first-mentioned Acts, fees are authorised tOjb® charged

applicable to meet the expenses of granting, and managing Government annuities granted under the said Acts: ,

And whereas in the estimate submitted, to th©/ Blouse of Commons for the expenses of granting and managing the said annuities, a note has been inserted to the effect that the amount expanded for the said purpose would he repaid to the Exchequer out of fees: . (

Payment of sum due. to Exchequer from Post Office in respect of expense! for grant of " Government annuities.

16 & 17 Vict. e.45.

j834. < Revenue Ad, 1884. . Ch. 62,63. J75

,frAii<i ffhereds the fees* so taken have been insufficient to meet 27 & 28 Vict. the said expenses, and consequently a sum is due from, the Post c.43.

OiBce to the Exchequer in respect of the said expenses,jmd it is J56*36 Vict* expedient that the 3aid sum should be written off: Be.,it therefore enacted as follows : : jjj

Hie Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury. may direct to be written off the claim of the Exchequer for any sum due in account from the Post Office in respect of the excess of the expenses' of granting and managing Government annuities over and above the fees received in respect of such annuities.

14, Whereas under the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, Amendment of 1866, the Comptroller and Auditor-General is directed to ascertain ^iot. whether the payments are 'supported by; vouchers or proofs of Whatconstl-payment: tutes vouchers

"And whereas it is expedient to define the nature of the documents of

which in certain cases are to constitute vouchers' or proofs of payments out of ment. Be it therefore enacted as follows :-L-, "j.. money granted

Where payment out of money granted by Parliament for army navywrdws services or navy services is made in respect of pay, wages, pensions, gratuities, or allowances to..persons who are serving or have served in any of Her Majesty's naval or military forces, or are, or have been employed in any of Her Majesty's naval or military dstab-lishmCntSj Such payments may be made and witnessed in manner for the'tithebeing prescribed by regulations approved by the Treasury; and any pay sheet, list, certificate, or document showing any such payment when attested by the persons whose duty it is under the said asgulations to: make, jaaffi/vwitness i that, payment shall b© a voucher on proof nf payment JorTthe purposes. of section.: twenty-seven of the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act; <1866.-1 Any reference in; any enactment^ whether past or future, .to the Comptroller and Auditor-General shall," unless anything in such enactment is inconsistent there with, be deemed to refer to the Gomp-traltgr-General,of the receipt and issue of Her Majesty's,Exchequer and Auditor-General of public accounts appointed mipyrsuance of the-'Exchequer and Audit Departments A^to 1866.

This section shall he construed-as part, of the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, .!866.

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to amend the Trusts (Scotland) Act,. 1867.

[14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by an Aet-passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty- 24 & 25 Vict.

w fifth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, intituled A.n c-84-Act to amend the law in Scotland relative to , the, resignation.

Powers, and; liabdities-of,. gratuitous, trustees, and by.gn Act passed in the,-twenty sixth amd.twen^ of Her

present Majesty* intituled An Act to explain the jAct for the amend- 26&2T Vict.

meet of the \mand by ' the/Trusts (BeoUand) 1 Apt,-, 1^67, ce^taiW; JK)^em are(^9hfen*ed on ao^&ai Vict. gratuitous trustees in Scotland t

Short title.

Definition of trust.

Powers of investment.

And it is expedient to amend the said Acts, and to extend the powers thereby conferred:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may he cited as the Trusts (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1884, and the said Acts and this Act may be cited as the Trusts (Scotland) Acts, 1861 to 1884, and shall be read and construed together.

2. In the construction of the said recited Acts and of this Act, —

* Trust " shall mean and include any trust constituted by any deed or other writing, or by private or local Act of Parliament, or by resolution of any corporation or public or ecclesiastical body, and the appointment of any tutor, curator, or judicial factor by deed, decree, or otherwise.

" Trustee " shall include tutor, curator, and judicial factor. "Judicial factor" shall mean any person judicially appointed factor upon a trust estate or upon the estate of a person incapable of managing his own affairs, factor loco tutoris, factor loco absentis, and curator bonis.

The words " East India Stock" shall have the meaning assigned to them by an Act passed in the session holdeninthe thirtieth and thirty-first years of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty-two.

3. Trustees under any trust may, unless specially prohibited by the constitution or terms of the trust, invest the trust funds —

(a.) In the purchase of —

1. Any of the Government stocks, public funds, or securities of the United Kingdom:

2; Stock of the Bank of England:

3. Any securities the interest of which is or shall be guaranteed

by Parliament:

4. Debenture stock of railway companies in Great Britain

incorporated by Act of Parliament:

5. Preference, guaranteed, lien, annuity, or rentcharge stock,

the dividend on which is not contingent on the profits of the year, of such railway companies in Great Britain as have paid a dividend on their ordinary stock for ten years immediately preceding the date of investment:

6. Stock or annuities issued by any municipal corporation in

Great Britain, which annuities, or the interest or dividend upon which stock are' secured upon rates or taxes levied by such municipal corporation Under the authority of any Act of Parliament:

7- East India Stock, stocks or other public funds of the government of any colony of the United Kingdom approved by the Court of Session, and also bonds or documents of debt of any such government approved as aforesaid, provided such stocks, bonds, or others are not payable to the bearer:

8. Feu-duties or ground-annuals.

177

1084. Trusts.(Scotland) AmendmentAct, 1884. Ch..63,.64.

(b.) In loans —

9. On the security of any of the stocks, funds, or other property aforesaid:

10. On real or heritable security in Great Britain:

11. On debentures or mortgages of railway companies in Great

Britain incorporated by Act of Parliament:

12. On bonds, debentures, or mortgages, secured on rates or

taxes levied under the authority of any Act of Parliament, by municipal corporations in Great Britain authorised to borrow money on such security:

13. On Indian railway stock, debentures, bonds, or mortgages

on which the interest is permanently guaranteed by the Indian Government and payable in sterling money in Great Britain.

(Provided that the trustees shall not be held to be subject as fei defendants or respondents to the jurisdiction of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity in England or Ireland, either as trustees or personallyy in any suit for administration !' of the trust by reason of their having invested or lent trust f funds as aforesaid;

and section five of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1867, is hereby Repeal, .repealed.

CHAPTER 64.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to EjOriminal Lunatics. [14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act may be cited as the Criminal Lunatics Act, 1884, Short titles, t The Acts mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act are in this Act referred to and may be cited by the short titles mentioned in the third column of the said Schedule.

c. 2. — (1.) Where a prisoner is certified, in manner provided in this Order for section, to be insane, a Secretary of State may if he thinks fit, by ^arrant direct such prisoner to be. removed to the asylum named soner as cri-in the warrant, and thereupon such prisoner shall be removed to minal lunatic, and received in such asylum, and, subject to the provisions of this Act relating' to conditional discharge and otherwise, shall be detained therein, or in any other asylum to which he may be transferred in pursuance of this Act, as a criminal lunatic until he Mfeases to be a criminal lunatic.

.(2.) A person shall cease to be a criminal lunatic if he is Remitted to prison or absolutely discharged in manner provided by "this Act, or if any term of penal servitude or imprisonment to which he may be subject determines.

LV (3;) Where it appears to any two members of the visiting ^committee of a prison that a prisoner in such prison, not being 'Under sentence of death, is insane, they shall call to their assistance "two legally qualified medical practitioners, and such members and

Ch. 64. . \ Crimiml Lwwtics Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vi<% I

practitioners shall examine such prisoner and inquire as to I insanity, and after such examination and inquiry may certify I writing that he is insane.

(4.) In the case of a prisoner under sentence of deathyif it appears to a Secretary of State, either by means of a certificate I signed by two .members of the' visiting committee of the prison in I which such prisoner is confined, or by any other means, that there I it reason to bfelieve such prisoner to be insane, the Secretary of I State shall appoint two or more legally qualified medical prac- I titioners, and the said medical practitioners shall forthwith examine I such prisoner and inquire as to his insanity, and after such examina- I tion and inquiry such practitioners shall make a report in writing I to the Secretary of State as/to - the sanity of the prisoiier, and they, I or the majority of them, may certify in writing that he-is insane., ;

(5.) The powers and duties: by this section conferred and imposed I on any two members of the visiting committee of a prison shall be I exercised in the case of a prisoner in) any prison within the juris- I diction of the Directors of Convict Prisons by the said directors or I one of them, and in the case of a prisoner in any prison within the . jurisdiction of |he Prison Commissioners may also be exercised 'by. the said commissioners or one of them, and in the case of a prisoner, in any prisQn not within the jurisdiction of such director^ or. commissioners shall be exercised by two visitors of the prison, or by two justices of the county orplace in which suchprison is.situate., ® Remitting of 3. Where,it; is cextifie.dby.two legally .^qualified =» medical prae-^tia^son8" ^ioners that a person, being a criminal lunatic (not being persig.; c n" with respect to whom a special verdict has been returned that.be Was guilty of the act or omission charged against him, but was insane at the time when he committed the act or made the omission) is sane, a Secretary of State, if: satisfied that it is proper so,-t6 do, may by warrant direct such person to bte remitted to prison, to be dealt with according to law- '; ii.t Periodical 4. — (l.) The superintendent of an asylum or other place in which

crminidluna- lunatic is detained shall make a report to a Secrbthry

ties. of' Statbs at such times (not being less than oriee a year) and cot-

taining such, particulars as the Secretary of 'State may require

‘ the .condition and eircumstahces of every eriminal lunaticin£uch asylum or place; and the 'Secretary of State-shall, at 1 least. once in : ' . every three years ddring which a criminal lunatic: is detained in ' any atrium or: other place, take! into consideration the condition,

history, and} circumstances of . such lunatic, and. determine whether he ought to he- discharged of | otherwise dealt with, ij (2.): Where :a criminal lunatic >is' conditionally- discharged; © pursuance of -this Act, a report Of. his condition shall be made toft Secretary of State by such person .at sudi::times and: containing . Bueh particulars as may be required by the Warrant of discharge. Transfer and | »A Secretary of State may from'time to times by- warrant

(absolute or direct the transfer to .an' asylumiof any < criminal lunatic-detained in conditional) of any other asylum or in any other place, and such criminal' lunatic shall accordingly he received' and detained in the asylum to (which . ‘ heis so; transferred/'

28 & 24 Vict. A Secretary of State by warrant may al^olutely discharge

c. 75.8.9; any criminal, lunatic, and may also discharge any criminal lunatic

1-884.

Criminal Lunatic* Act', 1884.

Ch. 6-4.

179

conditionally, that is to say, on such conditions as to the duration 27 & 28 Vict.

of such discharge and otherwise as the Secretary of State may c-29 s-2>‘

... 1. "1 30 Vict. & 12.

think ht. gg j n . r

0,(3.) Where in pursuance of this section a criminal lunatic has

been discharged conditionally, if any of the conditions of such dis- v

eharge appear to a Secretary of State to be broken, or the conditional 1

discharge is revoked, the Secretary of State may by warrant direct

him to be taken into custody, and to be conveyed to some asylum .

named in the warrant; and he may thereupon be taken in like >r

manner as if he had escaped from such asylum, and shall be received

and detained therein as if he had been removed thereto in pursuance

of the foregoing provisions of this Act.

6. Where a person, being a criminal lunatic, is detained in any Duty of.

asylum or place, and either he is absolutely discharged or the term superintendent / , r ' . , , .® . 1.7 on discharge or.

01 penal servitude or imprisonment to which he is subject deter- expiration of mines, it shall be the duty of the superintendent of such asylum sentence, or place, unless satisfied that the said person is sane, to take all ^reasonable means for his being placed under the care of some relation or friend, or in some asylum or place for the reception of lunaticS.

.7. — (1.) Where a person being a criminal lunatic is detained in person' an .asylum or other place, or being a prisoner in any prison is ceasing to be ^certified in manner provided by this Act to be insane, but has not beep directed by the Secretary of State to be removed to an asylum, coming pauper and it'is made to appear to any justice of the peace having juris?lunatic.

3iction where such .asylum or place dr prison is situate, or being a member of the visiting committee Of-such prison/by notice in yriting; signed by the superintendent of ,such asylum or plaee> or by Jbe governor of such prison, either —

that such person is about tobe absolutely discharged, or - that.any term of penal servitude or .imprisonment to which such person is subject is about to.determine, and that in the opinion of such superintendent or governor: Such person is insane and unfit to -beat largedthe said justice/ shall examine such, person and make. anJ inquixy and take any medical fir ether e violence which;, he may deem necessary respecting him;

K (£.) The said justice, if satisfied on such examination and inquiry mat such person is insane and a proper person to be detained under ,1

and treatment, shall-make an order fort his| detention as a .tc »

Satie in the asylum or place of confinement for lunatics named la the order; and if within one month after the date of the said ;

notice suqh criminal lunatic is absolutely discharged, or such term . , Hj 1 of penal servitude or imprisonment determines, the said Order? shall " hereupon take effect, and he shall be deemed to be a pauper lunatic. ' .

\ An .order under .tlfis section shall be in such form -as may

be prescribed by a Secretary Of State,.and there shall be inserted ip.

%very such qrder, whereof it be possible, the name and address of jOne or more of the relations'of the lunatic;

0,): At any time before a .person for whost detention an order, is made under this-section is detained in an asylum on place of cqn-finement for lunatics in .pursuance thereofj-such' order may, be amended or cancelled and a. new order made by the justice who

made the original order, or, if such justice is unable to act, by any other justice having jurisdiction in the same place.

Provision as to 8. — (1.) Where by virtue of an order made by a justice under

detention of this Act a person becomes a pauper lunatic, such person shall for coming pauper the purposes of this Act be deemed to be primal facie chargeable to lunatic. the union or parish in the United Kingdom in which it appears to the justice making the order that the ordinary residence of such person was situate at the time when the offence in respect of which I he became a criminal lunatic was alleged to have been committed, and, if such residence is not shown to the satisfaction of the said justice, then to such union or parish in the United Kingdom as follows, namely, —

(a.) To that in which it appeal's to the said justice that the said offence was alleged to have been committed; or,

(b.) If it appears that the offence was alleged to have been committed out of the United Kingdom, to that in which it appears to the said justice that such person was first apprehended for j such offence; or,

(c:) If such person appears to have been so apprehended out of : the United Kingdom, to that in which it appears to the said justice that such person first landed in the United Kingdom*: Provided that, if such person appears to the justice making the order to have been a man in the naval or military service of Her Majesty ot to have been the wife or infant child of a man in such naval, or military service, at the time when the offence was alleged to have been committed, such person shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be primft facie chargeable to the union or parish in the United Kingdom to which the man in such naval or military service appears to the said justice from the statements in the declaration made on his entry into the naval service of Her Majesty, or in his attestation paper on enlistment, or from other available information, to be by law chargeable for the purposes of the Acts relating to the relief of the poor.

(2.) Subject as herein-after mentioned, an order made by a justice under this Act for the detention of a person as a lunatic shall, on such person becoming a pauper lunatic, have the same effect as an order of a justice, and medical certificate, made in pursuance of 16 & 17 Vict. section sixty-eight of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, in the case of c. 97. a ;iunatic found wandering at large in the union or parish to which

such person is primd, facie chargeable, and all the provisions of the 8 & 9 Vict. Lunacy Act, 1845, and of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and of .y.ct any Acts amending those Acts or either of them shall apply accord-c. 97. 1 ingly in like manner as if such person had been sent from that

union or parish:

And such person on becoming a pauper lunatic, if detained is an asylum or place of confinement to which lunatics may be sent in pursuance of the said Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, shall be deemed to have been received therein in pursuance of the said order of detention, and if detained elsewhere shall be removed by a person named in the order, or any constable, to the asylum or place of confinement for lunatics named in the order, being one to which 8 justice can send a lunatic found wandering at large in the aforesaid or parish:

181

I 0^ Criminal Lunatics Act, 1884. Ch. 64.

, Provided that if such pauper lunatic is certified by a legally Hpfified medical practitioner to be unfit for removal to such last-mentioned asylum or place of confinement, he may either be removed 'fo and detained in any nearer asylum or place of confinement for lunatics willing to receive him, or maybe detained in any asylum or 4MsLpa in which a criminal lunatic may be detained, but in either case be shall be deemed to have been sent to the asylum or place of confinement in which he is so detained, in pursuance of section sixty-eight of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and the expenses incurred in relation to such lunatic shall be defrayed, and the lunatic, when fit to be removed, may be removed accordingly, and where the lunatic is detained in any asylum or place to which lunatics cannot be sent, in pursuance of the Lunatic Asylums Act,

1853, the provisions of the above-mentioned Acts shall apply as if such asylum or place were an asylum within the meaning of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and the council of supervision or other (persons having control thereof were visitors.

(3.) Provided that in any case where the union or parish to which a person will for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be prima* facie chargeable is in Scotland or Ireland, the justice making an order under this Act for the detention of such person as a lunatic shall report the same to a Secretary of State, and thereupon a Secretary of State, may, by warrant, direct the removal of such person upon his becoming a pauper lunatic to Scotland or Ireland, as the case may be, and if he is unfit to be removed shall cause the expenses incurred in relation to such person to be paid and they shalLbe paid by the same persons and out of the same funds as if he had been actually removed.

p-(4.) Where , such person is removed to Scotland, he shall be Removed to the general prison at Perth, and may be dealt with in the same manner as if he were a person certified to be insane in pursuance of section twenty-three of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862, 25 & 26 Vict* and had been committed to a local prison for the place to which he e- 54-ds prima, facie changeable.

(5.) Where such, person is removed to Ireland he shall be removed to the central criminal lunatic asylum established in pursuance of ithe Central Criminal Lunatic Asylum (Ireland) Act, 1845, and shall 8 & 9 vict;-he received in the said central criminal lunatic asylum, and may be 107' dealt with in maimer provided by; section twelve of the Lunatic 38&39 Victv y|svlums (Ireland) Act, 1875, as if he were a person therein confined c' 67' pliose sentence had expired; but he . shall: not, by reason only that he ids for the purposes of this Act deemed to be prima facie chargeable to any union or parish, be deemed for the purposes of the said section to belong to the district, comprising such union or parish.

9. With respect to the transfer by warrant , of a Secretary of Restriction oa State, and the removal by order of a justice under, this Act, of a S°Jerof' ( person from an asylum (for criminal lunatics appointed by Her state as^ majesty, in pursuance of the Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860, gaids lunatics-to an asylum within the meaning of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, ^rfor the foUawingprovisionpi shall have effect: ./ asylum/

fck (1.) The Secretary of State or justice shall be satisfied either, by as & 24 Vict-avcertificate from a legally qualified medical practitioner, that c-75,

H^the said person is in such a state of insanity that he can be

properly treated in an ordinary asylum, or that the committee of visitors of the asylum to which the said person is proposed to be transferred or removed consents to receive him; . vjgal , (2.) If the said person becomes a pauper lunatic under this Act and the consent to receive him of the committee of visitors of the asylunl is required, and is not given, he may be removed to and detained in any asylum or place in which lunatics may be detained which is willing to receive him, and the costs of his removal to and maintenance in such asylum or place shall he defrayed by the said committee of visitors;

(3.) Where the' said person has been transferred to any such asylum as a criminal lunatic, and thei committee of visitors of the asylum satisfy a Secretary of State that the said criminal lunatic is in such a state of insanity that he cannot be properly treated in the said asylum, and request the Secretary of State to transfer him to some other asylum, the Secretary of State shall so transfer him, and the costs of that transfer shall he defrayed by the' said committee of visitors; i (4.) Where a pauper lunatic under this section is removed to and detained in any asylum or place in consequence of the committee of visitors.of an asylum'not? consenting to receive him, such pauper lunatic shall be deemed to have been sent to and to be detained in the said asylum or place, in pursuance of section 16 & 17 Vict. sixty-eight of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853; c*97* (5.) Any costs directed by this section to he defrayed by a com?

mittee of visitors shall be a simple contract debt of such com-I mittee of visitors, and shall he paid as part of the general expenses of the asylum.

Provision as to. 10. — (lk) Subject as in this section > mentioned, all expenses

expenses of incurred under , this Act in relation to a criminal lunatic while maintenance of .

criminal detained, in an Asylum, and all expenses ol removing a person on Jus

lunatic. becoming under this Act a -pauper lunatic to an asylum or place of confinement for lunatics in any part of the United Kingdom, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and the costs of maintenance of a criminal lunatic in any asylum within the meaning 16 & 17 Vict. of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853>. shall be at the same rate as if he c. 97.. was a. lnmatic sent from a union or parish situate elsewhere than in

the .county or borough to which the asylum belongs, n Li ;(2.) /Where a person, being a criminal lunatic, is absolutely dis-chatged before the expiration of any term of penal servitude or imprisonment to which he is subject, or is conditionally discharged in pursuance , of this Act, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from time to-time contribute, out of moneys provided by .Parliament, such sum or sums, on the recommendation of"® I jg Secretary of State, as they from time to time think fit towardsthe costs of the maintenance of such* person, until the expiration of the said sentence, or so long as <hW continues to be subject to any conditions of discharge (as the . case may he).

.< <(3.). Section one hundred and fouc of the Lunatic Asylums.. Act* 1853, with respect to the:application 'of the property of a lunatic for his maintenance and for the' .other, charges in the .said section mentioned, and the other sections of the Lunatic Asylums A-nfyl 853, which are ancillary to thfer said section one hundred and four, shall

I Onminal Lwmtics Act, 1884, Ch. 64*

J jgtend to a criminal lunatic wherever he may be detained, and to Ids property, in like maimer as if the said sections were herein I re-enacted and in terms made applicable thereto, and any power-exerciseable by justices under the said section may, for the purposes of this section, be exercised by two justices of the county or place fhere such lunatic is detained.

The Lord Chancellor, «or other authority having power to make orders with respect to the property of a lunatic, under sections twelve, thirteen, and fourteen of the Lunacy Regulation Act, 1862, shall, if satisfied by affidavit or otherwise that a person is or-has been a criminal lunatic, and continues to be insane and to be in I, ^confinement, have power to make any such Order with respect to the property of such person, and the application thereof for the maintenance or benefit of him or his family, or for carrying on his trade or business, as may be made in pursuance of the said sections of the Lunacy Regulation Act, 1862.; " 25 & 26 Vict

't'(4.) When the criminal lunatic was a person removed from India ^pursuance of the Lunatics Removal (India) Act, 1851, all expenses 14 & is Vict. attending the removal Of any such person from India, and his safe custody and maintenance, shall continue to be defrayed in the same manner as if this Act had not been passed.

.) Sections eleven and twelve of the Criminal Lunatic Becapfareof Asylums Act, 1860, shall apply to every asylum or place in which nna~

'criminal lunatics are confined so far as regards those lunatics, and punishment to the criminal lunatics in such asylum or place, in all respects as if forJ^ul°g , |uch asylum or place were an asylum for criminal lunatics appointed 0 by Her Majesty in pursuance of that Act, and any, officer,; servant, -or , other person committing any such offence as is mentioned in the said section twelve shall be liable to be convicted and punished Accordingly.

pt(2.) If a person escapes while being conveyed to an asylum or frplace in pursuance of this Act he may be re-taken at any time, in; fike maimer as if he had escaped from the said asylum.

12. A Secretary of State may from time to time fiaake, and when Treatment of. uiade revoke tind vary, regulations for the treatment of persons sen- .»

fenced to or ordered to be kept in penal servitude or imprisonment who appear, in accordance with the said regulations, 4o he from imbecility Of mind either. unfit for penal discipline jor unfit ,for the same f penal discipline as Other prisoners.

|13. Nothing in this Act shall restrain or affect thfe authority of ofof Her Majestyy where She may so think fit, to make any order with Sownlo Like Respect to any person for-whose safe Custody during Her pleasure orders.

Her Majesty is by law authorised to give order.

hi 14.- — (1 ) Subject as herein-after iprovidedj this Act shall -apply Provision as to to any person who at the commencement of this Act is, in pursuance crimLmd of the Acts relating to,criminal lunatics, detained in an asylum.or lunatics, place of. confinement, for lunatics; provided that any such person <fetained invpurauaaiceVof section six-of the Orimiiial Lunatics Act, so&ai Vict. 1867, shall on the commencement of this Act be deemed to. be a c' 12‘ person who has become under this Act' a pauper lunatic. ‘ j

(2.) An order under this1 Act for fii detehtibn of anj^ person as a,paupeRjlixoatic may be made before - the commencement of . this Act, but shall not take effect until such commencement.' >

Ch. 64.

184~

Making and execution of warrant of Secretary of State.

Criminal Lunatics Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict

15. A warrant of a Secretary of State under this Act may be under the hand of a Secretary of State or of an Under Secretary of State, and may be executed by the person to whom it is addressed or by any constable; and such warrant when it relates to a person' not in custody may be executed in like manner as if it were warrant for the arrest of a person charged with an offence, and it shall be the duty of every constable to aid in the execution of every warrant of a Secretary of State under this Act.

Interpretation 16. In this Act, if not inconsistent with the context, the following words and expressions have the meanings herein-after assigned to-them respectively; that is to say,.

" Criminal lunatic " means any of the following persons: — .

(a) any person for whose safe custody during Her Majesty's pleasure Her Majesty or the Admiralty is authorised to give-order; and

16 & 17 Vict. c. 97.

28 & 24 Vict. C. 75.

(b) any prisoner whom a Secretary of State or the Admiralty has in pursuance of any Act of Parliament directed to be removed to an asylum or other place for the reception of insane persons:

" Prison " means any prison or place of confinement to which a person may be committed whether on remand or for trial, safe custody, or punishment, or otherwise, under any other j than civil process; and " prisoner" means any person so committed: " Secretary of State " means one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State:

" The Admiralty " means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or any two or more of the Commissioners, for executing the office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom:

" Superintendent " includes any person in charge of an asylum or other place for the confinement of lunatics " Asylum " means an asylum within the meaning of the Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853, and an asylum for criminal lunatics appointed by Her Majesty in pursuance of the .Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860, and includes a hospital registered for the reception of lunatics, but does not include a licensed house; provided that a hospital registered as aforesaid shall not be under any obligation by virtue of this Act to receive any criminal lunatic:

" Costs of maintenance" include, in relation to any lunatic, the cost of the lodging, clothing, medicine, and care of such lunatic; and " expenses incurred under this Act in. relation to a criminal lunatic " shall be deemed to include the costs of his maintenance as so defined.

Repeal. 17. The Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this. Act are

,; , hereby- repealed, as from the commencement of this Act, to the

extent shown in the third column of the said schedule; hut this repeal shall not affect any warrant issued, or order made, or thing done in pursuance of any enactment so repealed.

mentXa*" V 18* This Act shall, save as in this Act otherwise provided, come extent of Act. in^° operation on the first day of November, one thousand eight

jg8& j Criminal Lwriatics Act, 1884. .' dm 64'

hundred and eighty-four, which day is in this Act referred to as " the commencement of this Act."

Save as in this Act otherwise expressly provided, this Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE; .. semtA

Session and Chapter. | " Title.

# &,9 Vict. c. 100. 8 A'9 Vict. c. 107.

14 & 15 Vict. o. 81.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 75.

An Act for the regulation of the care and treatment.of lunatics.

An Act for the establishment of a central asylum for insane persons charged with offences in Ireland; and to amend the Act relating to the prevention of offences by insane persons, and the Acts respecting asylums for the insane poor, in Ireland; and for appropriating the lunatic asylum in the city of Cork to the purposes of a district lunatic asylum. ! < '

An Act to authorise the removal from India of insane persons 'charged with offences, and to give better effect to inquisitions of lunacy taken in India.

An Act to make better provision for the custody and care of criminal lunatics.

25 & 26. Vict. c. 54.' -

An Act to make further provision respecting lunacy in Scotland.

Short Title.

The Lunacy Act, 1845.

The Central Criminal Lunatic Asylum (Ireland) Act, 1845.

The Lunatics Removal (India) Act, 1851.

The Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860.

The Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 17.^|

Session and Chapter. - Title or Short Title.- Extent of Repeal.

‘3 &'4 Yici^. 54. - An Act for making further provision for the confinement and maintenance of insane prisoners. | The whole Act..

6 & 7 Vict- c. 26: - An Act for regulating the prison at Millbank. | Section twenty-one.

16 & 17 Vict- c.. 96. - An Act to amend an Act passed in the ninth year of Her Majesty "for the ' " regulation of the care and treatment of lunatics."* Section .thirty-eight from and including the words " save as herein-after "provided;" to the-. end of that section.

23 & 24 Vict.. c. 75. -j An Act to make better provision for the custody and care of criminal lunatics. Section two, the words- "Of the Acts herein-/ " before mentioned, or ." under any other,"-and the words " or to- be unfit from imbe- cility. of mind for " penal discipline." Sections seven, nine, and ten.

'25 & 26 Vict. c. 86. - The Lunacy Regulation Act,-1862 Section fifteen.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 29. - An Act to amend the Act third and fourth Victoria, chapter fifty-four, for making further provision for the confinement and maintenance of insane prisoners. The whole Act.

18b Ch. 64,: 65. Criminal Lwmtics Act, 1884. 47 & 43 y

Session and Chapter. | Title or Short Title. Extent of Repeal, 7

29 & 30 Vict. c. 109. The Naval Discipline Act, 1866 - Section eighty, So far as relates to a person im. prisoned in England.

30 & 31 YicL c. 12. - The Criminal Lunatics Act, 1867 , The whole Act.

32 & 33 Vict.-c. 78. -- The Criminal Lunatics Act, 1869 - 1 The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. - The Army Act, 1881 - In section one hundred and thirty so mttob of sUb-section five as re. . lates to a person im* 1 priBoiied ih England. '

46 & 47 Vict. 6. 38. 1 The Trial of Lunatics Act, 1883' - ' * Sub-section three of. section two: ,J l

CHAPTER 65.

An Act to further amend the New Parishes Acts and the Church Building Acts. [14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with, the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by - the authority of the same, as follows:

Shoft title. , 1. This Act may be cited as the New Parishes "Acts arid' Church

Building Acts Amendment Act, 1884.

Amendment of New Parishes Acts.

Power to di8- 2. — 1-(I.) Where, under the New Parishes Acts, 1843, 1844, and

formedunder T856, or any of them, a district has been constituted, but a church New Parishes has not been provided for or allotted to such district, Jt . sh^U Acts. be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England .if., it

c 377 Y Ct appears to them expedient, to submit (with the Consent of the

7 & 8 Vict. Bishop of the" diocese under his hand) to Her Majesty in Council, a

c. 94.. , scheme for the dissolution of such district, and for the reincorpora-

c.91042° Vict ti°n of its arpa or parts or part thereof in the parish or. parishes

6r district or districts, out of which 'it was constituted, or for the addition of its, area or parts or part thereof to spme other parish or parishes or district or districts, as to the said Commissioners may appear most expedient.

, (2.) If ah endowment has been provided for the' district so dissolved, any scheme under this section shall provide for its return to and rOveSting in the body or person who provided the same; and any Such scheme may contain such other incidental or auxiliary , ' provisions as the said Commissioners may deem necessary or proper.

(3.) The draft of any scheme made under this section must be delivered or transmitted to every incumbent or minister and patron affected thereby; and such scheme shall not be_ submitted to Her Majesty in Council until after the expiration of one month next after such draft shall have been so delivered or transmitted, unless every such incumbent ot minister and patrbh shlall in the meantime

, 1884. New Parishes Acts cmd CImrch Building Acts Cb. 65: Amendment Act, 1884.

consent thereto; and if any person shall at the time of the ratification of such scheme be the incumbent or minister of the district I? proposed to be dissolved, the scheme shall not have any operation unless and until such person shall have consented thereto, or shall hare ceased to be such incumbent or minister.

1(4.) A map or plan showing every alteration of boundaries proposed to be effected by a scheme under this section shall be annexed to the draft scheme, and a copy of such map or plan settled so as P to correspond with the provisions of the scheme as ratified, shall be registered by the registrar of the diocese, together with ally Order of Her Majesty in Council ratifying such scheme, but it shall not be necessary to publish any such map or plan in the London Gazette.

k i(5.) ^Subject as aforesaid, the provisions of the said New Parishes | Acts relative to the making, publication, and ratification 6f schemes I shall apply to schemes under this section.

3. The powers as to alterations of boundaries contained in the Amendment of first section of the New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts &°3f3 vict Amendment Act, 1869, shall be applicable and may be exercised in c> 94. the case of any district constituted under the New Parishes Acts,

1843, 1844, and 1856, or any of them, in which no church shall . have been provided and consecrated, as well as in the case of a district which shall have, become a new parish for ecelesiastica*

purposes.

Amendment of Church Building Acis.

4. — (1.) Where a church or chapel has been constituted the parish Power to church of a parish in the stead of the ancient parish church under pro^slonmade the Act passed in the year 1838, "To. amend and render more unders.is.of -effectual the Church Building Acts,"and provision has been made 1&2 Vict. under section eighteen of the same Act for the maintenance of the Aspect to ministers and clerks of the respective churches, or either of, them, application of out of the pew rents of either of. such churches, it, shall be lawful Pew rents, for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England from time to time by deed under their Common seal, made with the consent of the JBishop of the diocese, and of every patrpn and minister affected - thereby,? to revoke in whole or part or in any way to altefc as they tnay see fit the deed or other instrument making such provision. p (2.) A consent under this section must be testified by writing funder the hand of the person giving the same, and attested by at least one witness. [

iL (3.) Any deed pi' other instrument making such provision as aforesaid, which is expressed tb be revoked or altered ./by a deed duly mad© m compliance with this section, shall to_the extent of.

-such revocation or alteration cease to be in force and become of no effect.

5. The Acts specified in the. Schedule to this Act may- together Short titles of with this Act be collectively cited as the Church Building Acts, P*1 1818 . teu 188,4:; and each of the said Acts may be cited by the short title(in; the third column of that, schedule.

Ch. 65. New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts 47 & 4g. vlc, Amendment Act, 1884. eT*

SCHEDULE.

Church Building Acts.

Session and Chapter.

58 Geo. 8. i 45.

[1818.]'

59 Geo. 3. c. 184.

[1819.]

3 Geo. 4. c. 72.. [1822.]

5 Geo. 4. ©. 103. [1824.]

7 & 8 Geo. 4. o. 72. . [1827.]

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 38. [1831.]

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 61 [1832.]

1 & 2 Vict. c. 107.

[1838,]

2 & 3 Vict. c. 49.-

[1839.]

3 & 4 Vict. o, 60.

[1840-].:

7 & 8 Vict. c. 56. [1844.].

Long Title.

An Act for building and promoting the build* ing of additional churcheB in populous parishes.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes.

An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts passed in the fifty-eighth and fifty-ninth years of His late Majesty, for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes..

An Act to make further provision, and to amend and render more effectual, three Acts passed in the fifty-eightb and fifty-ninth years of Hi a late Majesty, and in the third year of His present Majesty, for building and promoting the building of additional churches in populous parishes.

An Act to amend the Acts for building and promoting'the building of additional churches in populous parishes.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign .of His late Majesty, intituled " An Act to amend the Acts " for building and promoting the building " of additional churches in populous " parishes."

An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the fifty-ninth year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled " An Act to amend and render more " effectual an Act passed in the last session "of Parliament, for building and promoting " the. building of additional churches in " populous parishes."

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Church Building Acts.

An Act-to make better provision for the assignment of ecclesiastical districts to churches or chapels augmented by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and for other proposes.

An Act to further amend the Church Building Acts.

An Act concerning banns and marriages in certain district churches or chapels.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 70.

[1845.]

9 & 10 Vict. c. 68.

[1846.] -

An Act for; the farther amendment of the Church Building Acts.

An Act for better enabling the burial service to be performed in one chapel where contiguous burial grounds shall have been provided for two or more parishes or places.

Short Title.

The Church Building Act, 1818.

The Church Building Act; 1819..

The Church Building Act, 1822.

The Church Building Act, 1824.

The Church Building Act, 1827.

The Church Building Act, 1831.

The Church Building Act, 1832.

The Church Building Act, 1838.

The Church Building Act, 1839.

The Church Building Act, 1840.

The Church Building (Banns and Mas-riages) Act, 1844.

The Church Building Act, 1845.

The. Church Building (Burial, Service in Chapels) Act, 1846-

1684. <. New Parish^ Acts and Ghwch Building Acts Ch..65, 66. Amendment Act, 1884.

Session and Chapter.

Long Title.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 37. -\ [1848.]

14 <fc 15 Vict. c. 97. -i; [1851.]

17 & 18 Vict. c. 32. -[ [1854.]

An Act to amend the law relative to the assignment of ecclesiastical districts.

An Act to amend the Church Building Acts -

An Act to facilitate the apportionment of the rent when parts of lands in lease are taken for the purposes of the Church Building

19 & 20 Vict. c. 55. ' [1856.]

Acts.

An Act for transferring the powers of the Church Building Commissioners to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 94. -[1869.]

An Act to amend the New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts.

Short Title.

The Church Building Act, 1848.

The Church Building Act, 1851.

The Church Building Act, 1854.

The Church Building Commissioners (Transfer of Powers] Act, 1855.

The New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment Act, 1869.

CHAPTER 66.

An Act to provide for the disunion of the Sees of Glou-pbcester and Bristol, and the constitution of a separate ‘ Bishopric of Bristol. [14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by an Order in Council made in pursuance of the Act of the session of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of King William the Fourth, chapter seventy-seven, intituled 5 An Act for carrying into effect the reports of the Commissioners " appointed to consider the state of the Established Church in " England and Wales with reference to ecclesiastical duties and ! n revenues, so far as they relate to episcopal dioceses, revenues, and " patronage," the sees of Gloucester and Bristol were united:

And whereas it is expedient that the said sees should be disunited and that the bishopric of ..Bristol should be reconstituted as a separate bishopric with a diocese and cathedral church in accordance with this Act ;:

Be it therefore enacted by the .Queen's most - Excellent Majesty,

‘by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884. short title.

2. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Bishoprics Act, 1878, Application of (in this Act referred to as the principal Act) shall have effect as if 41 & 42 Vict. "the bishopric of Bristol were a new bishopric [ mentioned in the c* 68* schedule to the principal Act, and as if the schedule to this Act formed part of the schedule to the principal Act, and as if the Sjpfrcipal Act had been passed at the date of the passing of this Act.

3. With respect to the .constitution Of the bishopric of Bristol in Provisions as pursuance of this Act, the following provisions, shall have effect, ^h^c°of that is to say: Bristol. *

Ch. 66. Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vioj,

HI The dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Bristol shall he the dean and chapter of the bishopric of Bristol as constituted in pursuance of this Act, and in the construction of

- the principal Act shall be deemed to have been founded-ai the time, at.,which the bishopric of Bristol is founded in pursuance

, . of this Act and! the, principal Act, and so much of the principal Act asapplies to the condition of a bishopric before a dean and chapter is constituted shall not apply to the bishopric o|

. >'r I Bristol when founded in pursuance of this Act:

(2.) On the bishopric df Bristol being constituted as aforesaid, the sees of Gloucester and Bristol shall be disunited, and the : bishop of the said see of Gloucester shall cease to be and to be, ,; called Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, and shall continue to .:, be and shall be called Bishop of Gloucester, and shall, cease to, possess and exercise within or in relation to any part of the diocese of Bristol as constituted in pursuance of this Act the rights, privileges, and jurisdictions conferred on the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol at the union of the said bishoprics, h®| save as aforesaid, the said Bishop of Gloucester shall continue to have all such rights, privileges, and jurisdictions a® may immediately before the constitution of the said bishopric of Bristol in pursuance of this Act be 'fexefclseahlb by the Bishop

- of Gloucester and Bristol:

(3.) On the bishopric of Bristol being constituted as aforesaid, , the existing episcopal consistory court of Gloucester shall he . t the court of the Bishop of Gloucester, and the existing episcopal , consistory court of Bristol shall be the court of the Bjshop of ‘ ''Bristol: s

; On allfuture avoidances of .the.see;of Gdoueester^t^jthft , constitution: of the bishopric, ,of Bristol in pursuance of Bus Act, the licence for the .election of, a bishop, of - Gloucester shall, issue ... to the, dean and chapter of the cathedral chiirch of Gloucestexc. (5.): Her Majesty may in. the Order in. Council constituting', said bishopric of Bristol, or in any ,other Order in Council, r insert such provisions as to Her Majesty may :seem requisite a I for the purpose of effecting the disunion gof the sees. of: Gloat cester and Bristol, and carrying out .the . intentions of this Act ,; in relation thereto:; and .the. saichprovisions shall on the said

. Order in Council taking effect, have the same force, as if enacted .j ii, .ihithis Acti

gecfion 2, . S C H E D IT Xi E.

Bishopric of Bristol.- 1 1. The bishop to be Bishop of Bristol* y, f. The diocese to. cqnsigt of —

v (a.) The'deanery of Bristol (City Division and Rural Dirisidn), and

The following three deaneries of NprfhJWilts, that.is tp sari Malmesbury North, and Malmesbury South, and Cricklade, and

1884. Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884. .Oh/66^67.

y (, (c.) The following parishes in the county of Somerset, heretofore in the diocpse of Bath and Wells; that is to say,

Easton in Gordano with Pill, and

Portbury, and

Portishead.

g. The cathedral Ctnifch of Bristol to be the cathedral church.

4. Subject to'the ^rights enjoyed by any person at the passing of this Act, there'shall be transferred to the endowment fund of the bishopric of Bristol, such portion of the endowment or income, of the bishopric of Gloucester^ would if ho deduction were made for first-fruits and tenths, yield a;net annual sum of five hundred pounds, but such transfer shall be subject to the payment by the Bishop of Bristol of a proportionate part of the first-fruits and tenths payable by the Bishop of Gloucester.

5. The bishop to be subject to the metropolitan jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Canterbury.

CHAPTEK 67.

An Act to prohibit charges for Improvements upon JBccle-r . siastical Lands otherwise thian with the consent of the j — Patron and Bishop* [14th August 1884.]

WHEREAS by the Improvement of Band Act, 1864, the 27 & 28 Vict. fey \. Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales (herein-after c*114*

? referred to a$. " the Commissioners "} : are empowered upon application of corporations to sanction the charging: of their lands with »

moneys borrowed for ,the improvement thereof and it . is provided,

'(section twenty) that when theland to which the application relates, or any part of such land, is ;held in right of any church, chapel, or . other ecclesiastical benefice, the Commissioners shall not sanction any improvement of such land or of so muchdherebf as is so held unlessf and until - the patron .of fhefbenefice and, (in England) the bishop of the diocese shall signify to the Commissioners by writing under their hands their respective consents to such application:. *

1 And whereas there are in force certain. Acts which have-been passed as local and personal Acts, constituting: companies with powers to- advance moneys for the improvement of lands, .under somCt of which - Acts' powers exist fi whereby the incumbents, of benefices can charge their lands with moneys borrowed'-for the improvement thereof without such consent, and it'Is expedient to textetid < to all * such cases similar provisions to that t contained in [the said section-twenty of the Lands Improvement Act, 1864 23e it therefore enacted by the Queen's^ most Excellent Majesty, foy-and with the advice and consent of the Lords. Spiritual and ^Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

if: mb The; Commissioners shall pot sanction any improvement of any Ecclesiastical land held in right bf any church, chapel, or other ecclesiastical lands not to be -benefice unless and until-dhe patron of such benefice, and bishop of the diocese-ik Which such lands are situate, shall signify without con-to the Commissioners by writing under their hands their consent sent of patron Respectively to such Application, nor shall any charge upon , any an *

such land of money,expended, or purporting to be expended, for the improvement thereof, whether under any general or local Act,

192 .Ch, 67, 68. Improvement of Lands (Ecclesiastical 47 & 48 Tier

Benefices) Act, 1884.

or any contract or agreement, be valid or effectual, and whether with or without the sanction of the Commissioners, unless and until the patron of the benefice and the bishop of the diocese shall have respectively signified their consent in writing thereto. . Provided that nothing herein contained shall invalidate, or prejudicially affect, any charge which may have been validly and effectually made before the passing of this Act.

Short title. 2. This Act may be cited as the Improvement of Lands (Ecclesiastical Benefices) Act, 1884.

CHAPTER 68.

An Act to amend the Matrimonial Causes Acts.

[14th August 1884.]

TXT HERE AS it is expedient to amend the law as to the restitution * of conjugal rights in England:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempoimjfl and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1884 Periodical pay- 2. Erom and after the passing of this Act a decree for restitution meats in lieu of of conjugal rights shall not be enforced by attachment, but where attachment. the application is by the wife the Court may, at the time of making such decree, or at any time .afterwards, order that in the event of such decree not being complied with within any time in that behalf limited by the Court, the respondent shall make to the petitioner such periodical payments as may be just, and such order may be enforced in the same manner as an order for alimony in a suit for judicial separation. The Court may, if it shall think fit, order that the husband shall, to the satisfaction of the Court, secure, to the wife such periodical payment, and for that purpose may refer it to any one of the Conveyancing Counsel of the Court to settle and approve of a proper deed or instrument to he executed by all necessary parties.

Settlement 3. Where the application for restitution of conjugal rights is by

, the husband, if it shall be made to appear to the Court that the wife is entitled to any property, either in possession or reversion, .or is in receipt of any- profits of - trade ;or earnings, the Court may, if it shall think fit, order a settlement to be made to the satisfaction of; the Court of such property, or any part thereof, for - the benefit of the petitioner and of the children of the marriage, or -either or any of them, or may-order such part as the Court may think reasonable of such profits of trade or earnings to. be periodically paid by the respondent to the petitioner for his own benefit, or to the petitioner or . any other person for the benefit of the children of the marriage, or either or any of them. or<Tr*tOVaty The Court may from time, to time-vary or modify any order

for the periodical payment of money, either by altering the times of payment or by increasing or diminishing the amount, or may tern-

193

jgg4. Matrimonial Causes Act, 1884. Ch. 68, 69.-

porarily suspend the same as to the whole or any part of the money so ordered to be paid, and again revive the same order wholly or in part, as the Court may think just

5. If the respondent shall fail to comply with a decree of the Non-com-Courfc for restitution of conjugal rights such respondent shall there-

upon be deemed to have been guilty of desertion without reason- to^de*^ .able cause, and a suit for judicial separation may be forthwith tion. instituted, and a sentence of judicial separation may be pronounced although the period of two years may not have elapsed since the failure to comply with the decree for restitution of conjugal rights; and when any husband who has been guilty of desertion by failure on his part to comply with a decree for restitution of conjugal rights has also been guilty of adultery, the wife may forthwith present a petition for dissolution of her marriage, and the Court may pronounce a decree nisi for the dissolution of the marriage on the grounds of adultery coupled with desertion. Such decree nisi shall not be made absolute until after the expiration of six calendar months from the pronouncing thereof, unless the Court shall fix a shorter lime.

6. The Court may, at any time before final decree on any applica- Custody, &e. tion for restitution of conjugal rights, or after final decree if the of children, respondent shall fail to comply therewith, upon application for that

purpose, make from time to time all such orders and provisions with respect to the custody, maintenance, and education of the children of the petitioner and respondent as might have been made by interim orders during the pendency of a trial for judicial separation between the same parties.

7. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland. Act to apply

' to England

... ' ;only.

CHAPTER 69.

An Act to make better provision against Cholera and other dangerous Epidemic Diseases. [14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Cholera, &c. Protection (Ireland) Short title. . Act; 1884.

2. When under the provisions of any Act the sanitary authority Acquisition of hi i Ireland is empowered to acquire a site for a cholera or other 8,*®!for hd8' hospital within its district, it may, with the sanction of the Local pi Government Board, exercise such power for the acquisition of a site for such purpose without, but contiguous to, the said district.

3i . Whenever, under clause three of the forty-sixth and fortyj Incidence of seventh Victoria, chapter fifty-nine, the Local Government Board,; c ttr^e‘ Ireland, directs any urban sanitary authority to superintend and see to the execution of such regulations, which otherwise would ber the duty of any board or boards of guardians, the sanitary authority iftay,‘in any rate applicable to the purposes of the Public Health 41 & 42 Vict. (Ireland) Act, 1878, insert a separate item for the amount necessary «5S-

Cri. 69,70. Cholera, Brdtddion (Ireland) Ac£, 1884. 47 & 48 Tier;

or estimated to be necessary to defray the expenses incurred1 by them in the execution and superintendence of such regulations, op in paying off any loan incurred by them under the second section of the Act of the session of the forty-sixth and forty-seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-nine; and all the; provisions of the Acts for the relief of the poor in Ireland relative to the division- 6f rates between owners and occupiers of rateable hereditaments, and as to deductions from rent on account of rate, shall apply to such separate item as if it were a rate for the relief of the poor.

CHAPTER 70.

An Act for the better Prevention of Corrupt and Illegal Practices at Municipal and other Elections.

[14th August 1884]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present1 Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows $ (that is to slay,) ;

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited. as the Municipal Elections -(Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884.

Defuadtiop and punishment of corrupt practice at municipal election.

Incapacity of candidate reported guilty of corrupt practice.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

Corrupt Pmctices.

2. (1.) The rexpression- corrupt practice " in this Act means any of the following offences, namely, treating, undue influence, bribery, and personation as defined by the enactments set forth in Part One of the Third Schedule to this Act, and aiding, abetting, counselling, andprocuring the commission of the offence of personation.

(2.) A person who commits any. corrupt practice in reference t(> ® municipal election shall he guilty of the like offence, and shall on conviction he Hable to the like- punishment; and subject to the like incapacities, as, if the corrupt practice had beein committed in refef' ence to. a. parliamentary election, ,

3. (1.) Where upon the trial of an election petition respecting ® municipal election for a borough, or ward, of a borough it is found by the Report of an .election court made in pursuance of section ninety-three of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, .that any < corrupt practice, other than treating and undue influence, has been proved to nave been committed in reference to such election by or with the knowledge and, consent of any candidate at such dec* tion, qr that the offence of treating or - undue influence has bee® proved to, have been committed inreference to such election by an? candidate at such election, that candidate shall not he capable eyer holding a corporate office in the said- borough, and if he ha® been elected his election shall he .void} and he shall further be subject, to the same incapacities as if at the date <o£ the said rep®1*' he had been convicted of a corrupt practice..

(2.) Upon the trial , of an election ^petition respecting a munitip^ election for a borough or ward of a horough in which a charge i9

1884. Municipal'Elections (Oorfvpt.^IlUgdl Pmctices)Acl. Ch.70, J95

®ade of any corrupt practice having been committed in reference to such election, the election court shall report in writing to the High Court whether any of the candidates at such election has been guilty by his agents of any corrupt practice in reference to such election, and if the report is that any candidate at such election has been guilty by his agents of a corrupt practice in reference to such Section, that candidate shall not be capable of being elected to or holding',any corporate office.in the said borough, during a period of three years from the date of the report, and if he has been elected, his election shall be void.

Illegal Practices.

4. (1.) No payment or contract for payment shall, for., the pur- Certain expose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate at a penditure to municipal election, be made^- -pra

j(a), on account of the conveyance of electors to or from the poll v .whether for. the hiring of horses or. carnages, or for railway .fares, or otherwise; or (6) to an elector on account of the use of any house,- land, build-fft/ ing, or premises for the exhibition of . any address, bill, or notice, or on account of the exhibition of any address, hill, or notice;

or , J

w nPf account of any committee room in excess of the number of}( allowed by $isAct (that is to say), if the-election, is for a ..borough one committee room for. the borough, and if the jelec-i:; tipnis for award one. jcommittee room; for the ward, and if ft^fJtne "vnumber of electors in suck borough; or ward exceeds . two thousand, one additional committee, room for every* two ,; i thousand electors and incomplete part of two thousand, ejectors,

j'jj.byer. and above .the said two thousand.

. (2.} Subject to such exception, as may be allowed m pursuance qfthis Act, if any payment or contract for; payment is. knowingly made in .cont^vention of this section either before, during, °or after a municipal election, the person, making such payment or contract ;'shall be guilty of an illegal practice, andeany poison receiving1 such payment or being a party to any such contract,

Rowing ths same to be .in contravention of' this Act, shall also be v . guilty of an illegal .practice. ;

, Provided that where it is the.- ordinary-business of-an elector as an advertising agent to exhibit for payment bills- and l^vertisements, a payment to or .contract with such elector if made .in the ordinary course of business,shall, not be deemed to be an illegal practice within the meaning; of this section.

5. (1.) Subject to such exception as may he allowed in pursuance Expense in of this Act, nosum shall be ipaid and no, expense shall be incurred excess of by ,hf on behalf of a candidate at an election, whether before, during, *°

or After an-4lectibn; on account of or ip respect of the conduct or Pr*cti^ management, o^ sjich -election^ save - that in the. case of an election of & Councillor a sum .may be pa^d and expense incurred not in excess t of the maximum amount following,; (that is-to pay,) V V. j ^he sum of twenty-five pounds, apd/if-the number,of. electors in the borough or - ward ..expeeds. five hundred-,au additional N 2

196

Ch.70. MunicvpalElMtiorw^Corrupt&IlUgalPmctwes). 47 &48 Victk

amount of threepence for each elector above the first five hundred electors.

(2.) Any candidate or agent of a candidate or person who knowingly acts in contravention of this section shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(3.) Where there are two or more joint candidates at an election the maximum amount of expenses shall, for each of such joint candidates, be reduced by one fourth, or if there aie more than two joint candidates by one third.

(4.) Where two or more candidates at the election, by themselves or any agent or agents, hire or use the same committee rooms for such election, or employ or use the services of the same clerks, messengers, or polling agent at such, election, or publish a joint address or joint circular or notice at such election, those candidates shall be deemed for the purposes 'of this enactment to be joint candidates at such election: Provided that —

(a.) The employment and use of the same committee room, clerk, messenger, or polling agent, if accidental or casual, or of a . trivial and unimportant character, shall not be deemed of itself to constitute persons joint candidates:

(6.) Nothing in this enactment shall prevent candidates from ceasing to be joint candidates:

(c.) Where any excess of expenses above the maximum allowed for one of two or more joint candidates has arisen owing to his having ceased to be a joint candidate, or to his having become a joint candidate after having begun to conduct his election as a separate candidate, and such ceasing or beginning was in good faith, and such excess is not more than under the circumstances is reasonable, and the total expenses of such candidate do not exceed the maximum amount allowed for a separate candidate, such excess shall be deemed to have arisen from a reasonable cause within the meaning of the enactments respecting the allowance by the High Court or- election court of an exception from the provisions of this Act which would otherwise make an act an illegal practice, and the candidate may he1 relieved accordingly from the consequences of having incurred such excess of expenses.

6. (1.) If any person votes or induces or procures any person to vote at a municipal election, knowing that he or such person is prohibited, whether by this or any other Act, from voting at such election, he shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(2.) Any person who before or during a municipal election knowingly publishes a false statement of the withdrawal of a candidate at such election for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election of another candidate shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

(3.) Provided that a candidate shall not be liable, nor shall hi- election be avoided, for any illegal practice under this section committed without his knowledge and consent.

7. A person guilty of an illegal practice in reference to a municipal «jf megalCtl°n election, shall on summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceed-practice. ing one hundred pounds and be incapable during a period of five' years from the date of his conviction of being registered as an elector or voting at any election (whether it be a parliamentary

Voting by prohibited persons and publishing of false statements of withdrawal to be illegal.

Punishment

m

, 1884. Municipal Elections (Corrupt & Illegal Practicm) Act. Ch.70.

election or an election for a public office within the meaning of this Act) held for or within the borough in which the illegal practice has been committed.

8, (1.) An illegal practice within the meaning of this Act shall incapacity of be deemed to be an offence against Part Four of the Municipal .Corporations Act, 1882, and a petition alleging such illegal practice of illegal may be presented and tried accordingly. practice.

' (2.) Upon the trial of an election petition respecting a municipal *550 Ict* election for a borough or ward of a borough in which a charge is made of any illegal practice, having been committed in reference to such election, the election court shall report in writing to the High Court whether any of the candidates at such election has been guilty by himself or his agents of an illegal practice in reference to such election, and if the report is that a candidate at such election has been guilty by himself or his agents of an illegal practice in reference to such election, the candidate shall not be capable of being elected to or of holding any corporate office in the said borough during the period for which he was elected to serve, or for which if elected he might have served, and if he was elected, his election shall be void; and, if the report is that such candidate has himself been guilty of such illegal practice, he shall also be subject to the same incapacities as if at the date of the report he had been convicted of such illegal practice.

Illegal Payment, Employment, and Hiring

9. Where a person knowingly provides money for any payment Providing of which is contrary to the provisions of this Act, or for any expenses "on®|r forc; incurred in excess of any maximum amount allowed by this Act, or tiwfor pay-' for replacing any money expended in any such payment, except ment to be 'where the same may have been previously allowed in pursuance of this Act to be an exception, such person shall be guilty of illegal men '

"payment.

10* (1.) A person shall not let, lend, or employ for the purpose Employment of the conveyance of electors to or from the poll at a municipal election, any public stage or hackney carriage, or any horse or other of carnages animal kept or used for drawing the same, or any carriage, horse, or and horses kept other animal'which he keeps or uses for the purpose of letting out for hire* for,hire, and if he lets, lends, or employs such carriage, horse, or other animal, knowing that it is intended to be used for the purpose of the conveyance of electors to or from the poll, he shall be guilty of illegal hiring.

,(2.) A person shall not hire, borrow, or use for the purpose of the .conveyance of electors to or from the poll any carriage, horse, or other animal which he knows the owner thereof is prohibited by this section to let, lend, or employ for that purpose, and if he does $o he shall be guilty of illegal hiring, . . ;. -.W, flj '. y

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall prevent a carriage, horse, or other anima.1 being let to or hired, employed, or used by an elector, or several electors at their joint cost, for the purpose of conveying him o r them to or from then^fffe

(4.) No person shall be liable to pay any duty or to take out a license for any carriage by reason only of such carriage being used

Certain expenditure to be illegal pay ment.

illegal,

Gfl.70. MiUgalPrctctices). 47&48Vr&

without payment or fprotoisei of payment for the conveyance1'of electors to or from the poll at an election.

Corrupt .with- 11. Any person who corruptly induces or procures any other peb drawai from a son to yHthdraW from being, a candidate at a municipal eledtiofi; ia candidature. Consideration of any payment 61^ promise Of payment, shall b^'giiiliy of illegal payment, and any person withdrawing in purshafac^,iitf such inducement or procurement shall also he "guilty of illegal payment.

12. (1.)j No payment or contract for payment shall, for the pur., .pose of promoting or procuring the election of a candidate af a immicipal election, be . made on account of bends of' musip, torchM, flags, banners, cockades, ribbons, or other mftfks of distinction'

.. (2.) Subject to such exception as maybe allowed in pursuance'of this Apt,if any payment or contract,for payment is made in contravention of this section, either before, ffpnng, W after an ejection, the person making such payment shall bp guilty of illegal "paympnf, and any person being a party to any such contract oiyreceiy^ such payment shall alsp he guilty of \ illegal, payment if he knew that the same was made contrary to law.

Certain em- 13. (I.) No person shall, for the purpose of promoting ;or pro* meffrf"1*to °e -curbig the election of a candidate at a municipal election, be engaged or employed for payment or promise of payment for any,purp;ose;or in any capacity whatever, except as follows (that is to say),

(a) a number of persons may be employed, pot exceeding two for a borough or ward, and if the number of electors in such - borough or ward exceeds two thousand one additional ppjson . may be employed for every thousand electors, and incopjplMte . part of a thousand electors over and above the said , typ . thousand, and such persons, may he employed as. clerk?

> 0 messengers, or in either .capacity; and

. (b) one polling agent may be employed in. each polling station^-Provided that this section shall not apply to any engagemSPfiflr employment for carrying into effect a contract bonli, fide made with any, person in the ordinary course of business., rJ11.(2.)< -Subject to such exception as .may be allowed in pursuance .of this Act, if any .person is engaged or employed in contravention 'of this , section, either before, daring, or after an .electfon, the, person engaging or employing him shall be guilty q£ illegal employment, and tl^ person so engaged; or employed shall also be guilty of illegal employment if heiknew, that he was. engaged or employed, in. contravention of this Act.

d, (8.) A person legally employed.for payment under, .this section may or(-may not be an,elector^ but may . not. vote.

(,414:; Every bill, placard, or poster having reference to a municipal election shall bear upon the face, thereof the name and address of the printer and publisher thereof; ‘and any person printing, publish-' ' ing; or 'posting, or causing t6 'be; pfintedj, published; or poStejl, hay such bill; placard, or poster as aforesaid, which ialis to. bear upon the face thereof the name and address of the printer and publisher) shall, if he is a candidate, he guilty of an illegal- practice/ and-if'he ie not the candidate, shall be liable-on summary conviction to a)fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

Name and address of printer on placards.

MdkicvpalMections (Corrupt & Illegal Practicei) Act. Ch.70.

Ifr. The provisions' of this Act prohibiting certain payments and saving for contracts for payments, and the payment of any sum,' and the creditors, incurring of any expense, in excess Of a certain maximum, shall not affect the right of any creditor who/ When the contract was made or'the-expense was incurred, was ignorant of the same being in contravention of this Act.

1& (lv)"(<*.) Any premises, which are licensed for the sale of Use of certain <ujyintoxicating liquor for consumption on or off the premises, or on which refreshment of any kind (whether food or drink) is rooms or ordinarily sold for consumption on the premises, or ‘ . meetings to be

(b.) Any premises where any intoxicating liquor is ktipplied to lI,egaI ©embers of a club, society, or association, or any part of any. such jitmises, ( *. [f? i anny>

shall not, for the purpose of promoting or procuring the election «farcandidate at; a municipal election, be used either as a committee room or for holding a meeting, and if any person hires or uses any such, premises or any part thereof in contravention of this section he shall he guilty of illegal hiring, and the person letting or permitting the use of such premises or part thereof if he knew it was Intended to use the same, in contravention of this section, shall also be guilty of illegal hiring.

, ^dvided that nothing in this section shall apply to any phrt Of such premises which is ordinarily let for the purpose of chambers or offices or the holding of public meetings or Of arbitrations, if such part has a separate entrance and no direct communication with any part of the premises on which any intoxicating liquor or refreshment is sold or supplied as aforesaid. * v

17. (1.) A person' guilty* of an offence of illegal payment, Punishment of

employment, or hiring shall, on summary conviction, be liable to a me^empioy-fihe not exceeding one hundred pounds. ment, or hiring.

2-) Where an Offence of illegal payment, employment, or hiring

is committed by a candidate, or with his knowledge and .consent, such candidate shall be guilty of an illegal practice.

18. Where tipon the trial of an election petition respecting a Avoidance of municipal election^ fora borough or ward of a borough it is found

ty the election court, that illegal practices or offences of illegal illegal prac-payment, employment;' of hiring, committed in reference tb stick tices, &c. election for the purpose‘of‘promoting the election of a candidate at that election, havO so extensively prevailed that they m^y be Reasonably supposed toJhaVe affected the result of that election, the election court shall report such finding to the High Oourt, 'and the election of such candidate; if he has been elected, shall be void/ and he shall not, during the period for which he was elected to serve, or for which, if elected, he might have served, be capable of being elected to1 or holding any corporate office in the said borough.

Excuse Q/fyd, Exception ^or Qormpt or Illegal Practice or Illegal:

Payment, Employment, or Hiring.

19 VWhere, upon the'trial- of an election petition respecting- a Report Municipal election, the election court reports that a candidate-.(at ^ggjgjjj fiueh olection has been guilty by his agents of the offence of treating certain cases and undue influence, and illegal practice, ;or of; any of such offences,

by agents.

200 Ch.70. MWikipalElections(Co/)vrupt dlUegalPractices). 47&48 Vict.

in reference to such election, and the election court further report that the candidate has proved to the court —

I (a.) That no corrupt or illegal practice was committed at such election by the candidate or with his knowledge or consent and the offences mentioned in the said report were committed without the sanction or connivance of such candidate; and (6.) That all reasonable means for preventing the commission of corrupt and illegal practices at such election were taken by and on behalf of the candidate; and (c.) That the' offences mentioned in the said report were of a trivial, unimportant, and limited character; and (d.) That in all other respects the election was free from any corrupt or illegal practice on the part of such candidate and of his agents;

then the election of such candidate shall not, by reason of the offences mentioned in such report, be void, nor shall the candidate be subject to any incapacity under this Act.

20. Where, on application made, it is shown to the High Court or to a municipal election court by such evidence as seems to the Court sufficient —

cept innocent (a.) that any act or omission of a candidate at a municipal elec* illegal prac^8 tion for a borough or ward of a borough, or of any agent or

tice, &c. other person, would, by reason of being in contravention of

any of the provisions of this Act, be but for this section an illegal practice, payment, employment, or hiring; and (b.y that such act or omission arose from inadvertence or from accidental miscalculation or from some other reasonable cause of a like nature, and in any case did not arise from any want of good faith; and (c.) that such notice of the application has been given in the said borough as to the Court seems fit; and under the circumstances it seems to the Court to be just that the said candidate, agent and person, or any of them, should not be subject to any of the consequences under this Act of the said act or omission, the Court may make an order allowing such act or omission to be an exception from the provisions of this Act which would otherwise make the same an illegal practice, payment, employment, or hiring, and thereupon such candidate, agent, or person shall not be subject to any of the consequences under this Act of the said act or omission.

21. (1.) Every claim against any person in respect of any expenses incurred by or on behalf of a candidate at an election of a councillor on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of such election shall be sent in within fourteen days after the day of election, and if not so sent in shall be barred and not paid, and all. expenses incurred as aforesaid. shall be paid within twenty-one days after the-day of election, and not otherwise, and any person who makes a payment in contravention of this section, except where such payment is allowed as provided by this. section, shall be guilty of an illegal practice, but if such payment was made without the sanction or connivance of the candidate, the election of such candidate shall not be void, nor shall he be subject to

Sending in claims and making payments for election expenses.

Power of High Court and election court to ex-

201

1884. Municipal Elections (Corrupt & Illegal, Practices) Act. Ch.70

any incapacity under this Act by reason only of such payment having been made in contravention of this section.

;(2.) Every agent of a candidate at an election of a councillor shall, within twenty-three days after the day of election, make a return to the candidate in writing of all expenses incurred by such agent on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of such election, and if he fails so to do shall he liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3.) .Within twenty-eight days after the day of election of a councillor every candidate at such election shall send to the town clerk a return of all expenses incurred by such candidate or his agents on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of such election, vouched (except in the case of sums under twenty shillings) by hills stating the particulars and receipts, and accom-panied by a declaration by the candidate made before a justice in the form set forth in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, or to the like effect.

'' (4.) After the expiration of the time for making such return and declaration the candidate, if elected, shall not, until he has made the return and declaration (in this Act referred to as the return and declaration respecting election expenses), or until the date of the allowance of such authorised excuse, as is mentioned in this Act, sit or vote in the council, and if he does so shall forfeit fifty pounds for every day on which he so sits or votes to any person who sues for the same.

(5.) If the candidate without such authorised excuse as is mentioned in this Act fails to make the said return and declaration he shall he guilty of an illegal practice, and if he knowingly makes the said declaration falsely he shall be guilty of an offence, and on conviction thereof on indictment shall he liable to the punishment for wilful and corrupt perjury, and such offence shall also he deemed to he a corrupt practice within the meaning of this Act.

(6.) The county court for the district in which the election was held, or the High Court, or an election court, may, on application either of the candidate or a creditor, allow any claim to he sent in and any expense to be paid after the time limited by this section, and a return of any sum so paid shall forthwith after payment he sent to the town clerk.

(7.) If the candidate applies to the High Court or an election court, and shows that the failure to make the said return and declaration, or either of them, or any error or false statement, therein, has arisen by reason of his illness or absence, or of the absence, death, illness, or misconduct of any agent, clerk, or officer, or by reason of inadvertence, or of any reasonable cause of a like nature, and not by reason of any want of good faith on the part of the applicant, the court may, after such notice of the application and on.production of such evidence of the grounds stated in the application, and of the good faith of the applicant, and otherwise as to the court seems fit, make such order for allowing the authorised excuse for the failure to make such return and declaration, or for an error or false statement in such return or declaration, as to th^ court seems just.

C5h.70^Mv/nidp(dEietotio^(OoYr^tMllegaiPmctim). 4V&48!Ylor. I

(8.) Thd order may make the' allowance conditional upon com. I pliance with such terms as tb the court seems calculated for carrying into effect the objects of this Act, and the order shall , relieve the I applicant from any liability or consequences under this Act'in ro&peet I of the matters excused by the order.

(9>) The date of the order, or if conditions and terms are to be complied with, the date at which the applicant fully complies with them, is referred to in this Act as the date of the allowance of the .excuse.

(10.) The return and declaration sent in pursuance of this Act to the town clerk shall be kept at his office, and-shall at all reasonable i I times during the twelve months next after they are receivediy I him be open to inspection by any person on payment of the fee of | one shilling, and the town clerk shall, on demand, furnish copies thereof or of any part thereof at the price of twopence for every seventy-two words.

(11.) After the expiration of the said twelve months the town clerk may cause the return and declaration to he destroyed, pr if the candidate so require shall return the same to him.

Disqualification of Electors.

Prohibition of . 22. Every person guilty of a corrupt or illegal practiCe oT of persons guilty illegal employment, payment, or hiring at a municipal election'is fro^wting prohibited from voting at such election, and if any such person votes his vote shall be void, and shall be struck off on' a scrutiny. ' Application of " 23. So- much of sections thirty-seven and 1 thirty-eight of -! the

S8‘ of Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Afctj 1883, as is‘set forth

65l> ict‘ in Part Two of the Third Schedule to this Act, shall apply as part j

of this Act. * ',A I

List in burgess 24. (It) The town clerk in every municipal borough shall amru^ly I roll of persons make out a list containing the names and description of ah

forvotingby persons who, though otherwise qualified to be enrolled a» huigesses

corrupt or ofr such borough, have under this Act, or . .under the Corruj^i.and j

illegal Illegal Practices .Prevention. Act, 1883y;©r under any other Act for 1

thei time being in force < relating to a parliamentary election or- ®

, election to any public ‘.office, become aftertha. commencement of this I Act; by.reason of donviction of, a; corrupt tor illegal practice orof j the report of any election court or election commissioners, incapable 1 of vObing. at a municipal election in such.bcirough or any.wfard 1 I thereof: and the town clerk shall § states in* the. hsta (im this!\J& referred to as the corrupt and < illegal i practices, list), the offence j which each persbn has been, found guilty.

> '(&) For the purpose of making out suchlist -hei :shalls.exa,nnne tie report of any election; court. on election j commissioners: >.wtho‘ have respectively tried an. election', petition or dnquiredinto <an election where the election (whether a parliamentary election or an election to any public office), was held in the said/borough iOriin the .cototy in. which Such borough is situate.

(3.) Theitowh clerk of . any municipal .borough shall, not le&sthan

fourteen days.before the first day-appointed-siby. law i foritherpub-licaiaon- of the parish burgess lists'in siuih borough, sendHre coixupl and illegal practices list to the overseers of e veryparish- wholly> «r

t88& Municipal Ekctiom (Goi^rwpt <Ss Illegdl Practices) Act. Cff.70. 203

ijiiftly within' the'bdrough, and the overseers shall publish that list jwher with the parish burgess lists, and shall also, in the case of sWj person in the corrupt and illegal practices list, omit his name fromi the' list of personst entitled to be enrolled as burgesses or to elected councillors, or> as circumstances require; add* objected * before his name in the list of claimants published by them, in like manner as is?required by law in any other cases of disqualification.

(4.) Any person named in the corrupt and illegal; practices list may claim to have his name omitted therefrom, and any person entitled to' object to any parish burgess list may . object to- the «- «n emission of the name of ;any person from such first-mentioned ;list.

Such claims and objections shall be sent in within the same, time and be dealt with in like- manner, and any such objection shall be lerved on the person referred to therein in like manner, as nearly as circumstances admit, as< other claims and-objections under the anactments relating to the enrolment of burgesses.

(5.) The revising authority shall determine such claims and objections and shall revise such list in like manner, as nearly as circumstances admit, as in the caserof other claims and objections and of -any parish < burgess > list1 and list of persons entitled to be elected 'Councillors.

V (6.) Where it appears to the revising authority that a person not 'named in the list is subjecfrto have his name inserted in the corrupt and' illegal practices list, he shall (whether an objection to the ‘omission of such name from the list has or has not been made, hut) after giving such person an opportunity of making a statement to show cause to the contrary, insert his name in that list and expunge 'bis name from any listof burgesses or of persons entitled to be elected dhmcillors.

* (7) A revising authority in acting under this section shall determine only whether a person as incapacitated by conviction or by the report of any election court or election commissioners, and shall not 'determine whether a person has or has not been guilty/ of any corrupt or illegal practice.

The corrupt'and illegal practices list shall be appended to the .burgess roll, and shall be printed and published therewith wherever the same is printed or published.:

(9.) Any town clerk or; overseer who falls to comply ‘with the provisions of this section*-shall bei i liable to the like fine as. he is liable to under ^section seventy-five of the Municipal -Corporations 45 & 46 Vict.

Act, 1882, for any neglbct or refusal in relation, to- a parish burgess c-50* list as therein mentioned.

Proceedings ou Etect^on Petitionsf

25. (1.) A municipal election petition complaining of the election Petition for the ground of an illegal practice may be presented at any time illegal prac-‘ l^fore the expiration of fourteen days after the day on which the tace'

*WWn clerk ireceives the return and declaration, respecting election Expenses by the candidate to-Whose election the petition relates, or -Here there is an authorised .©kcuse, for failing tp make ;the return mid declaration then within the; like time, after the date rof, the Allowance of the excuse. ;

'204 .Ch.70. MunicipalElections(Ootrupt^IllegatPractice8). 47&48 Vict.

Time for pre- (2.) A municipal election petition, complaining of the election on gentation gr0und of an illegal practice, and specifically alleging a payment

°iieging°uie- of money or other act made or done since the election by the cj®. gal practices, didate elected at such election, or by an agent of the candidate, or ' with the privity of the candidate, in pursuance or in furtherance of «such illegal practice, may be presented at any time within twenty, eight days after the date of such payment or act, whether or not any other petition against that person has been previously presented ;or tried.

.45 & 46 Vict.; (3.) Any election petition presented within the time limited by

c*50- . the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, may, for the purpose of com-

plaining of the election upon an allegation of an illegal practice, be amended with the leave of th e High Court within the time within which a petition complaining of the election on the ground of that illegal practice can, under this section, be presented.

(4.) This section shall apply notwithstanding the illegal practice - is also a corrupt practice.

Withdrawal of 26. (1.) Before leave for the withdrawal of a municipal election election peti- * petition is granted, there shall be produced affidavits by all the | parties to the petition and their solicitors, but the High Court may on cause shown dispense with the affidavit of any particular person if it seems to the court on special grounds to be just so to do.

(2.) Each affidavit shall state that, to the best of the deponent's knowledge and belief, no agreement or terms of any kind whatsoever has or have been made, and no undertaking has been entered into, in relation to the withdrawal of the petition; but if any lawful agreement has been made with respect to the withdrawal of the petition, the affidavit shall set forth that agreement, and shall make the foregoing statement subject to what appears from the affidavit.

(3.) The affidavits of the applicant and his solicitor shall further state the ground on which the petition is sought to be withdrawn.

(4.) If any person makes any agreement or terms, or enters into any undertaking, in relation to the withdrawal of an election petition, and such agreement, terms, or undertaking is or are for the ' withdrawal of the election petition in consideration of any payment, or in consideration that the seat shall at any time be vacated, or io consideration of the withdrawal of any other election petition, or is or are (whether lawful or unlawful) not mentioned in the aforesaid affidavits, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months, and to a fine .not exceeding two hundred pounds.

(5.) Copies of the said affidavits shall be delivered to the Director of public prosecutions a reasonable time before the application for the withdrawal is heard, and the court may hear the Director of public prosecutions or his assistant or other representative (ftp* pointed with the approval of the Attorney-General), in opposition < to the allowance of the withdrawal of the petition, and shall have - power to receive the evidence on oath of any person or persons I whose evidence the Director of public prosecutions or his assistant, or other representative, may consider material.

(6.) Where in the opinion of the court the proposed withdrawal of a petition was the result of any agreement, terms, or undertaking

205

ig8i. Municipal Elections (Corrupt & Illegal Practicm) Act Ch.70.

I prohibited by this section, the court shall have the same power I ^jth respect to the security as under section ninety-five of the Muni- 45 & 46 Vict. HK Corporations Act, 1882, where the withdrawal is induced by a Aso.

I corrupt consideration.

47.) In every case of the withdrawal of an election petition, by leave of the election court such court shall report in writing to the High Court whether, in the opinion of such election court, the withdrawal of such petition was the result of any agreement, terms, or iDidertaking, or was in consideration of any payment, or in consideration that the seat should at any time be vacated, or in consideration of the withdrawal of any other election petition, or for any other consideration, and if so, shall state the circumstances attending the withdrawal.

(8.) Where more than one solicitor is concerned for the petitioner or respondent, whether, as agent for another solicitor or otherwise, the affidavit shall be made by all such solicitors.

27. The trial of every municipal election petition shall, so far as Continuation of is practicable consistently with the interests of justice in respect of trial of election

! such trial, be continued de die in diem on every lawful day until petition‘ its conclusion.

28. (1.) On every trial of a municipal election petition the Attendance of Director of publie prosecutions shall by himself or by his assistant, Director of

or by such representative as herein-after mentioned, attend at cutioMPon trial the trial, and it shall be the duty of such Director to obey any of election [ directions given to him by the election court with respect to the Potion, and summoning and examination of any witness to give evidence on such S'111011 *' trial, and with respect to the prosecution by him of offenders, and offenders, with respect to any person to whom notice is given to attend with a view to report him as guilty of any corrupt or illegal practice.

(2.) It shall also be the duty of such Director, without any direction from the election court, if it appears to him that any person is able to give material evidence as to the subject of the trial, to cause such person to attend the trial, and with the leave of the qourt to examine such person as a witness.

(3.) It shall also be the duty of the said Director, without any direction from the election court, if he thinks it expedient in the ttiterests of justice so to do, to prosecute, either before the said court-or before any other competent court, any person who has not revived a certificate of indemnity and who appears to him to have keen guilty of a corrupt or illegal practice at a municipal election. ;

'(4.) Where a person is prosecuted before an election court for »uy corrupt or illegal practice, and such person appears before the; court, the court shall proceed to try him summarily for; the said offence, and such person, if convicted thereof upon such trial, shall

subject to the same incapacities as he is subject to under this or.

O'Uy other Act, upon conviction, whether on indictment or in any;

Other proceeding for the said offence; and further, may be adjudged V the court, if the offence is a corrupt practice, to be imprisoned,;

ith or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding six months,.

°r to pay a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds, and if the.' offence is an illegal practice, to pay such fine as is fixed by this Act.

the offence:

20&

Ch.70. Mw^palElMtiori8(Coirwpt&IlkgalPractice8)< 47 &48Viot,

Provided that, in the case of a corrupt practice, the court, before proceeding to try summarily any person, shall give such person the option of being tried by a jury.

(5.) Where a person is so prosecuted for any such offence, and either he elects to be tried by a jury or he does not appear before the . court, or the court thinks it in the interests of justice expedient that he. should be tried before some other court, the court, if of opinion that the evidence is sufficient to put the said person upon his trial for the offence, shall order such person to be prosecuted on indictment or before a court of summary jurisdiction, as the case may require, for the said offence; and in either case may order him to be prosecuted before such court as may be named in the, order; and for all purposes preliminary and of and incidental,toi such prosecution the offence shall be deemed to ha ve been committed within the jurisdiction of the court so named.

(6.) Upon such order being made,

<(a.) if the accused person is present before the court, and the offence is an indictable offence, the court shall commit him to take his trial, or cause him to give bail to appear and take his trial for the said offence; and (6.) if .the accused person is present before the court, and, $e offence is hot an indictable offence, the court shall order him to .be brought before the court of summary jurisdiction before whom be is to be prosecuted, or cause him to give bail to appear , before that court; and

,(c.1 if the accused .person is not present before the court, the court'

!( shall as circumstances require issue a summons for, his, attend*,

, mice, or a warrant to.apprehend him and bring him* before a court' of summary jurisdiction, and that court, if the offence is in .indictable offence,.shall, op proof only of the' summons or Warrant and the identity of the accused,' commit him to take his , trial, pr. cause him to give bail to appear and take his trial for the. said offence, or/if ,the offence is punishable on summary conviction, shall proceed to hear the case, or if such court be not the court before whom he is directed to be prosecuted shall order him to be brought before that-'court.' j 1 (7.) Any order or act of an election-court under this .Refit,inn shall not be subject to be discharged or varied under sub-section six of 45 & 46 Vict. section ninety-two of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882; ?

®* % (&) ' The Director of public prosecutions may nominate, with the

approval of the Attorney-General, any - barristers or . solicitors not less than ten years standing, one.of. whom shall, when required, act as, the representative for the ipurposes of this i section:; of su(^ Director, and When so:acting shall receive such.remuneration a$ the Treasury may approve. There shall be allowed to the Director <8?^ his. assistant or representative/for the purposes of this section, suck allowance for expenses as the Treasury may approve. t

(0.) The costs, incurred in1 defraying the expenses of the Direct#* of public, prosecutbms under this :section' (including j tlip .remuneiV tion of his representatives) shall, in the,first instance, be paid by the Treasury, and so far as they are no.t in the case of: any prosecution paid by tbiei defendant, shall be ^tned to bd...expenses': of election court, and shall be paid as the expenses of: that'. Court

1884 Mmdcipal Elections (Corrupt Ac Illegal Pradicesj Act. Ch*70. &6?

directed by section one hundred and one of the Municipal Corpora-;45 & 46 Vict. tions Act, 1882, to be paid; but if for any reasonable cause it seems «50* just to the court so to do, the * Court shall order All or part of the said costs to be repaid to the Treasury by the parties-'to the petition, or such Of them as the court may direct.

29. (1.) Where upon the trial of a municipal election petition it Power to eiec-appears to the election court that a corrupt practice has not been ®ourt ^nt proved to have been committed in reference to the election by or by torou/^ or* with the knowledge and consent of the respondent to the petition, individual of and that such respondent took all reasonable means to prevent c.08ts °^eJec* corrupt practices being committed on his behalf, the court may tion peti on* make one or more orders with respect to the payment either of the

whole or such part of the costs of the petition- as the court may think right as follows ;

(a.) if it appears to the court- that coirupt ^practices extensively ; prevailed in reference to the said election, the court may order the whole or part of the costs to be paid by the borough; and if it appears to the court that any persist Or persons is or-are V- proved, whether by providing money or otherwise, to have been extensively engaged in Corrupt practices, er tO have encouraged . or 'promoted extensive-corrupt praetices^n reference to such election, the Court may,'after giving such person or persons an opportunity of being heard fey counsel or solicitor and of examining and cross-examining witnessesJ to show cause why * the order should not be made, order-the'whole or part of the 1 costs to be paid by that‘person, or those -persons or any of them, and may order that if-the. costs cannot fee-recovered from One or more of such persolfis.tiiey Shafi'^be- paid by some OthCr\ofj such persons or by either of the parties to the petition.

(2.) Where any person appears to the court to have been'guilty of the offence of a corrupt or illegal practice, the- court may, after 10 V giving such person an opportunity of-making $) 'statement to slioW: why the order should not fee-made, order the^ Whole or any part of . the costs of or incidental to-'any proceeding-before the court in relation to * the said offence or to the said person? to be paid by the' said person to :such' person or persons as the <ebur£ may direct.

(8;) The rules and regulations Of thie Supreme‘Court of Judicature villi respect to costs to be allowed in actions,' causes, and matters in' the High Court shall in principle-and- so 'far as practicable apply to the ccostS- of petition and other -proceeding^ under Part Four of the'Mnnicipal Corporations Act, 1882/and this Act, and the taxing 45 & 46 Vict. officer shall not allow any costs, ‘chargeS, or 'g&pienses on a higher c-50-scale than would be allowed in any actiOn, eaU^e ol- matter in the %jhf'Court on the higher scalCjas-betwfeeii'^ilfitdrand client.

( :' ' ' flsj-'V) Vttt ‘.i'idiSiT *'*1:

ii.-i;. I Miadelliine&ita'51'- '0'-

30. .'Subject to - the other provisidoit of this Act, the procedure for General pro. t^cprpsecution of a corrupt or iUegal practice w any illegal pay- visions a* to 1

emplbyriient, or hiraig/committed^ a municipal

e^tibn, and the removal of any incapaci^ ihdu^d^by reason, of a this Act.

Eviction, or tdport. relating to any, such, offbncej and the duties,of the Director of public prosecutions m'; relation1 to aify such offence, all other proceedings in relation thereto (including the grant to'

208

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

45 & 46 Vict <5. 50.

*. 94. (7.)

Person incapacitated by conviction or report to vacate seat or office.

Payment and recovery of costs.

Service of notices.

Qh.70. $wmipdElMtion8(Cor7^t&IllegalPractice8); 47&48 Vict.-

a witness of a certificate of indemnity), shall be the same as if such offence had been committed in reference to a parliamentary election *. and sections forty-five and forty-six and sections fifty to fifty-seven (both inclusive), and sections fifty-nine and sixty of the Corrupt and. Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, shall apply accordingly as if they were re-enacted in this Act with the necessary modifications, and with the following additions : — s (a.) Where the Director of public prosecutions considers that the circumstances of any case require him to institute a prosecution-before any court other than an election court for any offence, other than a corrupt practice committed in reference to a municipal election in any borough, he may, by himself or his assistant, institute such prosecution before any court of summary jurisdiction in the county in which the said borough is situate or to which it adjoins, and the offence shall be deemed for all purposes to have been committed within the jurisdiction of such court; and (6.) General rules for the purposes of Part Four of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, shall be made by the same authority as rules of court under the said sections; and (c.) The giving or refusal to give a certificate of indemnity to a witness by the election court shall be final and conclusive.

31. If any person, in consequence of conviction or of the report of an election court under this Act, becomes not capable of being elected to or sitting in the House of Commons, or of being elected to or holding any public or judicial office, and such person, at the date of the said conviction or report, has been so elected or holds any such office, then his seat or office, as the case may be, shall be vacated as from that date.

32. (1.) Where any costs of a petition are, under an order of a municipal election court, to be paid by a borough, such costs shall be paid out of the borough fund or borough rate.

(2.) Where any costs or other sums are, under the order of an election court or otherwise under this Act, to be paid by any person, those costs shall be a simple contract debt due from such person to the person or persons to whom they are to be paid, and if payable to the Treasury shall be a debt to Her Majesty, and in either case may be recovered accordingly.

33. Where any summons, notice, or document is required to be served on any person with reference to any proceeding respecting a municipal election in any borough or ward of a borough, whether for the purpose of causing him to appear before the High Court or any election court, or otherwise, or for the purpose of giving him an opportunity of making a statement, or showing cause, or being heard by himself, before any such court, for any purpose of this Act, such summons, notice, or document may be served either, by delivering the same to such person, or by leaving the same at, or sending the same by post by a registered letter to, his last known place of abode in the said borough, or, if the proceeding is before any court, in such other manner as the court may direct, and in, proving such service by post ft shall be sufficient to prove that the, letter was prepaid, properly addressed, and registered with the post, office. i

1884. Municipal Elections (Corrupt & Illegal Practices) Act. Ch.70. 209

34. In this Act expressions have the same meaning as in the Definitions. Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and in the Corrupt and Illegal 45 a 46 Vict. practices Prevention Act, 1883; except that the words " borough," c-50-"election petition," " election court," and " candidate," shall, unless * *47 vict* the context otherwise requires, have the meaning given by the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and not the meaning given by

the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883; and except that " election " shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean a municipal election.

For the purposes of this Act the number of electors shall be taken according to the .enumeration of the electors in the burgess roll.

35. This Act and Part IV. of the Municipal Corporations Act, Application to

1882, shall apply to a municipal election in the city of London, city of London subject as follows: — . . . ' Parti "Ilf*

(1.) For the purpose of such application "municipal election'* 45 & 46 Vict. means an election to the office of mayor, alderman, common c- so.

; councilman, or sheriff, and includes the election of any officer elected by the mayor, aldermen, and liverymen in common hall, and the expression " corporate office " includes each of - the vi . aforesaid offices, and the expression "borough " shall be deemed to apply to the said city:

(2.) The expression " burgess " means, in relation to each municipal election, any person entitled to vote at such election:

. (3.) Any costs or expenses directed to be paid out of the borough fund or borough rate shall, if incurred in respect of the election .of an alderman or common councilman for any ward, be paid; out of the ward rate of that ward, and in any other case shall be paid by the chamberlain of the said city out of the city's cash:

(4.) The enactments relating to personation, polling agents, and disclosure of votes shall not apply, save that if any person commits any offence under the City of London Municipal so Vict. c. 1. - Flections Amendment Act, 1867, in relation to the declaration required by that Act to be made at the poll, he shall, in addition,

' be deemed guilty of a corrupt practice under this Act:

(5.) A vacancy in any office created by the decision of an election court shall be filled by a new election, and every summoning officer is hereby authorised and required to summon the electors for such election:

(6.) In the case of an election of an alderman and common councilman a sum may be paid and expense incurred not in excess of the maximum fixed by this Act for the election of a councillor.

(7.) In the case of an election by liverymen in common hall a sum may be paid and expenses incurred, if a poll be not demanded, not exceeding forty pounds, and, if a poll be demanded, then not exceeding two hundred and fifty pounds, and, in the event of a poll being demanded, such poll shall take place on the third day after the demand for a poll be made, unless such third day be a Sunday, in which case the poll shall take place on the fourth day, and the poll shall last . for one day only, and commence at the hour of eight in the morning and close at six in the evening.

o <3h.7o.'

(8.) The town clerk shall send the corrupt and illegal practices. jIV h i list, when made out by him, to the ward clerk of' each ward not less than fourteen days before the day on which tHc Het/ of persons entitled to Vote in such ward is required to he mad& add out, and the aldermen and common couiicilmen of each ward I v shall omit from such last-mentioned list the names-of all per* i 4 -a sons mentioned in the corrupt and illegal practices list; and the - ru corrupt and illegal practices list shall he printed and appended j to every copy of the list of persons entitled to Vote in such ward1

.; o Applicaiion of Ad to other elections. -Application of , 368 (k) Subject as herein-af ter mentioned, the provisions (dHdis I Atcfcocnd of Part Four of the Municipal Oorporations-Act, 1882$ I 45 & -amended by this Act, shall extend to elections for the offices nuen*

c. 50ytQ other tioned in the first column of the First" Schedule to^ this Act ai if I elections, .i, re-enacted herein and in terms made applicable thereto, and peti- I tions may he presented and tried, and offences prosecuted and I punished, and incapacities incurred in reference to each such elec* I tion.accordingly.

i. JRrovided that in the application of the said provisions to any I such election:

- (et.) The area, officer, and rate mentioned opposite to the office in I -.the second; third, and fourth columns of the said schedule,shall 1 he deemed to he substituted for the borough or Vard,1 tom I clerk, and borough fund or rate respectively.

>*'.<(&,) The expression "corporate office" in the said provisions shall I mean an office mentioned in the said schedule, and in relation 1; v, to .the election of a guardian Of -a union includes any such office I in the union, and " a municipal election " shall meanian election I to such office, and the expressions " municipal election court," ] municipal election list," and " municipal election petition I; . t shall he construed accordingly;

lv (c;) No corrupt and illegal practices list' shall he made for any I such election*

(d.) Vacancies created by the decision-of an election court shall be filled by a new election.

(e.) A petition relating to the election Of A guardian of A union may be tried at any place within the unioin

(/.) Nothing in the said provisions shall render it unlawful to hold a meeting for the purpose of promoting Or proOur^the election of a candidate to any office mentioned in* the said schedule on any licensed or .other premises not situate in urban sanitary district or in the Metropolis; '

; (g.)' Where the poll at any election to' an Office in the ‘said schedule is taken by means of voting papers, such of the sai® provisions as relate to personation, polling agents, disclosure0* votes and conveyance of'.Voters, shall mot apply; but w offence in relation to voting papers' or to personation or voting at such' election which is punishable on summary cCi!1‘ viction (that is to say,) the offences mentioned in sectioin o*ios5Viot‘ Ml of the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1851,1 and in rule sixty-D^0 88 & 39 vict. !' i' ‘ Schedule Two to the Public 'Health Act;-1876, shall, witto^ c. 55. prejudice to the.punishment under such section-and rule

211

jgg4. Elections (Corrupt <& lllegdZ'ProLetiee^Adt. Qh;?0.m

person guilty of such offence, be deemed to be an illegal practice within the meaning of the said provisions.

(h.) The Local Government Board shall have the same power as|

|r heretofore under section eight of the Poor Law Amendment 5 & 6 Vict.

.Act. 1842. to determine any question arising as to the right of c- ®7* a person to act as guardian, except that the Board shall not have power —

To determine, until after the expiration of twenty-one J^l.'ij^ days after the election of a person, as-guardian* any ques^ l; .S' tion which can be determined upon an election petition under this section,;,nor jilt fij (h) To determine any question which is raised by an election # 'i -petition under, this1 section, and ;is -either awaiting decision fib f. or has been decided by an election court; nor

, (c.) To determiner any question of general corruption, or" of feo :-,y -.any corrupt or illegal practice, except so far as appears to such Board necessary for determining the validity of any jg*'.. vote. I . r ,tr> I, r ..,rr | .. r.

, , (2.) The judges for the time being on the rota for the. trial of parliamentary election petitions, or any two of thosei Judges, may annually appoint as many barristers, hot exceeding fiye, as .they may think necessary to be commissioners for the trial of election petitions under Part Four of the. Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and this Act, and shall from time to time assign the petitions (whether relating to a< municipal election or ,to any. other election to which this Act extends) to be tried by each commissioner.

37. The provisions of this Act which prohibit the payment of Exemption*1

any sum, and the incurring of any expense by or on behalf of a from pro-candidate at an election, on account of, or in respect of, the conduct ex-

management of the election, and thosie which relate to the time penseB. for sending in and paying claims, and those which relate to th;e maximum amount of election expenses, or the return or declaration respecting election expenses, ahdljnot-apply-to any of the. elections mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act.

| JRepeal,

38, The Acts specified; in the Second Schedule this Act are Repeal of Acts, hereby repealed as from the commencement of this Act to the

;e^t$b.fc in the third column, of that schedule mentioned, hut such repeal shall not affect anything duly done or suffered, or any right acquired or accrued, or any incapacity incurred, before the commencement of this Act 5 and any person subject to any incapacity mider any enactm&dt hereby repealed, or under any enactment for ^Mch such repealed enactment was substituted, shall continue subject thereto, and this Act shall apply to him as if he had become 8Q subject- in pursti&iicC' of the provisions of this Act.

, 39* This Act bmil coM Jnfo operation on the first day of October Commence-^etthoTUsand eight hundred and eighty* four, which day is in this ment Act. Act referred to as the commencement of this Act.

i 'j Extent of Act. |||

40. This Act shaff Hof extend to Scotland or Ireland. extend to Scot-

41. "This Act shall /continue in force to the end of the year one land or Ireland,

‘bousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and no longer. Act?*011 of

212

Section 36.

Section 38.

SCHEDULES. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Elections to which this Act extends. In England.

Office. Area. Officer. Rate.

Member of local hoard, Local Govern- Clerk to the local The general dis-

as defined by the ment district board, or person trict rate.

Public Health Act, or ward of performing like

1875. such district. duties.

Member of Improve- Improvement Clerk to the Im- The general dis-

ment Commissioners, Act district provement Com- trict rate or

as defined by the Pub- or ward of missioners, or person performing like duties. other rate oat

lie Health Act, 1875. such district. of which the expenses of the Improvement Commissioners are payable.

.Guardian elected under Parish or ward Clerk to the guar- The poor rate of

the Poor Law Amend- of a parish dians, or person the parish or

ment Act, 1834. or united parishes. performing like duties. united parishes.

Member of school board School district or division of the metropolis. Returning officer of school board. The school fund.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act is inclusive of the words, section, or other part first and last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion comprised in the description or citation.

As to England.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 50.

The Elementary Education Act, 1870.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

Section thirty-three.

Section seventy-seven, fronl " corrupt practice" down to " or personation," and from "canvasser" down to "ca®' didate at a municipal election."

Section seventy-eight.

Section seventy-nine.

Section eighty.

Section eighty-two.

Section eighty-three.

Section eighty-four.

Section ninety-two, sub-sect^ four, from " and those judge0 down to the end of the 00 section. i.

Section ninety-four, suVu, tions five, six, seven, and eJgjy

So much of section ninety-®1^ sub-section two, as relates the principles of taxation.

213

THIRD SCHEDULE. section 2.

Part I.

Enactments defining Corrupt Practices. — Enactments defining the Offence of Bribery.

The Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854, 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. sections 2 and 3.

S. 2. The following persons shall be deemed guilty of bribery, and shall Bribery de-be punishable accordingly: — "ne^-

(1.) Every person who shall, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other, person on his behalf, give, lend, or agree to give or lend, or shall offer, promise, or promise to procure or endeavour to procure, any money or valuable consideration to or for any voter, or to or for any person on behalf of any voter, or to or for any other person, in order to induce any voter to vote or refrain from voting, or shall corruptly do any such act as aforesaid on account of such voter having voted or refrained from voting at any election.

(2.) Every person who shall, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, give or procure, or agree to give or procure, or offer, promise, or promise to procure or endeavour to procure, any office, place, or employment to or for any voter, or to or for any person on behalf of any voter, or to or for any other person, in order to induce such voter to vote or refrain from voting, or shall corruptly do any such act as aforesaid on account of any voter having voted or refrained from voting at any election.

(3.) Every person who shall, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, make any such gift, loan, offer, promise, procurement, or agreement as aforesaid, to or for any person, in order to induce such person to procure or endeavour to procure the return of any person to serve in Parliament, or the vote of any voter at any election.

(4.) Every person who shall, upon or in consequence of any such gift, j loan, offer, promise* procurement, or agreement, procure, or engage,. promise, or endeavour to procure the return of any person to serve in Parliament, or the vote of any voter at any election.

(5.) Every person who shall advance or pay, or cause to be paid, any money to or to the use of any other person with the intent that such money, or any part thereof, shall be expended in bribery at any election, or who shall knowingly pay or cause to be paid any money to any person in discharge or repayment of any money wholly or in part expended in bribery at any election : Provided always, that the aforesaid enactment shall not extend or be construed to extend to any money paid or agreed to be paid for on account of any legal expenses bona fide incurred at or concerning any election.

S. 3. The following persons shall also be deemed guilty of bribery, and Bribery further shall be punishable accordingly: — . defined,

(I.) Every voter who. shall, before or during any election, directly <>r indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, receive, agree, or contract for any money, gift, loan, or valuable consideration, office, place, or employment, for himself or for any other person, for voting or agreeing to vote, or from refraining or agreeing to refrain from voting at any election.

(2.) Every person who shall, after any election, directly or indirectly, by himself or by any other person on his behalf, receive any money or valuable consideration on account of any person having voted or refrained from voting, or having induced any other person to vote or . refrain from voting at any election.

£14

Gh.70, MunicipalEUctions(Cormpt<IIllegalPmctices). 47&48 Vict,

The Representation of the People Act, 1867, 30 & 31 Vict. c. 102. s.49.

Corrupt payiy S. 49. Any person, either directly or indirectly, corruptly paying an; ment of rates rate on behalf of any ratepayer for the purpose of enabling him to be to be punish- registered as a voter, thereby to influence his vote at the future election able as bribery. an<i any candidate or other person, either directly or indirectly, paying any rate on behalf of any voter for the purposes, of inducing him to vote or refrain from voting, shall .be guilty of .bribery, and be punishable accord* ingly; 'and atiy person ott whose behalf and with whose privity any such payment as in this section is mentioned is made, shall also be guilty of A bribery; and punishable accordingly.

Enactment defining the Offence of Personation.

The Ballot Act, 1872, 35 & 36 Vict. c. 33. s. 24.

Personation i S. 24. A person shall, for all purposes of the. laws relating to par-defined. .liamentary and-municipal elections, be deemed to be guilty of the offeree of personation who, at an election for a county or borough, or at a municipal election, applies for a ballot paper in the name of some other person whether that name be that of a person living or dead, or of a fictitious person, or who, having voted once at any such election, applies at the same election for a ballot paper in his own name.

Enactments defining the Offences of Treati/ng and Undue Influence,

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, 46 & 47 Vict.

. c. 51. ss. l and 2.

What is treat- ' S. 1. Any person who corruptly by himself or by any other person, either ing. before, during, or -after an election, directly or indirectly gives or provides,

or pays wholly or in part the expense of giving or providing any meal, drink, entertainment, or provision to or for any person for the purpose of corruptly influencing that person or any other person to give or refrain from giving his vote at the election, or on account of such person or any other person having voted or refrained from voting; or being about' to vote or refrain from Voting at such election, shall be guilty of treating.

And every elector who corruptly accepts or takes any such meat, drink, entertainment, or provision, shall also be guilty of treating.

What is undue " S. 2.- Every person who shall directly-or indirectly, by himself or by influence. any other parson on his behalf, make use of or threaten to make use of any force, violence, or restraint, or inflict or threaten to inflict, by himself or by any other person, any temporal or spiritual injury, damage, harm, "or loss upon or against any person in order to induce or compel such person to vote or refrain from voting, or on account of such person having 1 voted or refrained from voting at any election, or who shall by abduction, duress, or any fraudulent device or contrivance impede or prevent the free exercise of the franchiseof any elector, or shall thereby compel, induce, or prevail upon any elector either to give or to refrain from giving; his vote at any election, shall be guilty of undue influence.

1*' > ‘ * '; v *v . . ' i _ . '

Enactment 'defining, the' Offences of Bribery, Treating, Undue Influence, and Personation.

The Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. s. 77-Definitions. S. 77. " Bribery," "treating," "undue influence," and "personation" include respectively anything done before, at, after, or with respect to municipal election, which, if done before, at, after, or with respect t« a parliamentary election, would make the person doing the same liable to

1884. Municipal Elections (Corrupt & Illegal Practices) Act. Ch.70.

any penalty, punishment, or disqualification for bribery, treating, undue influence, or personation, as the case may be, under any Act for the time in force with respect to parliamentary elections.-

2151

Past II.

*° * ' Enactments reldling to Disqualification of Electors. Section 23.

The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883, 46 & 47 Vict. f, ., v-A ,-jrf .. y v , c. 51. sections 37 and 38.

S. 37. Every person who, in consequence of conviction or of the report Prohibition of

any election court'or election commissioners under this Act, or under the disqualified

Corrupt Practices (Municipal Elections) Act, 1872, or under Part IV. of Persons from

the Municipal Corporations Act,. 1882, or under any other Act for the' time gj? vict

being in jforce relating to corrupt practices at an election for any public c. 60.

#ce,. has become incapable of voting at any election, whether a parlia- 45 & 46 Vict.

mentary (election or an election to any public. office, is prohibited from c. 50.

voting at any such election, and his vote shall be void.

S. 38. (1.) Before a person, not being a party to an election petition nor Hearing of

a candidate on behalf of whom the seat is claimed by an election petition, is Person before

reported by an election court * to have been guilty, at an

election, of any corrupt or illegal practice, the court # shall jUpt 0r illegal

cause notice to be -given to such person, and if he appears in pursuance of practice, and

the notice, shall give him an opportunity of being heard by himself and of incapacity of

calling evidence in his defence to show why he should not be so reported, person re # ported guilty.

(5.) Every person who, after the commencement of this Act, is reported by any election court * to have been guilty of any corrupt or

illegal ' practice at an election, shall, whether he obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, be subject-to the same incapacity as he would be subject to if he had at the date of suGh election been convicted of the offence of which he is reported to have been guilty *

(6.) Where a person who is a justice of the peace is reported by any election court * to have been guilty of any corrupt practice in

reference to an election, whether he has obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, it shall be the duty of the Director of Public Prosecutions to report the case to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, with such evidence as may have been given of such corrupt practice, and where any such person-acts as a justice of > the peace by virtue of his being or having;been mayor of a borough, the Lord High Chancellor shall have the same powet to, remove such person from being a justice of the peace as if he was named,in a commission of the. peace. . : ' l.j; -i -ui.

(7.) Where a person who is: a barrister or a solicitor, or , who belongs to any profession the admission to which is regulated by law, is reported.by any election court * to have been guilty of any corrupt practice

in reference to an election, whether such person has obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, it shall he the duty of the Director of Public Prosecutions to bring the matter before the Inn of Court, High Court, or tribunal having power to take cognizance of any misconduct of such person in his profession, and such Inn q£ .Court, High Court, or tribunal may deal with such person in like manner as if such corrupt practice were misconduct by such person in his profession.

(8.) With respect to a person holding a license or certificate under the ^icensing Acts (in this section referred to as a licensed person) the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a.) If it appears to the court by which any licensed person is convicted of the offence of bribery or treating that such offence was. committed on his licensed premises, the court shall direct such conviction to be entered in the proper register of licenses:

216

Section 21.

Cfl.70. Municipal Electio7is(Corrupt<S:Illegal Practices). 47&48 Vict.

(6.) If it appears to an election court * that a licensed person has knowingly suffered any bribery or treating in reference to any election to take place upon his licensed premises, such court * (subject to the provisions of this Act as to a person having an oppor. tunity of being heard by himself and producing evidence before being ] reported) shall report the same; and, whether such person obtained a certificate of indemnity or not, it shall be the duty of the Director of I Public Prosecutions to bring such report before the licensing justices' I from whom or on whose certificate the licensed person obtained'bis ] license, and such licensing justices shall cause such report to be entered ] in the proper register of licenses:

(c.) Where an entry is made in the register of licenses of any sudr I conviction of or report respecting any licensed person as above in this I section mentioned, it shall be taken into consideration by the licensing I justices in determining whether they will or will not grant to such I person the renewal of his license or certificate, and may be a ground, if I the justices think fit, for refusing such renewal.

* * # # # * 1

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Form, of Declaration by Candidate as to Expenses.

I , having been a candidate at the

election of councillor for the borough [or ward] of ,on

the day of ' [and my agents do hereby solemnly and

sincerely declare that I have paid ]J for my expenses at

the said election, and that, except as aforesaid, I have not, and to the best of my knowledge and belief, no person, nor any club, society, or association; has on my behalf, made any payment, or given, promised, or offered any reward, office, employment, or valuable consideration, or incurred any liability' on account of or in respect of the conduct or management of the said election..

And I further solemnly and sincerely declare that, except as aforesaid, no money, security, or equivalent for money, has to my knowledge or bdief been paid, advanced, given, or deposited by anyone to or in the hands of myself, or any other person, for the purpose of defraying any expenses incurred on my behalf on- account of or in respect of the conductor -management oi the said election.

And I .further solemnly and sincerely declare that I will not' at any future time make or be a party to the making- or giving of any payment, reward) office, employment, or valuable consideration for the purpose of defraying any such expenses as last mentioned, dr provide or be a party to the providing of any money, security, or equivalent for money for the purpose of defraying any such expenses.

Sigflature of declarant C.D.

Signed and declared by the above-named declarant on the daj

df oi ,. before me.

(Signed) jj E.F.

Justice of the Peace for ,

Intestates Estates Act, 1884.

Ch, 71,

217

i 1884<

CHAPTER 71.

Act to amend the Law respecting the administration of the Personal Estate and the Escheat of the Real Estate of Deceased Persons; and for other purposes.

[14th August 3884.],

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Intestates Estates Act, 1884. Short title.

2. Where, the administration of the personal estate of any deceased Recovery of person is granted to a nominee of Her Majesty (whether the Treasury Solicitor, or a person nominated by the Treasury Solicitor, or any person wj,ere other person), any action or other proceeding by or against such administratioi» nominee for the recovery of . the personal estate of such deceased person, or any share thereof, shall be of the same character, and be 0 e

brought, instituted, and carried on in the same manner, and be subject to the same rules of law and equity (including the rules of limitation under the statutes of limitation or otherwise), in all respects as if the administration had been granted to such nominee-as one of the next of kin of such deceased person.

3. After the passing of this Act an information or other proceed- Limitation on ing on the part of Her Majesty shall not be filed or instituted, and a proceedings to-petition of right shall not be presented, in respect of the personal s3S"by estate of any deceased person or any part or share thereof, or any or from Crown, claim thereon, except within the same time and subject to the same rules of law and equity in and subject to which an action for the like purpose might be' brought by or against a subject.

4. From and after the passing of this Act, where a person dies'Escheat of without an heir and intestate in respect of any real estate consisting, real estate. of any estate or interest whether legal or equitable in any incorporeal hereditament, or of any equitable estate or interest in any corporeal hereditament, whether devised or not devised to trustees' by the will of such person, the law of escheat shall apply in the same manner as if the estate or interest above mentioned were a legal estate in corporeal hereditaments.

5. — (1.) Where in any action or other proceeding in Her Majesty's Power of High Court of Justice or in the Court of Chancery of the County court to seir Palatine of Lancaster it appears to the court that Her Majesty is- cro^iifreai; entitled to . any hereditament, corporeal or incorporeal, or to any-estate, estate or interest, legal or equitable, therein, such court may, on the application or- with the consent of the Attorney-General, notwithstanding that no office has been found and no commission issued or executed, order a sale, of the hereditament, estate, or interest, and such portion of the net proceeds of any such sale as represents the' interest of Her Majesty shall be paid, invested, transferred, sold, or disposed of in manner provided by section four of the Treasury 3&&4oTi'cb 2

Solicitor Act, 1876. - ' ' Cl 18k

(2.) Section one of the Act of the session of the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter fifty-five, intituled "An Act to- extend the provisions of the Trustee-Act,

Ch. 71v Intestates' Estates :&ct> 1884. 47 & 48

1850," shall apply on any such sale in like manner as if any estate or interest of Her Majesty comprised, in' the sale were vested in a subject, - .

Power to 6. Where a pferson dies without an heir and intestate in respect

w*^right<rf aU or any part of his real estate, whether his estate or interest tain cases.CCr therein is legal, of -equitable; and application is made for the Waiver See of any r%ht of Her Majesty in respect of such intestacy to such

59 G. a. e. 94.' estate- by .-or on, behalf of any person ?to whom,~or to; a trustee for whom, Her Majesty would, if Her-Majesty's title had been duly found- by inquisition, have power to grant such real estate, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by warrant under the hands. -of the Com-... > missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any two of them, to authorise - r the waiver of "such right, on such terms; whether for the paymentof ~ money otherwise, as may he specified- in ithe warrant, and the-' Treasury SoHcitor may, in pursuance of .such warrant, convey to;

; the person in whose favour such waiver is made the bright of-Her < 16 Majesty so waived: Provided, that if at any time not later than t^O; years after such conveyance any person claiming any estate $ interest in or to the said real estate demands that an inquisition in respect of Her Majesty's title shall be issued, and gives security to the satisfaction of the Treasury Solicitor, for the costs of the issue and execution of such inquisition, such inquisition shall issue m like-manner as if this section had not been enacted.

. If no such -inquisition issues, such, conveyance shall be of ^ie , same effect as if .it were a grant from Her Majesty .after, office r " . found; and every person banging an action to establish^any cleim to such real estate, or. any part thereof, nr interest therein, shall be in the same,.position, and, have the same rights asrif- he we traversing, such office found.

Definition of 7. Where any beneficial interest in the real estate, of r any intestacy. . deceased person, whether the estate or -interest of such.de^s

.. .';: person therein was legal, ox equitable, is, owing to the failure of

objects of-, the devise, PSP <$hgr circumstances. happening before W after the death of such person,; . in whole or-in, part not effectually disposed ,o£ such .person, shall; 7be deemed, for the purposes .of this Act, to have-died :intest$te,i:n respect of such part of the swd hpne-: ficial interest as. is ineffectually disposed of. , /;

Application of 8. This Act shall extend to the Duphyn©f Lancaster, wfth i$h Act to.Duchy addition, that £be Chancellor of. 'the. Buchy,;

«f Lancaster. ||j ®y Duchy,; and thergol^itorjpf th© Unohy respo'^y^y#,^a|L?l».

-1. 1 substituted for the Gpj^ipistaonors of, Her Majesty's Treasury, the

5'4ttdmey-j3teneral, and the Treasury Solicitor respectively,; and' the proceeds of any sale shall he !a,pplienbiej and be d^it-rwith ta all intents and purposes; as such proceeds, would ox,might ?havQ been applied or; dealt with if the h^ditanientsjnstate^ or interest had been, sold under .©r ;in pursuance, .of any other qjqwerni.jtha.t behalf.

Application of 8. In the application of this Act toi.Ireland ;thg following , py®.* Act toIreland, yigions ghall tal^e. effect i, ;

| ,-j (a.) The Crown and Treasury Solicitor for Ireland shall be Sid*

stituted for,- the, .Treasury Solicitor..

(b.) The reference to the Treasury Solicitor Act, 1876> shall net j apply,. The portion;- of, .the net- proceeds of any sale und#

m

j884. Intestates Estates Act, 1884. Ch^71,/7&

this Act which represents. the interest of Her Majesty in r the hereditament/ estate, or interest sold shall be dealt1 with / and disposed of in such manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may by general or special order from time

< to time direct.

- ic.) Her Majesty's High Court of Justice in Ireland and the [ JbvAttorney^Generali for Ireland shall be substituted for thfe High : Court of Justice and the Attorney^General.o to*/*) Jeon JLO^-This Act shall not extend to Scotland. nwY Extent#f Act.

CHAPTER 72.

An Act for preventing the erection of Bmldingk on Disused .^Burial Grounds.

[14th August 1884]

WHEREAS an Act Was passed in the session of Parliament ijPSF^hoMen in the fifteenth and sixteenth yearn of Her Majesty, chapter eighty-five, to amend the laws concerning the burial of the dead»in the metropolis, and an Act was passed in the session hol^en in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of Her Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty-four, " to amend the laws concerning the burial of the dead in England, beyond the limits , of "dhej metropolis, and to amend the Act concerning the burial of " file dead in the metropolis And whereas in pursuance of the provisions of the above recited Acts numerous Orders in Council have been made for the discontinuance of burials in certain burial grounds within the metropolis" and elsewhere: And' whereas it is expedient that no buildings should be erected on any burial ground affected by any of such Orders in Council:

ggbjro therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,

%apd' with the'.a^vi^‘. -and, consent of /th^Jiords Spiritual and iC^mmons, in this'present Parliament assembled, and hythe authority of, the same,as,'h)llows ;

v , JU...This Act may he» cited , tos the Misused Burial Grounds Act, short titie. Ip4>.

2. In this Act a "disused buriah ground " shall "mean a burial interpretation srpund in respect, of which an,- Order .in Council' has been'; made cIause* for the disqontinuance of burialstherein"in pursuance, of the protons,of..the saifi^hpitod. Act§!,

2. After the passing of this Act if shall not lawful to erect No^wa«»to any buildings upon any disused burial ground, except for the pur- disused burial0" pose of enlarging a ohuroh, 'Chapeli meeting house, or other places of ^S^SeSt, Worship. -; 1 - - - fl| r'* 4c.

4. Nothing, in this Act shall prevent the erection of any building Savingfor On a disused; burial ground-far which a faculty has been obtained

before the passing of this Act* - ' sanctionea. '

5. Nothing;fin this Act-contained shall apply to any( burial Savingofbariai ground which has | been sold or t disposed of under the authority of (£°]j^jold

Act Qf Parliament. . d I 11 ' : r< r 1 ' : Parliament.

220 Cs.,73.. Appi'opriationAct, 1884?. 47 & 48 Yiej

CHAPTER 73.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. [14th August 1884,]

* Most Gracio.us Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most, dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

Issue of L The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the time

3b®27,299/. "being may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Consolidated Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making Fund. good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service, of the

year ending' on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, the sum of thirty-seven million eight hundred and twenty-seven thousand two hundred and ninety-nine pounds.

Power for the 2. The Commissioners of Her 'Majesty's Treasury may borrotf Treasury to from time to-time, on the credit of the said sum of thirty-seven borrow. million eight hundred and twenty-seven thousand two hundred and ninety-nine pounds'any sum or sums of equal or less amount in the whole, and shall repay the' moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out d the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later-than the next succeeding quarter to. t^at in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned & Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said. Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said Schedule, in the: aggregate, to the sum m fifty-six. nfilfiori one hundred and sixty-four thousand one hundred and seventy-two pounds fourteen shillings and tenpence are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from tb® date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) for the purposes-and services expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

221

1884. A'ppr&priation Act, 1884. Ch. 73.

/ The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided 'Treasury may, for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this ^ency^ Act; and which it may be detrimental to the public service to post- authorise pone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the expenditure usual course, each of the departments entrusted with the control for; provided over the said services shall forthwith make application in writing that the aggre-

to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their authority gate grants for

v v v «/ ujc navy scr*

to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which vices and fin-may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expendi- the army ture upon votes within the same department, and in such applica- ®^ren8^c' lion the department shall represent to the Commissioners of the exceeded. (Treasury the circumstances which ' may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the said Commissioners may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the said Commissioners to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said departments, shall be laid before the -House of Commons with the appropriation accounts, of,navy.and army services for the year, ifl order that'such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as-Parliament may determine.

The Commissioners' of the Treasury- shall not authorise any * expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this, Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the powers Sanction foe vested in them by the Act of the session held in the forty-fifth and 'forty-sixth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter 1882^83 un- ° seventy-one, have authorised expenditure not provided for in the proved for.

sums appropriated- by the said Act to certain votes for "naval-and 'military services for the year ended ofl the thirty-first day of March

one thousand eight hundred and, eighty-thre§, to be temporarily defrayed- out of the balances (including surpluses of.appropriations in aid) unexpended in respect of the sums appropriated to certain other votes for naval and military Services for the said year; viz:,

1st. Expenditure of one hundred and fifty "one. thousand nine hundred pounds seventeen shillings and -tenpence for certain navy, services-unprovided for, temporarily defrayed out of the unexpended Balances of certain votes for navy services,

. aided- by the sum,realised in excess of the .estimated appropriations in aid. -2d. Expenditure of one hundred and seventeen thousand nine hundred and se^nty-nlne potinds eight shillings and fiVe-pence for certain army services unprovided for, temporarily defrayed out of the unexpended balances of certain votes for

WL

.73; Act,' 1884: 47 & 48 Ykjr

'army services, aided tfy the sum Realised'm excesa of (he estimated ) appropriations ill aid:

It isendcted, that the- application of the said sums is. hereby sanctioned.

Decinhtetii ' 'f & A pemomshall nc»t receive, any part of' a grant which may he requited in cet- made in pursuance of; this Act for half pay, or army, navy,! Or civil ^fore^ei t uptUthei has subscribed; such; declarations

tStiffip may - from time ;:to time be .prescribed by-a warrant of the- Gomi priated. - missioners of' Hers Majesty's '.Treasury before- y$>n/fc> of the peteons prescribed by such warrant*

.'Provided' that, whenever any Such- payment is made atr more . \: frequent intervals than once in a quarter; the, Commissioners o| v.r.ii -y-i Her Majesty's 3^reas\lry-.may;dispens& with the production/©f more than one declaration in respect of each quarter*

- Any person who makes a declaration for .the purpose of this sect tion^-knOwing; the Same to he untrue, in. any material particular shall he guilty of a misdemeanor.

Short title of 7« This Act may be Gited for all purposes as the'Appropriation Act Act, 1884.

H11 : El! abstract 0

. - OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

.SCHEDULED

£ pm

Grants out of tire Consolidated Fund, < - .. - 56.164,172 14_3j

SCHEDULE (B.)-^AppRopriation Of Grants.

j 1888-84* max in m Parti. Civil‘Services Deficiencies, 1882-83 # . r.>i 2. Civil Services.and Revenue departments (Supplementary) 1883^84 - - -

, 3. Navy (Stipple^entfiCry) 1883^84' >'

, 4. Army (Supplementary) 1883-84

ofii, Afghan War (Grant in Aid) (Supplementary) >.> !. J 1883-84

W £ (j A d. g 1,526.14.10

&65,029 0 0 147,200 0 0 370,900 0 0

500,000 0 .0-

1,384,6551

.'.1884-85.

, 6. Navy hJ ft

, 7. Army . , . hi

.. 8. Civil Services. Class I.

, 9. Ditto, ' . Class p|

,.10. Ditto, Class HI.

,11. Ditto, i_ Class IV.

, 12. Ditto, Class V.

, 13. Ditto; 1 Class VI.

,14. Ditto, l - j Class VIL

. ‘Total Civui Services

, 15. Revemrt departments, &c. *4

, 16. Advances for Greenwich Hospital and School

, 17. Afghan Wap (Grant in Aid) -:

, 18. Relief of General Gordon (vote of Credit)

1,803,802

2,409,134-

6,414,813

4,860,433

673,822

1,180,414

36,694

loisii, W

15,930,#

Cs.

m

1884 ' : ' AppfdpTidtidrb Adt^ #884, -

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out op. the Consolidated Fund. u j 710Muuk.

For the service of the years ending 31st March* 1883 and 1884; viz.

; s. d.

Under Act 47 Vict. c. 4. -7 - 1 f,"vn( a,; 14 1<>

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1885 : — , ,

Under Act 47 Vict. c. 41. - * - *« '',u' ' tr‘lbj43S^50 0 0

Undhr Act 47 Vict. c. 15. - - ,J'J - 1$,$68 0 0

Under this Acjt * - [ - i - > V*. ». 37,827,299 0 0

'Total, - J - -I J r, r 30J64,^2 1410

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Civil Services Deficiencies, 1882-83. j iil(j t Schedule of Sums granted to make good deficiencies on the-several grants herein ^particularly mentioned for the year ended on the Slap day of March 1883; viz.: —

CIVIL SERVICES.

. Class II. Board of Trade - - - . m 7 - 4 s. d. 1,330 16 5

Record Office - - . t T‘ m 40 0 8

JMeiy Board,'" Scotland »r;»uo:0'J nj«rj< Household, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland - . S . 2* 1 '":1'04 7 6

- - - 7; 33 5 6

Class VEL

Temporary Commissions - - « - ' *; - ,u M - . - .; .18 4 9

Total - , - - j 1,526 14 10'

IjrwIXl7 j . SCH^U^-.^Part 2.

:"Civil -Services and Revenue Departments Supplementary, 1883-84.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums, granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1884; viz.

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class I.

.RoyalBarks and Pleasure Gardens

TPublic" Buildings, Great Britain -^Pnblio Offices Site -

Metropolitan Police Court Buildings-New Courts of Justice and Offices -

Shannon Navigation * . ' > -

. Lighthouses Abrphd * -

Class II.'

.Treasury' 'p. ' 7V m ",

' Home Office - * ' - -

Bankruptcy Department of the Board of Trade 'i Charity Commission Vt ,3a '%

Local Government Board : "

The Mint - ' "

Patent Office - v-.. , " *

Stationery and Printing * _ *

£ Secret) Servi<39i".'

*V^iil' '.:Local Government Board,Ireland « v! r. v" i at^ -- Public Works Office, Ireland -

£ 1,454 7,862 11,901 2 90 5,005 2,003 1,000

1,766 500 ?

100

2,350

7,950

5,000

1,453

30,629

lOjOOOO; 1 2,783.; 11 10,000

Class III.

Chancery Division and Supreme Court Central Office* Supreme Court County Courts -

Police, Great Britain - , - , - . - .

Convict Establishments in England and Colonies Reformatory, &c. Schools, Great Britain Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum -

Lair Charges, &c.^Ireland - -

Supreme Court of Judicature, Ireland " -

Irish Land Commission ...

County Court Officers, Ireland * - "

Dublin Metropolitan Police -Prisons, Ireland . —

* Class IV.

London University - .

South Wales University College -

Class V.

Diplomatic Services, *

Consular Services

Suppression of the Slave Trade - - -

Tonnage Bounties and Liberated African Department Suez Canal (British Directors) °

Grants in Aid of Expenditure in certain Colonies

South Africa and St. B,elena

Subsidy to Castle Mail Packets Company

Class YI.

Superannuation"and Retired Allowances Class WII. "

Repayments to Civil Contingencies Fund

Total Civil Services

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Post Office . - -

Post Office Packet Service

ToIal Revenue Department Grand Total

425 985 9,916 5,100 , 100 4,700 .730 15,090 1,194 1,654 1,000 18,000 2,110

335

2,000

27,600 1,000 5,485 1,207 * 155 13,700 11,327 8,000

4,200

7,020

245,029

102,000

18,000

120,000

365,029

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

- Navy (Supplementary), 1883-84.

For defraying additional Expenditure arising out of military operations in Egypt, incurred* during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1884 beyond the Sums granted by Parliament - -

SCHEDULE- (B.) — Part 4.

- Army.(Supplementary), 1883-84.

For defraying additional Expenditure incurred during the-year ended on the 31st day of March 1884, for Army Services - . . -; ~-j

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

Afghan War (Grant in Aid) (Supplementary), 1883-84.

For the payment of a fifth instalment of a grant in aid of the Expenditure £ incurred by the Government of India upon the war in Afghanistan in the years 1878-80, which became payable during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1884 - - 500,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No. £

1. For wages, &c. to 56,950 seamen and marines - I 2,671,800

2. For victuals and clothing for seamen and marines * - - 1 870,400

3. For the expenses of the Admiralty Office - 188,600

4. For the expense of the coast guard service, the royal naval reserve,

and seamen and marine pensioners reserve, and royal naval artillery volunteers - - - . - - 196,900

5. For the expense of the several scientific departments of the navy - 112,670

6. For the expense of the dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad 1,573,600

7. For the expense of the victualling yards at home and abroad - - 70,900

8. For the expense of the medical establishments at home and abroad - 66,400

y. For the expense of the Marine Divisions - - - 21,700

10. Sect. 1. For naval stores for building, repairing, and outfitting the

fleet and coast guard - 1,124,500

>, Sect. 2. For steam machinery, and ships built by contract, &c. - 1,040,000

U. For new works, buildings, machinery, and repairs in the naval establishments - 481,700

12. For medicines, medical stores, &c. - - 62,500

13. For martial law, &c. - - - . 10,400

14. For the expense of various miscellaneous services - 116,900

15. For half pay, reserved half pay, and retired pay to officers of the

navy and marines - 853,900

Sect. 1. For military pensions and allowances - 889,600

>> Sect. 2. For civil pensions and allowances -I 328,400

*. For freight of ships, for the victualling and conveyance of troops, on I

account of the army department - - I , 130,900

ne

Total Navt Services

10,811,770

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

. ARMY.

Hedule of Sums granted to defray the charges for the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

or the general staff and regimental pay, allowances, and charges of Her Majesty's land forces at home and abroad, exclusive of charges

T?,°na^dia - - * ' ' ' ' ' - -

3. jj, or divine service - - * - "

t. j,or.Administration of military law -

0r Medical establishments and services - - -

TAT- - p

Sums not exceeding

4,230,000

57,500

36,800

303,000

226

Ch. 73.

Appropriation Act, 1884.

No.

5. For the pay and allowances of a force of militia, not exceeding 136,806

men, including 30,000 militia reserve -

6. For the yeomanry cavalry pay and allowances

7. For the volunteer corps pay and allowances -

8. For the pay and allowances of a number of army reserve first class,

not exceeding 42,500, and of the army reserve second class -

9. For commissariat, transport and ordnance store establishments,wages,&c.

10. For provisions, forage, fuel, transport and other services - *

11. For clothing establishments, services, and supplies - -

12. For the supply, manufacture, and repair of warlike and other stores,

including establishments of manufacturing departments -

13. For superintending establishment of, and expenditure for, works,

buildings, and repairs at home and abroad .....

14. For establishments for military education .....

15. For miscellaneous effective services -

16. For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office

17. For rewards for distinguished services, &c., exclusive of charges on India

18. For half-pay, &c., of field marshals, and of general, regimental, and

departmental officers, exclusive of charges on India . - -

19. For retired pay, retired full pay, and gratuities, for reduced and retired

officers, including payments awarded by Army Purchase Commissioners, exclusive of charges on India - . - .

20. For widows' pensions and gratuities, for allowances on the compassionate

list, and for the relief fund, &c., exclusive of charges on India

21. For pensions and gratuities to officers for wounds ...

22. For Chelsea and Hilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners thereof -

23. For the out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for pensions granted to

discharged Negro soldiers, and for gratuities awarded in lieu of pensions, exclusive of charges on India -

24. For superannuation allowances

25. For retired allowances, &c. to officers of the militia, yeomanry, and

volunteer forces - - -

pa

.262,50(1

740,500

127.200 JUOO

245.200 20,300

77.000

1,193,900

120.000 17,000 33,200

1,411,000

190,000

50,100

Total Armt Services

£ 15,930,600

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

No.

1. For the maintenance and repair of the royal palaces

2. For the maintenance and repair of Marlborough House - -

8. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens - - .

4. For the buildings of the Houses of Parliament (including a supplementary

sum of 3,000J.) -

5. For the maintenance and repair of public buildings in Great Britain and

the Isle of Man, including various special works; for providing the necessary supply of water; for rents of houses hired for accommodation of public departments, and charges attendant thereon ~ - -

6. For the acquisition of a site for the Admiralty and War Office, and

preliminary expenses, under the provisions of the Public Offices Site Act, 1882 - . .....

7. For the supply and repair of furniture in the public departments of Great

Britain . ..

Sums no1

exceeding

36,06*

146*5

75,00

16,740

Appropriation Act, 1884.

Ch. 78.

227

1884.

V For the expenses of the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office, and Post Office Telegraph Buildings, in Great Britain, including furniture, fuel, and sundry miscellaneous services - - -

a For new buildings for county courts, maintenance and repair of courts, supply of furniture, fuel, &c., and for charges attendant thereon

10. For charges connected with Metropolitan Police Court Buildings -

11. For one half of the expense of erecting or improving court houses or

offices for the sheriff courts in Scotland, and the expense of maintaining the courts erected or improved - - .

12. For the purchase of a site, erection of building, and other expenses for

the new courts of justice and offices belonging thereto - - -

13. For the survey of the United Kingdom, including the revision of the

survey of Ireland, maps for use in proceedings before the Land Judges in Ireland, publication of maps, and engraving the geological survey -

14. For erecting and maintaining new buildings, including rents, &c., for

the Department of Science and Art - - -

15. For the maintenance and repair of the British Museum and Natural

History Museum buildings, for rents of premises, supply of water, fuel, &c., and charges attendant thereon -

16. For the erection and fittings of a Natural History Museum - -

17. For maintaining certain harbours, &c. under the Board of Trade -

18. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates in respect of Government

property, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department -

19. For contribution to the funds for the establishment and maintenance

of a fire brigade in the metropolis -

20. In aid of the cost of maintenance of distumpiked and main roads in

England and Wales during the year ended on the 25th day of March 1884 - - _ -

21. In aid of the cost of maintenance of disturnpiked roads in Scotland during

the year ended Whitsuntide 1884 -

22. For erection, repairs, and maintenance of the several public works and

buildings under the department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and for the erection of fishery piers, and the maintenance of certain parks, harbours, and navigations -

23. For enclosing, adapting, and furnishing existing buildings purchased, and

for additions to them for the purposes of the Royal University, Ireland

24. - For expenses preparatory to, and of the erection of the Museum of Science

and Art National Library, and of the School of Art and Lecture Theatre in Dublin - -

25. For erecting and maintaining certain lighthouses abroad - - -

26. For diplomatic and consular buildings, including rents and furniture, and

for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad - -

Total Civil Services, Class I. — £

Sums not exceeding

274,116

33,125

6,549

10,516

25,469

242,500

15,429

8,711

2,400

9,347

209,740

10,000

215,000

35,000

203,568

15,650

5,000

10,460

46,416

1,803,802

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

No,

1. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Lords

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons -

3. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Treasury

and in the office of the Parliamentary Counsel -

Sums not exceeding

43,846

51,388

59,609

233 Ch. 73.

Appropriation Act, 1884. 47 &

No.

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty's Secretary ~of

State for the Home Department and snbordinate offices -

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary

of State for Foreign Affairs (including a supplementary sum of 5,0003.)

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Secretary

of State for the Colonies, including certain expenses connected with Emigration -

7. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Most

Honourable Privy Council and subordinate departments

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Lord Privy Seal

9. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council

for Trade, and subordinate departments -

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for the requirements

of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Act, 1883...

11. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and

Wales - - . - - -

12. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission

13. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and

Auditor General, including the Chancery Audit Branch

14. For salaries and expenses of the Registry or Friendly Societies

15. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Land Commissioners for

England, and for defraying the repayable expenses to be incurred in matters of Inclosure and Drainage - - ..

16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board, including

various grants in aid of local taxation .....

17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in

England -

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of the

coinage * - -

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office -

20. For charges connected with the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act *

21. For salaries and expenses of the department of Her Majesty's Paymaster

General in London and Dublin -

22. For salaries and expenses of the establishments under the Public Works

Loan Commissioners -

23. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England -

24. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of

Births, &c. in England -

25. For stationery, printing, and paper, binding, and printed books, for the

several departments of Government in England, Scotland, and Ireland, and Borne dependencies, and for the two Houses of Parliament; for the salaries and expenses of the Establishment of the Stationery Office, and the cost of Stationery Office publications, and of the Gazette Offices; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including a grant in aid of the publication of Parliamentary Debates -. 26. For salaries and expenses of the office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -

27. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Her

Majesty's Works and Public Buildings * -

28. In aid of the Mercantile Marine Fund - -

29. For Her Majesty's foreign and other secret services -

30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Queen's and Lord

Treasurer's Remembrancer in Exchequer, Scotland, of certain officers in Scotland, and other charges formerly on the hereditary revenue

31. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board in Scotland, and for grants

in aid of piers or quays -

32. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland

33. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of

Births, &c. in Scotland .....

34. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Supervision for Relief of the Poor, and for expenses under the Public Health and Vaccination Acts, including certain grants in aid of local taxation in Scotland

43,309

855

114,033

2,377

34,811

32,762

58,338

8,592

23,936

440,757

15,052

69,307

15,557

35,178

26,503

9,578

22,378

48,012

541,200

23,340

48,134

40,000

33,00°

6,31°

17,829

5,954

5,777

28,Si8

1884.

Appropriation Act, 1884.

Ce. 73.

229

Sums not exceeding

jlW» I

35. For salaries of the officers and attendants of the household of the Lord r

Lieutenant of Ireland and other expenses - ! 7,429

36. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord

Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and subordinate depart- !

ments - . . .. - - - . .i 42,154

37. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable

Donations and Bequests for Ireland - - 2,137

38. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland, j

including various grants in aid of local taxation - - - I 139,544

39. For salaries and expenses of the Office of Public "Works in Ireland - 57,997

40. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Keeper

of the State Papers in Ireland - - I 6,416

41. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General

of Births, &c., and for expenses of the collection of agricultural and j emigration statistics in Ireland - - - 16,126

42. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey

of Ireland - - - 25,093

Total Civil Services, Class II. £ j 2,409,134

SCHEDULE (B.)_Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers, the salaries and expenses of the depart-

ment of the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and of the department of the Queen's Proctor for divorce interventions, the costs of prosecutions, including those relating to the coin, and to bankruptcy, and of other legal proceedings conducted by those departments, and various other legal expenses, including Statute Law Revision and Parliamentary Agency

2. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Director of Public

Prosecutions -

For criminal prosecutions at assizes and quarter sessions in England, and for adjudications under the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, for sheriffs expenses, salaries to clerks of assize and other officers, compensation to clerks of the peace and others, and for expenses incurred under Extradition Treaties - - -

For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judica-. ture as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund ...

For salaries and expenses of the office of the Wreck Commissioner

i- For salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts

£ For salaries and expenses of the Office of Land Registry - - -

For the expense of revising barristers in England -

For salaries and expenses of the police courts of London and Sheerness -

For contribution toward the expenses of the metropolitan police, and of the, horse patrol, and Thames police, and for the salaries of the Com-i. missioner. Assistant Commissioners, and Receiver ...

For the expenses of police engaged in special duties For certain expenses connected with the police in counties and boroughs jo in England and Wales, and with the police in Scotland - -

For the expenses of the Directors of convict establishments in England and the Colonies, and of the convict establishments under their control - -

Sums not exceeding

81,651

3,907

169,764

419,822

13,578

446,726

5,442

18,690

15,023

529,875

12,000

970,298

405,109

230

Ch. 73.

Appropriation Act, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict.

Sums not exceeding

So.

13. For the expenses of the Prisons Commissioners, England, and of the

prisons under their control -

14. For the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and

day industrial schools in Great Britain, and for the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Reformatories -

15. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic

Asylum, England, and of one criminal lunatic in Bethlem Hospital

16. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate's department and others

connected with criminal proceedings in Scotland, including certain allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83.

17. For salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland

and other legal charges - ...

18. For salaries and expenses of the offices in Her Majesty's General Register

House, Edinburgh

19. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the

prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and the preparation of judicial statistics - - .

20. For the expense of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland,

including certain allowances under the Act 15 & 16 Vict. c. 83.

21. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature

in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund

22. For salaries and incidental expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy in Ireland

23. For salaries and expenses of the Admiralty Court Registry in Ireland

24. For salaries and expenses of the Office for the Registration of Deeds in

Ireland - - - .

25. For salaries and expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments

in Ireland - '

26. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission

(including a supplementary sum of 25,3401.)

27. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers,

and of magistrates in Ireland, and of the revising barristers of the city of Dublin (including a supplementary sum of 1,096Z.)

28. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioners of Police, of the police

courts and of the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin -

29. For the expenses of the Constabulary Force in Ireland - - -

30. For the expense of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the

prisons under their control; and of the registration of habitual criminals - - -

31. For the expenses of reformatories and industrial schools in Ireland

32. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal Lunatic

Asylum, Ireland « - .

Total Civil Services, Class III. - £

474,869

274,957

28,772

63,801

62,657

36,603

109,897

99,031

90,066

10,061

1,285

18,670

2,313

113,430

96,837

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year e® on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

No.

1. For public education in England and Wales, including the expenses of the

Education Office in London ...

2. For salaries and expenses of the Department [of Science and Axt, and of

the establishments connected therewith « - -

3,016?

364,

Appropriation Ad, 1884.

Ch. 73.

231

For salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including the amount * required for the Natural History Museum -i For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery - - -

5. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery For grants in aid of the expenditure of certain learned societies in Great , Britain and Ireland - - - . .. * -

7. For salaries and expenses of the University of London - - - I

S. In aid of the expenses of University Colleges, Wales (including a supplementary sum of 2,5001.) - - - I

9. For preparing an account of the scientific results of the expedition of Her

Majesty's ship " Challenger " in 1873, 1874, 1875, and 1876, to inves- / tigate the physical and biological conditions of the great ocean basins, and of arranging the collections made during the expedition -

10. For the salaries and expenses connected with observations of the Transit

of Yenus 1882 - - -

11. For public education in Scotland - - . - -

12. For grants to Scottish Universities ----

13. For the annuity to the Board of Trustees of manufactures in Scotland, in

discharge of equivalents under the Treaty of Union, to be applied in maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, and for the exhibition of the Torrie Collection of Works of Art, and for other purposes -

13a. For a contribution towards the cost of the purchase of a site for the erection of a Scottish National Portrait Gallery and Museum of Antiquities - - . -. ,... J - - i.. i. - .

14. For public education under the Commissioners of National Education in

Ireland - . . ...

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National School Teachers' Superan-

nuation Office, Dublin - J- - *

16. For the salary and expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of

Education in Ireland appointed for the regulation of endowed schools 7. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, and for the purchase of pictures .....

18. In aid of the expenses of the Queen's Colleges in Ireland - - -

19. In aid of the expenses of the Royal Irish Academy -

Sums not exceeding

152,133

16,643

2,407

23,400

12,346

10,500

5,75 2

355

475,413

19,031

2,100

5,000

732,627

1,995

670

2,241

14,378

2,450

Total Civil Services, Class IY.

£ 4,860,433

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class Y.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

n

1. For expenses of Her Majesty's embassies and missions abroad (including o a supplementary sum of 35,0001.)

* For consular establishments abroad, and for other expenditure chargeable _ on the Consular Vote (including a supplementary sum of 2,9101!)

For the expenses incurred under treaties with foreign powers for suppressing the traffic in slaves, and for other services in connexion with . that object (including a supplementary sum of 11.080Z.)

* For tonnage bounties, bounties on slaves, costs of captors, &c., and expenses of the Liberated African Department ----

Sums not exceeding

247,975

255,402

28,670

7,420

232

Ch. 73.

Appropriation Act, 1884.

& 4&

No.

5. For salaries and expenses of the three representatives of Her Majesty's

Government on the Council of Administration of the Suez Canal Company -

6. In aid of colonial local revenue, and for the salaries and allowances of

governors, &c., and for other charges connected with the colonies, including expenses incurred under the Pacific Islanders Protection Act, 1875 - .....

7. For certain charges connected with the Orange River Territory, the

Transvaal, Zululand, and the island of St. Helena, and the High Commissioner for South Africa (including a supplementary sum of 30,000Z.)

8. For the subsidy to the Eastern and South African Telegraph Company

and for the salary of the Official Director -

9. In aid of the revenue of the island of Cyprus -

10. For a subsidy to the Castle Mail Packets Company - -

Total Civil Services, Class V. - £

2,405

27,951

39,867

673,822

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

No.

1. For superannuation and retired allowances to persons formerly employed

in the public service, and for compassionate or other special allowances and gratuities awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury ----

2. For pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to their

widows and children - -

Sums not exceeding

446,828

22,000

3. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in England and

"Wales - -

4. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Scotland

5. In aid of the local cost of maintenance of pauper lunatics in Ireland

6. For the support of certain hospitals and infirmaries in Ireland

7. For making good the deficiency arising from payments for interest to

friendly societies - - -

8. For miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Great Britain

9. For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland -10. For enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to contract

for the redemption of certain yearly allowances charged on the Consolidated Fund - - .

461,1000 84,000 94,500 16,747

48,H5

3,101

3,248-

Total Civil Services, Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

1. For salaries and incidental expenses of temporary commissions and com-

mittees, including special inquiries -

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses - -

3. For expenses incurred in connexion with the funeral of His late Royal

Highness the Duke of Albany - _ - - - .

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

26,776

7,193

2,725

36,694

SCHEDULE (BO — Part 15.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, Ac. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885; viz.: —

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department - - - i

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of I

Post Office savings banks, and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue -

4. For the Post Office packet service -

8. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office telegraph service

Sums not exceeding

986,951

1,746,615

4,752,517

731,356

1,734,589

156,007

Total Revenue Departments - - £ | 9,952,028

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 16.

Greenwich Hospital and School.

Advances during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1885 for defraying the expenses of Greenwich Hospital and School -

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 17.

j, Afghan War (Grant in aid).

paying an instalment of a grant in aid of the expenditure incurred by the Government of India upon the war in Afghanistan in the years 1878-80,

hich will become due and payable during the year ending on the 31st day March 1885 - - .....

250,000

For

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 18.

Relief of General Gordon (Vote of Credit).

£ enabling Her Majesty to undertake operations for the relief of General Jordon, should they become necessary, and to make certain preparations 18 resJ?ect thereof (beyond the ordinary grants of Parliament for the year

300,000

'234 ‘Ch; 74, 75. Public Health (Officers) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 yI(w

CHAPTER 74.

An Act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, with respect to the Officers of Local Authorities.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tea-poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title. 1. This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Officers) Act,

1884, and shall be .construed as on© with the Public Health Act, 1875, in this Act called the principal Act.

Restriction on 2. Proceedings for the recovery of any penalty under the hundred

recovery of and ninety-third section of the principal Act shall not be taken except with the consent in writing of the Attorney-General

CHAPTER 75.

An Act to amend the Canal Boats Act, 1877.

[14th August 1884.]

40 & 41 Vict. TXT HERE AS it is expedient to amend the Canal Boats Act, 1877, «. 60. U in this Act referred to as the principal Act:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Certificate of 1. A certificate of registration granted under the principal Act registry made shall cease to be in force in the event, of any structural alterations tmidStera^ having been made in the canal boat affecting the conditions upon tkms. which the certificate of registration has been obtained.

Penalty for 2. If default is made in complying with any of the regulations contravention made or to be made by the Local Government Board and Education mdm'camai18 Department under the principal Act or this Act, and for the time Boats Acts. being in force, the master of the boat with respect to which the default is made, and also the owner of the boat, if in default, shell for each default he liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty shillings.

Enforcement 3. It shall he the duty of every registration or sanitary authority of ^trat^ within whose district any canal, or any part of a canal is situate, to a^sanitary enforce within such distract the provisions of the principal Act and authority, and this1 Act, and any regulations made thereunder by the Local Govern*

' mad* m meat Hoard; and every such authority shall, within twenty-one days

after the thirty-first day of December in every year, make a report to the Local Government Board as to the execution of the. principal Act and this Act, and of the regulations made thereunder as afore* said, and as to the steps taken by such authority during (the year to give effect to the provisions of the said Acts and regulations. Inquiries and 4. The Local Government Board shall in every year present a Lo^Govem- to both Houses of Parliament as to the execution of

ment Board, principal Act and this Act, and the observance of the regulation8

235

made by them thereunder; and shall cause inquiries to be made from time to time by an inspector or inspectors to be appointed by them for that purpose.

Such inspectors shall for the purpose of any inquiry under this Act have, in relation to witnesses and their examination, the production of papers, and inspection of places and matters required to inspected, similar powers to those which poor law inspectors have under the Acts relating to the relief of the poor for the purposes of those Acts, and may enter any canal boat at any time by day, and examine the same and every part thereof, and may, if need be, for the purpose of such inquiry detain the boat, but for no longer time than is necessary.

r The master of the boat shall, if required by any such inspector, produce to him the certificate of registry, if any, of the boat, and permit him to examine and copy the same, and shall furnish him with such assistance and means as such inspector may require for the purpose of his entry and examination of and departure from the boat in pursuance of this section.

A refusal to comply with the requisition of such inspector under this section shall be deemed to be an obstruction of such inspector.

> If such inspector is obstructed in the performance of his duty under this Act, the person obstructing him shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

5. The power to make regulations given to the Local Govern- Power to make ment Board by the principal Act and this Act shall include power toMhwrfcer^ to the Education Department to make regulations with respect to tificates, &c. the form of certificates or pass books as to attendance1 at school to

be used by children in canal boats.

6. The Education Department shall every year report to Parlia- Annual report ment as to the manner in which the Elementary Education Acts,

1870 and 1873,1876 and 1880, are enforced with respect to children b canal boats, and shall for that purpose direct Her Majesty's Inspector of Schools to 'communicate with the School Boards and School Attendance Committees in their district.

7. A canal boat shall not be deemed to be lettered, marked, and Lettering and numbered in conformity with Section three of the principal Act, c^iboafs°f

unless it is so lettered, marked, and numbered on both sides of the ..... *

canal boat, or in some suitable position on the stern of the boat, so

that the lettering, marking, and numbering may be plainly visible from both sides of the canal whereon the boat may be.

8. Every fine recovered under the principal Act or'this Act shall Application of be paid in the case of a prosecution by any registration or sanitary nes* authority or person authorised by any such authority to such Authority or person, and if paid to such person shall be paid by him

to such authority, and shall be applied towards the expenses of executing the principal Act and this Act, any Act to the contrary ^Withstanding.

9. The expression " by day " in the principal Act and this Act of shall be deemed to include the hours between six o'clock in the morning and nine o'clock at night.

10. If it shall at any time appear to the Local Government of

Board, on the representation of any registration or sanitary autho- canS boat! nty or of any inspector appointed under this Act, that the principal

236

Ch. 75,76. Cmal Boats Act, 1884. 47 & 48 V1&.

Act and this Act ought to apply to any vessel or class of vessels which would he within the definition of canal boat contained in section fourteen of the principal Act, if such vessel or class of vessels were not registered under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the Acts amending the same, the Local Government Board may declare that the principal Act and this Act shall apply to such vessel or class of vessels, although the same maybe registered as aforesaid, and thereupon the same shall be deemed to be a canal boat or canal boats within the meaning of the principal Act and this Act, and the definition contained in section fourteen of the principal Act shall he amended accordingly.

Short title and 11. This Act may be cited as the Canal Beats Act, 1884, and

construction of shall be construed as one with the Canal Boats Act, 1877, which Act and this Act may be cited together as the Canal Boats Acts, 1877 and 1884.

CHAPTER 76.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the Protection of the Post Office and to Offences committed in relation to the Post Office. [14th August 1881]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short titles.

7 Will 4. &

1 Vict. c. 86. 44 & 45 Vict. C. 20.

7 WilL 4. &

1 Vict. c. 86.

[Commencement of Act.]

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the Post Office (Protection! Act, 1884.

This Act and the Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837, may he cited together as the Post Office (Offences) Acts, 1837 and 1884, and this Act and the Post Office (Management) Acts, 1837 to 1881, maybe cited together as the Post Office (Management) Acts, 1837 to 1884.

This Act shall be deemed to be a Post Office Act within the meaning of the Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four (which day 's in this Act referred to as the commencement of this Act).

Prohibition of placing injurious substances in

Protection'of Post Offices, Postal Packets, and Stamps. 3!

3. A person shall not place or attempt to place in or against post office letter box any fire, any match, any light, any explos^e

________ substance, any dangerous substance, any filth, any noxious or

or against post terious substance, or any fluid, and shall not commit a nuisance1® offwektter or aggjngt any post office letter box,-and shall not do or: attempt *° do anything likely to injure the box, appurtenances, or contents.

Any person who acts in contravention .of, this section shall guilty of a misdemeanor, and be liable, on summary conviction/ t? a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on conviction on indictffleI1 '

237

1884. W$i Office (.Protection) Ad, 1884. Ch. 76.

h^dnment, with or without hard labour, for a period not Bgforiing twelve months.

. 4. — (1.) A person shall not send or attempt to send a postal Prohibition of packet which either — JEMjLfw

r (a.) Encloses any explosive substance, any dangerous substance, inflammable, any filth, any noxious or deleterious substance, any sharp in- or deleterious strument not properly protected, any living creature which is ^j^ntprinte, if either noxious or likely to injure other postal packets in course words,&c.

,> of conveyance or an officer of the post office, or any article, or See s 'r thing whatsoever which is likely to injure either other postal ? packets in course of conveyance or an officer of the Post Office ;

‘ or '

(6.) Encloses any indecent or obscene print, painting, photograph, lithograph, engraving, book, or card, or any indecent or obscene m article, whether similar to the above or not; or g(c.) Has on such packet, or on the cover thereof, any words, marks, or designs of an indecent, obscene, or grossly offensive m; character:

(2.) Any person who acts in contravention of this section shall be jlfity of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on conviction on indictment, toiumprisonment with or without hard labour for a period not exceeding twelve months.

;»/. (3.) The detention in the post office .of any postal packet on the ground of its being in contravention of this section, shall not exempt the sender thereof from any proceedings which might have been taken if the same had been delivered in due course of post.

5. — (1.) A person'shall not, without due authority, affix or Prohibition of attempt to affix any placard, advertisement, notice, list, document,

board, or thing on, or paint or tar any post office, post office letter &c- oncost ' box, telegraph post, or other property belonging to or used, by or on office or letter behalf of the Postmaster General, and shall not in any way disfigure box»&c> any such office, box, post, or property; and, notwithstanding anything in section nine of the Parliamentary and Municipal Eegis- 41 & 42 Vict. tration Act, 1878, a notice or list referred to in that section shall 0-36; * 9-hot be affixed in or on any post office or any such property without authority from the Postmaster General; and where the Postmaster General is of opinion that any such notice or list cannot be so affixed without obstruction or inconvenience to the business of the post office, he may refuse such authority. '

(2;) A person who acts in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

6. — (1.) A person shall not, without due authority, — Prohibition

"Xa.) make, issue;'or send by post or otherwise any envelope, of

( wrapper, card, form, or paper in imitation of one issued by or stamps, en-tinder the authority of the Postmaster General, or of any foreign veiopes, forms,

' or colonial postal authority, or having thereon any Words, let- and marks-r" ters, or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead 'P the recipient to believe that a post letter bearing the, same is . sent on Her Majesty's service; or

(h.) make on any envelope, wrapper, card, form, or paper for the purpose of being issued or sent by post or otherwise, or otherwise used, any mark in imitation of or similar to or purporting

238

Ch. 76. Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884. 47 & 48

Prohibition of

fictitious

stamps.

Prohibition of false notice as to reception of letters.

to be any stamp or mark of any post office under the J master General, or under any foreign or colonial postal av rity, or any words, letters, or marks which signify or imp]] may reasonably lead the recipient thereof to believe that a j letter bearing the same is sent on Her Majesty's service; oi (c.) issue or send by post or otherwise any envelope, wrapf card, form, or paper so marked.

(2.) A person who acts in contravention of this section shall I liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fort shillings.

7. A person shall not — *.

(a.) Make, knowingly utter, deal in or sell any fictitious stamp, or knowingly use for any postal purpose any fictitious stamp; or

(6.) Have in his possession, unless he shows a lawful excuse> any - fictitious stamp; or

(«.) Make, or, unless he shows a lawful excuse, have in his possession, any die, plate, instrument, or materials for making any : fictitious stamp.

Any person who acts in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction on a prosecution by order of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, subject to the like right of appeal as in the case of a penalty under j the Acts relating to the excise.

Any stamp, die, plate, instrument, or materials found in the possession of any person in contravention of this section, may be semi and shall be forfeited.

For the purposes of this section " fictitious stamp " means an/ j facsimile or imitation or representation, whether on paper or otherwise, of any stamp for denoting any rate of postage, including any stamp for denoting a rate of postage of any of Her Majesty's colonies, , or of any foreign country.

8. — (1.) A person shall not, without authority from the Postmaster General, place or maintain in or on any house, wall, door, window, box, post, pillar, or other place belonging, to him or under his control any of the words, letters, or marks following; (that is to say,) . . ,c

(a.) the words "post office," or " postal telegraph office; " or (b.) the words " letter box," accompanied with words, letters, or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead the public to believe that it is a post office letter hox; . or , fc.) any Words, letters, or marks which signify or imply or rosy reasonably lead the public to believe that any house or placets* post office, or that any box is a post office letter box, and a person, when required by a notice given by the Postnoas General to remove or efface any such words, letters, oy marks aforesaid, or to remove, or effectually close up any letter box ing to him or under his control which has been a post office te box, shall comply with such request. i

(?.)_ Any person who acts in contravention of this section be liable on summary conviction to. a fine not exceeding

shillings, and if the offenceis continued after.a,previous convi

m

1S84. Office (Protection) Act, 1884. Ch. 76.

ta a fine not exceeding five shillings for every day during which the offence so continues.

Officers of Post Office.

. 0.* — (1.) Any person who wilfully obstructs, or! incites anyone1 to Commission of obstruct, an officer of the post office in the execution of his duty, or offences in who whilst in any post office, or within any premises belonging to any post office, or used therewith, obstructs the course of business of officers of the post office, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not Post office-exceeding forty shillings.

, (2.) Any officer of the post office may require any person guilty of anoffence under this section to leave a post office or any such premises as aforesaid, and if such person refuses or fails to comply with such request, such person shall be liable* to a further fine not exceeding five pounds, and may be removed , by any officer of the poet office, and all constables are required on demand to remove or assist in removing every such, person.

10. Where an officer of the post office vacates his office (whether Surrender of by reason of dismissal, resignation^ death, or otherwise) he, or if he ^e^of^wt is dead his personal representative, or the person acting as his personal office on P representative, shall deliver to such superior officer of the post office ceasing to be as may for the time being be directed by or in pursuance of the regu- officer* lationq of the Postmaster General, all articles (whether accoutrements, appointments, or other necessaries) which have been , issued to the

said officer vacating his office for the execution of his duty, and are not, under the regulations of the Postmaster General, the property of such officer, and shall deliver the same up at the .time and place fixed by the superior officer to whom they are to be delivered, and shall deliver the same in good order and condition, fair,wear and tear only excepted.

Any person who fails to comply with the provisions of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to pay a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and also such further sum not exceeding forty shillings as the court may determine to be the value of the articles not delivered, or, if the satne have been delivered, but not in good oi;der and condition, of the damage done to such articles.

Any justice of the peace may issue a warrant by virtue of which a constable may search for and seize any articles not delivered as required by this section, in like maimer in all respects as if they Were stolen goods and the warrant were a warrant to search for stolen goods.

Tdegrams

11. .Every person who forges or wilfully and without due autho- Forgery, and rity alters a telegram or utters a telegram knowing the same to be

forged, or wilfully and without due authority altered, or who trans- tdegwuns. nuts by telegraph as a telegram, or utters as a telegram, any message or communication which he knows to be mot a'telegram, shall, whether he had or had not an intent to defraud, be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be 'liable, on summary conviction, to a fine1 not exceeding ten. pounds,' and, on conviction on indictment, to

240

Ch. 76. Post Office (.Protection) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict.

imprisonment with or without hard labour for a period not exceeding twelve months.

If any person, being in the employment of a telegraph company as defined by this section —

Improperly divulges to any person the purport of any telegram such person shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and on conviction on indictment to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding one year, or to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

For the purposes of this section the expression " telegram " means a written or printed message or communication sent to or delivered at a post office, or the office of a telegraph company, for transmission by telegraph, or delivered by the post office or a telegraph company as a message or communication transmitted by telegraph. t The* expression " telegraph company " means any company, corporation, or persons carrying on the business of sending telegrams for the public under whatever authority or in whatever manner such company, corporation, or persons may act or be constituted The expression " telegraph " has the same meaning as in the Telegraph Act, 1869," and the Acts amending the same.

Miscellaneous Amendments as to Offences.

Recovery of fines.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

27 & 28 Vict. «. 53.

44 & 45 Vict.) «. 83.

14 & 15 Vict. «. 93.

12.; — (1.) All offences under this Act which are punishable on, summary conviction may be prosecuted, and fines under this Act which are recoverable on summary conviction may be recovered,

(a.) In England in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction (English) Acts; and (b.) In Scotland before the sheriff or sheriff substitute in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881, and all necessary jurisdiction is hereby conferred on such sheriff and sheriff substitute; and ' (c.) In Ireland within the police district of Dublin metropolis, in* manner provided by the Acts , regulating the powers and duties of justices of the peace for such district or of the police of such district, and elsewhere in Ireland in manner provided by the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending the same; and

(d.) In the Isle of Man before a high bailiff or two justices of the peace at the instance of an officer of the post office or of a constable in accordance with the law for the time being in force for regulating the exercise of summary jurisdiction by such bailiffs or justices; and (e.) In the Channel Islands, or elsewhere than in the United Kingdom Or the Isle of Man, before the - court and in the manner provided by law, and if no provision is otherwise msde * by law) then at the instance ^of any officer of the post office before the court and in the manner before and in which the lihe offences and fines can be prosecuted and recovered.

(2.) In Scotland offences and fines which may be prosecuted an® recovered on summary conviction in pursuance of this Act may^ prosecuted and recovered, and proceedings may be taken at th0

241

I jgg4t Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884. Ch. 76.

instance of the procurator fiscal of the court as part of his official duty* or of any person on that behalf authorised by the Postmaster General

(3.) Every offence under the Post Office Acts which is punishable with a pecuniary penalty or forfeiture of any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, whether with or without full costs of suit and expenses may be prosecuted, and such penalty, forfeiture, costs, and expenses may be recovered and the payment thereof enforced in manner in this section mentioned with respect to offences and fines under this Act.

(4) Any offence punis able on indictment under this Act, whether it is or not also punishable on summary conviction, shall be deemed to be an indictable offence under the post office laws within the meaning of the First Schedule to the Summary Jurisdiction 42 & 43 vict. Act, 1879, and the schedule to the Summary Jurisdiction over c-49-; Children (Ireland) Act, 1884. 47*48 Vict

1 *(5.) On the prosecution of any offence under the Post Office Acts, whether on summary conviction or on indictment, evidence that any article is in the course of transmission by post or has been accepted on behalf of the Postmaster General for . transmission by post shall be sufficient evidence that such article is a postal packet.

13. The court in England before whom a person is convicted on I summary conviction of an offence under any of the Post Office Acts

shall have the same power as a court of summary jurisdiction has hi England under section four of the Summary Jurisdiction Act,

1879 (which relates to the mitigation of punishment).

The court before whom a person is convicted on indictment of an offence under any enactment of the Post Office Acts may mitigate the punishment fixed by such enactment for the offence as follows; that is to say, where the punishment mentioned in the enactment is, or-may be transportation the court shall award in lieu of it either penal servitude for any period not exceeding the period of transportation fixed by such enactment, and not less than the minimum period of penal servitude for the time being allowed by law, or imprisonment with or without hard labour for a term not exceeding two years.

14. All pecuniary penalties, forfeitures, fines, and other sums Application of recovered in respect of an offence under the Post Office Acts shall, fines-notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be paid into the Exchequer in such manner as the Treasury from time to time direct.

Supplemental.

15'. Any instrument requiring to be executed by the Postmaster Execution of General, or to which he i§ party, may be executed by any of the of

secretaries of the Post Office in the name.of the Postmaster General, master and, if so executed, shall be deemed to have been executed by the General. Postmaster General, and shall have effect accordingly.

Any instrument purporting ho be executed by any of the secretaries of the Post Office in the name of the Postmaster General shall, until the contrary is .proved, be deemed to have been so

Power to mitigate punishment. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. s. 4.

m

Ch. 76. Post Office.(Protection) Act, 1884. 47 & 48 I

executed without proof of the official character of the person ap- I pearing to have executed the same.

Saving 16. This Act shall not exempt any person from any proceeding. I

clause as to by indictment or otherwise for an offence which is punishabl^ I common law, or under any Act other than this Act, so that no person: I be tried or punished twice for the same offence.

When proceedings are taken before any court against a person in I respect of an offence under this Act, which is also an offence punish'-' I able at common law* or under some Act other than this Act, % I court may direct that instead of such proceedings being continued I proceedings. shall be taken for punishing such person at common I law, or under some Act other than this Act.

Substitution of 17. Whereas by sections four and five of the Telegraph Act, 1878,1 32 & 33 Vict. section thirty-three of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1868, ia,: I li^&^ Vict. together with, other .sections of that Act, applied to the differences I c. 76. &r therein mentioned:

3i & 32 Vict. And .whereas the said section thirty-three was repealed,! and c. ii9. s. 33. another , section in lieu thereof enacted by the Lands Clauses Con* solidation Act, J.869, and it is expedient to substitute a reference, to the . last-mentioned section for the reference to the repealed1 section: Be it therefore enacted as follows:

Any reference in the Telegraph Act, 1878, to section thirty-three of the Regulation-of Railways Act, 18,68, shall be construed to refer, to section one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1869.

Extent of Act. 18. This Act shall extend to the, Isle .of, Man and to the Channel Islands, and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register the same accordingly.

n . ... t . 19. — (1.) In this Act and in the PosI Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

Definitions lor *. v ' , . .. v , .«.

the purposes of axid in ottfe ^nftctmenti? incorporating; or roiemng to that Act, or#

1 w. 4. & be construed as one therewith, the following expressions shall, unless l Vict. c. 36. context otherwise requires, have the meanings assigned to them

by this section(that isJh> say,) -.. 5 ..... ui

The expression ‘‘post letter;",shall mean,a postal packet, as defined by this Act, from the time of its being dejiyered fo a post office to the time of its being delivered to the person to whom it is addressed and a delivery of a postal packet of any description to a letter carrier or other person authorised to receive postal packets of that descrip-' tion for. the post shall he a delivery to the' post office, and a delivery at the house or office of the person to whom the postal packets addressed, or to him or to his servant or agent, or other person considered to be authorised to receive the postal packet according to the usual manner of delivering that person's postal packets, shall he a delivery to the person'addressed.

The expression "post office" shall mean any house, building room, carriage, or place where postal packets, as defined by this Act, or any of them, are b^ the' permission or under the authority of the Postmaster General, received, delivered, sorted, or made up» or from which such packets, or any of them, are by the authority of the Postmaster' General despatched, and shall include any post office letter box.

The expression "j)oSt office letter bbx"‘shall include any pifl®f. box, wall boX,‘or other box or recepthclb'provided by the permissk®'

m

jjg§4 Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884. Ch. 76.

, or under the authority of the Postmaster General for the purpose of receiving postal packets, or any of them, for transmission by or under the authority of the Postmaster General.

u(2.) Where it appears to the Postmaster General that any post office letter box, by reason of being on the premises of any private person or otherwise, is so situate as not to afford the same security against the improper removal of postal packets therefrom or other fraud as exists in the case of other post office letter boxes, he may declare that the same shall be a private posting box, and shall affix upon or near such box a notice of its being and of the effect of its being a private posting box, and a postal packet put into that box shall not for the purpose of any enactment, law, or contract whereby the due posting of a postal packet is evidence of the receipt thereof [ by the addressee be deemed to have been duly posted.

KA certificate purporting to be signed by the Postmaster General or any secretary or assistant secretary of the post office and to the I effect that any box or receptacle is or was provided by the permission or under the authority of the Postmaster General for the purpose of receiving postal packets, or any of them, shall in any legal proceeding be evidence of the facts stated in the certificate.

20. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, — ^rr Definitions.

' The expression " the Treasury " means the Commissioners of Her

\, Maj esty's Treasury.

The expression " postal packet " has the same meaning as in the 38 & 39 Vict. r Post Office Act, 1875, as amended by this Act, inclusive of such c-22-s-10-: postal packets as are defined by regulations of the Treasury to be parcels, and includes a telegram.

The expression " telegraph post " means a post, pole, standard, stay7 strut, or other above ground contrivance for carrying,

" ^suspending or supporting a telegraph as defined by the Tele- 32 &33 Vict. graph Act, 1869. ' ' | c-73*

i. The expression " indictment " includes an information, and in the case of Scotland criminal letters.

The expression " misdemeanor " means as regards Scotland and " the Channel Islands a crime and offence.

Other expressions shall have the same meaning as in the Post t Will. 4.& ^Office (Offences) Act/1837. - ivict c. se.

21. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby Hepeai. Repealed, as from the commencement of this Act, to the extent in

the third column of that: Schedule mentioned. Provided that this repeal shall not affect —

* (1.) Anything done or suffered before the commencement of this H/Act: or 11 ' :.v-,

(2.) Any legal proceeding, warrant, or other thing commenced, gLissued, or, done before the commencement of this Act in pur*?, suance of any enactment hereby repealed, and any such legal proceeding, warrant, or things may be earned on, executed, and completed, as if thi^ Act had not passed.

244

Ch. 76.

Section 21.

Post Office (Protection). Act, 1884.

47 & 48 Vict.;

SCHEDULE.

A description or citation of a portion of an Act in this schedule is inclusive of the words, section, or other, part first and last mentioned or otherwise' referred to as forming the beginning or as forming the end of the portion described in the description or citation.

Session and Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. Post Office (Offences) oV36." Act, 1837.

3 & 4 Vict. o'. 96.

-; Post'Office (Duties) S Act, 1840..

38 & 89 Vict.*c. 22 -42 &;43iY|^o. 49.

44 & 45 Vict. c; 20. -44 & 45 Vict. c. 33.-

The.Post Office Act,

The Summary Jurisdiction Act, , 1879.

The- Po8t~ Office (Land) Act, 1881. The Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act,-1881.

Section five.

Section thirteen, from " and any such justice shall " to " shat be, sooner paid," and from tf for the county or place " to the end of the section.-1*^ Section fourteen.

Section fifteen.

Section sixteen.

'Section seventeen/

Section nineteen.

Section twenty.

Section twenty-one., Section twenty-two.

Section' thirty

Section forty-one, from ."not less than seven" to. "four years" and from ‘‘nor less than seven years," to the end of the section. *

Section forty-two, from " and may also direct" to,the end of the .section. r L Section forty-three from " and on due proof heing.made^ to " shall be satisfied."

Section forty-five, so far as re* lates to any proceedingbefore a court of summary juriedicr tion in England.

Section forty-seven from.."and the t6rm post letter shall mean" down to, "sorted, made up, or despatched." Section twenty-two from "not less than seven years " to the Cnd of the section. "?.

Section- twenty-nine-the words a^jllnot less than two years ". Section , thirty the words "nor less than six calendar months .'Section, sixty-two. -Section ten, from " everypostal packet shall " to..the cad of the section.

; Section fifty-three, from " evet| 14. offence under the statutes down to ""provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts-Action ievcn. *

> Section 'eleven, from , svetj)

. offence under the statutes down to " provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

1884.

Public Health (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884. Ch. 77.

245

CHAPTER 77.

An Act to amend the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, with reference to Sanitary Districts.

[14th August 1884.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and I with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

, 1, This Act may be cited as the Public Health (Ireland) Amend- Short title, merit Act, 1884, and shall be construed as one with the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

2. Where the sanitary authority of an urban sanitary district is Dissolution or dissolved, or for any cause ceases to exist, the following provisions kpse of urban shall take effect: authont

(1.) It is hereby declared that the district (in this Act referred to as a lapsed urban district) shall cease to constitute an urban district, and shall become part of some rural district under the sixth section of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and be 41 & 42 Vict. Ml^thenceforth subject to the enactments of the said Act relating c- W*

| ' to rural districts, as amended by this Act: sf (2.) All property, real and personal, including things in action,

- and including interests, rights, and easements in, to, and out |_of property belonging to the urban authority, shall without any conveyance or assignment thereof, be transferred to and vested in the rural sanitary authority of such rural district, subject to any charges or incumbrances affecting the same, and shall be maintained, managed, and administered by the rural authority for the benefit of the lapsed urban district, and with reference to such property, the rural authority shall be deemed to be the successors of the urban authority:

I;-.- (&) All debts, including arrears of rates of every description, and all things in action, belonging to the urban authority in their capacity as such urban sanitary authority, or in their capacity as governing body of the district under the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, or any other Act, shall, without any :h- assignment thereof be transferred to and vested in the rural ^authority;

Any debt due to the urban authority, in their capacity as ii /' sanitary authority or otherwise as aforesaid, may be recovered,

* and any legal proceedings which the urban authority in any I' . Such capacity as aforesaid might have instituted or carried on maybe instituted or carried on, by the rural authority, in their MRpWn name:

jgxi). For the pur poses'Of this Act, the town hall or other municipal buildings of the "urban authority shall be deemed to he: property belonging to them in their capacity as sanitary

cjN®®&ority.

,. Such transfer and vesting shall not take effect until the Commis-^°Uers of the Treasury have signified their assent thereto, in such T^uer and subject to suph conditions as they think fit; upon such ^sent being signified, the transfer and vesting shall be deemed to

Ch. 77. Public Health (Ireland) Amendment ric£, 1884. 47 & 48 Vict

have taken place at the time of the dissolution or cesser of the urban authority.

(5.) All debts due by the urban authority in their capacity as sanitary authority or otherwise (including all sums which the urban authority would have become liable to pay under or in consequence of any obligation incurred by them before their dissolution or cesser) shall be paid by the rural authority, in the manner in which they should have been paid by the urban authority if such urban authority had not been dissolved or ceased to exist. Such payment shall be made out of any moneys or property charged with or applicable to such pay* ment, or out of rates levied by the rural authority in the lapsed urban district under the authority of an Order of the Local Government Board made in accordance with this Act: (6.) The Local Government Board may, by Order to be published in the Dublin. Gazette, or in such other manner as the Local Government Board may direct, declare any provisions of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, which are applicable to urban districts, and which are in the opinion of the Board necessary or expedient for the purpose of enabling the rural sanitary authority to maintain, manage, or administer any property transferred to them under thus Act, or for the purpose of enabling the rural sanitary authority to pay the debts mentioned in this Act, to be in force in that part of the rural district which consists of the lapsed urban district; and for the purposes aforesaid or either of them, may invest such rural authority, with reference to such lapsed urban district, with all or any of the powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations of an urban authority under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, including all powers of making and levying any rate which the urban authority of such lapsed urban district might have made' and levied, which shall be chargeable upon the same property, subject to the same exemptions and conditions, and payable by the same persons, as if it were a rate made and levied by the urban authority of such lapsed urban district; the Local Government Board may also invest the rural authority, so far as relates to the Urban district, with all the powers of or relating to lighting conferred upon urban authorities by the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, and the cost thereof shall be defrayed out of the rate authorised to be made under this Act, or out of any other moneys in the hands of the rural authority which would have been applicable to that purpose if they had be'en an urban authority.

The power of rating conferred by this Act shall extend to the raising of all sums which may be necessary for the payment of th® debts of the urban authority, including all arrears due at the tun® such rate is made.

Such order of the Local Government Board may be made by - them from time to time, and may be revoked or amended by subsequent order, and may contain all such conditions and pro*1' sions relative to the purposes aforesaid as the Local GoveraffleI1 Board may think necessary.

1884. Public Health (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1884. Ch. 77. 247

3. If at any time the lapsed urban district is again constituted Provision in into an urban district, it shall be lawful for the Local Government

Board, on the application of the urban authority of such district, to constituted.

, make an Order vesting in such urban authority the property transferred under this Act to the rural sanitary authority, subject to any charges or incumbrances affecting the same. In such Order the Local Government Board may make provision for the adjustment of ‘'accounts between such urban and rural authorities, for vesting in the lirban authority the right to levy and recover rates madd by r the rural authority under this Act, and for such other things as the decal Government Board may deem necessary for carrying this section into effect.

4. In the case of towns in Ireland having as governing bodies Borrowing the persons or any of them mentioned in section four of the Public townsincluded Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, column two, and which have not become in rural

and are not the urban sanitary authority within the meaning of the districts, same Act, such governing bodies shall have all the powers of borrowing conferred by section twenty-eight of the Local Government b(Ireland) Act, 1871, and for the purposes of this section said section Eweuty-eight shall be deemed to be hereby re-enacted, and such -powers of borrowing shall include the construction, maintenance, and repair of a town hall.

[^Nothing herein contained shall operate or extend to give to such ( governing bodies any powers of borrowing which, by the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, are transferred to or vested in the sani--;tary authority for the time being. In the said section twenty-eight the Local Government Board for Ireland shall be substituted for the Chief Secretary.

5. Whereas the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, was Indemnity,-in force in the town of Ennis, and a body of town commissioners

was duly constituted under that Act:

And whereas the said Act ceased to be in force in Ennis, and the body of town commissioners became thereupon in law dissolved; but some members thereof continued in good faith, and through mistake of law, to act as commissioners after such dissolution:

And it is expedient to make the provisions contained in this section in relation thereto:

B§‘Therefore it is hereby enacted that all resolutions and proceedings of such persons, purporting to have been passed or taken by them as town commissioners, and all acts of the officers formerly in the service of the town commissioners done by them as such officers, shall be of the same validity and effect as if the town commissioners had not been dissolved, and shall, notwithstanding such dissolution, be ratified and confirmed# '

j And such persons and officers shall be released and indemnified from and against any action Or penalty in consequence thereof.

6. This Act shall apply whether the dissolution or cesser of the Application of urban authority has taken place before or after the passing of this

Act.

248

Short title.

Suspension of power of Speaker to issne writ for elections in certain cities and boroughs.

CHAPTER 78.

An Act to suspend, on account of Corrupt Practices, the issue during the prorogation of Parliament of writs for the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in the present Parliament for certain cities and boroughs. [14th August 18841

WHEREAS, in pursuance of addresses to Her Majesty from both Houses of Parliament in relation to the elections f members to serve in Parliament for the cities and boroughs mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, commissioners were appointed by commissions, dated the ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and eighty, for the purpose of making inquiry into the existence of corrupt practices at the elections of members to serve in Parliament for the said cities and boroughs:

And whereas the said commissioners have respectively reported as regards the existence of corrupt practices to the effect in the second column of the said schedule mentioned:

And whereas. it is expedient that a writ for the election of a member or members to serve in the present Parliament for any of the said cities and boroughs should not be issued except by order of the House of Commons:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections) Act, 1884.

2. A writ for the election of a member or members to serve in : Parliament for any of the cities or boroughs mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act shall not, until after the expiration of seven days after the first meeting of Parliament in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five, be issued in pursuance of the Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, or any of them.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Cities and Boroughs referred to.

Name of City or Borough. I BeP°rt of Commissioners as to prevalence of ! .T' "1 T ' t Corrupt Practices.

Boston -

Canterbury Chester -

Corrupt practices prevailed. very exten* sively at the election of 1880. . '

. It was stated as an undoubted f®6*' that all elections, 'both parliamentary and municipal, have for a long ti®e past been corrupt.

Corrupt practices extensively prevailed the elections of 1879 and 1880.

Corrupt practices extensively prevailed the general elections of February and of April 1880.

249

Name of City or Borough. Report of Commissioners as to prevalence of Corrupt Practices,

Gloucester - Corrupt practices extensively prevailed at the elections in February 1874 and March 1880..

Macclesfield Corrupt practices extensively prevailed at the elections of 1865, 1868, 1874, and 1880.

Oxford - Corrupt practices were committed at the election in February 1874, and corrupt practices extensively prevailed at the elections, in March 1874, April 1880, and May 1880, by way of payment of money to voters as therein mentioned.

Sandwich ... In the election of May 1880, there was practised throughout the constituency, not only indirect bribery of various kinds, but direct bribery, the most extensive and systematic. ..... Electoral corruption has long extensively prevailed in the borough.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Acts referred to.

Session and Chapter. j Title.

An Act to repeal so much of two Acts made in the tenth and fifteenth years of the reign of His present Majesty as authorises the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown for making out writs for the election of members to serve in Parliament in the manner therein mentioned and for substituting other provisions for the like purposes.

Election of Members during Recess Act,

1858:

An Act to further limit and define the time for proceeding to election during the recess.

24 Geo. 3. Sess. . c. 26.

21 & 22 Vict. e. 110. 26 & 27 Vict. . c. 20.

CONTENTS.

1. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts

PASSED DURING THE SESSION.

2. List of the Local and Private Acts, arranged in

Classes.

3. Tables showing the Effect of the Year's Legis-

lation.

A Index to the Public General Statutes.

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session.

LOCAL ACTS.

The titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

?P? i. An Act for legalizing Marriages heretofore solemnized in the District Church of Stopsley, in the Parish of Luton, in the County of Bedford.

?P? ii. An Act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, and the Metropolitan Commons (Amendment) Act, 1869, relating to Streatham Common.

P. iii. An Act to confirm a scheme under the City of Norwich Act, 1867, relating to Mousehold Heath, in the county of the city of Norwich.

P. iv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government Districts of Bognor, Ealing, and Henley.

V. An Act for enabling the President and Fellows of Sion College within the B City of London to acquire a new site for the buildings of the said College f from the Mayor-Commonalty and' Citizens of the City of London; and. for; toother.purposes*

Vi. An Act to amend the Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund Association Act 1873 ;, and for other, purposes.

Vii. An Act to,amend .the. Acts relating to Haddenham Level.and to provide for - the making.and maintaining of Roads in the said Level and for other Bp-purposes.

Viii. An Act to extend the period limited by, the Belfast Strandtown and High Holywood Railway Act 1881 for the compulsory purchase of lands and for | ..other purposes.

IX. An Act for rendering valid; certain Letters Patent granted to George Francis Bradbury and Henry Lomax for Improvements, in Sewing Machines.

X. An Act to authorise the Trustees of the :|%de Lighthouses to raise an additional sum ofmoney, and for. other purposes.

Xi. An Act for "rendering valid certain'Letters Patent granted to Alfred Julius Boult of 323 High HoltjOrp in the county of Middlesex for improvements in the method and means of removing Dust from Carpets.

xii. An Act for legalizing Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Wood Green Congregational Church, in the district of Edmonton, in the county of Middlesex.

xiii. An Act to confirm an Order made by the Board of Trade under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Ramsholt.

xiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, transferring certain Rights, Powers, and Obligations under certain Provisional Orders to the Edison and Swan United Electric Light Company (Limited), and for other purposes.

254 Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Vioi,

xv. An Act to enable the London and Saint Katharine Docks Company to make a new entrance to their Royal Albert Dock; and for other purposes.

xvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Trustees of the Port and Harbours of Greenock in relation to their Harbours and Docks; and for other purposes,

xvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Rickmansworth Waterworks Company.

xviii. An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Governors of the London Hospital and for enabling them to grant building and other Leases of their Estates and for enlarging their Powers with respect to the reception of Patients and for other purposes.

xix- An Act to authorise the West Lancashire Railway Company to borrow Money for the payment of Debts.

XX. An Act to authorise the construction of the Ayr and District Tramways, in the county of Ayr; and for other purposes.

XXI. An Act for the winding-up of the affairs and the dissolution of the High* gate Archway Company.

xxii. An Act to enable the Commissioners for Public Baths and Wash-houses> in the parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington to acquire otherwise than by agreement certain Lands in the said parish and for other purposes.

xxiii. An Act to alter the Memorandum of Association of the Scottish Impend Insurance Company; and for ot er purposes.

xxiv. An Act to amend the Act incorporating the Scottish Provident Institution, and the Deed of Constitution and Laws and Regulations of the Institution# to confer further powers on thn Institution; and for other purposes.

xxv. An Act to confer fur her powers on the Corporation of Glasgow in relation; to their Markets and Slaughter-houses Undertaking; and to enable the Corporation to construct additional Tramways; to* borrow further money; and for other purposes,

xxvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the. Great | Northern Railway Company with respect to their own and other undertakings and for. other purposes.

xxvii. An Act to extend the borough of Longton and -for other purposes. -*

xxviii. An Act to extend the time for completing an embankment and other works in connexion with the Reclamation of certain Lands in Morecambe Bay in the county of Lancaster and for other purposes.

xxix. An Act to sanction the purchase by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board of certain Lands a d to confirm an Agreement between the Board and the Earl of Sefbon and to amend in certain respects the Acts relating to the Board.

vyy. An Act to amend the Dublin (Soxith) Qity Market Acts 1876 to 1883 afld for other purposes^' ;

yyyi An Act for the abandonment of the Upwell Outwell and Wisbech Railway.

mrgii An Act to enable the Corporation of Leicester to consolidate.^ their Loans and convert the same into Stock and to make further prqvisioji if the improvement and good government of, the borough; and for other purposes.

xxxiii. An Act to authorise the construction of a tidal harbour dock and other works at Sutton-le- Marsh in the comity of Lincoln; and for other purpose?*.

xxxiv. An Act for the abandonment of the Railways authorised by the Sever11 Bridge and Forest of Dean Central Railway Act 1873 and the Severn Bridg6 and Forest .of Dean Central Railway Act 1876 and for other purposes,:

U81. Local Acte.

riXV, An Act to make further provision with respect to the payment of the I *cost of the Bridge across the River of Ayr within the Burgh of Ayr; and for : ,'bther purposes.

XXXVI. An Act for authorising the Ayr Harbour Trustees to borrow additional; money; and for other purposes.

XXXVii. An Act to authorise the Belfast Central Railway Company to deviate part and to abandon other parts of their authorised Western Extensions and to extend the periods limited for the purchase of lands for and for the [i^aompletion of the remainder of those Extensions and for other purposes. . xxxviii. An Act to provide for. the effectual maintenance of the Navigation of the River Trent from Wilden Ferry in the counties of Derby and Leicester , or one of them to Gainsborough in the county of Lincoln.

?P? xxxix. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Colwyn Bay and District Gas, Crays Gas, Fleetwood Gas, Frome Gas, and Hull Gas.

P. xl. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Dyke District Water, Hoddesdon Water, and Thirsk District Water,

P. xli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Land Drainage Act, 1861.

P. xlii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Bury St. Edmund's.

|l< xliii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under | thApfOrisions of the Di vided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876,

al" amended and extended by the‘Prior Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes | -of Alton-Bames, Barnstaple; Bishops Tawton; Buckland-Brewer, Bulk worthy, K.iDrewsteignton, East Knoyle, Frithelstock (two), Hittesleigh; Homingsham, Maiden-Bradley-with-Yarnfield, NeWtOn-Saint-Petrock, Parkham, Pertwood,

1 atfd Sutton-Yeney; and to the Chapelry of Alton Priors, j xliv. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under , the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendmerit Act; 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the, Divided Parishes and Prior Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes rif §' Bovey-Tracey, Broadwood Kelly, Calverleigh, Colyton, Combe-in- eignhead, Denbury, East Qgwell, HaccombepHennock, High Week, Ipplepen, Loxbear, --fc^ustlfeigh, Monk Okehampton/MoretOn-Hampstead, North Bovey, Southleigh,

; ? Stoke-in-Teignhead, Torbryan (twO), and Woolborough. xlv. An Act to confirm certain .Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, fc'1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes .of Ashill, Beckington, Berkeley, Broadway, Brockley, Ghelvey, Crew- kerne, Cricket Malherby, Dinhington, Ddwlish-Wake, Elm, Frome, Hawkridge,

Uton, Kilmersdon, Kingston, KnowJe-Saint-Giles, Laverton, Marston-Biggott,

Mells, Road, Seavington-Saint-Mary, Standerwick, Tellesford, Wayford, West Dowlish, Whatley, Whitelackington, Withypoole, and Woolverton.

P. xlvi. An Act to' confirm certain Orders mf the Local Government Board !

under the provisions of the Divided. Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act,

... vl876 as amended and .extended, by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the; Divided Parishes and Poor-Law. Amendment Act, 1882,relating to the Parishes of Acton, Alphamstone^ Assington, Belchamp-Otten, Belchamp-Walter, Boxted,

Buhner, Bures-Saint-Maiy,;>Gastlecamps,;.Gayendish, Chilton, Foxearth, Glows-

256

\ Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Viflv j

ford, Great Comard, Great Henny, Great Waldingfield, Helion's-Bumpstead, * Lamarsh, Linstead Parva, Liston, Li tie Comard, Little Waldingfield, Long Melford, Mendham (two), Metfield, Middleton, Newton (near Sudbury);^ Redenhall with Harleston, Somerton, Stoke (near Nayland), T winstead, and Withersdale, and to the Hamlet of Buers.

P. xlvii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Ashen, Bildeston, Boxford, Brockley, Brettenham, Carlton, ColneTEngain, Great Maplestead, Great Yeldam, Groton, Hitcham, Kelsale, Kettlebaston, Lindsey, Little Maplestead, Little Yeldam, Naughton, Nedging, Polstead, Preston, Ridgewell, Semer, Sible-Hedingham, Stambourne, Tilbury juxta Clare, Toppesfield, Wattesham, Whatfield, Whepstead, and White Colne.

P. xlviii. An .Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divicled Parishes and. Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Abberley, Ashperton (two), Donnington, Holy Cross in Pershore, In-Liberties, Ledbury,* Llangaran, Munsley (two), Norton juxta Kempsey, Putley (two), Rock, Saint Andrew, Saint Andrew in Pershore, Saint Martin, Saint Nicholas, Saint Peter/ Stoke Edith, Stretton-Grandsome or Grandison, Stoulton, Upper Bullinghaiij, Weston-Beggard, Whitchurch, Woolhope, and Yarkhill, to the Chapebiesyf Westhide.and Whittington, and to the Township of Grafton.

P» xlix. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under, the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes vf Abergwilly, Bettws Bledrws, Carmarthen, Cole Orton, Kings Sutton, Llande^ji Aberarth, Uangybi, Llanpumpsaint, Llansaintfraed and Llannon, Llanvihangel Abercowin, Mydrim,Newbottle,Newchurch, and Thringston, and to the Townships of Thelwall and Woolstone with Martinscroft.

P. 1. An Act to confirm the Provisional Order for the Regulation of Redhilland Earlswood Commons, situate in the parishes of Reigate and Horley, in the county of Surrey, in pursuance of a Report of the Land Commissioners' Mr England.

P. li. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Emsworijl Gas, Hornsey Gas, Kirkburton Gas, Quomdon and Mountsorrel Gas, and plough Gas.

lii. An Act for incorporating the West Cheshire Water Company and conferring powers on them with reference to the Construction of Works and the Supply, of Water and otherwise and for other purposes, liii. An Act to dissolve and re-incorporate the Plympton and District Water* works Company (Limited) and for other purposes, liv. An Act for the granting of further Powers to the Walker and WaUsend Union Gas Company. lv. An Act for the abandonment of the Totnes, Paignton and Torquay Direct; Railway.

Ivi. An Act for authorising the Corporation of the Borough of Birkenhead ,t° execute certain Street Improvements; for better regulating the erection of De^ buildings in the Borough; for amending certain local Acts, and makifl# further police and sanitary regulations, and for other purposes.

Local Acts.

m

257

Act to amend the London Tramways Company (Limited) Capital Act ^80 and for other purposes.

H Act for enabling the North-eastern Railway Company to make a new Railway and to acquire additional Lands and for other purposes.

An Act to enable the Corporation of Southampton to enlarge their Ceme-teiy; and for other purposes.

w An Act for empowering the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of

Kingston-upon-Hull to make better provision for the supply of Water to their borough and other parts of their district of supply and to supply Water to the

ICottingham Local Board; and for other purposes.

|jj. An Act for enabling the Local Board for the district of West Ham, in the

county of Essex, to free the North Woolwich or Victoria Dock Road and liliput Road from toll, and to purchase lands, and to construct certain works, and for granting additional powers to the said Local Board and for other I purposes.

lxii. An Act to confer further powers upon the King's Lynn Dock Company; and for other purposes.

lliii. An Act to amend the Nar Valley Drainage Act 1881 and to empower the Nar Valley Drainage Board to raise further money by borrowing, lxiv. An Act to amalgamate the Undertakings of the Swindon Marlborough and r ,Andover and the Swindon and Cheltenham Extension Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

Ixv. An Act to remove doubts respecting certain provisions in the Deed of J Settlement of the Star Life Assurance Society, and respecting the participa-| tion in profits by holders of certain policies of the Society; and for other ^purposes.

|k?i. An Act for empowering the Imperial Continental Gas Association to raise I. further Capital and for other purposes.

[km. An Act to revive the powers and extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of Lands and for the construction of the Railway authorised by the fienley-in-A.den and Great Western Junction Railway Act 1873 and for other purposes.

kviii. An Act to confer further Powers on the Swindon and Cheltenham Exten-Sion Railway Company; and for other purposes.

*IlX. An Act for carrying into effect the purchase of the Windsor and Eton Waterworks by the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of New Windsor and for other purposes.

An Act for the abandonment of the Ruthin and Cerrig-y-druidion Railway and for other purposes.

*Xxi. An Act to authorise the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company to construct new Railways and other Works to amend' the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes.

SXii. An Act to extend the District to enlarge the Powers and to change the Qame of the Wharves and Warehouses Steam Power and Hydraulic Pressure Company; and for other purposes.

IJtxiii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Belchalwell, Blackford, Bruton, Butleigh, Charlton Horethome, Charlton Musgrove, Fifehead Neville, Henstiidge, Holton, Horsington, Marston Magna,

Milborne Port, North Brewham, North Cadbury, North Cheriton, Okeford Fitzpaine, Penselwood, Pitcombe, Queen Camel, Shepton-Montague, South Brewham, Stoke-Trister, Stowell, Walton, and Wincanton.

258 Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 7

P. lxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board tm^J the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, lfjjl as amended and extended by the-Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parish of Ashen, Birdbrook, Brockdish, Haverhill, Hundon, Little Wratting, OviJI ton, Peasenhall, Sibton, Steeple Bumpstead, Stoke-by-Clare, Stratton-Longj Saint-Mary, Sturmer, Thorpe Abbotts, Tilbury-j uxta-Clare, Wacton Magna Whixoe, and Withersfield; and to the Townships of Emswell-with-Kffil thorpe, Eskdaleside, Great Driffield, Little Driffield, and Ugglebarnby. Juj

P. lxxv. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876 as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Charley (two), Eddlesborpugh, Helmdon, Ivinghoe, Little Gaddesden, Markfield, Marston Saint Lawrence (two), Middleton Cheney, Newtown Linford, Slapton, Syres* ham, Thenford, and Whitfield; to the Townships of Marnham and.South | Clifton; and to the Hamlet of Astwell-with-Falcutt.

P. lxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade; . under, the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to Saint James, Westminster^ Saint Martin-in-the-Fields, and Saint George, Hanover Square.

P. lxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local GoverBlil : Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland.) Act, 1883, relating to the Unions of North Dublin, Kells, Kilmallock, Mitchelstown, Bathdrum, Tralee, Trim, and. Tiilla.

P. lxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Boardj for Ireland relating to Waterworks itt the toWn of B&ndon.

P. lxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of J Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Alpeffl and Sudbury Water, Market Weighton Water, Newmarket Water, and Wish^ 1 Water.

P. l^nre. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board & Trade under " The Tramways Act, 1870," relating to Leicester Tramways^' tensions), Walsall and District Tramways, and Wigan Tramways.

P. lxxxi. An Act' to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government) under the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, relating to ^ei County of Montgomeiy.

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government 3® , , under thp provisions, of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment; 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Dh^i Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes | Bamwood, Brockthrop (two), Qhurchdown, Down Hatherly, Harescomb (t^ j Haresfield (two), Hempstead, Maismore, Matson, North Hamlet, Que(fer! j , (two), Saint Catherine's- with Kingsholm Saint Catherine's, Saint John Bap% j Saint Mary-de-Lode with Kingsholm Saint Mary, Saint Nicholas, Sandl0*!.; South Hamlet, Upton Saint Leonard's, Ville of Wotton, and Whaddon (Wji to the Township of Oyer Higham and Linton, and to the Hamlets of ] Saint Mary, Barton Saint Michael, Longford Saint Catherine's, LongfoJ^M Mary, Tumey, Twigworth, and Wootton Saint Mary. * j

P. Ixxxiil. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Gove*#? j Board under the provisions of the Poor Law Amendment Act, lS^r^j amended by the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868, and extended by th® Lv, Law Act, 1879, relating to the city of Oxford and the Parish of Saint |j Whitechapel.

|(8j, Local Acts. m

IL^ An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade Ker the Electric Lighting Act, 1882, relating to the Fulham District. wxXV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government fjoardfor Ireland relating to new Streets in the City of Dublin, and to the | Town Of Dungarvan, and to Waterworks in Buncrana. wxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Sandbach Gas Company.

Lxxvii. An Act for enlarging and improving the Court House and for erecting public buildings at Hamilton and for other purposes.

IXXXViii. An Act to authorise the construction of a bridge over certain rail-! ways near the western end of Cromwell Boad Kensington with roads and approaches in connection therewith.

lxxxix. An Act to make provision with reference to the Arrears of Dividend h on the Preference Shares in the Capital of the Buenos Ayres and Ensenada ! Port Railway Company Limited; and for other purposes.

10. An Act to enable the Stalybridge Gas Company to purchase additional Land | and to raise further Capital and for other purposes.

xci. An Act to authorise the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to construct |Quays or Wharfs arid other Works, and to acquire Lands in connexion with pheir undertaking, and to borrow Money; and for other purposes, icii. An Act to make further Provisions respecting the Capital of the Limerick t and Kerry Railway Company and for other purposes.

[iciii. An Act to authorise the Construction of New Streets and other Works in the- Borough of Belfast and to make farther Provision for the Improvement I and Government of the Borough and for other purposes. iCiv. An Act to authorise the London Street Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes.

icv. An Act to further amend the Metropolitan District Railway Act,.1881; and for other purposes in relation thereto.

Kcvi. An Act to confer further Powers on the Eastern and Midlands Baalway Spompany.

SCVii. An Act to confer further Powers on the London Brighton and South j,‘Coast Bail way Company ;< to transfer to them the powers of the Oxted and LGroombridge Railway Company; and for other purposes.

Scviii. An Act to confer additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Com-j'Pany for the construction of Railways and other Works and the Acquisition of Lands and for raising further Capital; and upon that Company and the KUreat Western Railway Company jointly in respect of a portion of the Bail-way of the Bristol Port Railway and Pier Company; and for other purposes. Xcix. An Act for empowering the Scarborough and Whitby Bail way Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

G. An Act to authorise the West Metropolitan Tramways Company to raise Kldditional capital and for other purposes.

Oi. An Act for defining or extending the powers of the India Bubber, Gutta Percha, and Telegraph Works Company, Limited, and for other purposes.

Cii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Colchester Tramways, Gravesend, JRosherville, and Northfleet Tramways (Extension), Hartlepools Tramways (Extension), Stockton-on-Tees Tramways (Extension), and Weymouth Tramways. Ciii, An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same*

260 Table, of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Yia;

p# civ. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order. of the Local Government Eoard for Ireland relating to Waterworks in the to.wn of Dundalk.

P. cv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the. Naas Burial Ground and the Town of Thurles, P. cvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for; Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Carrick-on-Sirir Union.

P. cvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of hade I under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Barrow-in-Furness Tramways, 1 North Birmingham Tramways, and South Birmingham Tramways.

P. CViii. An Act . to. confirm a Provisional Order made under $he Artizans and I Labourers Dwellings Improvement (Scotland) Acts, 1875 and 1880, relating I to the improvement of the Burgh of Aberdeen.

P. cix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the Public Health I (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the Burgh of Kirkintilloch.

P. CX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government I Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the | Unions of Cashel, Clogheen, Navan, and Tipperary.

P. CXi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government I Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the j Unions of Delvin, Fermoy, and Newcastle.

P. cxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Birmingham and Aston Tram- I ways, Blackpool Tramways, Bootle-cum-Linacre Corporation Tramways, Cardiff Tramways (Extensions), Dudley, Sedgley, and Wolverhampton Tramways, Liverpool Corporation Tramways (Extensions), and Nottingham Tramways, j P. cxiii. An Act to confirm certain Orders of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 187ft as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Bisley, ( Bratton Clovelly, Broadwood Widger, . Chittlehampton, Cranham, East Wor-; lington (two), Haresfield, Hay, Lapford, Llowes, Meshaw, Miserdine, Randwick j (two), Standish, Stonehouse, Thelbridge, West Worlington, Witheridge (two), and Woolfardisworthy.

P. cxiv. An Act to confirm an Order of the Local Government Board under the j provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as j amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, and the Divided Parishes j and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1882, relating to the Parishes of Dawlish and i Kenton.

P. cxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the. Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867, as amended by j the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868, and extended by the.PoorXaw Act 1879, relating to the Parish of Saint Luke (Middlesex).

P. cxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board j°r Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the NenaghlJ®011' , cxvii. An Act to authorise the'Construction of additional Water Works.®'1 Swanage in the county of Dorset and for other purposes.

CXViii. An Act to empower the Local Board for the District of the Town 0 Ventnor in the Isle of Wight to construct a Pier and to acquire Lands forStr®^ Improvements and other purposes : and to confer further powers upon the s® Local Board: and for other purposes.

cxix. An Act for the permanent Establishment Regulation and Manage®611 of the Butter Market of the City of .Cork and for other purposes.

1884. Local Acts. 261

cjX. An Act to transfer to the Belfast and County Down Railway Company the. If Belfast Holy wood and Bangor Railway; and for other purposes, j cxxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers upon the Liverpool I Bpydraulic Power Company and for other purposes, eygii. An 'Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Newport ^Monmouthshire^ Hydraulic Power Company and for other purposes, cxxiii. An Act to provide for the consolidation of the Loans of the Corporation of Rochdale and the conversion of those Loans into Stock; and to alter the pOharges made by the Corporation for a supply of Water; and for other purposes.

cxxiv. An Act to extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of lands for \ and for the completion of the railways authorised by the Ballyclare Ligoniel t and Belfast Junction Railway Act 1881 and for other purposes.

CXXV. An Act to empower the Belfast Street Tramways Company to construct 1 additional Tramways to raise further money and for other purposes.

CXXVI. An Act for enabling the Great Southern and Western Railway Company

to extend their railway to Tullow in the county of Carlow; and for other Repurposes.

I cxxvii. An Act to extend the time limited by the Clonakilty Extension Rails' way Act 1881 for the purchase of Lands and the completion of the Railway f. by that Act authorised; to authorise the Cork and Bandon Railway Company W to subscribe towards the construction of such Railway and to convert certain debenture shares into debenture stock; and for other purposes.

I cxxviii. An Act to authorise the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway T Company to construct Tramways from Broughshane to Clonetrace and from E-Retreat to Cushendall; to vest the Undertaking of the Ballymena Cushendall W and Redbay Railway Company in the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway K Company; to authorise that Company to purchase Hotels and to make K agreements with the Belfast Harbour Commissioners and the Londonderry P Port and Harbour Commissioners; and for other purposes.

CXxix. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to construct

certain Railways and other Works in the Counties of Renfrew, Forfar, Stirling, p and Clackmannan, to acquire and complete the Alloa Railway, and to take

in lease the Moffat Railway; for extending the time for completing the Alloa Railway; for dissolving the Alloa Railway Company; for abandoning the Larbert and Grangemouth Connecting Lines of the Caledonian Railway Company, and confirming an agreement between that Company and the North i British Railway Company with respect t5 the use of the Stirlingshire Midland K Junction and Grangemouth Railways and other matters; and for other purposes.

CXxx. An Act for, making the Railway and Canal Traffic Acts applicable to the. W; City of Dublin Steam Packet Company in relation to their Holyhead and t Kingstown Mail Contract Service; and for other purposes.

Cxxxi. An Act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Coventry; toll'purchase the Undertaking of the Coventry Gas Company; _ and to . confer further powers on the Corporation.

CXXXII. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of thfeir Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes.

CXXXiii. An Act to provide for the Commutation of the Liability of Landowners in the Levels of the Hundreds of Caldicot and Wentlooge in the County of Monmouth to maintain Seawalls and other .Works and to provide for the making and maintaining of Roads in the said Levels and for other Purposes.

202 Table of the Statutes.

cxxxiv. An Act to extend the powers of the Corporation of Jar row in the County of Durham with respect to the gove improvement of the Borough; to extend the boundary of the m

for other purposes, cxxxv. An Act to confer further powers on the London Tilbury am

Railway Company, cxxxvi. An Act for the granting of further powers to the Woolwil able Gas Company.

CXXXVii. An Act to extend the periods respectively limited for the coni\ of the Cranbrook and Paddock Wood Railway and for the compulsi chase of lands required for the said railway and the deviations thereof. CXXXViii. An Act to confer further powers on the Newry Navigation Co\ and for other purposes, cxxxix. An Act to authorise the Treferig Valley Railway Company to\ their Railway to the Taff Yale Railway Company and for other purposes. cxl. An Act for dissolving the Abercam and Newbridge Gas and B Company Limited and re-incorporating the Members thereof with others] for enabling them to supply Gas and Water in the parishes of Myn] . dyslwyn and Uanhilleth in the county of Monmouth and for other purposes1 cxli. An Act for making further provision for the better government andM ,. the preservation of the Health of the Inhabitants of the borough of Cro/t/oM to authorise the creation of Corporation Stock and for other purposes, aJB cxlii. An Act to provide for the working and rental of the East London Railway Whitechapel Junction and for other purposes.

CXliii. An Act to authorise the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to make a railway in substitution for a portion of the existing Cork and i Youghal and Great Southern and Western Junction Railway; to remove &l .replace a certain bridge; to divert and stop up certain roads; to acquit m additional lands; and for other purposes.

CXliv. An Act to authorise the Cork and Kenmare Railway Company, to I construct a branch railway from Loo Bridge to Head fort in the county d Kerry to abandon so much of the railway authorised by the Cork and Kenmart i Railway Act 1881 as lies between Macroom and Loo Bridge to reduce $ Company's capital and borrowing powers to alter baronial guarantees andfa other purposes.

CXlv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorksbitt Railway Company with relation to their own undertaking and undertaking1 in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes. cxlvi. An Act to authorise the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Rail#3? Company to construct a; new Railway and other works and to confer furth# powers upon that Company in connection with their undertaking and Pr

, other purposes. , . hum

cxlvii. An Act for making Tramways in the Parishes of Greenwich Lewish3^ and St. Paul Deptford in the County of Kent; and for other purposes. cxlviii. An Act . to authorise the London Chatham and Dover Ban .

Company to construct railways and works in the counties of Surrey Kent and in the city of London and for other purposes. rouse'''

cxlix. An Act for extending- the Limits of Jurisdiction of the Tees vancy Commissioners; for conferring further powers on the Commhsionei amending the Tees Conservancy Acts; and for other purposes. of $e

cl. An Act for regulating the Society of Solicitors before the Oo Socieif?

Commissary the. Sheriff and CSty of Edinburgh commonly called^ jj&biti'

Solicitors at Law for making provision for the present and conting

| , 1884. Local Acts. , 263

L ties thereof for the distribution of the Funds and the ultimate dissolution of the Society and for other relative purposes, j 0li. An Act for reincorporating and conferring powers on the Llanfairfechan 1' Waterworks Company Limited.

clii. An Act to empower the Llanfrechfa Upper Local Board to make Water-t f works and supply Water; and for other purposes.

! cliii. An Act to confer further powers on the Teign Valley Railway Company, oliv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for . Ireland under the Labourers Act, 1883, relating to the Tipperary Union.

V, civ. An Act to amend certain provisions of the Acts third and fourth Victoria,

| chapter one hundred and thirteen, and thirty-second and thirty-third Victoria, L chapter ninety-four, in relation to the Consolidation of Benefices called K " Medieties," or " Portions," and to extend the same to the parish of Tiverton, L in the county of Devon.'

jP, dvi. An Act to confirm Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for I Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Unions of L. .Enniscorthy, Clonakilty, Gorey, Killadysert, and Shillelagh.

P. clvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board Lr.under the provisions of the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1881, relating £ to Salt Works.

P. clviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government ' Board relating to the Local Government Districts of Dorking and Hendon, the fc. Rural Sanitary District of the Kingston Union, the Local Government District f. of Malvern, the Borough of Portsmouth, the City of Truro, and the- Local bf jGovernment Districts of Wimbledon and Ystradyfodwg.

[ clix. An Act to revive the powers and extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the construction of the works authorised by the Walton-on the-Naze and Frinton -Improvement Act 1879 and for other Eft, purposes.

clx. An Act for the sale of the Gravesend Town Quay and Pier to the London . Tilbury and Southend Railway Company: and for other purposes.. clxi. An Act to authorise the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Colder in, the west riding of the county of York to ^deepen and improve the lower Navigation of the River Ouse and for other purposes, com. An Act to make better provision for the Health Local Government and Improvement of the: Local Board district of West Derby in the County of L Lancaster and for other purposes.

Clxiii. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway; Company to make a Railway to Gourock, with a quay or. pier there, and to connect their railways with; the Paisley Canal Line of the Glasgow and South Western Railway p , Company, with facilities over that Line; for extending the time for the sale (if, of certain superfluous Lands; and for other purposes, clxiv. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Manchester Bury Rochdale and Oldham Steam Tramways Company, clxv. An Act to authorise the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway from the Railway of the Cheshire I Lines Committee at Chesteruto Connah's Quay and for other purposes.

Clxvi. An Act for making tramways in the county of Kent and for other purposes.

clxvii. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Subway under the River Thames from King William Street in the City of London to Short Street i in the Parish of St. Mary Newington in the Co.unty of Surrey and for other purposes.

264 Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Vic* 1

clxviii. An Act for empowering the North Metropolitan Tramways Company to construct New Tramways; and for other purposes. sMM

clxix. An Act to confer further powers on the Perth General Station Committee.

and for other purposes.

Clxx. An Act for authorising the Construction of Railways in the county of Lincoln to he called the Sutton and Willoughby Railway and for other purposes.

Clxxi. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and I for the completion of the railways authorised by the Burry Port and North I Western Junction Railway Act 1876 and the Burry Port and North Western I Junction Railway Amendment Act 1881 and for other purposes, clxxii. An Act for incorporating the Dundee Suburban Railway Company and for other purposes.

clxxiii. An Act for empowering the South Stockton Local Board to acquires I share in the waterworks undertaking of the Stockton and Middlesbrough Water Board and for other purposes.

Clxxiv. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Swansea to make and maintain additional Waterworks, to make other provisions in relation to their Waterworks Undertaking to borrow moneyed for other purposes.

Clxxv. An Act for the prevention of Encroachments upon the Malvern Hills, and for other purposes, clxxvi. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to establish a Free Steam Ferry across the River Thames east of London Bridge to apply the income and to raise monies on the security of the rents and profits of the Bridge House Estates and for other purposes.4* clxxvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier. Company; and for other purposes, clxxviii. An Act to continue and extend the powers of the Bank of South Australia and for other purposes.

clxxix. An Act to authorise the Barrmill and Kilwinning Railway Company to construct hew Railways; to change the name of the Company; and for other purposes.

Clxxx. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Dewsbury to make new Streets and Street- Improvements and to make further provision for the Improvement and good Government of the Borough and for feather purposes.

nlTYvi. An Act to incorporate a Company for the Construction of the Doreand Chinley Railway and for other purposes.

clxxxii. An Act to enable the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to construct in the City of Dublin;connecting Railways between Westland Rotf Terminus and the Railways of the Great Northern Railway (Ireland) and the Midland Great Western Railway (Ireland) on the north side of the River Liffey to be called the City of Dublin Junction Railways and for other purposes^® clxxxiii. An Act to authorise the Highland Railway Company to construct n®* Railways; and for other purposes. clxxxiv. An Act to amalgamate the Undertakings of the Highland, the SutheT' land, and the Sutherland and Caithness Railway Companies, and the Duke0 Sutherland's Railway; and for other purposes. clxxxv. An Act to authorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to deviate p®1" of the Rickmansworth Extension Railway and Ghorley Wood Lane to purcD®8 additional lands to extend the time for compulsory purchase of lands and co® pletion of works to give effect to an arrangement for vesting in them the P°^e

Local Acts.

265

. to make and maintain Railway No. 2 authorised by the Metropolitan and Dis-b trict Railways (City Lines and Extensions) Act 1879 to provide for consolidation [‘ of debenture stocks and for other purposes.

clXXXVl. An Act to extend some of the powers of the Sutton Bridge Dock BP Company to make further provisions with respect to their unissued capital l and for other purposes.

dxxxvii. An Act for incorporating a Board of Drainage Commissioners with Bf' powers to drain and improve certain lands in the townships of Reedness and Swinefleet in the parish of Whitgift in the West Riding of the County of York, clxxxviii. An Act to alter and amend the Clacton-on-Sea Special Drainage K District Act 1880.

Clxxxix. An Act to enable the Trustees for the District and Harbour of F- Maryport to raise a further Sum of Money for the Improvement of the b - Harbour of Maryport and for other purposes.

CXC. An Act for constituting a portion of the Railways authorised by " the [' North Cornwall Railway Act 1882 " a separate Undertaking; and for other purposes.

CXCI. An Act to authorise the London Southern Tramways Company to raise £; additional capital and for other purposes.

CXCII. An Act to extend the time for constructing the North London Tramways;

: to empower the North London Tramways Company to raise additional Capita1, and for other purposes.

CXCIII. An Act to extend the Time for the Compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Uxbridge and Rickmansworth Railway.

CXciv. An Act for reviving and rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to; Edward Wright for Improvements in Paint Brushes.

CXCV. An Act for authorising the Liskeard and Caradon Railway Company to . extend their Railway to Launceston and for authorising arrangements between them and the Liskeard and Looe Union Canal Company and for other purposes, cxcvi. An Act to amend the Neath Harbour Acts, to alter the Constitution of the Neath Harbour Commissioners, to authorise the Construction of new Works, and to confirm and regulate the borrowing of moneys, and for other : purposes.

CXCvii. An Act for incorporating the West Worthing Waterworks and Baths; Company and for vesting the West Worthing Waterworks and Baths in that Company and for other purposes.

CXCviii. An Act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company in respect to their own undertaking and of the undertakings of other Companies.

CXCIX. An Act to incorporate and confer 'powers on the Birmingham Compressed-Air Power Company and for other purposes.

CC. An Act to revive and extend the powers of the Cleveland Extension Mineral - Railway Company.

cci. An Act for conferring further powers on the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company.

CCii. An Act to empower the Taff Yale Railway Company to construct a New Railway at Cardiff and to acquire additional Lands and to raise further Capital and for other purposes, cciii. An Act to amend theyStockton and Middlesbrough Corporations Waterworks Act 1876 and to confer further powers upon the Corporations of the Boroughs of Stockton-on-Tees and Middlesbrough and the Stockton and Middlesbrough Water Board for the supply of Water to the said Boroughs and their neighbourhoods and for other purposea

.266 Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 \1<SJ

cciv. An Act to provide for the vesting of the undertaking of the Eastern Bengal Railway Company in the Secretary of State in Council of India and for other I purposes.

CCV. An Act to. enable the Great North of Scotland Rail way Company to extend their Railway to Rosehearty, in the County of Aberdeen, and for other pnr. poses.

ccvi. An Act to authorise the Great Western Railway Company to make and maintain certain railways in the county of Gloucester and to acquire lands and to confer further powers upon that Company and the Corporation of Camjar. then the Swindon and Cheltenham Extension . Railway Company and .the Llanelly Harbour and Burry Navigation Commissioners; and for other pnr. poses.

CCVii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other companies and also for conferring powers upon the North Staffordshire Railway Company the Great Western Railway Company the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company in relation to such other undertakings and upon the Manchester South Junctioniand Altrincham Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and for vesting in the London and North Western Railway .Company the undertaking of the Yale of Towy Railway Company and for other purposes.

CCViii. An Act to provide for a further Supply of Water to the Town of Northampton and adjacent Places and for other purposes.

P. ccix. An Act to provide for ascertaining any Rights of Common or other lights in or over Strensall Common, in the North Riding of the county of York,! and for the acquisition and compensation of such rights, and the use of the said . Common and adjoining land for military and other purposes.

P. ccx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government District of Arlecdon and Frizington, the Borough of Bradford (Yorks), the Falmouth United Sewerage District the Special Drainage District of Flaxley, the Local Government Districts of Holmfirth and Lindfield, the Borough of Over Darwen, the Local Government,. Districts of Rothwell and Saint Mary Church, and the Warwick Joint Hospital District, . y *.!

P. ccxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the; Local GoveijnnjM Board relating to the. City and County of Bristol, the Cities /of Carlisle and Coventry, the Local Government District of North wich, the Borough of Preston, the Rural Sanitary District of the Taunton Union, and the Borough of Warring'' ton.

P. ccxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Improvement Act District of Bournemouth, the Spw Drainage District of Clacton-on-Sea, the Local Government District ' of Fa01* ham, the Boroughs of Hythe and Margate, the Improvement Act Districts g Milton-next-Sittingborne and West Worthing, and the City of Winchester?

P. ccxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Governing' Board for Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883, relating to the Unions of Clonmel, Croom, Glin, Kanturk, Limerick, Lismore, MacroopoMnl* lingar, Rathkeale, and Wexford.

P. ccxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of- the Local Governme®* Board relating to the Accrington and Church Outfall Sewerage District,^® Boroughs of Bangor, Barnsley, and Burnley, the Local Government Districtot Fulwood, the City of Liverpool, the Local Government District of Llanelly, tt®

'p. Borough of Middlesbrough, the Improvement Act District of Milford, and the L Borough of. Nottingham. p, CCXV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Aberavon, the Local Government Districts of § Brighouse, and Denton and Haughton, the City of Manchester, and the Local |; Government Districts of Shipley, Skelton and Brotton, Sowerby Bridge, and Hjb Sutton in Ashfield.

p, ccxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade [pi.under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1801, relating to Aldborough, Balti-i,- more and Skibbereen, Carlingford Lough, Chatham, Cromer, Cullen, Dawlish, R. Eyemouth, Fraserburgh, Hove, and Newlyn.

[p. CCXVii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council in Ireland relating to the West Clare Railway.

P. ccxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Lord Lieutenant and y; Privy Council in Ireland relating to the Clogher Valley Tramway, j ccxix. An Act for providing a better supply of Water to the high-level districts it of the borough of Belfast and other places adjacent thereto; for conferring fur-[ ther powers on the Belfast Water Commissioners; and for other purposes.

; CCXX. An Act to empower the Coventry and District Tramways Company to abandon the construction of one of their authorised Tramways; to extend the time for constructing- the remainder of their authorised works, and for other I purposes.

ccxxi. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Railway from the Bishop's Castle Railway at Lydham in the County of Salop to Montgomery in the j County of Montgomery.

E ccxxii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Cardiff in the county of Glamorgan to obtain a supply of Water from the River TaffFawrin Breconshire; and to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the borough; and for other purposes.

CCXXiii. An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Board of Works to make certain jr New Streets in the Metropolis; for amending the Metropolitan Street Im-k* provements Act, 1877; for conferring further powers upon the said Board with, respect to Plumstead Common and Hackney Commons and for other pur-nr. ' poses.

CCXXiv. An Act for authorising the construction of a railway in Lancashire, to be called the Blackpool Railway; and for other purposes.

CCXXV. An Act. to empower the Metropolitan Railway Company to extend their Railway to Hendon-in the county of Middlesex and for other purposes, ccxxvi. An Act to authorise the making of Railways in the County of . Lancaster to connect the Railway of the West Lancashire Railway Company with the Railway of the Sputhport and Cheshire Lines Extension Railway . Company and for other purposes.

ccxxvii. An Act to authorise the Mersey Railway Company to make a Branch Railway in Birkenhead and for other purposes, ccxxviii. An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Board of Works to alter the situation of the New Battersea Bridge authorised by " The Metropolitan Bridges Act, 1881 " and for other purposes, ccxxix. An Act to confer, further powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company. V -f?.

ccxxx. An Act to enable the West Lancashire Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Preston Docks in the county of Lancaster and to confer further powers in relation to their Undertaking on the Company and for other - purposes.

268

Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Vici.

ccxxxi. An Act for vesting in the Plymouth Devonport and South Western Junction Railway Company the powers conferred by " The Devon and Cornwall Central Railway Act 1882 " and for the abandonment of a portion of the Railway authorised by that Act and for the dissolution of the Devon and Cornwall Central Railway Company and for other purposes.

CCXXXII. An Act for extending the boundaries of the city of York and county of the same city; for consolidating and amending various provisions of the Local Acts in force within the city; and for other purposes, ccxxxiii. An Act to authorise the Leominster and Bromyard Railway Company to complete their authorised Railway from Steens Bridge to Bromyard; and for other purposes.

CCXXXiv. An Act for incorporating the Chatham and Brompton Tramways Company and empowering them to construct street tramways in the parishes of Chatham and Gillingham in the county of Kent and for other purposes. CCXXXV. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in connexion with their own and other Undertakings and upon them and other Companies in connexion with Undertakings in which they are jointly interested; for vesting in the Great Western Railway Company the Undertakings of the Coleford Railway Company and the Bristol and North Somerset Railway Company; for authorising and confirming agreements between the Great Western Railway Company and other Companies; and for other purposes.

CCXXXvi. An Act to revive the powers and extend the time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for and to extend the time for the completion of parts of the Railways of the Rosebush and Fishguard Railway Company to enable that Company to raise additional *Capital to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

ccxxxvii. An Act for the construction maintenance and regulation of a Pier and Lift at Folkestone in the county of Kent and for other purposes, ccxxxviii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Llandrindod Wells Water Company.

CCXXXix. An Act to consolidate the city of Chester into one parish; make improved provision for the levying of Rates; provide for the issue of Corporation Stock; make provision as to Markets and Fairs; for freeing the Dee Bridges of Tolls; and for the improvement government and health of the city I to amend the Improvement Act; and for other purposes, ccxl. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the Tramways authorised by the Plymouth Devonport and District Tramways Act 1882 and for other

purposes.

ccxli. An Act to authorise the Construction of Street Tramways in certain parts of Edinburgh and Leith; and for other purposes.

ccxlii. An Act for incorporating the Halifax High Level and North and South Junction Railway Company and authorising them to make and maintain tn® Halifax High Level and North and South Junction Railway and for otb^ purposes.

CCXliii. An Act to revive and extend the powers of the several Acts relate to the Poulnasherry Reclamation; and for other purposes.

ccxliv. An Act to authorise the Lea Bridge Leyton and Walthamstow Tra® ways Company to construct new Tramways in the counties of Middlesex a® Essex and for other purposes.

CCxlv. An Act for empowering the Rotherham and Bawtiy Railway Compaq to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

CCXlvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Tendring I I vHundred Waterworks Company.

ccxlvii- An Act for authorising the London and South Western Railway Company to construct additional works and to purchase additional lands and for B||bnferring other powers upon them; for the widening of the Somerset and IpBorset Railway; for authorising agreements between the Company and the I Wimbledon and West Metropolitan Junction Railway Company; and for other I Purposes-

ccxlviii. An Act to authorise the construction of a Railway from Pwllheli to I Porthdinlleyn in the county of Carnarvon; and for other purposes.

I ccxlix. An Act for incorporating the West Gloucestershire Water Company : and conferring powers upon them with reference to the construction of Works

| and the supply of Water and otherwise, and for other purposes. p.CCl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Scotch Education ^Department under the Education (Scotland) Act, 1878, to enable the School Board for Ardchattan and Muckairn, in the county of Argyll, to put in force R|he Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and the Acts amending K' the same.

P. cell. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for I k Ireland under the Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1888, relating to the Drogheda Kmion.

cclii. An Act to enable the Golden,Valley Railway Company to abandon a T'. portion of their authorised Railway; to construct new Railways; and for pher purposes.

CCliii. An Act to authorise the Wirral Railway Company to make a Branch f Railway to Birkenhead and for other purposes.

Ccliv. An Act to, authorise the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Rail-f way and Dock Company to raise further, money by debentures.

: CClv. An Act to-enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the .City of KhBristol to. purchase the Undertakings of the Bristol Poit and Channel Dock Company-the Bristol Port and Channel . Dock Warehouse Company. Limited i' and the Portishead Warehouse Company Limited and the Dock Undertaking r of the Bristol and Portishead Pier and Railway Company and for other ^purposes.

CClvi. An Act to authorise the Great Western Railway Company to acquire the [I Pier and Railway Undertaking of the Bristol and Portishead Pier and Railway |S' Company and' for other purposes.

CClvii. An Act to authorise the Construction of a Dock at Barry Island and Railways and Works in Glamorganshire' connected therewith and for other g|; purposes.

Cclviii. An Act to authorise the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company to make branch railways in the Parish of Portland in the County of Dorset and fe . for'bther purposes.

cclix. An Act to amend the provisions of the London and South-Western and | Metropolitan District Railway Companies (Kingston and London Railway)

| Act 1882.

cclx. An Act for constructing a Subway or Tunnel between East and West Cowes under the River Medina and approaches thereto and for other purposes.

Cclxi. An Act for empowering the Milford Docks Company to construct rail- §

Ways, and for other purposes.

270 Table of the Statutes. 47 & 48 Vlcj

cclxii. An Act to increase the number of Aldermen and Councillors of Borough of Brighton: to authorise the Corporation of the said Borough to , make and maintain certain Works and Improvements to provide a pO Market to regulate the Racercourseand certain Squares and Enclosed Pl^ and Burial Grounds to purchase Lands and to make further provision for|k , good Government.of the Borough and to borrow further moneys: and for other purposes.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.,A*

j. AN Act to enable the Executors and surviving Trustee of the Will# AA Augustus John Smith Esquire deceased to surrender existing Leases and to accept a new Lease of the Scilly Isles and to determine a Trust for Accumulation contained in the said Will and for other purposes.

2. An Act to authorise certain arrangements with regard to the Trust Estate of

' the late Robert Montgomery Hamilton Lord Belhaven and Stenton, and to

empower his Trustee to carry the same into effect.

3. An Act to confirm certain Leases Conveyances and Assignment under the Will of William Hallett Esquire deceased and to give the Trustees powers of leasing and sale and for other purposes.

4. An Act to enable the Sale of the Glebe Lands of the Rectory of Winwick; in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the disposal of the proceeds 'for the endowment of that Rectory, and additional endowments of other Beneficefc

5. An Act to further amend "The Earl of Aylesford's Estate Act, 1882." '

6. An Act to facilitate the Sale, free from, incumbrances, of the Estates in England and Ireland of the Right Honourable William Reginald Earl of Devon, and. the Honourable Edward Baldwin Courtenay, commonly called Lord Courtenay.

A LIST OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS,

(47 & 48 Vict., 1884,)

ARRANGED IN CLASSES.

Class 1. — Bridges and Ferries. I Cl.

, 2. — Canals, Rivers, Navigations, Tun-

NEDS, and Subways.

, 3. — Charitable Foundations and In- ,

STITUTIONS. . - I 11 .

, 4. — Drainages and Drainage Eubank- ,

ments.

" 5> — Ecclesiastical Affairs, including I ,

Tithes. ( I ,

, 6. — Estates. i '

Fisheries. 7

V" — Gaslight Companies.

, y- jSA.-ELECTRic Light Companies, &c.

a 9. — Harbours, Docks, Ports, Piers,

Quays, &c.

Class 1. — Bridges and Berries.

I Ayr Bridge (Making farther provision with respect to Payment of Cost). Ch. xxxv.

I Battersea Bridge (Enabling Metropolitan Board of Works to alter situation of new Bridge). Ch, ccxxviii.

City of London Free Ferry (Enabling Corporation to establish a Free Steam Ferry east of . London Bridge, &c.) Ch. clxxvi.

;i Cromwell Road Bridge, Kensington (Construction of Bridge over certain Railways, with Roads, &c.) Ch. lxxxviii.

Dee Bridges (Freeing them of Tolls). Ch. ccxxxix.

Class 2. — Canals, Rivers, Navigations, Tunnels, and Subways.

, City of London and Southwark Subway (Construction of Subway under River Thames from King William Street, City, to Short Street, Newington). Ch. clxvii.

Clyde Navigation (Construction of Quays, &c,; borrowing Money). Ch. xci.

Medina (Isle of Wight) Subway (Construction of Subway or Tunnel between East and West Cowes, &c.) Ch. cclx.

Newry Navigation (Further Powers). ;Ch. cxxxviii.

Ouse, Lower (Authorising Undertakers of Navigation of Rivers Aire and Calder to deepen and improve the Navigation). Ch. clxi.

Tees Conservancy (Extending Limits of Jurisdiction of Commissioners, and conferring further Powers on them; amending Acts); Ch. cxlix.

Trent Navigation (Effectual Maintenance of Navigation from Wilden Feriy to Gainsborough). Ch. xxxviii.

Class 3. — Charitable Foundations and Institutions.

London Hospital (Confirming certain Leases; enabling the Governors to grant Building and other Leases; enlarging Powers with respect to reception of Patients). Ch. xviii.

Sion College, London (Enabling the President and Fellows to acquire a new site, Ac.)

Ch. v.

ass 10. — Improvements in Iowns,Municipal and County and Local Government Matters, Markets, See.

11. — Inclosures of Commons,

12. * — Paeish Affaibs.

13. — Personal Affairs.

14. — Railways.

15. — Trading and other Companies.

16.; — Tramways.

17. - — Turnpike and other Roads.

18. — Water Companies.

19. — Provisional Orders Confirma-

tion.

-:*V'

m0

285

TABLES

SHOWING

THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR'S LEGISLATION,

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict. (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on former Acts.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions (in chronological order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 47 & 48 Vict.

(A.)

Acts of 47 & 48 Vict. (in order of Chapter), showing their effect on

former Acts.

Ch.

1. Mb. Speaker's Retirement [U.K.]

Settles an annuity of 4,0001. upon th9 Right Hon. Sir 'Henry Brand.

2. National Debt [U.K.]

Repeals (upon the cancellation of the last remaining portion of the Indian Loan Annuity, 1881) s. 7 of 46 & 47 Vict. c. 54., National Debt Act, 1883, and also 44 & 45 Vict. e. 54., Indian Loan Act, 1881.

Applies 46 & 47 Vict. c. 54.

3. London Brokers' Relief [E.]

Amends 6 Anne, c. 16., Brokers (City of London).

, 57 Geo. 3. c. lx., Gauger (City of London): Brokers.

, 33 & 34 Vict. c. 60., London Brokers' Relief Act, 1870.

4. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) (11,817,505Z. 14s. lOd.) [U.K.]

5. Valuation (Metropolis) Amendment [E.]

Amends, and is construed with, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 67., Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

6. Dublin Science and Art Museum [I.)

Amends 40 & 41 Vict. c. ccxxxiv., Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877. Incorporates 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18., Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, &c.

7. Isle of Man Harbours [E.]

Amends 35 & 36 Vict. c. 23., 1 T , , ,. T

, 37 & 38 Vict. c. 8., f °* -^au Harbours Acts, 1872 and 1874.

8. Army (Annual) [U.K.]

Continues, and amends, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881.

9. Bankruitcy Appeals (County Courts) [E.]

Amends 46 & 47 Vict. c. 52., Bankruptcy Act, 1883.

10. Trustee Churches (Ireland) [I.)

Amends 32 & 33 Vict. c. 42., Irish Church Act, 1869.

H. Freshwater Fisheries [E.]

Amends and applies 41 & 42 Vict. c. 39., Freshwater Fisheries^Act, 1878.

Extends, explains, and applies 28 & 29 Vict. c. 121., Salmon Fishery Act, 1865.

Extends and applies 36 & 37 Vict. c. 71., Salmon Fishery Act, 1873.

Applies 39 & 40 Vict. c. 19., Salmon Fishery Act, 1876. ... . ..

Provides for application of this Act and of 41 & 42 Vict. c. 39. (with certain exceptions) to Norfolk and Suffolk.

286 Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48

Table A. — Acts o£ 47 & ,48 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

12. Public Health (Conpermation op Byelaws) [E.]

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

Incorporates s. 128 of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 34., Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847 , s. 68 and s. 69 of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 89., Town Police Clauses Act, 1847 , s. 42 of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 14., Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847,

' 13. Contagious Diseases (Animals) [U.K.]

Amends 41 & 42 Vict. c. 74., Contagious Diseases -(Animals) Act, 1878.

14. Married "Women's Property [E. & I.]

Amends 45 & 46 Vict. c. 75., Married Women's Property Act, 1882.

15. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) (6,519,368Z.) [U.K.]

16. Bankruptcy Frauds and Disabilities (Scotland) [S.]

Applies to Scotland certain provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883 (46 & 47 Vict. I c. 52.)

Applies 43 & 44 Vict. c. 34., Debtors (Scotland) Act, 1880.

17. Metropolitan Police [E.

Provides for the appointment of an additional Assistant! Commissioner of Police. Amends and applies 19 & 20 Vict. c. 2., Metropolitan Police Act, 1856.

, , 31 & 32 Vict. c. 67., Police Rate Act, 1868. . 4 I

, , 38 & 39 Vict. c. 28., Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation)

Act, 1875.

Recites, in Schedule, Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1875.

18. Settled Land [E. & I.]|

Amends 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38., Settled Land Act, 1882.

19. Summary Jurisdiction over Children (Ireland) [I.]

Amends Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts.

Extends certain enactments relative to appeals.

Recites, in Schedule, Indictable Offences which can he dealt with summarily.

20. Greek Marriages [E.]

Removes doubts as to validity of certain Greek Marriages.

Applies 21 & 22 Vict. c. 93., Legitimacy Declaration Act, 1858.

21. Sea and Coast Fisheries Fund (Ireland) [I.]

Transfers fund to Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

Incorporates certain provisions of 37 & 38 Vict. c. 86. f Irish Reproductive Loan runa and 45 & 46 Vict. c. 16. - - . Acts, 1874 and 1882.

22. Loans por Schools and Training Colleges (Ireland) [I.]

Amends Law relating to Buildings of Non-vested National Schools, &c.

Applies Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Acts, 10 & 11 Vict. c. 32., &c.

23. National Debt (Conversion op Stock) [U.K.]

Applies 33 & 34 Vict. c. 71., National Debt Act, 1870.

Extends 43 & 44 Vict. c. 36., Savings Banks Act, 1880.

24. Colonial Attorneys Reliep Act Amendment [U.K.]

Amends 20 & 21 Vict. c. 39., 1 . 1 ... -5 $«r» I

37 & 38 Vict o 41 I Colonial Attorneys Relief Act.

25. Customs and Inland Revenue [U.K.]

Continues Import Duties on Tea (6d. the pound).

Grants duty of 15s. on licence for hackney carriage. '

Reduces duties on- carriages commenced to be used on or after the 1st October in an^ year.

Grants duties of income tax, and applies former Acts.

26. Fisheries (Oyster, Crab, and Lobster) Act (1877) Amendment [U.E.]

Amends 40 & 41 Vict. c. 42., Fisheries (Oyster, &c.) Act, 1877-

27. Sea Fisheries [U.K.]

Further amends 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45., Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

28. Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 46 & 47 Vict. c. 43., Tramways and Publio Companies (Ireland) Act 1883.

29. Licensing (Evidence) [E. & I.]

Extends s. 41 of 35 & 36 Yic\ c. 94., Licensing Act, 187<a.

Effect of Legislation.

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Jw? Great Seal [U.K.J

Repeals 27 Hen. 8. c. 11., Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal. t , 14 & 15 Vict. c. 82., Forms of Appointments to certain Offices, <fec. under

Great Seal.

, s. 3 of 43 & 44 Vict. c. 10., Great Seal Act, 1880.

Applies 40 & 41 Vict. c. 41., Crown Office Act, 1877.

31. Colonial Prisoners Removal [U.K., <fcc.]

Applies 37 & 38 Vict. c. 27., Courts (Colonial) Jurisdiction Act, 1874.

32. Royal Military Asylum, Chelsea (Transfer) [E.]

Transfers the Asylum from Commissioners of Woods to Commissioners of Works.

33. Newcastle Chapter [E.]

Recites 41 & 42 Vict. c. 68., Bishoprics Act, 1878.

34. Elections (Hours op Poll) [U.K.]

Applies 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

, 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108., <fcc., Municipal Corporations (Ireland).

35. County op Dublin Jubobs' and Voters' Revision [I.]

Applies provisions of Acts regulating registration of parliamentary voters in counties in Ireland, &c.

36. Prisons (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 40 & 41 "Vict. c. 49., General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877.

37. Public Libraries [U.K.]

Amends 18 & 19 Vict. c. 70., ")

", 34 & 35 Vict c $£& fPublic Libraries (England) Acts, 1855 to 1877.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 54., J

30 & 31 Vict. c. 37., 1

34 & 35 Vict. c. 59., ! Public Libraries (Scotland) Acts, 1867 to 1877.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 54., J 18 & 19 Vict. c. 40., "I

40 & 41 Vict. c. 15., ! Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts, 1855 to 1877.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 54., J

38. Indian Marine Service [U.K.]

Provides for the regulation of Her Majesty's Indian Marine Service.

Applies 24 & 25 Vict. c. 67., Indian Councils Act; 1861.

39. Naval Discipline [U.K.]

Amends 29 & 30 Vict. c. 109., Naval Discipline Act, 1866.

Applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881.

Provides (in s. 7) for printing of Naval Discipline Act, 1866, as amended.

Repeals (with savings) the following .-

44. Geo 3. c. 13., Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others from His Majesty's Service.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. s. 16 in part, Punishment of Rogues and Vagabonds.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 109. in part. Discipline of the Navy.

40. Repormatory and Industrial Schools (Manx Children) [G.B.]

Applies 29 & 30 Vict. c. 117., Reformatory Schools Act, 1866.

41

29 f fO 1 Industrial Schools Acts, 1866 and 1880.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 15., J '

Building Societies [TJ.K.J

Amends 37 & 38 Vict. c. 42., Building Societies Act, 1874.

42. Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) [SJ

Amends 23 & 24 Vict. c. 79., Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Act, 1860.

Extends and applies Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) Acts.

Summary Jurisdiction [E.]

Repeals (with proviso) the enactments contained in the Schedule. [These enactments wiU be found in their chronological order in Table B. Seep. 295 et seq.J Repeals obsolete punishments for non-payment of fines, &c.

Removes doubts as to application of Summary Jurisdiction Acts, and as to expression "conrt of summary jurisdiction."

43

Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48 VICT

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict. (in order of Chapter), &c. — continued.

Ch.

43. Summary Jurisdiction [E.l — continued.

Removes doubts, also, as to effect of s. 227 of 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Cor. poratious Act, 1882) on s. 38 of 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. (Summary Jurisdiction Act* 1879), and as to effect of forms altered by rules made by the Lord Chancellor. ' Applies 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43., Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

Applies and extends 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49., Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

44. Naval Pensions [TJ.K.]

Preamble recites Acts relating to Naval Pensions, &c.

Amends 28 & 29 Vict. c. 73., Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1865.

, 28 & 29 Vict. c. 89., Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865.

Repeals (so far as it relates to Greenwich out-pensioners) 19 & 20 Vict. c. 15., Green.

wich and Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

Applies 28 & 29 Vict. cc. 73,. Ill, and 124, to Greenwich Hospital pensions.

45. National School Teachebs (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 42 & 43 Vict. c. 74., National School Teachers (Ireland) Act, 1879.

46. Naval Enlistment [UJL]

Amends 16 & 17 Vict. c. 69., Naval Enlistment Act, 1853.

Construes Act with Naval Enlistment Acts, 1835 and 1853.

Extends to Marines sections 16 and 21 of 16 and 17 Vict. c. 73., Naval Coast Yolnn. teers.

Applies s. 91 of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. (Army Act, 1881).

47. Contagious Diseases (Animals) — Transfer of Parts of Districts [TJ.K.]

Amends 41 & 42 Vict. c. 74., Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878.

48. Oyster Cultivation (Ireland) [I.]

Extends powers of Inspectors of Irish Fisheries, under 32 & 33 Vict. c. 92. (Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1869), to grant licenses for forming or planting oyster beds or layings.

Applies 7 & 8 Vict. c. 108., Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1844.

Extends Act to mussels.

49. Public Works Loans [TJ.K.]

Grants 3,000,OOOOZ. for Public Works Loans, and 1,200,000Z. for Public Works Loans in Ireland.

Grants 500,0001, to Irish Land Commission under 44 & 45 Vict. c. 49., Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, and under 46 & 47 Vict. c. 43., Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883.

Applies 38 & 39 Vict. c. 89., jPublic -Works Loans Acts, 1875 and 1879.

, 40 & 41 Vict. c. 27., Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877.

50. Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) [E.]

Amends, and applies, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 27., Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883.

, and applies, 32 & 33 Vict. c. 102., Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869.

, Acts regulating the sale of superfluous lands by the Board.

Construes Act with Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Acts, 1869 to 1871, and Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Acts, 1875 to 1883.

Applies Main Drainage Acts.

, 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

Empowers Board to expend moneys for purposes described in First Schedule.

51. Prisons [E.] . . f

Removes doubts as to powers of Seci'etary of State in relation to altering, &c. | Prisons, under 40 & 41 Vict. c. 21., Prison Act, 1877.

Repeals sections 23 to 29 of 28 & 29 Vict. c. 126.,' Prison Act, 1865.

52. Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance [E.] 1

Continues certain Turnpike Acts, and repeals certain other Turnpike Acts, as set f||k| in Schedules 1 to 6.

i Applies 23 & 24 Vict. c. 51., |j Locaj Taxation Returns Acts, 1860 and 1877.

I 58 & 39 Vict. c. 83., Local Loans Act, 1875.

, 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77., Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878.

289

Cu.

,53. Expiring Laws Continuance [U.K.]

Continues (as specified in Schedule) the following Acts, and enactments amending the same; viz. : —

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27., Linen, &c. Manufactures (Ireland)..

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89., Poor Rates (Stock in Trade Exemption).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35., Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commissioners (now Land Commis. sioners).

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59., Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32., Landed Property Improvement (Ireland).

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98., Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32., County Cess (Ireland).

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104., Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102., Corrupt Practices Prevention.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 19., Dwellings for Labouring Classes (Ireland).

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109., Salmon Fishery (England).

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105., Promissory Notes.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20., Promissory Notes, &c. (Ireland).

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46, Militia Ballots Suspension.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 83., Locomotives on Roads.

29 & 30 Vict. c. 52., Prosecution Expenses.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 125., Parliamentary Elections.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 21., Election Commissioners Expenses.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 56., Endowed Schools (Schemes).

34 & 35 Vict. c. 87., Sunday Observance Prosecutions.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 33., Parliamentary and Municipal Elections (Ballot).

-36 & 37 Vict. c. 48., Regulation of Railways.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 48., Police Expenses.

38 (c 39 Vict. c. 84., Returning Officers Expenses.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 21., Juries (Ireland).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 41., Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland).

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72., Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland).

43 Vict. c. 18., Parliamentary Elections.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 35., Diseases Prevention, Metropolis.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51., Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention.

54. Yorkshire Registries [E.]

Repeals (with proviso) the following Acts: —

2 & 3 Anne, c. 4., Registration of Deeds, <fcc. (W. R. York).

6 Anne, c. 20*., Inrolments of Bargains and Sales (W. R. York).

6 Anne, c. 62f., Registration of Deeds, &c. (E. R. York,^fec.)

8 Geo. 2. c. 6., Registration of Deeds, &c. (N. R. York).

Applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41., Conveyancing and Law of Property' Act, 1881.

, Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1876.

, 27 & 28 Vict. c. 114., Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

55. Pensions and Yeomanry Pay [E. & S.]

Repeals (with proviso) the following: —

44 Geo. 3. c. 54. in part. Yeomanry and Volunteers (Great Britain).

53 Geo. 3. c. 51., Relief of Widows of Military Officers from Stamp Duties on receipt of Pensions in Ireland.

7 Geo. 4. c. 58. s. 4, Yeomanry Cavalry and Volunteers (Great Britain).

19 & 20 Vict. c. 15J., Payment of Greenwich and Chelsea Out-Pensioners,

31 & 32 Vict. c. 90. s. 2, Payments by Public Departments.

Removes doubts respecting recovery of certain penalties and sums of money under Geo. 3. c. 54., Yeomanry Act, 1804.

Applies 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58., Army Act, 1881.

, in England, Summary Jurisdiction Acts, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49., &e.

, in Scotland, 27 & 28 Vict. c. 53. and 44 & 45 Vict. o. 33., Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts, 1864 and 1881.

* 5 Anne, c. 18. in Rufihead.

f c. 35. in Rufihead.

$ So far as the Act relates to Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

Effect of X.egrislctt'ion.. ^7 & Ik

Table A.-Acts of 47 &. 48 Vict. (in order of CVsaptci), &e.-continued

Oh.

56. Chaetebet Companies (^U.K.3

Declares the law relating to the Incorporation of Chartered Comipanieii nnAar a-e-

o- 78. ''tot. m

57. Supeeannu ATI ON ITT.K.Q

Extends certain power's of Superannuation Act Amendment Act, &, ae w- . '

c. 28.) . - v

Applies 22 Vict. o. 26.» Superannuation Act, 1859.

58. Fbosechtion or Opfences

Amends 42 & 43 "Vict. o. 22., Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879.

Extends 39 & 40 "Vict. o. 18-, Treasury Solicitor Act, 1876.

59. Cholera Hospitals (Ibulaud) [I.3

.Enables sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erectica cl temporary Cholera Hospitals.

60- Metropolitan Asilum Board [E.

Enables the JidCa.Lia.gers of tire CMCetro'polita.xi Asylums District to boTrotr for certfei \ purposes of the Diseases Prevention (J^tetro'polis') Act, 1883 (46 & 47 \ id. c.

-Apipjlies 30 & 31 "Vict. c. 6., Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867.

. 61. StPTiEWl'. CoTTLLT 02 JlTDICATUKE ViSl.j

-A mends Supreme Court of Jhoioature ActB (36 & 37 "Vict. c. 66., &o-V , 17 & 18 "Vict. c. 34*., Attendance of 'Witnesses.

, 39 & 40 "Vict. b. 59., Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876.

, and applies 17 & 18 "Vict. c. 125., Common Daw Procediire Ac.x, 155546.

, and extends 4-2 & 4*3 "Vict. c. 78., Supreme Court of 3ndicature (ymcetsl Aotj |

1879. *

Extends 13 & 14> "Vict. c. 25., Justices of Asaiae.

, 18 & 19 "Vict. c. 134*., Ooxtrt of Chancery, &o. _ .

, and. applies 36 & 37 "Vict. c. 66., Supreme Court of Judicatoie Act, lola. Applies 4- & 5 Will. 4. o. 24., Pensions, Civil Offices.

' 22 "Vict. o. 26., SuperanLmatAon..

, 44 & 45 "Vict. c. 68., Sxiprexn.e Court of Judicature Act, "VoSV.

62. Revenue tU.KJ «4',-fc a*

Amends tlae Law relating to the Cuatoms and Inland, heienue ancio. to toe Audi RTLblic Accounts. *

Rerfleals b. Ill and. part of s. 142 of 39 & 40 "Vict. c. ^6., CustoxoB Coufeoh Act, 1876.

Amends and applies 48 & 44 "Vict. c. 19., Taxes M-auagemeut Act, AeeO.

, 30 & 31 "Vict. o. 23., Customs and Inland "Revenue Act, 1S61 »

, 33 & 34 "Vict. c. 97., Stamp Act, 1870. . '

, 29 & 30 "Vict. c. 39., Exchequer and Audit DepartmeudB Act, ISSSfoV

Cons times Part 1. of Act .with. Customs Consolidation Act, 1.87 e, and "P art "i. Act, 1883 (46 & 47 "Vict. c. 55.) ;

63. Trusts (Scotland) dv., \--

Amends, extends, and construes Act with 24 & 25 "Vict. c. 84., 20 and 30 & 31 "Vict. c. 97a, Trusts (Scotland) Acts.

Applies 30 & 31 "Vict. c. 132., Trust Ponds Act, 1867.

64. Criminal Lunatics [E. (Certain express provisions extend to Scotian

Repeals (in whole or in part) the following Acts: —

3 & 4 "Vict. c. 54., Confinement and Maintenance oi Insane 6 & 7 Vict. c. 26. s. 21, Miilbank. Prison.

16 & 17 "Vict. c. 96. s. 38 in*part, Care and Treatment oil 23 & 24 "Vict. c. 75. in part. Criminal Lunatic Asylums. 25 & 26 "Vict, c.' 86. s. 15, Lunacy "Regulation Act, 18fi2i. 27 & 28 "Vict. c. 29., Confinement and "Maintenance oi 1

29 & 80 Vict., c. 109. in part, 15aval Discipline Act, Tl®

30 & 31 Vict. c. 12., Criminal Lvmatice Act, ASfil.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 78., Criminal Lunatics Act, \8fi2.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58. in part, Army Act, ISSL

46 & 47 Vict. c. 38. in part, Trial of Lunatics Act, 1

291

64. Criminal Lunatics [E. (Certain express provisions extend to Scotland and Ireland)] . — continued.

I?:. Applies 8 & 9 Vict. c. 100., Lunacy Act, 1845. . '

, 16 & 17 Vict. c. 97., Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853.

, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 75., Criminal Lunatic Asylums Act, 1860.

, 25 & 26 Vict. c. 54., Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1862..

0 , 25 & 26 Vict. c. 86., Lunacy Regulation Act, 1862.

ttv. , 38 & 39 Vict. c. 67., Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1875.

65. New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts Amendment [E.]

Amends New Parishes Acts; viz., 6 & 7 Vict. c. 37., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 94., 19 & 20 Vict.

c. 104., and 32 & 33 Vict. c. 94.

Amends Church Building Acts; viz., 58 Geo. 3. c. 45., 59 Geo. 3. c. 134., 3 Geo. 4. c. 72., 5 Geo. 4. c. 103., 7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72., 1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 38., 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 61., 1 & 2 Vict. c. 107., 2 & 3 Vict. c. 49., 3 & 4 Vict. c. 60., 7 & 8 Vict. c. 56., 8 & 9 Vict. c. 70., 9 & 10 Vict. c. 68., 11 & 12 Vict. c. 37., 14 & 15 Vict. c. 97., 17 & 18 Hi . . Vict. c. 32., 19 & 20 Vict. c. 55., and 32 & 33 Vict. c. 94.

66. Bishopric of Bristol [E.]

Provides for the disunion of the Sees of Gloucester and Bristol.

Applies 41 & 42 Vict. c. 68., Bishoprics Act, 1878.

. 67. Improvement of' Lands (Ecclesiastical Benefices) [E.]

Applies 27 & 28 Vict. c. 114., Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

68. Matrimonial Causes [E.] .

Amends the Matrimonial Causes Acts with respect to the restitution of conjugal rights.

69. Cholera, &c. Protection (Ireland) [I.]

Applies 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

, 46 & 47 Vict. c. 59., Epidemic and other Diseases Prevention Act, 1883.

, Acts for Relief of the Poor in Ireland.

70. Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) [E.]

Repeals s. 33 of 33 & 34 Vict. c. 75., Elementary Education Act, 1870.

, in part, and applies, 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50., Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. Applies 46 & 47. Vict. c. 51., Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883.

, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 105-,. Poor Law Amendment Act, 1851.

' , 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act', 1875.

, 5 & 6 Vict. c. 57., Poor Law Amendment Act, 1842.

Limits duration of Act to the end of the year 1886.

. Sets forth (in Third Schedule) the enactments defining Corrupt Practices, Bribery, <fcc.

71. Intestates Estates 5£E. & I.]

Applies 39 & 40 Vict. c. 18., Treasury Solicitor Act, 1876.

, 15 <fc 16 Vict. c. 55., Trustee Act Extension.

72. Disused Burial Grounds [E.]

Prevents the erection of buildings on certain disused burial grounds affected by Orders in Council made in pursuance of 15 & 16 Vict. c. 85. and 16 & 17 Vict. c. 134., Burial of the Dead.

73. Appropriation [U.K.]

74. Public Health (Officers) . [E.j

Amends 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55., Public Health Act, 1875.

75. Canal Boats [Ei]

Amends 40 & 41 Vict. c. 60., Canal Boats Act, 1877.

76. Post Office (Protection) [U.K.]

Repeals 7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 36. in part. Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

, 3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. in part. Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840.

, 38 & 39 Vict. c. 22. s. 10. in part, Post Office Act, 1875.

, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. s. 53 in part, Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 20. s. 7, Post Office (Land) Act, 1881.

, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 33. s. 11 in part. Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1881.

Amends 41 & 42 Vict. c. 26., Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878.

T 2 *

292

Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48 y;

Table A. — Acts of 47 & 48 Vict. (in order of Chapter), Sic. — continued.

ict.

Ch.

76. Post Office (Protection) [U.K.] — continued.

Applies 32 & 33 Vict. c. 73., Telegraph Act, 1869.

., 38 & 39 Vict. c. 22. Post Office Act, 1875.

, 7 Will. 4 & 1 Vict. c. 36., Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837.

, in England, Summary Jurisdiction English) Acts, 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49., &<>.

, in Scotland, 27 & 28 Vict. c. 53. and 44 & 45 Vict. c. 33., Summary Juris.

diction (Scotland) cts, 1864 and 1881.

, in Ireland, 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93., Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, &c. Substitutes 32 & 33 Vict. c. 18. s. 1 in Telegraph Act, 1878, for 31 & 32 Vict. c.119.

77. Public Health (Ireland) [I.]

Amends 41 & 42 Vict. c. 52., Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878.

Applies 34 & 35 Vict. c. 109., Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1871.

, r Corrupt Practices (Suspension of Elections) [E.]

Suspends elections for Boston, Canterbury, Chester, Gloucester, Macclesfield, Oxford, and Sandwich.

(B.)

Acts of former Sessions (in Chronological Order) Repealed and Amended by Acts of 47 & 48 Vict.

(For enactments repealed by the Summary Jurisdiction Act (Chap. 43.), see p. 295, post.)

Act repealed or amended. | Subject-matter. St1 How affected. Chapter of 47 & 48 Vict.

27 Hen. 8. c. 11. - Clerks of the Signet and Privy j Seal. Repealed - 30

2 & 3 Anne, c. 4. - ' Registration of Deeds, &c. Repealed - 54

d^Anne, c. 16. - - | Brokers (City of London) Amended - 3 1

c. 20*

, o. 62.+

| Geo. 2. c. 6. Geo. 3. c. 13.

, c. 54. in part

53 Geo. 3. c. 51.

57 Geo. 3. c. lx.

58 Geo. 3. c. 45.

59 Geo. 3. c. 134.

I Geo. 4. c. 72.

I Geo. 4. c. 83. s. 16 in part

_ *> | 103.

7 Geo. 4. c. 58.11 |

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 72

Inrolments of Bargains and Sales | Repealed -Registration of Deeds, &c. - Repealed -

Registration of Deeds, &c. - Repealed -

Desertion, &c. of Seamen, &c. Repealed - from His Majesty's Service.

Yeomanry and Volunteers (Great Repealed -Britain).

Stamp Duties Exemptions (Ire- Repealed -land).

Gauger (City of London): Amended -

Brokers.

Church Building- - - Amended -

| Church Building - - - Amended -

! Church Building - - - Amended -

Punishment of Rogues and Repealed -I Vagabonds.

i Church Building - - - Amended -

i Yeomanry Cavalry and Volun- Repealed -teers (Great Britain).

Church Building... Amended -

54

54

54 39

55 55

65

65

65

39

65

65

* 5 Anne, c. 18. in Ruffhead, t c. 35. in Fuffhead.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. I How affeci i Chapter of 47 & 48 Vict.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 38. - Church Building - Amended - I 65

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 61. - Church Building - - Amended 65

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 36. in Post Office (Offences) Act, 1837 Repealed 76

part. 1 & 2 Vict. c. 107. - Church Building - J Amended 65

2 & 3 Vict. c. 49. Church Building - I Amended 65

3 & 4 Vict. c. 64. Insane Prisoners - I Repeal 64

, c. 60. Church Building - Amended 6*5 .

, c. 96. in part 6 & 7 Vict. c. 26. s. 21 Post Office (Duties) Act, 1840 - Repealed 1 76

Millbank Prison - Repealed 64

, c. 37. New Parishes - Amended - 65

7 & 8 Vict. c. 56. Church Building - Amended - 65

, c. 94. New Parishes ... Amended - 65

8 & 9 Vict. c. 70. Church Building - Amended - 65

9 & 10 Vict. c. 68. Church Building - Amended - 65

11 & 12 Vict. c. 37. - Church Building ... Amended - 65

14 & 15 Vict. c. 82. - Forms of Appointments, &c. (Great Seal). Repealed - 30

c. 97. - Church Building - Amended - 65

16 & 17 Vict. c. 69. - Naval Enlistment Act, 1853 Amended - 46

>> C. 96. s. 38 in Care and Treatment of Lunatics Repealed - 64

part. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 32. - Church Building - Amended - 65

, c. 34. - Attendance of Witnesses Amended - 61

, c. 125. - Common Law Procedure Act, 1854. Amended - 61

18 & 19 Vict. c. 40. - Public Libraries (Ireland) Amended - 37

, c. 70. - Public Libraries (England) Amended - 37

19 & 20 Vict. c. 2. Metropolitan Police Amended - 17

, c. 15. - Greenwich and Chelsea Out-Pensioners. Repealed* 44 and 55-

, c. 55. - Church Building- Amended - 65

, c. 104. -20 & 21 Vict. c. 39., 1 37 & 38 Vict. c. 41., J New Parishes ... Amended - 65

Colonial Attorneys Belief Act - Amended - 1 24

23 & 24 Vict. c. 75. in part - Criminal Lunatic Asylums Repealed - I 64

c. 79. 24 & 25 Vict. c. 84. 1 Sheriff Court Houses (Scotland) 1 Amended - 42

Trusts (Scotland) - - 1 Amended - 63

IK 26 Vict. c. 86. s. 15. Lunacy Regulation Act, 1862 Repealed - 64

26 & 27 Vict. c. 115. - Trusts (Scotland) Amended - 63

27 & 28 Vict. c. 29. - Insane Prisoners - - - j Repealed - 64

28 & 29 Vict. c. 73. - Naval and Marine Pay and Pen- i sions. Amended - 44

., c. 89. - Greenwich Hospital - ± Amended - 44

c. 126. ss. 23 to 29 Prison Act, 1865 - - - J Repealed - 51

29 & 30 Vict. c. 39. - Exchequer and Audit Depart- A ments Act, 1866. mended - 62

, c. 109. - Naval Discipline Act, 1866 A mended - 39. and 64

, c. 114. - Public Libraries (England) - A mended - 37

30 & 31 Vict. c. 12. | Criminal Lunatics Act, 1867 - 1 »epealed - 64

c. 23. | Cuetoms and Inland Revenue A Act, 1867. mended - 62

c. 37. - Public Libraries (Scotland) - A mended - 37

, c. 97. - Trusts (Scotland) - - 1 Amended - 63

* By chapter so far as the Act relates to Greenwich out-pensiouers, and by chapter 5.3 so far as it relates to Chelsea out-pensioners.

294 Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48 vICT

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected. Chapter of 47 & 48 Vict

1 31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. - Sea Fisheries Act, 1868 - Amended - 27

, c. 67. - Police Rate Act, 1868 - Amended - 17

, c. 90. s. 2 Payments by Public Departments. Repealed - 55

32 & 33 Vict. c. 42. - Irish Church Act, 1869 - Amended - 10

, c. 67. - Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869 Amended - 5

, c. 78. I Criminal Lunatics Act, 1869 Repealed - 64 65 50 Q

, c. 94. - New Parishes, &c. Amended -

, c. 102. § Metropolitan Board of Works (Loans) Act, 1869. Amended -

33 & 34 Vict. c. 60. - London Brokers' Relief Act, 1870. Amended - 70 62

, c. 75. s. 33 - Elementary Education Act, 1870 Repealed -

, c. 97. I Stamp Act, 1870 - Amended - 37

34 & 35 Vict. c. 59. - Public Libraries (Scotland) Amended - 37

1 c. 71. 1 Public Libraries (England) Amended - 7

35 & 36 Vict. c. 23. 1 isle of Man Harbours Act, 1872 - Amended - 61

36 I 37 Vict. c. 66., &c. Supreme Court of Judicature Acts. Amended - 7

37 & 38 Vict. c. 8. - Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1874 - Amended - 41

, c. 42. - Building Societies Amended - 76

38 & 39 Vict. c. 22. s. 10 in part. Post Office Act, 1875 Repealed - 17

, c. 28. - Metropolitan Police Staff (Superannuation) Act, 1875. Amended -

, c. 55. - Public Health Act, 1875 - Amended -

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36. s. Ill, and part of s. 142. Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 Repealed - 61

, c. 59. - Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876 Amended - 37

40 & 41 Vict. c. 15. - Public Libraries (Ireland) Amended - 26

, c. 42. - .Fisheries (Oyster, &c.) Act, 1877 Amended - 30

, o. 49. - General Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1877. Amended - 37

, c. 54. - Public Libraries - Amended - 75

, c. 60. - Canal Boats Act, 1877 Amended - 6

, c. ccxxxiv. Dublin Science and Art Museum Act, 1877. Amended - 76

41 & 42 Vict. c. 26. - Parliamentary and Municipal Registration Act, 1878. Amended - 1* 77

, c. 39. - Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878 - Amended -

, c. 52. - Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878. Amended - §R

, c. 74. - Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878. Amended - 50 .

42 & 43 Vict. c. 22. - Prosecution of Offences Act, 1879. Amended - 76

, c. 49. s. 53 in part. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879 Repealed - 45

, c. 74. - National School Teachers (Ireland). 1 Amended - 6*

, c. 78. - Supreme Court of Judicature (Officers) Act, 1879. Amended - § 62

43 & 44 Vict. e. 10. s. 3 Great Seal Act, 1880 Repealed - 76

» c. 19. - Taxes Management Act, 1880 - Amended - 71

44 & 45 Vict. c. 20. s. 7. Post Office (Land) Act, 1881 Repealed -

»> o. 33. s. 11 in Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Repealed - A6* gfffi

part. Act, 1881.

fy O. 54. Indian Loan Act, 1881 - Repealed -

, c. 58. - Army Act, 1881 - - - | Amended -

295

jg84. Effect of Legislation.

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed or amended. Subject-matter. How affected Chapter of 147 & 48 Vict.

45 A 46 Vict. c. 38. - Settled Land Act, 1882 - Amended - 18

, c. 50. in part - Municipal Corporations Act, 1882. Repealed - 70

, c. 75. - Married Women's Property Act, 1882. Amended - 14

46 A 47 Vict. c. 27. - Metropolitan Board of Works (Money) Act, 1883. Amended - 50

, c. 38. in part - Trial of Lunatics Act, 1883 Repealed - 64

, c. 43. - Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883. Amended - 28

, c. 52. - Bankruptcy Act, 1883 - Amended - 9

, c. 54. s. 7 National Debt Act, 1883 - Repealed - 2

Enactments repealed by the Su/mmary Jurisdiction Act, 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43 .

(This Schedule down to the year 1868 refers to the Statutes, Revised Edition, published by authority under the direction of the Statute Law Committee).

47A&48ePvSdcb43. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

3 Will. A Mar. c. 11. s. 9 in pt. 7 & 8 Will. 3. o. 6. in pt.

I Anne, Stat. 2, c. 22. ss. 1

and in pt. 9 Geo. 1. c. 27. in pt.

12 Geo. 1. o. 34. in pt.

II Geo. 2. c. 19. ss. 4 and 5

in pt.

12 Geo. 2. e. 28. in pt.

13 Geo. 2. o. 8. in pt.

15 Geo. 2. o. 27. ss. 1 and 2 in pt.

19 Geo. 2. c. 21. in pt. -22 Geo. 2. o. 27. in pt.

27 Geo. 2. o. 7. in pt.

5 Geo. 3. c. 51. in pt.

14 Geo. 3. c. 25. in pt.

e. 44. in pt. - -

15 Geo. 3. c. 14.

17 Geo. 3. c. 11. in pt. -L o. 29. in pt. - -

o. 55. s. 3, and s. 8 in pt. , o. 56. in pt.

24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 3. in pt.

25 Geo. 3. c. 40. in pt.

26 Geo. 3. c. 71. in pt. -31 Geo. 3. c. 56. in pt.

Settlement of the Poor.

More easy Recovery of small Tythes.

Abuses and Frauds in Woollen, Ac. and Iron Manufactures.

Preventing journeymen Shoemakers selling, Ac. Boots, Shoes, Ac.

Unlawful Combinations of Workmen in Woollen Manufactures, Ac.

Payment of Rents and preventing Frauds by Tenants.

Preventing excessive and deceitful gaming.

Amending 1 Anne, Stat. 2, c. 22.

Stealing in the night-time Cloth or Woollen Goods on the Rack or Tenters, &e.

Profane Cursing and Swearing.

Frauds and Abuses in manufacture of Hats, and in Woollen, Ac. Manufactures. Unlawful Combinations of journeymen Dyers, Ac.

Frauds and Abuses in manufacture of Clocks and Watches. Woollen Cloth Manufacture, Ac.

Frauds and Embezzlements in Woollen Manufactory. Amending 22 Geo. 2. c. 27.

Amending 14 Geo. 3. c. 44.

Frauds and Abuses in manufactures of Combing Wool, Ac. Preventing manufacture of Ash, Elder, and other leaves in imitation of Tea, Ac.

Regulating the Hat Manufactory.

Frauds and Abuses in manufacture of Hats, and in Woollen,

Ac. Manufactures. Frauds by journeymen Dyers.

j- Frauds and Abuses in manufactures of Combing Wool, Ac.

Slaughtering Horses.

Abuses and Frauds in manufactures of Combing Wool, Ac.

Act repealed by 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43.

Subject-matter of Act repealed.

32 Geo. 3. c. 56. in pt. - - Counterfeiting Certificates of Characters of Servants.

, c. 57. in pt. - - I Regulation of Parish Apprentices.

33 Geo. 3. c. 55. s. 1 in pt., Pines on Constables, Overseers, and other officers for neglect

and s. 2. of duty, &c.

36 Geo. 3. c. 60. in pt. - - Making and vending of Metal Buttons.

, c. 85. s. 8 in pt., and Better Regulation of Mills,

s. 10.

, c. 88. in pt. -39 Geo. 3. c. 79. in pt. -39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 77. s. 8, and s. 10 in pt. 41 Geo. 3. c. 109. s. 39 in pt.

(U.K.)

Buying and selling of Hay and Straw. Suppression of Seditious and Treasonable Security of Collieries and Mines, &c.

Inclosure Acts Consolidation.

Societies..

42 Geo. 3. c. 46. in pt. -, c. 56. in pt.

, c. 119. s. 6 in pt.

44 Geo. 3. c. 54. ss. 45 and 52 in pt.

48 Geo. 3. c. 75. in pt. -52 Geo. 3. c. 155. ss. 15 and 16 in pt.

54 Geo. 3. c. 159. in pt.

55 Geo. 3. c. 137. ss. 8 and 9

in pt.

56 Geo. 3. c. 139. in pt.

57 Geo. 3. c. 19. in pt.

. c. 93. in pt. -59 Geo. 3. c. 7. in pt.

3 Geo. 4. c. 126. in pt. - -

4 Geo. 4. c. 60. s. 38, and s. 67

in pt.

c. 80. ss. 29 and 30. -c. 95. s. 83, and s. 87 in pt.

Register of Parish Apprentices, &c.

Stamp Duties on Medicines.

Suppression of unauthorised Games and Lotteries. Consolidating Acts relating to Yeomanry and Volunteers is Great Britain.

Interment of human bodies cast on shore from the Sea. Religious Worship and Assemblies.

Regulation of Ports, Harbours, &c. in United Kingdom, aud of His Majesty's Docks, &c. therein.

Embezzling Property by poor persons in Workhouses. Poor Relief.

Binding of Parish Apprentices.

Preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

Costs of Distresses levied for Payment of small Rents. Cutlery Trade (England).

Turnpike Roads (England).

Lotteries.

East India Company. Registration of Vessels (India). Turnpike Roads (England).

5 Geo. 4- c. 83. in pt. - * - Punishment of Rogues and Vagabonds (England).

6 Geo. 4. c. 50. s. 56, and s. 57 Jurors and Juries.

in pt.

9 Geo. 4. c. 69. in pt.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 22. in pt.

, c. 32. inpt.

, c. 37. in pt.

- ' , c. 41. in pt.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 120. in pt.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 90. s. 62, and

s. 63 in pt.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 76. in pt.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 50. in pt.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 11. s. lOin pt.

, c. 37. in pt.

, c. 86. ss. 46 and

47 in pt.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 36.inpt.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71. in pt.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 50. in pt.

, c. 84. in pt.

, jjj c. 85. in pt.

| c. 97. ss. 13 and 16 in pt.

Destruction of Game.

Hackney Carriages, &c. Hawkers and Pedlars.

Game Laws.

Prohibiting Payment of Wages in Goods.

Appointment of special Constables. Preservation of the Peace. Duties on Stage Carriages, &c.

Lighting and watching of Parishes in England and Wales.

Poor Laws (England and Wales).

Highways (England).

Registration of Aliens.

Making and Sale of Bread.

Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (England).

Offences against the Post Office.

Metropolitan Police Courts.

Canal Police.

Powers of Justices within Metropolitan Police District. Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys.

Regulation of Railways.

Act repealed by 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 30. in pt. Ordnance Survey.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 100. s. 8 in pt., Copyright of Designs.

and s. 13.

, c. 109. s. 24 Parish Constables.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 30. in pt. Pound-breach and Rescue.

, c. 40. in pt. Frauds and Abuses in "Woollen, &c. Manufactures.

, c. 68. s. 19 in pt. Regulating Theatres.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 101. s. 4 in pt. Poor Law Amendment.

, c. 87. ss. 7 and 9 Slaughtering Horses.

in pt.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 10. s. 3. Bastardy, Law of.

, c. 16. in pt. Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845-

, c. 18. in pt. Lanas Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

, c. 20. in pt. Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

, c. 77. in pt. Masters and Workmen (Hosiery).

, c. 100. in pt. Care and Treatment of Lunatics.

, c. 109. ss. 11 and Games and Wagers.

20 in pt.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 95. in pt. Small Debts, for the more easy Recovery of

10 & 1*1 Vict. c. 16. s. 71 inpt. Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

, c. 38. ss. 16 and -»*y Drainage of Land (England and Wales).

, c. 62. in pt. Naval Prisons. Desertion from the Navy.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. in pt. Justice, Administration of.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 14. s. 9. Costs of distraining for Rates.

, c. 45. s. 1 in pt. Procedure in Courts of General and Quarter Sessions-

, c. 92. in pt. Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 81. s. 46 Assessment and Collection of County Rates.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 33. in pt. - Metropolitan Stage and Hackney Carriages.

c. 73. s. 23 in pt. Naval Coast Volunteers.

, c. 97. s. 128 in pt. Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853.

, c. 119. in pt. - Suppression of Betting Houses.

, c. 128. ss. 1 and Smoke Nuisance Abatement, Metropolis.

2 in pt.

17 & 13 Vict. c. 38. in pt. Suppression of Gaming Houses.

, c. 104. s. 518. Merchant Shipping Act, 1854.

sub-section (4.) in pt.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119. in pt. - Passengers Act, 1855.

, c. 120. ss. 231 j Metropolis Management Act, 1855.

and 232 in pt.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 40. s. 24 in pt. Seamen Reserve Volunteer Force.

, c. 66. s. 22 in pt. Gas, Sale of.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 32. s. 4 in pt. Ecclesiastical Courts Jurisdiction.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96. in pt. Larceny Act, 1861.

c. 97. in pt. Malicious Injuries to Property.

c. 99. s. 32 in pt. Coinage Offences.

c. 110. s.llinpt. Old Metal Dealers Act, 1861.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 61. s. 47inpt. Eighways (England).

o. 114. ss. 5 and Prevention of Poaching.

6 in pt.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 65. s. 48inpt. Volunteer Act, 1863.

, c. 103. in pt. - Misappropriation by Servants.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 121. s. 66 in pt. Salmon Fishery Act, 1865.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 45. s. 58 in pt. Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 112. s. 6inpt. Adulteration of Seeds Act, 1869.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 31. s. 20 inpt. frade Union Act, 1871.

, c. 105. s. 15 in pt. J Petroleum Act, 1871.

c. 112. s. 17inpt.; Prevention of Crime Act, 1871.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 38. s. 11 in pt. nfant Life Protection Act, 1872.

298

Effect of Legislation. 47 & 48

Table B. — Acts of former Sessions repealed and amended — continued.

Act repealed by 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. Subject-matter of Act repealed.

35 & 36 Vict. c. 50. s. 6 in pt. , c. 76. ss. 61 and 63 in pt. , c. 77. ss. 32 and 34 in pt. , c. 93. s. 52 in pt., and s. 54. , o.94. in pt. 36 & 37 Vict. o. 77. in pt. tt c. 86. s. 24 in pt. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 67. s. 6 in pt. 38 & 39 Vict. c. 17. s. 93inpt. c. 55. s. 252, and ' s. 269 in pt. o. 60. s. 33 in pt. c. 63. s. 23 in pt. " c. 86. s. 12 in pt. 39 & 40 Vict. c. 45. s. 19 in pt. J} c. 77. s. 16 in pt. 41 & 42 Vict. o. 16. ss. 90 and 91 in pt. o. 49. ss. 57 and 60 in pt. c. 74. ss. 64 and 66 in pt. c. 77.s.37inpt. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 49. ss. 31 and 32 in pt. 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. s. 227 in pt. Railway Bolling Stock Protection Act, 1872. Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1872. Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872. Pawnbrokers Act, 1872. Licensing Act, 1872. Naval Artillery Volenteer Act, 1873. Elementary Education Act, 1873. Slaughter-houses, &c. (Metropolis) Act, 1874. Explosives Act, 1875. Public Health Act, 1875. Friendly Societies Act, 1875. Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875. Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act, 1875. Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1876. Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876. Factory and Workshop Act, 1878. Weights and Measures Act, 1878. Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878. Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878. Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879. Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

[Index removed.]

