THE

LAW REPORTS.

THE PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE SIXTY-FOURTH YEAR

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA

AND IN THE FIRST YEAR

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING EDWARD THE SEVENTH.

1901.

VOL. XXXIX.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE,

FOR

T. DIGBY PIGOTT, Esq., C.B., PRINTER TO HIS MAJESTY OF ALL ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published for the Council of Law Reporting,

By WILLIAM CLOWES AND SONS, Limited,

DUKE STREET, STAMFORD STREET; AND 14, CHARING CROSS.

PUBLISHING OFFICE, 27, FLEET STREET, E.C.

1901.

CONTENTS.

Table Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Second Session 1900 - iii

Ia. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session 1901 - iv

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

II. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts passed during the Session - 175

III. Table showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation on Public General Acts - 205

IV. Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 208

V. Index to the Public General Acts - 220

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the First Session of the Twenty-Seventh Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

64 VICTORIA. A.D. 1900.

1. AN Act to provide for raising a further Supplemental Loan for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day-of March nineteen hundred and one. (Supplemental War Loan (No. 2).)

2. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

TABLE Ia.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Second Session of the Twenty-Seventh Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

1 EDWARD VII. A.D. 1901.

1. AN Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred one thousand nine hundred and one and one thousand nine hundred and two. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

2. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).)

3. An Act to amend subsection (1) of section nine of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, and subsection (2) of section forty-three of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896. (Purchase of Land (Ireland).)

4. An Act to make provision for the honour and dignity of the Crown and the Royal Family, and for the payment of certain allowances and pensions. (Civil List.)

5. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Holding of Offices in case of the Demise of the Crown. (Demise of the Crown.)

6. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).)

7. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year. (Finance.)

8. An Act to amend the Isolation Hospitals Act, 1893. (Isolation Hospitals.)

9. An Act to regulate the Employment and Attendance of Children at School in Scotland. (Education (Scotland).)

10. An Act to amend the Larceny Act, 1861. (Larceny.)

11. An Act for enabling local authorities to empower School Boards temporarily to carry on certain schools; and for sanctioning certain School Board expenses. (Education.)

12. An Act to provide for raising Money for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and two. (Loan.)

13. An Act to continue the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, the Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Act, 1899, the Agricultural Rates, Congested Districts and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896, and the Local Taxation Account (Scotland) Act, 1898. (Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, &c., Continuance.)

14. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Militia and Yeomanry. (Militia and Yeomanry.)

15. An Act to enable His most gracious Majesty to make an Addition to the Royal Style and Titles in recognition of His Majesty's dominions beyond the seas. (Royal Titles.)

16. An Act for the acquisition of certain land near the National Gallery in London and for purposes connected therewith. (National Gallery (Purchase of Adjacent Land).)

17. An Act to amend the Law relating to Lunatics in Ireland. (Lunacy (Ireland).)

18. An Act to amend the Law with reference to International Arrangements for Patents. (Patents.)

19. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Public Libraries, Museums and Gymnasiums, and to regulate the Liability of Managers of Libraries to Proceedings for Libel. (Public Libraries.)

20. An Act to amend the Law relating to Youthful Offenders and for other purposes connected therewith. (Youthful Offenders.)

21. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

22. An Act to consolidate with Amendments the Factory and Workshop Acts. (Factory and Workshop.)

23. An Act for legalizing Marriages heretofore solemnized in certain Churches and Places. (Marriages Legalization.)

24. An Act to amend the Law in regard to the Sewerage and Drainage and Water Supply of Burghs in Scotland. (Burgh Sewerage, Drainage and Water Supply (Scotland).)

25. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the purpose of paying off or redeeming Debentures of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Company. (East India Loan (Great Indian Peninsula Railway Debentures).)

26. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Districts for registration purposos and the appointment of Superintendent Registrars of Births and Deaths in certain Unions. (Births and Deaths Registration.)

27. An Act to prevent the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors to Children. (Intoxicating Liquors (Sale to Children).)

28. An Act to amend sections fifty-four, fifty-six, fifty-seven and seventy-one of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, and to make provision with respect to the making of rates in certain urban districts in Ireland. (Local Government (Ireland).)

29. An Act to confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures. (Colonial Acts Confirmation.)

30. An Act to extend the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Act 1889. (Purchase of Land (Ireland) (No. 2).)

31. An Act to provide for the Construction and Working of a Submarine Cable from the Island of Vancouver to New Zealand and to Queensland. (Pacific Cable.)

32. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

33. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

34. An Act to amend the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Acts. (Congested Districts Board (Ireland).)

35. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.)

36. An Act to provide for the Payment of another of the Light Railway Commissioners. (Light Railway Commissioners (Salaries).)

37. An Act to make provision with respect to Valuation Lists and Rates in cases of a re-valuation under section sixty-five of the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898. (Valuation (Ireland).)

38. An Act to amend the Steam Trawling (Ireland) Act, 1889. (Fisheries (Ireland).)

39. An Act to make further provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy. (Naval Works.)

40. An Act to make further provision for Defraying the Expenses of certain Military Works and other Military Services. (Military Works.)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

64 Victoria. Session 2, 1900.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to provide for raising a further Supplemental Loan for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and one.

[15th December 1900.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

---

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies granted to Your Majesty, have resolved that sums not exceeding eleven million pounds be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) In addition to the sums authorised to be raised by the War Loan Act, 1900, and by the Supplemental War Loan Act, 1900, any further sums required for raising the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and one, or for paying off any security issued under this Act, may be raised up to an amount not exceeding eleven million pounds, by all or any of the following methods, namely, by means of the issue of a further Supplemental War Loan or by means of the issue of Treasury Bills or Exchequer Bonds.

(2.) The further Supplemental War Loan under this Act shall be raised in the same manner as the Special War Loan under the War Loan Act, 1900, by the issue of War Stock or War Bonds as provided by that Act, and that Act shall apply with respect to the further Supplemental War Loan under this Act as it applies with respect tc the Special War Loan.

(3.) The Treasury may fix the date from which dividends are to be payable on any War Stock or War Bonds issued for the purpose of the further Supplemental War Loan under this Act, and the date so fixed shall, as regards any War Stock or War Bonds so

b

Further borrowing

for purpose of supply for year 1900-1. 68 & 64 Vict. c. 9.

68 & 64 Vict. c. 61.

[Short title.]

Issue of 16,000,000*. out of

Consolidated Fund.

Power for Treasury to borrow.

Ch. 1. Supplemental War Loan (No. 2) Act, 1900. 64 Vict.

issued, be substituted in section four of the War Loan Act, 1900, for the sixth day of April nineteen hundred.

(4.) The principal of and the interest on any Exchequer Bonds issued under tins Act shall be charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof.

2. This Act may be cited as the Supplemental War Loan (No. 2} Act. 1900.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[15th December 1900.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Ibis present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the sam e, as follows:

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, the sum of sixteen million pounds.

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of sixteen million pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

1900.

Appropriation Act, 1900, Session 2.

Ch. 2.

xi

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty, amounting, as appears by Schedule (A.), in the aggregate, to the sum of sixteen million pounds, are appropriated and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of this Act, for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated to military services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course, the department entrusted with the control over the said service shall forthwith make application in writing to the Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same department, and in such application the department shall represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the military department has obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said department* shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for army services.

5. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1900, Session 2.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for army services be not exceeded.

[Short title.]

Ch. 2.

Appropriation Act, 1900, Session 2.

64 Vict.

xii

ABSTRACT

or

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - 16,000,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

Army Supplementary, 1900-1901 ---- 16,000,000

Sohed. (A.)

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ending 31st March 1901: —

Under this Act -

16,000,000

Scurd. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.)

Army

mentory), ARMY (SUPPLEMENTARY), 1900-1901.

1900-1901.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure due to the war in South Africa and to affairs in China, during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1901; vi*.: —

Vote 6. Transport and remounts - 5, 300,000

Vote 7. Provisions, forage, and other supplies - 4, 250,000

Vote 8. Clothing establishments and services - 750,000

Vote 9. Warlike and other stores - - 4, 700,000

Vote 10. Works, Ac.: Cost (including staff for

engineer Services) - - ... 1,000,000

Total - - £16,000,000

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

1 Edward 7.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred, one thousand nine hundred and one, and one thousand nine hundred and two.

[29th March 1901.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the issue of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards of the Con2 3-*'°nt making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of X?£r^ced the years ending on the 31st day of March one thousand nine hundred and one thousand nine hundred and one, the sum of five March W million two hundred and twenty-nine thousand three hundred and a, ld 1901 fifty-five pounds two shillings.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the iywgof^ United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards of the Con-making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of

the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand endin/siNt nine hundred and two the sum of forty-four million seven hundred Manh im. and twenty-one thousand five hundred pounds.

3. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of Power to England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury (^borrow117 on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in

the whole the sum of forty-nine million nine hundred and fifty thousand eight hundred and fifty-five pounds two shillings, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the

a 18618.

2

Ch. 1, 2.

Consolidated Fund Act (No. 1), 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

[Short title.]

growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

* Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of tlm account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund Act (No. 1), 1901.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[29th April 1901.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number, of such forces should consist of four hundred and fifty thousand, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within His Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline bo observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences

1901

Army (Animal) Act, 1901. Ch. 2.

3

to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand 44 & 45 Vict, nine hundred and one on the following days:c* 58-

(a.) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and (6.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and (c.) Elsewhero, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1901. short title.

2. — (1.) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the Army Act

periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise ^ict *

provided by Parliament; that is to say, £forcefor

(a.) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the specified times. Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and one to the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and two, both inclusive; and (b.) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and one to the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and two, both inclusive; and (c.) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and one to the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and two, both inclusive.

(2.) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions.

(3.) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for Prices in

the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act aspect the prices specified in the schedule to this Act. of b, llct, n£-

Amendment of Army Act.

4. At the end of section seventy of the Army Act the following Amendment subsection shall be inserted as a new subsection:—

"(5.) The rules as to the procedure of courts of inquiry may g.^as to provide for evidence being taken on oath and may empower courts of courts of inquiry to administer oaths for that purpose." inquiry.

4

Ch. 2, 3.

Army (Annual) Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Substitution of references to King.

Amendment

of

54 & 55 Vict. c. 48. 8. 9 and 59 & 60 Vict. c. 47. s. 43 (2) with respect to limit of advance.

5. Throughout the Army Act, references to Her Majesty the Queen shall be construed as references to His Majesty the King, and the necessary words shall be substituted accordingly.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. Fourpence per night

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. One shilling and threepence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified .... One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and cignt pounds of straw per day for each horse. One shilling and nino-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to amend subsection (1) of section nine of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, and subsection (2) of section forty-three of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896.

[2nd July 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where it appears to the Lord Lieutenant that it is expedient that the limit provided by subsection (1) of section nine of the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1891, with respect to the advances which may be made in any county should be exceeded, ho may certify to that effect to the Treasury, and the Treasury may authorise advances to be made in that county, to such increased amount as may be determined by them, not exceeding fifty times the share of the county in the guarantee fuud, where they are of

5

1901. Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1901. Ch. 3, 4.

opinion that such advances 'can be made up to that increased amount without risk of loss to the Exchequer.

(2.) The Lord Lieutenant may certify to the like effect with respect to the limit provided by subsection (2) of section forty-three of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896, and in such case the Treasury may authorise advances to be made under that section for the benefit of the county mentioned in such certificate to such increased amount as may be determined by them, not exceeding fifty times the share of the county in the interest on the church surplus grant, after making the deductions in the said subsection mentioned, where they are of the same opinion as aforesaid.

(3.) Subsection (1) of section four of the Congested Districts 02 & 63 Vict 63 Vict. Board (Ireland) Act, 1899 (which extends the limit under section c' 18‘ forty-three of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1896), is hereby repealed.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to make provision for the honour and dignity of the Crown and the Royal Family, and for the payment of certain allowances and pensions.

[2nd July 1901.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify to your faithful Commons in Parliament assembled that Your Majesty placed unreservedly at their disposal those hereditary revenues which were so placed by Your predecessor, and that Your Majesty is desirous of making competent provision for the honourable support and maintenance of Your Majesty's Son, the Duke of Cornwall and York, Your Daughter-in-law, the Duchess of Cornwall and York, and Your Daughters, the Princess Louise, Duchess of Fife, the Princess Victoria, and Princess Charles of Denmark, and that Your Majesty is further desirous that similar provision should be made for Her Majesty the Queen in the event of Her surviving Your Majesty, and for the Duchess of Cornwall and York in the event of Her surviving the Duke of Cornwall and York:

Now therefore we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, have freely and voluntarily resolved to make such provision as herein-after appears for the purposes aforesaid, and we do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

6

Ch. 4.

Civil List Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Payment of hereditary revenues to Exchequer. I Vict. s. 2.

Annual payment for Civil List.

Provision for Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York.

Provision for His Majesty's daughters.

Provision for the Queen in the event of her surviving the King. Appropriation of Civil List.

1. The hereditary revenues which' were by section two of the Civil List Act, 1837, directed to be carried to and made part of the Consolidated Fund shall, during the present reign and a period of six months afterwards, be paid into the Exchequer, and be made part of the Consolidated Fund.

2. There shall, during the present reign and a period of six months afterwards, be paid for the King’s Civil List, the yearly sum of four hundred and seventy thousand pounds.

3. — (1.) There shall be paid to His Royal Highness the Duke of Cornwall and York during the joint lives of His present Majesty and of His said Royal Highness an annuity of twenty thousand pounds.

(2.) There shall be paid to Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cornwall and York during the continuance of her marriage with His Royal Highness the Duke of Cornwall and York, for her sole and separate use, but without any power of anticipation, an annuity of ten thousand pounds.

(3.) In the event of Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cornwall and York surviving His Royal Highness the Duke of Cornwall and York, there shall be paid to her during her life an annuity of thirty thousand pounds.

4. — (1.) There shall be paid to the trustees herein-after mentioned as a provision for the benefit of His Majesty's daughters the annual sum of eighteen thousand pounds during their joint lives, to be reduced on the death of each of the said Princesses by six thousand pounds.

(2.) The persons who are for the time being the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse shall be the Princesses’ trustees, and shall be a body corporate by that name, and any act of the trustees may be signified under the hands and seals of the persons who are the trustees for the time being.

(3.) The trustees shall hold the annual sum paid to them under this section, in trust for all or any one or more of the daughters of His Majesty, in such shares, at such times, in such manner, and subject to such conditions and powers of revocation (including, if it is thought fit, a condition against alienation) as His present Majesty may by order countersigned by the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, appoint. Provided that any such appointment may be varied by another order made and countersigned in like manner.

5. In the event of Her Majesty Queen Alexandra surviving His Majesty the King, there shall be paid to her during her life an annuity of seventy thousand pounds.

6. — (1.) In the application of the sum paid for the Civil List the amounts mentioned in the second column of the First Schedule to this Act shall be appropriated to the class of expenditure mentioned opposite thereto in the first column of that Schedule.

(2.) If at the end of any calendar year any part of the sum appropriated to any class of expenditure is not required for that

1901.

Civil List Act, 1901. Ch. 4.

7

class, the Treasury may direct that sum to be applied as an addition to the sum available for any other class.

7. The Treasury may undertake the payment of — Payment of

(a) any retired allowances (of a total amount not exceeding

twelve thousand pounds) granted by Her late Majesty and TmwurJT paid as part of the expenditure of Class II. of H er Civil List; and

(b) any retired allowances (of a total amount not exceeding thirteen thousand pounds) granted by His present Majesty before the twenty-third day of July nineteen hundred and one to any persons having been in Her late Majesty's service for a longer period than ten years;

and shall keep a register of any allowances the payment of which they so undertake.

8. The sums required under this Act for the Civil List, and for Charge of the provision under this Act for Her Majesty the Queen, their ^de^Act Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York,

and His Majesty's daughters, and for the payment of the retired allowances payable by the Treasury under this Act, and for the payment of Civil List pensions (whether granted before or after the passing of this Act), shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, and shall be paid at such times and in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

Sections five and six of the Civil List Act, 1837, which Continuance of relate to Civil List pensions, shall continue to apply during the commence-’ present reign and a period of six months afterwards, but Civil List ment, repeal, pensions shall not be granted as chargeable on the sum paid for and short the Civil List, title-

(2.) The Civil List Audit Act, 1816, and all other enactments 56 Geo. s. relating to the Civil List of Her late Majesty, and not hereby c- 4C* superseded or expressly repealed, shall continue to apply to the Civil List under this Act, and nothing in this Act shall affect any rights or powers for the time being exerciseable with respect to any of the hereditary revenues which are by this Act directed to be paid into the Exchequer.

(3.) The Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule, and the provisions made by this Act shall be in substitution for the provisions made by the enactments so repealed, but the hereditary revenues of excise on beer, ale, and cider, which were suspended by section seven of the Civil List Act, 1837, shall 1 & 2 Vict. cease to be chargeable.

(4.) This Act shall take effect as from the last demise of the Crown, and such adjustments and allowances shall be made as may appear to the Treasury necessary for giving effect to this provision during the present year.

(5.) This Act may be cited as the Civil List Act, 1901.

C. 2.

8

Ch. 4, 5.

Civil List Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

SCHEDULES. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Classes of Expenditure. Sum Appropriated.

I. Their Majesties’ privy purse 110,000

IT. Salaries of His Majesty's household and retired allowances. 125, 800

III. Expenses of His Majesty's household 193,000

IV. Works - - 20,000

V. Royal bounty, alms, and special services 13, 200

VI. Unappropriated 8,000

Total - i 470,000

SECOND SCHEDULE. Acts Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

1 Vict. c. 2 - 1 The Civil List Act, 1837 j The whole Act, cx-1 cept sections five, 1 six, and fourteen.

26 Vict. c. 1 - An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the establishment of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Her Royal Highness the Princess j Alexandra of Denmark, and | to settle certain annuities on 1 Her Royal Highness. The whole Act.

52 &, 53 Vict. c. 35 The Prince of Wales’s Children 1 Act, 1889. | The whole Act.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Holding of Offices in case of the Demise of the Crown.

[2nd July 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1901.

Demise of the Cro Act, 1901.

9

Oh.

5, 6.

1. — (1.) The holding of any office under the Crown, whether Effect of within or without His Majesty's dominions, shall not be affected,

nor shall auy fresh appointment thereto be rendered necessary, by holding of the demise of the Crown. office.

(2.) This Act shall take effect as from the last demise of the Crown.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Demise of the Crown Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two.

[2nd July 1901.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the issue of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards X'fi5X-out making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service S'Se^vu*1 of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand J, Ju*year nine hundred and two the sum of thirty-five million four hundred list jfareh woi. and forty-three thousand two hundred and thirty-three pounds.

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of Power to England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on jje^£, ury the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the rrow* whole the sum of thirty-five million four hundred and forty-three thousand two hundred and thirty-three pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which s :ch Fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) short title. Act, 1901.

10 Ch. 7. Finance Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year.

[26th July 1901.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

Duty on ten.

Sugar duty.

1. The duty of customs now payable on tea shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid until the first day of August nineteen hundred and two, on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland; that is to say —

Tea, the pound, sixpence.

2. — (1.) There shall, as from the nineteenth day of April nineteen hundred and one, be charged, levied, and paid on the following articles imported into Great Britain or Ireland, the following duties —

£ s.

Sugar which, when tested by the polariscope, indicates a polarisation exceeding ninety-eight degrees - the cwt.

Sugar of a polarisation not exceeding seventy-six degrees - the cwt.

Sugar of a polarisation not exceeding ninety-eight degrees, but exceeding seventy-six degrees

the cwt.

0 4 2

0 2 0

|'The intermediate duties shown in the table in the First Schedule to this Act.

Molasses (except when cleared for use by a licensed distiller in the manufacture of spirits), and invert sugar and all other sugar and extracts from sugar which cannot be completely tested by the polariscope and on which duty is not specially charged by this section —

If containing 70 per cent, or more of sweetening matter - - the cwt. 0 2 9

1901,

Finance Act, 1901

Ch. 7.

11

If containing less than 70 per cent, and more than 50 per cent, of sweetening matter - the cwt.

If containing not more than 50 per cent, of sweetening matter - - the cwt.

The amount of sweetening matter to be taken to be the total amount of cane, invert, and other sugar contained in the article as determined by analysis in manner directed by the Commissioners of Customs.

£ 8. d

0 2 0

0 1 0

Glucose:

Solid - the cwt. 0 2 9

Liquid - -, 0 2 0

Saccharin (including substances of a like nature

or use) - the oz. 0 1 .*1

and there shall, as from the first day of June nineteen hundred and one, be allowed in respect of those articles, the drawbacks set out in the Second Schedule to this Act.

Provided that, as from the nineteenth day of April up to the eleventh day of June nineteen hundred and one the duties under the headings molasses and glucose shall be deemed to have been chargeable at the rates specified in the resolution of the Committee of Ways and Means of the eighteenth day of April nineteen hundred and one; but where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs that the duty paid on any molasses imported during that period exceeds that which would have been paid after the said eleventh day of June, and that the excess has not been recovered from any person to whom the molasses may have been delivered after importation, the Commissioners of Customs may remit the excess.

(2.) The words " (except in sugar) " in the schedule to the Customs Tariff Act, 1876, are hereby repealed, but tinned and 39 & 40 Vict, bottled apricots in syrup or water, and apricot pulp, shall not be c- 35-liable to duty as preserved plums.

3. — (1.) There shall, as from the nineteenth day of April E tport duty nineteen hundred and one, be charged, levied, and paid on coal on coal-exported from Great Britain or Ireland a duty of one shilling per ton, but a rebate of the duty shall be allowed on any coal the value of which free on board is proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs not to exceed six shillings per ton.

(2.) The Treasury may, if they think fit, in any case remit the duty on any coal exported before the first day of January nineteen hundred and two, in pursuance of a contract made before the nineteenth day of April nineteen hundred and one.

(3.) Coal may be shipped on any ship, duty free, in like manner as, and subject to terms and conditions similar to those on which, stores are allowed to be shipped under the Customs Acts.

(4.) The provisions set out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, and the modifications of the Customs Acts set out in the same schedule, shall have effect with respect to the exportation of coal and the duty thereon.

12

Continuance of additional customs duties and drawbacks ou tobacco, beer, and spirits.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 7.

Excise duty on glucose, &c.

Continuance of additional excise duties nud drawbacks on beer and spirits.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 7.

Ch. 7. Finance Act, 1901. 1 Euw. 7.

(5.) For the purposes of this Act "coal" includes culm, coke, and cinders.

(6.) In any case where the person paying the duty shall be the tenant of the mines from which the coal shall have been produced, subject to the payment of a rent or royalty, varying with the selling price of such coal, and the coal shall have been sold at a price inclusive of the duty, then the amount of such duty so paid shall in the absence of any agreement to the contrary be deducted in ascertaining the amount of such selling price for the purpose of determining the amount of the said rent or royalty.

4. The additional duties of customs on tobacco, beer, and spirits imposed by sections two, three, four, and five of the Finance Act, 1900 (including the increased duties imposed by section five of that Act), shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid until the first day of August nineteen hundred and two, and as regards the period for which any additional drawbacks are allowed under those sections nineteen hundred and two shall be substituted for nineteen hundred and one.

5. — (1.) There shall, as from the eleventh day of June nineteen hundred and one as regards the duty on glucose, and as regards the other duties under this section as from the first day of July nineteen hundred and one, be charged, levied, and paid the following duties of excise —

£ d.

On glucose made in Great Britain or Ireland, —

Solid ---- the cwt. 029 Liquid - - ..., 020

and so in proportion for any less quantity.

On saccharin (including substances of a like nature or use) made in Great Britain or Ireland

the oz. 0 1 3

and so in proportion for any less quantity.

On a licence to be taken out annually by a manufacturer of any such glucose, or saccharin, or of invert sugar - - -100

and there shall be allowed in respect of glucose and saccharin the drawbacks set out in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2.) The duty on glucose may be charged either on the quantity actually manufactured or by reference to the quantity ascertained by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to be capable of being produced from the saccharin solution collected in a receiver to be provided by the maker and fixed and secured to the satisf action of the Commissioners.

6. The additional duties of excise on beer and spirits imposed by sections six and seven of the Finance Act, 1900, shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid until the first day of August nineteen hundred and two, and as regards the period in respect of which any additional drawback is allowed under the said section six, nineteen hundred and two shall be substituted for nineteen hundred and one.

1901. Finance Act, 1901. Ch. 7. 13

i

7. — (1.) Where any manufactured or prepared goods contain, Provisions as as a part or ingredient thereof, any article liable to any duty oft0 dut/on customs, duty shall be charged in respect of such quantity of the an? article as shall appear to the satisfaction of the Treasury to be time of im-used in the manufacture or preparation of the goods, and in the po*?tion of case of goods so containing more than one such article, shall be fJ & 40 y; cti charged in a similar manner on each article liable to duty at the c. 35. rates of duty respectively applicable thereto, unless the Treasury

shall be of opinion that it is necessary for the protection of the revenue that duty should be charged in accordance with the Customs Tariff Act, 1876.

Any rebate which can be allowed by law on any article when separately charged shall be allowed in charging goods under this section in respect of the quantity of that article used in the manufacture or preparation of the goods.

(2.) As respects the first levying or repealing of any duty of customs (including any duty imposed by this Act), the time at which the importation of any goods shall be deemed to have had effect shall be the time at which the entry of the goods under the Customs Act is delivered instead of the time mentioned in section forty of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

8. The Commissioners of Customs and the Commissioners of Regulations Inland Revenue may jointly make regulations as to the delivery as to.sac* of molasses to, and the use of molasses by, a licensed distiller without chanD» &c-payment of duty or upon drawback as allowed by this Act, and also

as to the importation, labelling, wrapping, and sale of any saccharin (including substances of a like nature or use) and as to the proof to be required that a label has not been previously used, and may by those regulations apply any of the enactments relating to stamps to the labels to be used, and if any person imports or makes any such saccharin or delivers or uses molasses without complying with those regulations, or sells, exposes for sale, or offers, or keeps for sale any such saccharin in respect of which those regulations have not been complied with, the saccharin or molasses, as the case may be, shall be forfeited, and that person shall be liable in respect of each offence, to an excise penalty of fifty pounds.

9. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may make regu- Regulations lations prohibiting the manufacture of glucose, saccharin, or invert " to excise sugar, except by persons holding a licence and having made entry gl^ose, &c. for the purpose, and for fixing the date of expiration of the licence,

and also l'or regulating the manufacture of glucose with a view to securing and collecting the excise duty imposed by this Act, and may by those regulations apply any enactments relating to the excise duty or drawback on beer, and to brewers of beer, to the excise duty and drawback on glucose, and to manufacturers of glucose, and if any person acts in contravention of, or fails to comply with, any of those regulations, the article in respect of which the offence is committed shall be forfeited, and the person committing the offence shall be liable in respect of each offence to an excise penalty of fifty pounds.

14

Ch. 7.

1 Edw. 7.

Addition or deduction of new or altered duties in the case of contract.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 7.

Provision as to continuation clauses in policies of sea insurance.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 39.

Finance Act, 1901.

10. — (1.) Where any new customs import duty or new excise duty is imposed, or where any customs import duty or excise duty is increased, and any goods in respect of which the duty is payable are delivered after the day on which the new or increased duty takes effect in pursuance of a contract made before that day, the seller of the goods may, in the absence of agreement to the contrary, recover, as an addition to the contract price, a sum equal to any amount paid by him in respect of the goods on account of the new duty or the increase of duty, as the case may be.

(2.) Where any customs import duty or excise duty is repealed or decreased, and any goods affected by the duty are delivered after the day on which the duty ceases or the decrease in the duty takes effect in pursuance of a contract made before that day, the purchaser of the goods, in the absence of agreement to the contrary, may, if the seller of the goods has had in respect of those goods the benefit of the repeal or decrease of the duty, deduct from the contract price a sum equal to the amount of the duty or decrease of duty, as the case may be.

(3.) Where any addition to or deduction from the contract price may be made under this section on account of any new or repealed duty, such sum as may be agreed upon or in default of agreement determined by the Commissioners of Customs in the case of a customs duty, and by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in the case of an excise duty, as representing in the case of a new duty any new expenses incurred, and in the case of a repealed duty any expenses saved, may be included in the addition to or deduction from the contract price, and may be recovered or deducted accordingly.

(4.) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the nineteenth day of April nineteen hundred and one, and section twenty of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1870, and section eight of the Finance Act, 1900, are hereby repealed.

Part II.

Stamps.

11. — (1.) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Stamp Act, 1891, a policy of sea insurance made for time may contain a continuation clause as defined in this section, and such a policy shall not be invalid on the ground only that by reason of the continuation clause it may become available for a period exceeding twelve months.

(2.) There shall be charged on a policy of sea insurance containing such a continuation clause a stamp duty of sixpence in addition to the stamp duty which is otherwise chargeable on the policy.

(3.) If the risk covered by the continuation clause attaches and a new policy is not issued covering the risk, the continuation clause shall be deemed to be a new and separate contract of sea insurance expressed in the policy in which it is contained, but not

1901.

Finance Act, 1901. Ch. 7.

15

covered by the stamp thereon, and the policy shall be stamped in respect of that contract accordingly, but may be so stamped without penalty at any time not exceeding thirty days after the risk has so attached.

(4.) For the purposes of this section, the expression "continuation c'amo" means an agreement to the following or the like effect, namely, that in the event of the ship being at sea or the voyage otherwise not completed on the expiration of the policy, the subject-matter of the insurance shall be held covered until the arrival of the ship, or for a reasonable time thereafter not exceeding thirty days.

Part III.

Income Tax and Inhabited House Duty.

12. — (1.) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day incomotax of April nineteen hundred and one shall be charged at the rate of for 1901-1902. one shilling and twopence.

(2.) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and one shall have full force and effect with respect to the duty of income tax hereby granted.

(3.) The annual value of any property, which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules A. and B. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house duty, during the 16 & 17 Vict, year ending on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and one, c*34< shall be taken as the annual value of such property for the same purpose during the next subsequent year; provided that this subsection —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

(b) shall not apply to the metropolis as defined by the Valuation 32 & 33 Vict.

(Metropolis) Act, 1869. c. 67.

(4.) Section thirty-eight of the Finance Act, 1894 (which 57 & 58 Vict, relates to duty on dividends, &c. paid prior to the passing of the c-30-Act), shall be applied with respect to the year which commenced on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and one, as it was applied with respect to the year which commenced on the sixth day of April one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

13. Subsection one of section twenty-six of the Customs and inhabited Inland Revenue Act, 1890 (which relates to the reduction of dpty inhabited house duty in the case of lodging-houses), shall be read houses^ with the substitution of the first day of October for the first day Amendment of July as the day before which registration is to be effected, and °*’53 & 54

of the first day of November for the first day of October as the v, ct' c‘8*26# day before which application must be made for the reduction of the rate of charge.

16

Ch. 7. Finance Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Continuance of suspension of new sinking fund and payments on account of terminable annuities.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 7.

Short title and construction. 3D & 40 Vict. c. 36.

Section 2.

Part IV.

National Debt.

14. Sections sixteen and seventeen of the Finance Act, 19CJ (which relate to the suspension of the new sinking fund and to the suspension of payments on account of the capital of ceitam terminable annuities), shall apply with respect to the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and two in the same mann er as they apply with respect to the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and one.

Part V.

General.

15. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1901.

(2.) Part I. of this Act, so far as it relates to duties of customs, shall be construed together with the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and the Acts amending that Act (in this Act referred to as the Customs Acts), and so far as it relates to duties of excise shall be construed together with the Acts which relate to the duties of excise and the management of those duties.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Table showing Intermediate Duties on Sugar.

Degrees of Polarisation. Percentage of the Maximum Duty of 4*. 2d. Duty per Cwt

a. d.

Exceeding 76 and not exceeding 77 - 49 6 2 0-8

>9 77 ft 99 78 - 51*2 2 1*6

>1 78 ft 99 79 - 52-8 2 24

79 tt 99 80 - 544 2 3*2

•9 80 tt 99 81 - 56 2 4

ft 81 19 99 82 - 57-6 2 4*8

ft 82 9 9 9 9 83 - 59*2 2 56

ft 83 99 99 84 - 61 2 6*5

ft 84 9 9 9 9 85 - 62-8 2 7-4

ft 86 99 f 9 86 - 64*6 2 8*3

ft 86 9 9 99 87 - 66'4 2 9-2

ft 87 99 I 9 88 - 68*4 2 10-2

ft 88 9 99 89 - 70*4 2 11*2

ft 89 9 9 99 90 - 72*8 3 0*4

ft 90 99 99 91 - 752 3 1-6

tt 91 99 9 9 92 - 77-6 3 2-8

9» 92 99 99 93 - 80 3 4

ft 93 9* 91 94 - 82-4 3 5*2

99 94 99 99 95 - 84-8 3 6*4

tt 95 9 9 99 96 - 87*2 3 7-6

99 96 99 99 97 - 896 3 8-8

99 97 99 99 98 - 92 3 10

X

1901.

Finance Act, 1901. Ch. 7.

17

SECOND SCHEDULE. SectionJ.

(1.) Drawbacks to be allowed on Articles exported or deposited in any bonded Warehouse for Use as Ships’ or removed

to the Isle of Man, if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs that the Duties on Importation have been duly paid.

On sugar which has passed a refinery in Great Britain or Ireland, a drawback equal to the duty on sugar of the like polarisation.

On goods (other than beer) in the manufacture or preparation of which in Great Britain or Ireland any of the articles liable to duty has been used, a drawback equal to the duty in respect of the quantity of that article which appears to the satisfaction of the Treasury to have been used in the manufacture or preparation of the goods or, in the case of residual products, to he contained therein, and in allowing that drawback the Commissioners of Customs may, with the assent of the Treasury, in order to facilitate trade, relax in the case of any goods any requirements of sections one hundred and four and one hundred and six of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, as to the giving of security and the examination of goods.

(2.) Drawback to be allowed to a Refiner on Molasses produced in Great Britain or Ireland and delivered by him to a Licensed Distiller for use in the manufacture of Spirits.

A drawback at the rate of one shilling the hundredweight.

THIRD SCHEDULE. Sections.

Drawbacks to be allowed on Articles exported from Great Britain or Ireland as Merchandise or shipped for use as Ships ’

Stores if it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue that the Excise Duty has been duly paid.

On glucose and saccharin liable to duty, a drawback equal to the duty imposed.

On goods (other than beer) in the manufacture or preparation of which in Great Britain or Ireland any glucose or saccharin liable to duty has been used, a drawback equal to the duty in respect of the quantity of glucose or saccharin which appears to the satisfaction of the Treasury to have been used in the manufacture or preparation.

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Section 8.

Provisions as to Exportation of Coal.

1. Coal shall not be shipped for exportation from Great Britain or Ireland or carriage coastwise unless entry and clearance thereof have been made before shipment in such manner as the Commissioners of Customs direct.

2. The Commissioners of Customs may, if they think fit, require security (similar to that which they may require under section one hundred and four of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876), for the due carriage coastwise of coal.

3. If any person ships or attempts to ship coal without complying with, or in contravention, of the foregoing provisions in this schedule, or if the master of a ship commits an offence under section one hundred and forty-two of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 (which relates to deviations from coasting voyages), he shall be liable to the same penalty to which a

B

r

18

Ch. 7, 8.

Finance A, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

person is liable under section one hundred and eighty-six of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, for illegally importing goods the importation of which is prohibited.

4. The exporter or shipper of any coal, or his agent, shall, on being required by the Commissioners of Customs, produce all bills of lading, weight notes, or other documents relating to the coal, and if he fails to do so, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds.

5. The Treasury may, if they think fit, restrict or limit the exportation from the Isle of Man of any coal in the same manner as they may restrict the importation into the Isle of Man of any foreign goods under section two hundred and eighty-three of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

6. In the event of the coal duty being paid by a colliery proprietor upon coal sold by him free on board to a purchaser in pursuance of a contract made before the nineteenth day of April nineteen hundred and one, the seller may, in the absence of agreement to the contrary, recover as an addition to the contract price of the coal a sum equal to the amount of duty so paid, unless the purchaser shows that the coal has been applied for the purpose of fulfilling a contract made by him before the nineteenth day of April nineteen hundred and one for the sale of the coal at a specified price.

Modifications of Customs Acts as to Exportation of Coal.

1. Section thirty of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 (which relates to the deposit of duty in case of dispute), shall apply with respect to the duty on coal with the substitution of " coal "for " goods admissible for home consumption, " of " exporter " for " importer, " and of " exportation " for " importation."

2. Sections sixteen, one hundred, and one hundred and two of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 (which relate to the shipping and water-carriage of goods), shall apply to coals in the same manner as they apply to drawback goods.

3. The security to be given under section one hundred and four of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, on the exportation of coal shall be such us to secure, in addition to the matters mentioned in that section, the correctness of the entry of the coal for export and the amount of the duty payable.

4. Section one hundred and forty-eight of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876 (which relates to the entering outwards without landing of goods carried coastwise), shall apply in the case of coal, notwithstanding that coal is liable to duty.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to amend the Isolation Hospitals Act, 1893.

[26th July 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Transfer by 1. — (1.) Any local authority (including a joint board) within the

local authority meaning of the Public Health Act. 1875, which has provided under

use asSatian ^at Act, or any local Act, a hospital for the reception of the sick,

hospitals. may, with the sanction of the Local Government Board, and with

88 & 39 Vict, the consent of the council, transfer it to the council of the couaty «. 55.

Ch. 8.

19

190!.

Isolation Hospitals Act, 1901.

within which the hospital, or any part of the district of the authority, is situate.

(2.) The Local Government Board may give their sanction under this section subject to such terms and conditions as they think fit, but shall not give their sanction unless they are satisfied that hospital accommodation sufficient for the needs of the district has been or will be provided.

(3.) Any money paid to a local authority on any such transfer shall be applied as the Local Government Board direct, either in repayment of any loan of the local authority, or for any other purpose for which capital moneys may properly be applied.

(4.) Any hospital transferred under this section shall be appropriated to a district formed under the Isolation Hospitals Act, 56 & 57 Vict. 1893 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), and may be c* 68* adapted as an isolation hospital, and any hospital so appropriated shall be treated as if it had been originally established under that Act for the district.

(5.) The expeases incurred by a county council in, or incidental to, the transfer of any hospital under this Act shall be defrayed as structural expenses incurred by a hospital committee within the meaning of section seventeen of the principal Act.

2. — (1.) The power conferred on a county council by section Contribution twenty-one of the principal Act to contribute to the expenses of to hospitals an isolation hospital is hereby declared to include the power to CS^horitj^ contribute, in manner provided by that section, to any hospital provided by a local authority (including a joint board) within the meaning of the Public Health Act, 1875, for the reception of

patients suffering from infectious disease whether within the area of the county council or not, but the consent of the Local Government Board shall be required to an annual contribution under this section by the county council to a hospital, the cost of providing which, or of any permanent extension or enlargement of which, has been defrayed otherwise than out of borrowed money.

(2.) A county council may borrow, in manner provided by section twenty-two of the principal Act, any sum required for the contribution of a capital sum under section twenty-one of that Act, as amended by this Act, but sums so borrowed shall not be repayable to the county council out of the local rate, as directed by section twenty-two of that Act.

3. — (1.) The hospital committee of any hospital district under power of hos-the principal Act may make and give effect to agreements for the pitai committee use of any hospital or part of a hospital, or for the reception into *° coy401 for any hospital of the sick of their district, upon payment of such commodation. annual or other sums as may be agreed upon.

(2.) Any expenses incurred by a hospital committee under this section shall be defrayed under the principal Act as structural, establishment, or patients’ expenses, in such proportions as the committee direct.

4. — (1.) The interest to be paid in pursuance of section twenty- Rate of two of the principal Act on any money repayable to a county "‘west, council shall be interest at such a rate as may be agreed upon

20

Ch. 8, 9.

Isolation Hospitals, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

Amendment of 56 & 57 Vict c. 68. s. 8 (3) as to appeals.

Amendment of definition of local authority.

Copies of orders t«> be sent to local Govern* inei.t Board.

Representatives < f county council on hospital committees.

[Short title.]

Parents to pro* vide efficient elementary education for their children.

School

attendance.

between the county council and the hospital committee concerned, or, in default of agreement, determined by the Local Government Board.

(2.) In section twenty-two of the principal Act, the words at the rate of four pounds-per centum per annum" are hereby repealed.

5. On any appeal against any order including any area in a hospital district under subsection three of section eight of* the principal Act, the Local Government Board may by their decision confirm, disallow, or modify the order as they think fit.

e.-(i .) Notwithstanding anything in section twenty-six of the principal Act, the rural district council shall, to the exclusion of any other authority, be the local authority in the case of any contributory place. But the parish council shall have the same right of appeal to the Local Government Board under subsection three of section eight of the principal Act as a local authority.

(2.) Any liability which immediately before the passing of this Act attached to the local authority in respect of a contributory place, being a parish, shall be transferred to and discharged by the rural district council.

7. The county council shall, as soon as may be, send a copy of any order made by them under section nine of the principal Act to the Local Government Board.

8. In section ten of the principal Act (which deals with the constitution of hospital committees) " representatives of the county council, whether members of the council or not, " shall be substituted for " members of the county council."

9. This Act may be cited as the Isolation Hospitals Act, 1901, and this Act and the principal Act may be cited together as the Isolation Hospitals Acts, 1893 and 1901.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to regulate the Employment and Attendance of Children at School in Scotland.

[9th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be the duty of every parent to provide efficient elementary education in reading, writing and arithmetic for his children who are between five and fourteen years of age.

2. It shall not be lawful for any person to take into his employment any child (1) who is under the age of twelve years, or (2) who, being of the age of twelve years and not more than

1931.

Education (Scotland), 190}.

Ch. 9.

21

fourteen years, ha9 not obtained exemption from the obligition to attend school from the school board of the district in the manner provided in the next following section; nor shall any child (1) who is under the nge of twelve years, or (2) who, being of the age of twelve years and not more than fourteen years, has not been exempted from the obligation to attend school in manner aforesaid, be employed in. any casual employment, as defined by section six of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1878, after nine o’clock at night it & 42 Vict, from the first- day of April to the first day of October, and after c* *8-seven o’clock at night from the first day of October to the first day of April.

Provided that nothing in this section shall prevent any employer from employing any child who is lawfully employed by him or by any other person at the date of the commencement of. this Act.

3. It shall be lawful for any school board, where after due Power to inquiry in each case the circumstances seem to justify such PJ*, al exemption, to grant exemption from the obligation to attend from school school to individual children over twelve years of age, for such a'tendance time and upon such conditions, if any, as to the amount and oa cond, t, ons-manner of further attendance at school until the age of fourteen,

as the school board shall think fit; and such exemption shall exempt the parent of such child from any prosecution or other proceeding under the Education Acts for neglecting to provide for the education of such child.

Provided that any school board granting such exemption to individual children shall keep a register wherein shall be entered the names of children so exempted, and a statement of the circumstances in which, and the conditions upon which, such exemption has in each case been granted.

Provided also that the Department shall have power, when it sees fit, to call upon any school board for a return of the children to whom such exemption has been granted, and of the circumstances in which, and the conditions upon which, such exemption has in each case been granted; and if, after due inquiry, the Department is satisfied that such exemption has been granted by any school board in circumstances which, did not justify its being so granted, or that the conditions on which such exemption has been granted are insufficient, or that the attendance of scholars within the district of such school board, or any part thereof, is unsatisfactory, the Department may* call upon such school board to recall such exemption, or to take steps to improve the attendance; and if the said school board fail to do so within a reasonable time, it shall be lawful for the Department to withhold or reduce the parliamentary grant made to the said school board under section sixty-seven of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1872. 36 vict>

4. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby Repeal, repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column thereof.

5. This Act shall commence on the first day of January one Cummence-

thousand nine hundred and two. ment of Att *

0, This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

Extent of Act.

22

Ch. 9, 10.

Education (Scotland) Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Short title and construction.

Freud ulent misappropriation of property.

7. This Act may be cited as the Education (Scotland) Act, 1901, and this Act and the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1883, shall be construed as one Act.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

35 & 36 Vict. c. C2. - Education (Scotland) Act, 1872. Section sixty-nine. Section seventy-three.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 78. - Education (Scotland) Act, 1878. Section five. Section six. In part, namely, — From the words "and no child " to " to the first day of April " where those words last occur, and from "A school board may," to the end. Section seven. In part, namely, — The word " hereinbefore."

46 & 47 Vict. c. 56. - Education (Sootland) Act, 1883. Section four. Section six. Section seven. Section eight.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to amend the Larceny Act, 1861.

[9th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Whosoever —

(a) being entrusted, either solely or jointly with any other person, with any property, in order that he may retain in safe custody or apply, pay or deliver, for any purpose or to any person, the property or any part thereof or any proceeds thereof; or (b) having, either solely or jointly with any other persoD, received any property for or on account of any other person,

1901.

Larceny A, 190).

Ch. 10, 11.

23

fraudulently converts to his own use or benefit, or the use or benefit of any other person, the property or any part thereof or any proceeds thereof, shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and bo liable on conviction to penal servitude for a term not exceeding seven years, or to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years.

(2.) Nothing in this section shall apply to or affect any trustee on any express trust created by a deed or will, or any mortgagee of any property, real or personal, in respect of any act done by the trustee or mortgagee in relation to the property *

comprised in or affected by any such trust or mortgage.

2. — (1.) Sections seventy-five and seventy-six of the Larceny Repeal,

Act, 1861, are hereby repealed. "^D '

(2.) This Act shall have effect as part of the Larceny Act, 1861, ment, short and section one of this Act shall be deemed to be substituted for tiUe* sections seventy-five and seventy-six of that Act, and references in any enactment to those sections shall be construed as references to section one of this Act.

(3.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and two.

(4.) This Act may be cited as the Larceny Act, 1901, and the 2* *25 Vict. Larceny Act, 1861, the Larceny Act, 1868, the Larceny Act, 1896, Siasavict. and this Act may be cited together as the Larceny Acts, 1861 to ro&oovict 1901.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act for enabling local authorities to empower School Boards temporarily to carry on certain schools; and for sanctioning certain School Board expenses.

[9th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where a school board has at any time during the Temporary twelve months immediately preceding the thirty-first day of July (pertain one thousand nine hundred and one maintained out of the school school bocr.l fund any school or class to the maintenance of which the school schools, fund is not lawfully applicable, the council of the county or county borough within which the school or class is held, or, with the sanction of the Board of Education, any other local authority under the Technical Instruction Acts, 1889 and 1891, for the iistrict within which the school or class is held, may empower the school board to carry on for the period of one year from that day the work of the school or class to such extent and on such terms as may he agree 1 on between such council or local authority

24

Ch. 11, 12.

Education Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

[Short title.]

Borrowing for purpose of supply for year 1901-2.

ft I & 52 Vict,

c. 2.

and the school board, and to apply to the maintenance of the school or class such sum out of the school fund as the council or local authority may sanction.

(2.) Where any expenses incurred by a school board in respect of any such school or class before the s:\id day are sanctioned by the Local Government Board, the legality of those expenses shall not be questioned in any court.

2. This Act may be cited as the Education Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to provide for raising Money for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and two.

[17th August 1901.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies granted to Your Majesty, have resolved that sums not exceeding sixty million pounds be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may l*e enacted; and bo it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this, present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Any money required for raising the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and two may be raised up to an amount not exceeding sixty million pounds by means of the creation of two and three-quarter per cent, consolidated stock within the meaning of the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888, and the Treasury may, by warrant addressed to the Bank of England, direct the creation of such amounts of that stock as may be required for the purpose.

(2.) A full quarterly dividend shall be payable on any stock issued under this Act as from the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and one.

(3.) Stock created for the purposes of this Act shall be consolidated with like stock previously created under the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888, and may be issued at such times, in such amounts and subject to such conditions, as to payment of deposits and instalments and the issue of scrip certificates carrying dividend and otherwise, as the Treasury direct, and any directions given by the Treasury before the passing of this Act with respect to those matters are hereby confirmed.

1901.

Loan Act, 1901. Ch. 12, 13, 14.

25

(4) Any sums required for defraying any expenses incurred in connexion with raising any money raised under this Act shall be charged On the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

(5.) Any sums raised by means of the issue of stock under this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Loan Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to continue the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, the Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Act, 1899, the Agricultural Rates, Congested Districts, and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896, and the Local Taxation Account (Scotland) Act, 1898.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The period of the continuance of the Agricultural Continuance Rates Act, 1896, is hereby extended until the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and six, both for the purposes of that Act and for the purposes of the Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) 62 & 63 Vict. Act, 1899. c. 17.

(2.) The words " that is to say, the period of five years after " the thirty-first day of March next after the passing of this Act " in section one of the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, are hereby repealed.

2. The period of the continuance of the Agricultural Rates, Continuance Congested Districts, and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896, is hereby extended until the 31st day of March one thousand v, c c' nine hundred and six, both for the purposes of that Act and for the purposes of the Local Taxation Account (Scotland) Act, 1S98. 61 & 62 Vict.

c. 56.

3. This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, short title. &c., Continuance Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Militia and Yeomanry.

[17 th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

26

Ch. 14, 15. Militia and Yeomanry Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

' Application of Militia Acts to yeomanry.

45 & 46 Vict, c. 49.

Annual training of militia artillery.

[Short title.]

Power to make addition to style and title of Crown.

1. The enactments relating to the general militia shall apply to all members of the yeomanry receiving commissions or enlisted after the passing of this Act as if references therein to the militia and members thereof were references to the yeomanry and members thereof, subject to the following modifications, namely: —

(a.) The provisions with respect to preliminary training shall not apply;

(b.) For the period of annual training specified in section sixteen of the Militia Act, 1882, shall be substituted a period of not less than fourteen nor more than eighteen days in every year, and for the period of fourteen days referred to in sections twenty-seven and twenty-eight of the same Act shall be substituted a period of ten days.

2. The period of annual training for militiamen eulisted after the passing of this Act, and for the time being serving in the mobile militia artillery, shall be such period, not exceeding eighty-four days, as may be prescribed under the Militia Act, 1882.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Militia and Yeomanry Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to enable His most gracious Majesty to make an Addition to the Royal Style and Titles in recognition of His Majesty's dominions beyond the seas.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for His most gracious Majesty, with a view to the recognition of His Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, by His Royal Proclamation under the great seal of the United Kingdom issued within six months after the passing of this Act, to make such addition to the style and titles at present appertaining to the Imperial Crown of the United Kingdom and its dependencies as to His Majesty may seem fit.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Royal Titles Act, 1901.

1901. Notional Gallery (Purchase of Adjacent Ch. 16. 27

Land) Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act for the acquisition of certain land, near the National Gallery in London, and for purposes connected therewith.

[17th August 1901.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Commissioners of Works (in this Act called the Commissioners) should be empowered to acquire certain lands and buildings near the National Gallery, and situated in the parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields, in the county of London:

And whereas those lands and buildings cannot be acquired without the authority of Parliament:

And whereas duplicate plans (in this Act referred to as the deposited plans) describing the situation of the land proposed to be acquired, with the houses and buildings thereon, with a book of reference thereto (in this Act referred to as the deposited book of reference), containing the names of the owners and lessees, or reputed owners nnd lessees, and of the occupiers thereof, have been deposited with the clerk of the peace for the county of London:

Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners may purchase and acquire for the Power to purposes of this Act all or any of the lands delineated on the PQrchaae 1&nd-deposited plans and described in the deposited book of reference.

2. For the purpose of the purchase and acquisition of land Incorporation under this Act the Lands Clauses Acts (except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement) shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be incorporated with this Act with the following exceptions and modifications:—

(a.) The provisions relating to the sale of superfluous land and access to the special Act and section one hundred and thirty-three of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 (relating 8 & 9 Vict, to land tax and poor rate), shall not be incorporated with this 18-Act:

(b.) In the construction of this Act and of the incorporated Acts, this Act shall be deemed to be the "special Act" and the Commissioners shall be deemed to be the " promoters of the undertaking ":

(c.) The bond required by section eighty-five of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall fco under the common seal of the Commissioners and shall be sufficient without the addition of the sureties mentioned in that section:

(d.) All claims for compensation made upon the Commissioners under this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith shall, if the person claiming has no greater interest in the land in respect

23 Ch. 16; National Gallery of Adjacent 1 Edw. 7.

Land), 1901.

of which compensation is claimed than as tenant from year to year or as a leaseholder for any term of which not more than eighteen months remain unexpired at the time at which the claim is made, be determined in manner provided by, section one hundred and twenty-one of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

Laud tax. 3. — (1.) Any land tax assessed on the first day of January one

thousand nine hundred and one on any part of the land acquired

by the Commissioners of Works for the purposes of this Act

shall, as from the date of acquisition, be deemed to have been redeemed at the price and in accordance with the conditions 5J & 60 Vict, provided by the Finance Act, 1896, and the Land Tax Acts as

c. 28- therein defined, and after the date of acquisition no sum shall be

assessed or charged in respect of land tax on any part of the land so acquired.

(2.) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall grant a certificate of exoneration from assessment to land tax of the lands so acquired, and that certificate shall be registered by the officer appointed for the registry of contracts for the redemption of land tax.

Extinction of right* of way and other casements.

4. — (1.) All rights of way, rights of laying down or of continuing any pipes, sewers or drains on, through or under any of the land acquired by the Commissioners under the provisions of this Act, and all other rights and easements in or relating to that land, shall be extinguished, and all the soil of those ways and the property in the pipes, sewers and drains shall vest in the Commissioners.

(2.) Provided that any persons may recover from the Commissioners such compensation (if any) as they may be entitled to under any of the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts for any rights or property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this section, and the amount of that compensation shall be determined in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts as modified for the purpose of their incorporation with this Act.

saving for 5. Nothing in this Act shall affect any rights or jurisdiction County of the London County Council or the Westminster City Council in Council. relation to any sewers, drains or watercourses.

Power to enter 6. The Commissioners and their surveyors, officers and workmen on lands. may at all reasonable time in the daytime, on giving twenty-four hours’ notice in writing, enter on any of the land which the Commissioners are authorised to acquire under this Act for the purpose of surveying or valuing the land.

Protection of works of ga«, water and electricity companies.

7. — (1.) Where, in the removal or pulling down of any buildings or in raising or lowering the ground of any street or way for the purpose of this Act, it is necessary to raise, sink or otherwise alter the position relatively to the surface of the ground of any pipe, wire or other apparatus, laid down or used by any gas, water or

1901. National Gallery (Purchase of Adjacent Ch. 16, 17. 29

Land) Act, 1901.

electricity company, or connected with any house or building for the supply of gas, water or electricity,

(a) one month’s notice shall be given to the company previously to the commencement of any such work; and

(b) the work shall be executed to the reasonable satisfaction of the engineer of the company, or, in case of difference, of an engineer to be selected by the Board of Trade; and

(c) every such work shall be so executed as to cause as little inconvenience as circumstances will admit to th6 company; and

(d) the Commissioners shall make compensation to the company for all loss or damage, if any, which may be occasioned by the execution of any of the works authorised by this Act.

(2.) For the purposes of this section the expression "gas, water or electricity company " includes any person or body of persons supplying gas, water or electricity.

8. — (1.) All expenses incurred by the Commissioners under this Provision as to

Act shall be defrayed out of money provided by Parliament. expenses, &c.

(2.) The provisions of the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852, sionew.018 and any Act amending that Act, shall apply in the case of the 15 & 16 Vict, acquisition of land by the Commissioners under this Act in like c' 28, manner ns in the case of a purchase under that Act, and any notice, summons, writ or other document required to be given, issued or signed by or on behalf of the Commissioners may be given, issued or signed by the secretary or assistant secretary of the Commissioners and need not be under their common seal.

9. If any person wilfully obstructs any person acting under Penalty for the authority of the Commissioners in the lawful exercise of the p^r^ing powers vested in them under this Act, he shall for each offence be sionenT liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

[Short title.]

10. This Act may be cited as the National Gallery (Purchase of Adjacent Land) Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Lunatics in Ireland.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Lord Lieutenant may, in addition to his power of Conditional absolute discharge, also discharge any criminal lunatic conditionally, discharge of that is to say, on such conditions as to the duration of such discharge and otherwise as the Lord Lieutenant may think fit.

30

Ch, 17.

Lunacy (Ireland) Act 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

Application to Ireland of 53 & 54 Vict. c. 5. 88. 322 and 324.

Provision as to expenses of criminal and dangerous lunatic*.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 67.

30 & 31 Vict. c. 118.

Jurisdiction with respect to lunatics.

34 & 35 Vict. c. 22.

(2.) Where a criminal lunatic has been conditionally discharged under this section, a report of his condition shall be made to the Lord Lieutenant by such person, at such times and containing such particulars as may be required by the warrant of discharge or as may from time to time be required by the Lord Lieutenant

(3.) Where a criminal lunatic has been conditionally discharged under this section, if any of the conditions of such discharge appear to the Lord Lieutenant to have been broken, or if the conditional discharge is revoked, the Lord Lieutenant may by warrant direct him to be taken into custody and conveyed either to the central asylum for criminal lunatics or to the asylum in which he was detained previous to such conditional discharge; and he may thereupon be so taken and conveyed in like manner as if he had escaped from such asylum, and shall be received and detained therein as if he had been removed thereto in pursuance of the provisions of the Act under which he was so previously detained.

2. — (1.) Sections three hundred and twenty-two (which relates to ill-treatment of lunatics) and three hundred and twenty-four (which relates to abuse of female lunatics) of the Lunacy Act, 1890, shall apply to Ireland, and the said section three hundred and twenty-two as so applied shall extend to striking, and shall include any person employed in the care of a single patient or of & lunatic in a workhouse, and accordingly in that section as so applied there shall be inserted, after the word "otherwise," the words "or any person employed in the care of a single patient or of a lunatic in a workhouse, strikes."

(2.) Penalties under the said section three hundred and twenty-two as applied to Ireland may be recovered under the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts.

3. — (1.) Subject as in this section mentioned, all expenses incurred in relation to a criminal lunatic confined in a district lunatic asylum, and all expenses of removing any such lunatic from a prison or the central asylum for criminal lunatics to a district lunatic asylum, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and such first-mentioned expenses shall be calculated in accordance with regulations to be made by the Lord Lieutenant with the approval of the Treasury.

(2.) Section sixteen of the Lunatic Asylums (Ireland) Act, 1875 (which relates to the case of a patient confined in a district lunatic asylum who has an estate applicable to his maintenance or for whose maintenance any person is liable), shall extend to a criminal lunatic confined in any such asylum, and to any person confined therein under section ten of the Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1867.

(3.) This section shall come into operation on the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and two.

4. The powers, authorities and duties to be had, exercised and performed under the Lunacy Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1871, by the Lord Chancellor for the time being intrusted by virtue of the King’s Sign Manual with the care and commitment of the persons and estates of persons found idiot, lunatic or of unsound mind

1901. Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1901. Ch. 17, 18. 31

shall and may be exercised either by the Lord Chancellor intrusted as aforesaid acting alone or jointly with one or more of such judges of the Supreme Court as may for the time being be intrusted as aforesaid or (save as to the powers conferred by sections one hundred and eight, one hundred and twelve and one hundred and fifteen of the said Act) by any one or more of such judges as aforesaid.

5. The committees for any two or more district lunatic asylums Power* to may, with the consent of the councils of the counties affected, unite for agree to unite in providing and maintaining a laboratory for pathof^ical pathological research in connection with insanity and nervous research, diseases, and may defray the expenses incurred in pursuance of an agreement under this section by contributions from the funds at

their disposal for the maintenance of their respective asylums.

6. In this Act the expression "criminal lunatic" means Definition.

(a) any person for whose safe custody during His Majesty's or the Lord Lieutenant’s pleasure His Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant or the Admiralty is authorised to give order; and

(b) any person whom the Lord Lieutenant or a Secretary of State or the Admiralty has, in pursuance of any Act. directed to be removed to an asylum or other place for the reception of insane persons:

Provided that a person shall cease to be a criminal lunatic if he is remitted to prison or absolutely discharged, or if any term of penal servitude or imprisonment to which he may be subject determines.

7. This Act may be cited as the Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1901, and Extent and

may be cited with the Lunacy (Ireland) Acts, 1821 to 1890. short title *

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the Law with reference to International Arrangements for Patents.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) In the first proviso to subsection one of section ono international hundred and three of the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, arrangement*. 1883 (which section relates to the time for making applications & <7 Vict, for protection under international arrangements), the wordsc*57’ "twelve months" shall be substituted for the words "seven months."

(2.) An application under that section shall be accompanied by a complete specification, which, if it be not accepted within the

32

Ch. 18, 19.

Patents A 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

Short title, construction and commencement.

Short title and construction.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 53.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 11.

Qualification of library commissioners.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

Power to library authority to make byelaws.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 53.

period, of twelve months, shall, with the drawings (if any), be open to public inspection at the expiration of that period.

2. — (1.) . This Act maybe cited as the Patents Act, 1901, and may be cited and shall be construed as one with the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Acts, 1383 to 1888.

(2.) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and two.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Public Libraries, Museums and Gymnasiums and to regulate the Liability of Managers of Libraries to Proceedings for Libel.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Amendment of Public Libraries Acta, 1892 <md 1893.

1. This Act may be cited as the Public Libraries Act, 1901, and shall be construed as one with the Public Libraries Act, 1892 (herein-aijter referred to as the principal Act), and the Public libraries (Amendment) Act, 1893, and those Acts and this Act may be together cited as the Public Libraries Acts, 1892 to 1901.

2. — (1.) Any commissioners appointed for a library district under the principal Act may be either voters in the district or persons who, though not voters, would, if the district were a rural paribh having a parish council, be qualified for election as parish councillors.

(2.) Section forty-six of the Local Government Act, 1894, relating to disqualifications for election to, or membership of, certain authorities, shall have effect as if a library authority, being a body of commissioners appointed under the principal Act, were one of the authorities mentioned in that section.

3. — (1.) A library authority may make byelaws for all or any of the following purposes relating to any library, museum, art gallery or school which by virtue of the principal Act or this Act is under their control, that is to say:

(a) for regulating the use of the same and of the contents thereof, and for protecting the same and the fittings, furniture and contents thereof from injury, destruction or misuse;

(b) for requiring from any person using the same any guarantee or security against the loss of, or injury to, any book or other article;

(c) for enabling the officers and servants of the library authority to exclude or remove therefrom persons committing any offence against the Libraries Offences Act, 1898, or against the byelaws.

1901.

Public Libraries Act, 1901. Ch. 19.

33

(2.) All byelaws under this section shall be made subject and according to the provisions respecting byelaws contained in sections one hundred and eighty-two to one hundred and eighty-six of the Public Health Act, 1875, and those sections shall apply as if 38 & 89 Vict. the expression "local authority " therein included in every case a c- 55* library authority.

(3.) All offences and penalties under any such byelaw may be prosecuted and recovered in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

4. The Libraries Offences Act, 1898, shall apply to any museum, Extension of

art gallery or school provided under the Public Libraries Act, 61 & 63 vict* 1892. '•5S '

5. — (1.) The library authorities of two or more library districts Power to may agree to share, in such proportions and for such period as may

be determined by the agreement, the cost of the purchase, erection, JomaSe6* repair and maintenance of any library building in one of those agreements districts, and also the cost of the purchase of books and newspapers j*"U9e of for such library, and all other expenses connected with the same, 1 rary* and may also agree as to the management and use of the library, and as to the interchange, hire and use of books and newspapers belonging to such authorities respectively.

(2.) This section shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to a museum, school for science, art gallery or school for art in like manner as to a library.

6. In a library district, being a parish, the sanction of the Amendment parish meeting or vestry shall not be required annually for raising of.5* 5J the sums from time to time due from the parish for defraying the JJ* to* expenses incurred by the library authority, and those sums shall be expenses in paid by the overseers on the order of the library authority. But parishes, in any parish in a rural district the sanction of the parish meeting

shall be required in the year one thousand nine hundred and eleven, and in every tenth year thereafter: Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the operation of section eleven of the Local 36 & 57 Vict Government Act, 1894. c. 73.

7. An urban authority for whose district the Museums and Application of Gymnasiums Act, 1891, has been adopted, either wholly or so far 54^ 55 Vict* as it relates to museums only, may appropriate for the purposes museum proof that Act a museum provided for the district under the principal vided under Act, and thereupon the Museums and Gymnasiums Act, 1891, shall principal Act. apply to the museum os if it were provided under that Act.

8. On the adoption of the principal Act for any library district. Notice to the library authority shall forthwith give notice in writing of such Local Govem-adoption to the Local Government Board. The library authority ment a

of every district in which the Act has already been adopted shall give the like notice within three months after the passing of this Act.

9. In any library district every person who is a parochial Definition of elector within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1894, shall be a voter for the purposes of the principal Act and this c 73> 10 *

34

Ch. 19.

Public Libraries Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Expenses of repairing damage from subsidence not to be reckoned in limitation of rate.

Act not to apply to Scotland.

Application of certain provisions to Ireland.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

Application to London of 54 & 55 Vict c. 22, and 56 & 57 Vict. c. 11.

Repeal.

Act; and parochial electors shall, for all the purposes of the principal Act, be substituted for county electors.

10. Where in any borough or urban district a building provided under the principal Act shall be damaged through the subsidence of the ground, any expenses incurred by the town council or urban district council in the repair of the damage thereto shall not be reckoned for the purposes of any limitation of rate under section two of the said principal Act.

Extent of Act

11. This Act shall not apply to Scotland.

Application of Act to Ireland.

12. The provisions of this Act enabling a library authority to make byelaws for purposes other than those relating to the Libraries Offences Act, 1898, and otherwise relating to such byelaws, shall extend to Ireland with the substitution of the Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts, 1855 to 1894, for the principal Act, and of sections two hundred and nineteen to two hundred and twenty‘three of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, for sections one hundred and eighty-two to one hundred and eighty*six of the Public Health Act, 1875, and of the expression "sanitary authority " for " local authority."

Application of the Museums and Gymnasiums Act, 1891, and

Public Libraries (Amendment) Act, 1893, to London.

13. The Museums and Gymnasiums Act, 1891, and the Public Libraries (Amendment) Act, 1893, shall extend to the administrative county of London, and for the purpose of such extension shall be modified as follows: —

The expression "urban authority" shall include the common council of the city of London and a metropolitan borough council, and the expression "district " or " urban district " shall include the city of London and a metropolitan borough;

Any expenses incurred by the common council of the city of London or by a metropolitan borough council under the Museums and Gymnasiums Act, 1891, so far as they are not defrayed by fees and other money received under the said Act, shall be defrayed in the manner in which expenses incurred by that council under the principal Act are payable.

Repeal.

14. The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

1901.

Public Libraries Act, 1901. Ch. 19, 20.

35

SCHEDULE.

Section 14.

[Short Title.]

Session. Extent of Repeal.

54 & 55 " Vict. The Museums and Gym- In section two, the words "or

c. 22. nasiums Act, 1891. " the administrative county of " London."

55 & 56 Vict. The Public Libraries Section three, in so far as it is

c. 53. Act, 1892. inconsistent with this Act. Sub-section one of section sixteen. Sub-section two of section eigh teen, and in sub-section three of the same section the words "but " the sanotion of the vestry " shall not be required for '* raising the sums from time " to time due from the parish " for meeting those expenses." So much of section twenty-seven as relates to the definition of a " voter." The First Schedule.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Youthful Offenders and for other purposes connected therewith.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where a child or young person, having been convicted of felony, is discharged in accordance with section sixteen of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, or the Probation of First Offenders Act, 1887, or otherwise, or is punished with whipping only, the conviction shall not be regarded as a conviction of felcmy for the purposes of section fifteen of the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, or of any disqualification attaching to felony.

2. — (1.) Where a child or young person is charged with any offence for the commission of which a fine, damages or costs may be imposed upon him by a court of summary jurisdiction, and there is reason to believe that his parent or guardian has conduced to the commission of the alleged offence by wilful default or by habitually neglecting to exercise due care of him, the court may, on information, issue a summons against the parent or guardian of the child or young person charging him with so contributing to the commission of the offence.

(2.) A summons to the child or young person may include a summons to the parent or guardian.

Removal of disqualifications attaching to felony. 42 & 4S Vict. c. 49.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 25.

29 & SO Vict. c. 118. Liability of parent or guardian in case of offence committed by child or young person.

36

Ch. 20.

Youthful Offenders Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Limitation of costs.

' Remand or, committal to place other than prison.

29 & 30 Vict c. 118.

(3.) The charge against the child or young person and the charge against the parent or guardian may be heard together, and for that purpose the proceedings against the child or young person may he adjourned.

(4.) When, after hearing the case, any fine, damages or costs are imposed upon the child or young person, and the court is satisfied that his parent or guardian has conduced to the commission of the offence by wilful default or by habitually neglecting to exercise due care of him, the court may order that the fine, damages or costs shall be paid by the parent or guardian instead of by the child or young person, and may also order the parent or guardian to give security for the good behaviour of the child or young person.

(5.) Any sums so imposed and ordered to be paid may be recovered from the parent or guardian by distress or imprisonment in manner provided by section twenty-one of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

(6.) A parent or guardian may appeal against an order made under this section to a court of quarter sessions.

(7.) Where a parent or guardian is ordered by the court to pay fine, damages or costs or to give security for the good behaviour of the child or young person, no further charge under this Act shall be brought against the parent or guardian in respect of any wilful default or habitual neglect to exercise due care of such child or young person prior to the making of such order, without prejudice to the liability of the parent or guardian for any subsequent wilful default or habitual neglect in respect of the same child or young person.

3. Where a child or young person is ordered by a court of summary jurisdiction to pay costs in addition to a fine, the amount of the costs so ordered to be paid shall in no case exceed the amount of the fine, and, except so far as the court may think fit to expressly order otherwise, all fees payable or paid by the informant in excess of the amount of costs so ordered to be paid shall be remitted or repaid to him, and the court may also order the fine or any part thereof to be paid to the informant in or towards the payment of his costs.

4. — (1.) A court of summary jurisdiction, on remanding or committing for trial any child or young person, may, instead of committing him to prison, remand or commit him into the custody of any fit person named in the commitment who is willing to receive him (due regard being had, where practicable, to the religious persuasion of the child), to be detained in that custody for the period for which he has been remanded, or until he is thence delivered by due course of law, and the person so named shall detain the child or young person accordingly; and if the child or young person escapes he may be apprehended without warrant and brought back to the custody in which he was placed.

(2.) The court may also exercise the like powers pending any inquiry concerning a child under section nineteen of the Industrial Schools Act, 1866.

1901. Youthful Offenders Act, 1901. Ch. 20. 37

(3.) The court may vary or revoke the remand or commitment, and, if it is revoked, the child or young person may be committed to prison.

(4.) The council of any county or borough or a school board may defray the whole or any part of the expenses of the maintenance of children and young persons in custody under this section.

(5.) Where a court makes an order under this section, the court may make an order on the parent or other person legally liable to maintain the child or young person, requiring that parent or person to pay, as a contribution towards the cost of maintaining the child or young person, such sum, not exceeding five shillings a week, as the court may think fit, during the whole or any part of the time of his custody. The payment shall be made to the inspector of reformatory and industrial schools, or to a constable or other person authorised by the inspector to receive the payment, and the money paid shall be applied under the direction of the Treasury towards the expenses incurred under this section.

(6.) There shall be paid, out of moneys provided by Parliament, towards the cost of maintaining any child or young person when in custody under this section, such contribution as may be fixed by regulations made by the Secretary of State with the approval of the Treasury.

(7.) Where a child or young person is placed in the custody of a fit person under this section, payments shall be made from the police fund of the place to which the child or young person is sent for his maintenance, in accordance with the regulations made by the Secretary of State; but the police fund shall be repaid through the inspector of reformatory and industrial schools out of the contribution so fixed.

5. A court of assize or quarter sessions may exercise the like Extension power of committing a child to an industrial school as may be ^mUto0 exercised by two justices or a magistrate under section fifteen of industrial the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and the provisions of that Act school, shall be construed accordingly.

6. — (1.) Where a court of summary jurisdiction makes an order Recovery of that a child or young person be sent to a certified reformatory or j^ntenance industrial school, the court may make at the same time such order from parent for a contribution to his support and maintenance on his parent, or person or other person legally liable to maintain him, as may be made by legally 1, able* justices or a magistrate under sections twenty-five and twenty-six of the Reformatory Schools Act, 1866, or under section forty of the 29 & so Vict Industrial Schools Act, 1866, or under any local Act relating to reformatory or industrial schools; and thereupon, subject to the 118< 1C' provisions of this Act, those enactments shall apply as if the order had been made on a complaint thereunder.

(2.) An order made on comphiint under any of those enactments may be enforced as an order of affiliation.

(3.) A certificate purporting to be under the hand of the inspector or an assistant inspector of reformatory and industrial schools, or in the case of a day industrial school of the superintendent of such school or an officer of the managers, or of the superintendent of the school in the case of anj7 school

38

Ch. 20.

Youthful Offender Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Appeals against orders for maintenance.

Contributions by county councils.

Contracts with school managers for weekly payments.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 86.

Rules.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

Definitions.

Power of court in Scotland to discharge

established under a local Act, stating that any sum due from a parent or other person for the maintenance of a child or young person is overdue and unpaid, shall be evidence of the facts stated therein.

(4.) Where a parent or other person has been ordered under this section or under any of the enactments mentioned therein to contribute to the support and maintenance of a child or young person, he shall give notice of any change of address to the inspector of reformatory and industrial schools or his agent, or in the case of any such school established under a local Act to the superintendent of the school, or in the case of a day industrial school to the superintendent of such school or an officer of the managers; and if he fails to do so, without reasonable excuse, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two pounds.

7. — (1.) Where an order is made under this Act on a parent or other person liable to maintain a child or young person, the order shall be served in the prescribed manner on the person on whom it is made, and shall be binding on him unless he makes an application against it within the prescribed time to the court on the ground either that he is not legally liable to maintain the child or young person, or that he is unable to contribute the sum specified in the order.

(2.) The court may confirm the order with or without modifications, or may rescind it.

(3.) Any such order may be enforced as an order of affiliation.

8. A county council which has contributed to the support of a child or young person in a reformatory or industrial school may contribute to the ultimate disposal of the child or young person.

9. Where a local authority acting in pursuance of the Acts relating to reformatory or industrial schools, or the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, agree to contribute a weekly payment towards the maintenance of any child in any reformatory or industrial school, the requirements of the first proviso to section twelve of the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and section twenty-eight of the Reformatory Schools Act, 1866, and of section fourteen of the Elementary Education Act, 1873 (relating to previous notice of intention to contribute), shall not apply to such contribution.

10. The power to make rules under section twenty-nine of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, shall extend to making rules for regulating the procedure under this Act, and for prescribing anything which may under this Act be prescribed.

11. In this Act the expressions "child, " "young person" and "guardian" have respectively the same meanings as in the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, except that the expression "guardian " includes the guardian of a young person as well as the guardian of a child.

12. In Scotland, if upon the hearing of a charge against a child or young person for an offence punishable on summary conviction under any Act, whether past or future, the court think that though

1901.

Youthful Offenders Act, 1901. Ch. 20.

89

the charge is proved the offence was in the particular case of so youthful

trifling a nature that it is inexpedient to inflict any punishment or

any other than a nominal punishment, the court, without proceeding punishment.

to conviction, may dismiss the charge and, if the court think fit,

may order the person charged to pay such damages, not exceeding

forty shillings, and such costs, or either of them, as the court think

reasonable.

13. — (1.) In Scotland, in addition to any other register required Register of by law, a separate register of convicted youthful offenders shall be

kept for every summary court by the chief constable or other offenders person charged with the duty of keeping registers of convictions, in Scotland.

(2.) This register shall apply to offenders of such age, and shall include such particulars, as may be directed by the Secretary for Scotland.

(3.) It shall be the duty of the keeper of the register, within three days after each conviction of an offender under fourteen years of age recorded therein, to transmit a copy of the entry relating to the offender to the clerk of the school board for the burgh or parish in which the offender resides.

14. Section five of the Summary Jurisdiction Over Children Extension of (Ireland) Act, 1884 (which gives power to deal summarily with *8^ict* young persons by consent), shall extend to all indictable offences

Other than homicide, and accordingly in that section for the words specified in the schedule to this Act " shall be substituted the words "other than homicide."

15. — (1.) In the application to Ireland of the Reformatory Application

Schools Act, 1893, for section four of that Act the following A^vict. provision shall be substituted: — c. 48., and

" Section twelve of the Irish Reformatory Schools Act, 1868, 57 & 68 vict-from the beginning of the section to the words ‘ and 32 y.c* provided also that’is hereby repealed, and the said section c. 59. shall be construed and have effect as if section one of this Act were substituted for the provisions of the said section hereby repealed."

(2.) The Industrial Schools Acts Amendment Act, 1894, shall extend to Ireland with the following modifications: —

(a) The Industrial Schools Act (Ireland), 1868, shall be sub- 31 & 32 Vict. stituted for the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and in particular c* 25, sections twenty-one and twenty-seven of the former Act shall

be substituted for sections twenty-seven and thirty-four respectively of the latter Act;

(b) The Chief Secretary shall be substituted for the Secretary of State;

(c) The passing of this Act shall be substituted for the passing of the said Act of 1894.

• 16. This Act, except the provisions thereof relating exclusively Application to Ireland, shall extend to Scotland with the modificationst0 Scotland* following, namely: —

(a) The Secretary for Scotland shall be substituted for the Secretary of State;

(b) The High Court of Justiciary shall be substituted for the court of assize;

40

Ch. 20.

Youthful Offenders Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 53.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 33.

(c) The county council or the town council of a burgh (including a police burgh) shall be substituted for the council of a county or borough;

(i d) Section thirty-three of the Summary Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1864, shall be substituted for section twenty-nine of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879;

(e) Theft shall be substituted for felony;

(f) A decree for aliment shall be substituted for an order of affiliation;

(g) The provision as to an appeal by a parent or guardian to quarter sessions shall not apply. But where a child or young person is charged before a court of summary jurisdiction other than a sheriff or stipendiary magistrate, and it appears to such court that proceedings under this Act should be taken against the parent or guardian of such child or young person, the court may remit the further proceedings in the case to the sheriff to be dealt with by him under this Act; and a court of summary jurisdiction other than a sheriff or stipendiary magistrate shall have no jurisdiction against the parent or guardian in respect of any offence constituted by this Act;

(h) The words " under a warrant of poinding and sale, and in default of recovery of sufficient goods by " shall be substituted for the words "by distress or " in subsection five of section two of this Act;

(i) Section eight of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1881, shall be substituted for section twenty-one of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

Application to Ireland.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 19.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 25.

31 & 82 Vict. c. 59.

17. This Act, except the provisions thereof relating exclusively to Scotland, shall extend to Ireland, with the modifications following, namely: —

(1.) Save as herein-after mentioned, the Summary Jurisdiction Over Children (Ireland) Act, 1884, shall be substituted for the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, and in particular section seven of the former Act shall be substituted for section sixteen of the latter Act;

(2.) Section twenty-five of the Irish Reformatory Schools Act, 1868, shall be substituted for section twenty-one of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879;

(3.) The Industrial Schools Act (Ireland), 1868, shall be substituted for the Industrial Schools Act, 1866, and in particular sections twelve, thirteen and thirty of the former Act shall be substituted for sections nineteen, fifteen and forty respectively of the latter Act;

(4.) The Irish Reformatory Schools Act, 1868, shall be substituted for the Reformatory Schools Act, 1866, and in particular sections twenty-three and twenty-four of the former Act shall be substituted for sections twenty-five and twenty-six respectively of the latter Act;

(5.) An order for maintenance under this Act may be enforced in the manner provided by section twenty-five of the Irish Reformatory Schools Act 1868;

1901.

Youthful Offenders, 1901. Ch. 20, 21.

41

(6.) The procedure regulating appeals under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts shall apply in the case of an appeal under section seven of this Act;

(7.) The Chief Secretary shall he substituted for the Secretary of State;

(8.) The Inspector and Assistant Inspector of Reformatory and Industrial Schools in Ireland shall be substituted for the Inspector and Assistant Inspector of Reformatory and Industrial Schools respectively;

(9.) Any reference to a school board or to an order of affiliation shall not apply;

(10.) Section nine (relating to contracts with school managers for weekly payments) shall not apply;

(11.) Payments required by this Act to be made from the police fund of a place shall be made by the police authorities of the district within which such place is situate, and those authorities shall be repaid in like manner as the said police fund;

(12.) For the provisions of this Act giving power to make rules under the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, the following provision shall be substituted: —

"The Lord Chancellor of Ireland may make rules for regulating the procedure under this Act and for prescribing anything which may under this Act be prescribed, and all rules so made shall be laid as soon as may be before both Houses of Parliament."

18. This Act may be cited as the Youthful Offenders Act, 1901, and shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and two.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[17th August 1901.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Short title and

commence *

meet.

42

Ch. 21.

Appropriation Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Issue of 86, 756, 285/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply

services.

54 & 55 Vict. C. 24.

Treasury may, in certain oases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided forj provided that the aggregate grants for the

Grant out of Consolidated Fiend.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two, the sum of eighty-six million seven hundred and fifty-six thousand two hundred and eighty-five pounds.

2. The Treasury may borrow from any person, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury-on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of eighty-six million seven hundred and fifty-six thousand two hundred and eighty-five pounds, and the Treasury shall repay the moneys so borrowed, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the said moneys were borrowed.

Any moneys so borrowed shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of one hundred and seventy-two million one hundred and fifty thousand three hundred and seventy-three pounds two shillings, are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule B. annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course, the department entrusted with the control over the said service shall forthwith make application in writing to the Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have been or which may

1901.

Appropriation, 1901.

Off, 21.

43

be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the navy service* same department, and in such application the department shall represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render respectively be such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury not exceeded, may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said department, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and array services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

5. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them by Sanction for

the Appropriation Act, 1899, have authorised expenditure not "*7 ""y

provided for in the sums appropriated by the said Act to certain *899-19ooun-r votes for naval and military services for the year ended on the provided for. thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred to be 62 & 63 Vict, temporarily defrayed out of surpluses effected by the saving of c*49, expenditure on other votes for naval and military eervices for the

said year, viz.,

1st. A sum of nine hundred and twenty-nine thousand seven hundred and sixty-four pounds and eightpence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

2nd. A sum of eight hundred and eighty-five thousand six hundred and eighty-one pounds fourteen shillings for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be Declaration

made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as *efore receipt may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury of wms before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant. appropriated.

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation short title. Act, 1901. Ch. 21. Appropriation Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A) £ *.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund ... 172, 150, 373 2 0

Sched. (A.)

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

1890-1900-1901.

Part 1. Civil Services Exoesses, 1899-1900, 2. Nav^(Supplementary), 1900-

f Army (Supplementary), 1900-

" "I Army (Ordnance Factories) I (Supplementary), 1900-1901, 4. Civil Services and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1900-1901 -

1901-1902.

, 5. Navy -

" (Army (Ordnance Factories)

, 7. Civil Services, Class I.

, 8. Ditto, Class IL

, 9. Ditto, Class III.

, 10. Ditto, Class IV.

, 11. Ditto, Class Y.

, 12. Ditto, Class VI.

, 13. Ditto, Class VII.

, 14. Earl Roberts of Kandahar

Total Civil Services -, 15. Revenue Departments, &c. Grand Total

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ «. d. £ s. d.

24 2 0 3, 663 5 11

1, 250,000 0 0 100,000 0 0

3,000,000 0 0 —

100 0 0 635,000 0 0

979, 231 0 0 19, 980 0 0

5, 229, 355 2 0 758, 643 5 11

30, 875, 500 0 0 1, 089, 473 0 0

87, 915,000 0 0 3, 866, 539 0 0

345,000 0 0 5, 192,000 0 0

2, 137, 715 0 0 84, 400 0 0

2, 616, 614 0 0 572, 986 0 0

3, 857, 779 0 0 713, 754 0 0

12, 795, 743 0 0 61, 593 0 0

8, 531, 957 0 0 102, 720 0 0

608, 968 0 0 145 0 0

60, 254 0 0 7, 800 0 0

100,000 0 0 —

30, 709, 030 0 0 1, 542, 898 0 0

17, 076, 488 0 0 487, 354 0 0

172, 150, 373 2 0 12, 936, 907 5 11

SCHEDULE (A)

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the years ended on the 31st March £ «. d.

1900 and 1901

Under Act 1 Edw. 7 c. 1. - 5, 229, 355 2 0

For the service of the year ending on 31st March 1902: —

Under Act 1 Edw. 7 c. 1. - - 44, 721, 500 0 0

Under Act 1 Edw. 7 c. ...... 35, 443, 233 0 0

Under this Act .... 86, 756, 285 0 0

<172.150.373 2 0

Total

1901.

Appropriation Act, 1901. Ch. 21.

45

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Civil Services Excesses, 1899-1900.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

Sum granted to make good excesses on certain Grants for Civil Services and Bevenne Departments, for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1900, via.: — Glass I. £ ». d. £ 8. d.

Peterhead Harbour - 2 2 0

Bates on Government Property Class VI. 10 0 0 20 9 6

Hospitals and Charities, Ireland -Revenue Departments. 2 0 0 2 9 2

Post Office ---- 10 0 0 3, 640 7 3

Total - 24 2 0 3, 663 5 11

SCHED. (B.) Past 1. Civil Services and Revenue Departments Excesses,

SCHEDULE (B.) — Past 2. Navy (Supplementary), 1900-1901.

Soiled. (B.) Pam 2.

Navy (Supple-mentary),

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure on Navy Services for the year 1900-1901. ended on the 31st March 1901, viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

Vote 1. Wages, &c. of Officers, &c. 500

Vote 2. Victualling and clothing for the Navy Vote 8. Shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c. 84,000 30,000

Section I. Personnel - 98, 500

Section II. Materiel - 630,000 70,000

Section III. Contract Work - 207,000

Vote 11. Miscellaneous effective services 230,000 —

1, 250,000 1 100,000

46

Ch. 21.

Appropriation Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Sored. (B.) Part 3.

Army

(Supple-

mentary),

1900-1901.

SCHED. (B.) Part 4.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1900-1901.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Army (Supplementary), 1900-1901.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure, due to the war in South Africa, for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1901; viz.: —

Transport and remounts - - 2,000,000

Provisions, forage and other supplies ... 1,000,000

Total - - £3,000,000

Army (Ordnance Factories) (Supplementary), 1900-1901.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

Sum granted to meet additional Expenditure for £ £

Army Ordnance Factories for the year ended 31st March 1901 100 635,000

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1900-1901.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1901; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class I.

For expenditure in respect of the Houses of Parliament buildings - For expenditure in respect of Art and Science buildings, Great Britain -

For expenditure in respect of Diplomatic and Consular buildings -

For expenditure in respect of Post Office and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain, not provided for on other votes -

For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c. in respect of Government property ... For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Act, 1889 -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

5,000 —

2, 500 —

2,000 —

7,000 —

35, 200 —

13,000 —

7,000

1901.

Appropriation Act, 1901,

Ch. 21.

47

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Soiled. (B.) Pam 4.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1900-1901.

Class II.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

For the salaries and expenses of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Lord Privy Seal - For the expenses of providing stationery, printing, paper, binding and printed books for the Public Service -

For the salaries and expenses of the Office of His Majesty's Secretary for Scotland, in respect of expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899 -

6,000

7, 200

1, 015

110,000

100

1, 400

Class HI.

For certain Miscellaneous Legal Expenses

400

Class IV.

For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection -

For the salaries and expenses of the University of London ....

3, 333

70

1, 500

1,000

Class V.

For expenses of His Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad, and of the Consular Establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote -

For grants in aid of the expanses of the British Protectorates in East Africa and in Somaliland - For sundry Colonial services, including certain grants in aid ..... For making good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury chests abroad in the year 1899-1900 -

15, 800

200,000

212, 300

66, 108

2,000

Class VI.

For superannuation and compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry statutes For making good deficiencies on the Income Accounts of the Funds for trustee savings banks, friendly societies and the Post Office Savings Banks ......

10,000

51, 758

48

Ch. 21.

Appropriation Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.) Part 4. Civil Services (Supple* meatary), 1900-1901.

SCHED. (B.) Part 5. Navy.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Class VII.

For the salaries and other expenses of temporary Commissions, committees and special inquiries - For certain miscellaneous expenses For making good certain sums written off from the assets of the local loans fund - - For a grant to their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York in aid of the expenses they may incur in connection with their visit to the Colonies .... For the expenses of the Funeral of Her late Majesty Queen Victoria - 9,000 4, 600 4, 337 | 20,000 35, 500; 1, 090

Total Civil Services - 829, 221 6, 090

Revenue Departments.

For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office Service, the expenses of the Post Office Savings Bank and Government Annuities and Insurances, and the collection of Post Office Revenue - For the expenses of the Post Office Packet Service 20,000 130,000 10 3.000 5.000 4, 990

Total Revenue Departments - 150, 010 12, 990

Total Civil Service and Revenue Departments - - 979, 231 19, 980

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1902; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For wages, &c. to 118, 625 officers, seamen and £ £

boys, coastguard and Royal marines -2. For the expense of victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling 5, 760,000 117.S08

establishments at home and abroad 1, 892, 300 497, 239

1901.

Appropriation Act, 1901. Ch. 21

49

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad 219,000 20, 913

4t For martial law, including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad 16, 200 81

5. For educational services ... 100, 600 28, 879

6. For scientific services .... 65, 800 20, 459

7. For the expenses of the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet reserve, and the retired officers and seamen pensioner reserve - 292, 100 136

' 8. Sect. 1. For the expense of the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad - 2, 684,000 12, 815

, Sect. 2. For the expense of the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad 5, 306, 500 175,000

, Sect. 3. For the expense of contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c. ... 6, 685, 500 72, 420

9. For naval armaments .... 3, 919, 700 64, 555

10. For works, buildings and repairs at home and abroad, inoluding the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid and other charges connected therewith 1, 023, 100 20,000

11. For various miscellaneous effective services > 359, 500 16, 104

12. For the expenses of the Admiralty Office 279, 600 9,000

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines 790, 900 12, 254

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities and compassionate allowances ... 1, 140, 100 21, 909

15. For civil pensions and gratuities 340, 600 401

Total Navy Services - £ 30, 875, 500 1, 089, 473

SCHED. (B.) Part 5. Navy.

D

50

Ch. 21

Appropriation Act, 1901.

1 Edw. T.

SCHED. (B.) Part 6.

Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1902; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

For the pay, allowances and other charges of His Majesty's Army at home and abroad (exclusive of India), and of the general staff, regiments and reserve (to a number not exceeding 450,000), and departments - For the pay, &c. of medical establishments and for medicines -

For the pay, bounty, &c. of the militia (to a number not exceeding 182, 879, including 50,000 militia reserve) ...

For the pay and miscellaneous charges of the yeomanry cavalry .... For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges of volunteer corps, including pay, &c. of the permanent staff -

For the expense of transport and remounts For provisions, forage and other supplies For clothing establishments and services - For the Supply and repair of warlike and other stores -

For the staff for engineer services and charges for Royal Engineer works, buildings and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases) -

For establishments for military education For miscellaneous effective services For the salaries and miscellaneous charges of the War Office ....

For retired pay, half-pay and other non-effective charges for officers and others For Chelsea and Kiimainham hospitals and the in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, and for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, for rewards for meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions to the widows and children of warrant officers, &c. ..... For superannuation, compensation and compassionate allowances, and gratuities

21, 657, 500

1, 088, 600

2, 662,000 375,000

1.230.000

15.977.000

18.782.000

4.825.000

- 13, 450,000

3.281.000

119.200

218.200

305,000

2.271.000

1, 485,000

188, 500

Total Army Services

£ ' 87, 915,000

1, 176,000

1, 500

15, 600

10

1, 200

181, 500

560, 500

372.000

482.000

137, 100

70, 400

9, 050

200

391, 651

467, 730

98

3, 866, 539

1901.

Appropriation Act, 1901. Ch. 21.

51

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Arm? (Ordnance Factories).

For the expense of the ordnanco factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy and Indian and Colonial Governments 345,000 5, 192,000

Total Arm? Services (including Ordnance \ Factories) - - £ J | 88, 260,000 9, 058, 539

SCHED. (B.)

Part 6. Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1902; viz.: —

Soiled. (B.)

Pam 7. Civil Set vices. Class I.

Ko.

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces and

Marlborough House (including a supplementary sum of 45, 6001.) -

2. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens

3. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of

Parliament buildings -3a. For the execution and erection of a statue in the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, to the memory of the late Right Honourable William Ewart Gladstone

4. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous

legal buildings -

5. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science

buildings. Great Britain

6. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and

consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad (including a supplementary sum of 5,000l.)

7. For the Customs, Inland Revenue, Post Office

and Post Office Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad, including furniture, fuel and sundry miscellaneous services (including a supplementary snm of 2,000l.) -

8. For expenditure in respect of sundry public

buildings in Great Britain not provided for on other votes (including a supplementary sum of 10, 500 I.)-

Sums not exceeding

S apply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

104, 600 111, 500 370 5, 800

38,000 300

2, 100

50,000 750

34,000 110

37,000 930

337,000 3,000

354, 500 16, 440

52

Ch. 21.

Appropriation Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

So HKD. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil Services. Class 1.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8. Civil Services. Class II.

Sotos not exceeding

Sopplj | Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 9. For the survey of the United Kingdom and for £ £

minor services connected therewith - 10. For maintaining certain harbours under the Board of Trade - 11. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at 210, 159 28, 600

5, 478 2, 600

Peterhead -12. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &o., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department, and for a contribution towards the expense, of the Metropolitan 23,000

Fire Brigade -13. For the erection, repairs and maintenance of publio buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, and for the maintenance of drainage works 514, 223 18, 700

on the River Shannon ... 14. For payments under the Tramways and Publio Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, and the Light Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1889 and 1893, the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895, and the 202, 677 6, 800

Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896 113, 478 —

Total Civil Services, Class I. - 2, 137, 715 j 84, 400

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil See vices herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1902; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the officoa of the House of Lords .... 7, 761 35,000

2. For salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons - 25, 100 34, 036

8. For salaries and other expenses of the department of His Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments .... 89, 272 3, 300

1901

Appropriation Act, 1901. Ch. 21.

53

Sums not exceeding

Supply | Appropria-

Grants. | tions in Aid.

No.

4. For salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices - 144, 880 7, 700

5. For salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs - 77, 076 600

6. For salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration 7. For salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council - 58, 500

12, 300 1, 534

7a. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Lord Privy Seal - 2, 920

8. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Pnvy Council for Trade and subordinate departments, including a grant in aid - - 192, 328 12, 900

9. For the salaries and expenses of certain services transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund and other services connected with the Mercantile Marine 95, 769 50, 950

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890 8 131, 926

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture and for paying certain grants in aid ---- 101, 094 9, 100

12. For salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales 36,650

13. For salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission - 44,625

14. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General 62, 656 2, 517

15. For salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies - - 7, 219 —

16. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board - 215, 269 5.000

17. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England 14, 962 1, 111

18. For salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of the coinage - 101 134, 300

19. For salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office - 13, 107 2, 350

20. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in England .... 23, 938

21. For salaries and expenses of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners 9 10, 100

22. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in England ..... 166, 430 8, 300

Sched. (B.)

Part 8. Civil Services. Class IL

54

Ch. 21.

Appropriation Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.) Part e.

Civil Services. Class II.

Sums not exceeding

Supplj Appropria-Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

23. For stationery, printing, paper, binding and printed books for the public service, and for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including the reports of Parliamentary Debates -

24. For salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and of the office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -

25. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -

26. For His Majesty's foreign and other secret services -

27. For salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices, and expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899, including a grant in aid of the Congested Districts (Scotland) Fund -

28. For salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays -

29. For salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland -

30. For salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in Scotland -

31. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board for Scotland, and for expenses under the Vaccination Act, Infectious Diseases Notification Act, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889. and Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, Public Health (Scotland) Act, Poor Law (Scotland) Act, and Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, 1875 to 1899

32. For salaries and expenses of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland

33. For salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums

34. For salaries and expenses of the department of agriculture and other industries and technical instruction for Ireland, and of the services administered by that department, including sundry grants in aid

35. For salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland -

36. For salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland -87. For salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of the State Papers in Dublin -

648, 037

22, 014

56, 450

65,000

33, 454

18, 545

6r104

33, 473

13, 778

4, 813

25, 676

140, 806

1, 963

66, 182

5, 242

90, 255

3, 400

52 5

75)

304

410

38

10,000

1901 *

Appropriation Act, 1901. Ch. 21.

5>

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 38. For salaries and expenses of the office of Public £ £

Works in Ireland ... 33, 940 2, 500

39. For salaries and expenses of the department of

the Registrar General of Births, Ac., and for

expenses of collecting emigration statistics in Ireland - 30, 278 650

40. For salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland - 16, 885 13, 400

Total Civil Services, Class II. £ 2.616, 614 572, 986

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1902; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants - Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers department, the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of His Majesty's Treasury, King’s Proctor and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions and of other legal proceedings and £ £

of Parliamentary Agency -2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, including grants in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Societies of England 72, 443 14, 200

and Ireland ..... 3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature as are not 49, 504 12, 731

charged on the Consolidated Fund 4. For salaries and expenses of the office of land 322, 287 53, 200

registry -5. For salaries and expenses connected with the 33, 193 —

County Courts .... 6. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary - 40, 906 433,000

53, 595 35

Sched. (B.) Part 8.

Civil Services. Clasi II.

SCHED. (B.) Part 9.

Civil Services Class 111.

56

Ch. 2L

Appropriation Act, 1901.

1 Edw. 7,

SCHED. (B.) Pa* 9.

CiTil Services. Class HI.

Sums not exceeding

No.

7. For the expenses of the prisons in England,

Wales and the Colonies ...

8. For the expense of the maintenance of juvenile

offenders in reformatory, industrial and day industrial schools in Great Britain, and of the Inspectors of Reformatories

9. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in

Broadmoor Criminal Lnnatio Asylum

10. For salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s department and other law chargee, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland -

11. For salaries and expenses of the offices in His Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh

12. For the expenses of the Establishment of the Crofters’ Commission

13. For the expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatios and the preparation of judicial statistics -

14. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland -

15. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission -

17. For the salaries, allowances and expenses and pensions of various county court officers, commissioners, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision

18. For salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, the police courts and metropolitan police establishment of Dublin

19. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary

20. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland and of the establishments under their control, and of the registration of habitual criminals -

21. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial schools in Ireland -

22. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland

Total Civil Sebvicjis, Class III.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

651, 713 30, 400

261, 809 25,000

44, 175 1, 070

84, 273 42, 650

42, 827 —

4, 990 —

88, 193 4, 550

70, 077 390

106, 468 2, 250

133, 542 15, 434

110, 390 4, 170

94, 204 1, 355, 621 49, 639 20, 785

115, 973 3, 250

110, 205 1,000

6, 391 1 —

j 3, 857, 779 713, 754

1901.

Appropriation Act, 1901. Ch. 21.

57

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1902: vis.: —

Sched. (B.) Part 10.

Civil Service*. Class IV.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Education and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid -

2. For salaries and expenses of the British Museum and of the Natural History Museum, including certain grants in aid

3. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures

4. For salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase of portraits -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection (Hertford House) -

6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, Ac., and other grants ...

7. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain

Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and expenses under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, lb89 -

8. For public education in Scotland and for

Science and Art in Scotland, including a grant in aid -

9. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manufactures in Scotland, in aid of the maintenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, &c.

10. For the expenses of the Commissioners of

National Education in Ireland, including a grant in aid of the Teachers Pension Fund, Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 5,000l.) -

11. For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners for managing certain school endowments in Ireland -

12. For salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures -

13. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Queen’s Colleges in Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

9, 747, 716 8, 618

166, 580 9, 625

16, 903 1, 600

5, 614 —

7, 788 1,000

53, 154 —

116, 700 —

1, 363, 881 —

3, 400 —

1, 305, 771 35, 250

920 —

2, 486 —

4, 800 •5, 500

12, 795, 743 61, 593

58

Ch. 21.

Appropriation Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.) Past 11.

Civil Services. Class V.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12/

Civil Services. Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11. CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the severed Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1902; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For expenses of His Majesty's embassies and

missions abroad, and of consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable on the Consular Vote -

2. For grants in aid of the expenses of the British

Protectorates in Uganda and in Central and East Afrioa and under the Uganda Railway Acts, 1896 and 1900 -

3. For sundry colonial services, including certain

grants in aid ....

4. For a grant in aid of the revenue of the Island of Cyprus -

5. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies -

6. For a grant in aid of the revenues of the

Transvaal and the Orange River Colony -

7. For making good the net loss on transactions

connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury Chests abroad in the year 1900-1901 ......

8. For the repayment of a Loan advanced through

the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation to the Viceroy of Wuchang

Total Civil Services, Class V.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid. 1

490, 052 89.720

530, 049

538, 006 —

16,000 —

1 77, 850 13,000

; 6, 500,000 —

1 305,000 —

75,000 —

8, 531, 957 102, 720

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1902; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. Grants. tions in Aid.

1. For superannuation, compensation and compassionate allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances and gratnities awarded by the Treasury, and for the salaries of medical £ £ i

referees ..... 585, 637 —

1901,

Appropriation, 1901. Ch. 21.

Sums not exceeding

Supply | Appropria-

Grants, j i tions in Aid.

No. 1 £ £

2. For certain pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to widows and children of masters and seamen 4, 200

3. For certain miscellaneous, charitable and other allowances - 1, 696

4. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous charitable and other allowances in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid - 17, 435 145

Total Civil Services, Class VL - £ 608, 968 145

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums whiqji may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1902; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For salaries and other expenses of temporary commissions, committees and special in- 20, 231

quiries -

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses (including 25, 773 7, 300

a supplementary sum of 16, 5601.) -

3. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund 14, 250

of certain miscellaneous advances -

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £ 60, 254 7, 300

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14.

EARL ROBERTS OF KANDAHAR.

Grant to Field-Marshal Earl Roberts of Kandahar, K.G., £

K.P., G.C.B., G.C.S.I., G.C.I.E., V.C., Commander-in-Chief of His Majesty's Forces, in recognition of his eminent services during the war in South Africa - 1C0, 0C0

59

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12. Civil Sendees. Class VL

SCHED. (B.) Part 13.

Civil Services. Class VII.

SCHED. (B.)

Tabt 14. Earl Bob :rU of KandnLnr.

60

Ch. 21, 22.

Appropriation, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.) Fast 15.

Revenue

Departments

&c.

Sanitary condition of factory.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

» Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, Ac., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1902; via.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For salaries and expenses of the Customs Department (including a supplementary sum of 40,000l.) 878, 300 53, 800

2. For salaries and expenses of the Inland Be venue Department - 2, 051, 713 14, 500

3. For salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks and Government annuities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office revenue 9, 328, 810 145, 270

4. For the expenses of the Post Office packet service 781, 085 183, 575

6. For salaries and working expenses of the Post Office telegraph service - 4, 036, 580 90, 209

Total Revenue Departments - £ 17, 076.488 4S7.354

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to consolidate with Amendments the Factory and Workshop Acts.

[17th August 1801.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Health and Safety.

(i.) Hea.

1. — (1.) The following provisions shall apply to every factory as defined by this Act, except a domestic factory: —

(a.) It must be kept in a cleanly state;

(b.) It must be kept free from effluvia arising from any drain, watercloset, earthcloset, privy, urinal or other nuisance;

(c.) It must not be so overcrowded while work is carried on therein as to be dangerous or injurious to the health of the persons employed therein;

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

61

(d.) It must be ventilated in such a manner as to render harmless, so far as is practicable, all the gases, vapours, dust or other impurities generated in the course of the manufacturing process or handicraft carried on therein, that may be injurious to health.

(2.) The provisions of section ninety-one of the Public Health 88 & 30 Vict. Act, 1875, with respect to a factory, workshop or workplace not 55* kept in a cleanly state, or not ventilated, or overcrowded, shall not apply to any factory to which this section applies.

(3.) For the purpose of securing the observance of the requirements in this section as to cleanliness in factories, all the inside walls of the rooms of a factory, and all the ceilings or tops of those rooms (whether those walls, ceilings or top3 are plastered or not), and all the passages and staircases of a factory, if they have not been painted with oil or varnished once at least within seven years, shall (subject to any special exceptions made in pursuance of this section) be limewashed once at least within every fourteen months, to date from the time when they were last limewashed; and, if they have been so painted or varnished, shall be washed with hot water and soap once at least within every fourteen months, to date from the time when they were last washed.

(4.) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that in any class of factories or parts thereof the provisions of this section with respect to lime washing or washing are not required for the purpose of securing therein the observance of the requirements of this Act as to cleanliness, or are by reason of special circumstances inapplicable, he may, if he thinks fit, by Special Order grant to that class of factories or parts thereof a special exception that the said provisions shall not apply thereto.

(5.) A factory in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

2. — (1.) The provisions of section ninety-one of the Public Sanitary Health Act, 1875, with respect to a factory, workshop or work- ^hops^nd place not kept in a cleanly state, or not ventilated, or overcrowded, workplans, shall apply to every factory, workshop and workplace, except any factory to which the last preceding section applies.

(2.) Every workshop and every workplace within the meaning of the Public Health Act, 1875, must be kept free from effluvia arising from any drain, watercloset, earthcloset, privy, urinal or other nuisance, and, unless so kept, shall be deemed to be a nuisance liable to be dealt with summarily under the law relating to public health.

(3.) Where, on the certificate of a medical officer of health or inspector of nuisances, it appears to any district council that the limewashing, cleansing or purifying of any such workshop or of any part thereof is necessary for the health of the persons employed therein, the council shall give notice in writing to the owner or occupier of the workshop to limewash, cleanse or purify the same or part thereof, as the case may require.

(4.) If the person to whom notice is so given fails to comply therewith within the time therein specified, he shall be liable to a

62

Cfl. 22.

Factory and Workshop, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 76.

Overcrowding of factory or workshop.

Power of Secretary of State to act in default of local authority.

Powers of inspector as to sanitary defects in

fine not exceeding ten shillings for every day during which he continues to make default, and the council may, if they think fit, cause the workshop or part to be lime washed, cleansed, or purified, and may recover in a summary manner the expenses incurred by them in so doing from the person in default.

(5.) This section shall not apply to any workshop or workplace to which the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, applies.

3. — (1.) A factory shall, for the purposes of this Act, and a workshop shall, for the purposes of the law relating to public health, be deemed to be so overcrowded as to be dangerous or injurious to the health of the persons employed therein, if the number of cubic feet of space in any room therein bears to the number of persons employed at one time in the room a proportion less than two hundred and fifty or, during any period of overtime, four hundred cubic feet of space to every person.

(2.) Provided that the Secretary of State may, by Special Order, modify this proportion for any period during which artificial light other than electric light is employed for illuminating purposes, and may, by like order, as regards any particular manufacturing process or handicraft, substitute for the said figures of two hundred and fifty and four hundred respectively any higher figures, and thereupon this section shall have effect as modified by the order.

(3.) Where a workshop or workplace, not being a domestic workshop, is occupied by day as a workshop and by night as a sleeping apartment, the Secretary of State may, by Special Order, modify the proportion of cubic feet of space prescribed by this section and substitute therefor any higher figures, and thereupon this section shall have effect as modified by the order.

(4.) There shall be affixed in every factory and workshop a notice specifying the number of persons who may be employed in each room of the factory or workshop by virtue of this section.

4. — (1.) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that the provisions of this Act, or of the law relating to public health in so far as it affects factories, workshops and workplaces, have not been carried out by any district council, he may, by order, authorise an inspector to take, during such period as may be mentioned in the order, such steps as appear necessary or proper for enforcing those provisions.

(2.) An inspector authorised in pursuance of this section shall, for the purpose of his duties thereunder, have the same powers with respect to workshops and workplaces as he has with respect to factories, and he may, for that purpose, take the like proceedings for enforcing the provisions of this Act or of the law relating to public health, or for punishing or remedying any default, as might be taken by the district council; and he shall be entitled to recover from the district council all such expenses in and about any proceedings as he may incur and as are not recovered from any other person.

5. — (1.) Where it appears to an inspector that any act, neglect or default in relation to any drain, watercloset, earthcloset, privy, ashpit, water-supply, nuisance or other matter in a factory or

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

Ch.

63

workshop is punishable or remediable under the law relating to public health, but not under this Act, that inspector shall give notice in writing of the act, neglect or default to the district council in whose district the factory or workshop is situate, and it shall be the duty of the district council to make such inquiry into the subject of the notice, and take such action thereon, as seems to that council proper for the purpose of enforcing the law, and to inform the inspector of the proceedings taken in consequence of the notice.

(2.) An inspector may, for the purposes of this section, take with hiin into a factory or a workshop a medical officer of health, inspector of nuisances or other officer of the district council.

(3.) Where notice of an act, neglect or default is given by an inspector under this section to a district council, and proceedings are not taken within one month for punishing or remedying the act, neglect or default, the inspector may take the like proceedings for punishing or remedying the same as the district council might have taken, and shall be entitled to recover from the district council all such expenses in and about the proceedings as the inspector incurs and as are not recovered from any other person and have not been incurred in any unsuccessful proceedings.

6. — (1.) In every factory and workshop adequate measures must be taken for securing and maintaining a reasonable temperature in each room in which any person is employed; but the measures so taken must not interfere with the purity of the air of any room in which any person is employed.

(2.) The Secretary of State may, by Special Order, direct, with respect to any class of factories or workshops, that thermometers be provided, maintained and kept in working order, in such place and position as may be specified in the order.

(3.) A factory or workshop in which there is any contravention of this section, or of any order under this section, shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

7. — (1.) In every room in any factory or workshop sufficient means of ventilation shall be provided, and sufficient ventilation shall be maintained.

(2.) The Secretary of State may., by Special Order, prescribe a standard of sufficient ventilation for any class of factories or workshops, and that standard shall be observed in all factories and workshops of that class; and an order made under this power may supersede any provision of this Act or order of the Secretary of State with respect to ventilation in cotton cloth factories.

(3.) A factory in which there is a contravention of the provisions of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act, and a workshop in which there is a contravention of the provisions of this section shall be deemed to be a nuisance liable to be dealt with summarily under the law relating to public health.

(4.) If the occupier of a factory or workshop (including a cotton cloth factory in which humidity of the atmosphere is artificially produced) alleges that the whole or part of the expenses of

factory or workshop remediable by sanitary authority.

Temperature in factories and workshops.

Ventilation.

G4 Ch. 22. Factory and Workshop 1901. 1 Edw. T.

Drainage of floors.

providing the means ot ventilation required by this Act ought to be borne by the owner, he may, by complaint, apply to a court of summary jurisdiction, and that court may make such order concerning the expenses or their apportionment as appears to the court to be just and equitable under the circumstances of the case, regard being had to the terms of any contract between the parties.

8. — (1.) In every factory or workshop or part thereof in which any process is carried on which renders the floor liable to be wet to such an extent that the wet is capable of being removed by drainage, adequate means shall be provided for draining off the wet.

(2.) A factory in which there is a contravention of the provisions of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act, and a workshop in which there is a contravention of the provisions of this section shall be deemed to be a nuisance liable to be dealt with summarily under the law relating to public health.

Sanitary conveniences in factories and workshops.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 59.

9. — (1.) Every factory and workshop must be provided with sufficient and suitable accommodation in the way of sanitary conveniences, regard being had to the number of persons employed in, or in attendiance at, the factory or workshop, and also where persons of both sexes are, or are intended to be, employed or in attendance, with proper separate accommodation for persons of each sex.

(2.) The Secretary of State shall, by Special Order, determine what is sufficient and suitable accommodation within the meaning of this section.

(3.) A factory or workshop in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

(4.) This section does not apply to the administrative county of London, or to any place where section twenty-two of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890, is in force.

(ii.) Safety.

Fencing of 10. — (1.) With respect to the fencing of machinery in a factory,

machinery. the following provisions shall have effect: —

(a.) Every hoist or teagle and every fly-wheel directly connected with the steam or water or other mechanical power, whether in the engine-house or not, and every part of any water wheel or engine worked by any such power, must be securely fenced; and

(6.) Every wheel-race not otherwise secured must be securely fenced close to the edge of the wheel-race; and (c.) All dangerous parts of the machinery and every part of the mill gearing must either be securely fenced, or be in such position or of such construction as to be equally safe to every person employed or working in the factory as it would be if it were securely fenced; and (d.) All fencing must be constantly maintained in an efficient state while the parts required to be fenced are in motion or use, except where they are under repair or under examination

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

65

in connexion with repair, or are necessarily exposed for the purpose of cleaning or lubricating or for altering the gearing or arrangements of the parts of the machine.

(2.) A factory in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

11. — (1.) Every steam boiler used for generating steam in a steam boilers, factory or workshop or in any place to which any of the provisions of this Act apply must, whether separate or one of a range —

(a) have attached to it a proper safety valve and a proper steam gauge and water gauge to show the pressure of steam and the height of water in the boiler; and

(b) be examined thoroughly by a competent person at least once in every fourteen months.

(2.) Every such boiler, safety valve, steam gauge and water gauge must be maintained in proper condition.

(3.) A report of the result of every such examination in the prescribed form, containing the prescribed particulars, shall within fourteen days be entered into or attached to the general register of the factory or workshop, and the report shall be signed by the person making the examination, and, if that person is an inspector of a boiler-inspecting company or association, by the chief engineer of the company or association.

(4.) A factory or workshop in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

(5.) This section shall not apply to the boiler of any locomotive which belongs to and is used by any railway company, or to any boiler belonging to or exclusively used in the service of His Majesty.

(6.) For the purposes of this section, the whole of a tenement factory or workshop shall be deemed to be one factory or workshop, and the owner shall be substituted for the occupier, and he shall register the report referred to in this section.

12. — (1.) In a factory erected on or after the first day of Regulation* as January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, the traversing carriage of any self-acting machine must not be allowed to run out mac mc9’ within a distance of eighteen inches from any fixed structure not being part of the machine, if the space over which it runs out is a space over which any person is liable to pass, whether in the course of his employment or otherwise. Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prevent any portion of the traversing carriage of any self-acting cotton spinning or woollen spinning machine being allowed to run out within a distance of twelve inches from any part of the head stock of another self-acting cotton spinning or woollen spinning machine.

(2.) A person employed in a factory must not be allowed to be in the space between the fixed and the traversing parts of a selfacting machine unless the machine is stopped with the traversing part on the outward run, but for the purpose of this provision the space in froDt of a self-acting machine shall not be included in the space aforesaid.

E

66

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Restrictions on cleaning when machinery is in motion.

Provision of means of escape in case of fire.

(3.) A woman, young person or child must not be allowed to work between the fixed and traversing part of any self-acting machine while the machine is in motion by the action of steam, water or other mechanical power.

(4.) A factory in which a traversing carriage is allowed to run out in contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act, and any person allowed to be in the space aforesaid or to work in contravention of this section shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the provisions of this Act.

13. — (1.) A child must not be allowed to clean in any factory —

(a) any part of any machinery; or

(b) any place under any machinery other than overhead mill gearing,

while the machinery is in motion by the aid of steam, water or other mechanical power.

(2.) A young person must not be allowed to clean any dangerous part of the machinery in a factory while the machinery is in motion by the aid of steam, water or other mechanical power; and for this purpose such parts of the machinery shall, unless the contrary is proved, be presumed to be dangerous as are so notified by an inspector to the occupier of the factory.

(3.) A woman or young person must not be allowed to clean such part of the machinery in a factory as is mill-gearing while the machinery is in motion for the purpose of propelling any part of the manufacturing machinery.

(4.) A woman, young person or child allowed to clean in contravention of this section shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the provisions of this Act.

14. — (1.) Every factory of which the construction was not commenced on or before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two and in which more than forty persons are employed and every workshop of which the construction was not commenced before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six and in which more than forty persons are employed must be furnished with a certificate from the district council of the district in which the factory or workshop is situate that the factory or workshop is provided with such means of escape in case of fire for the persons employed therein as can reasonably be required under the circumstances of each case, and if the factory or workshop is not so furnished it shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act; and it shall be the duty of the council to examine every such factory and workshop and, on being satisfied that the factory or workshop is so provided, to give such a certificate as aforesaid. The certificate must specify in detail the means of escape so provided.

(2.) With respect to all factories and workshops to which the foregoing provisions of this section do not apply and in which more than forty persons are employed, it shall be the duty of the district council of every district from time to time to ascertain whether all such factories and workshops within their district are provided with such means of escape as aforesaid and, in the case of any factory or workshop which is not so provided, to serve on

1901.

Ch. 22.

67

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

the owner of the factory or workshop a notice in writing specifying the measures necessary for providing such means of escape as aforesaid and requiring him to carry them out before a specified date, and thereupon the owner shall, notwithstanding any agreement with the occupier, hare power to take such steps as are necessary for complying with the requirements; and, unless the requirements are complied with, the owner shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one pound for every day that the non-compliance continues.

(3.) In case of a difference of opinion between the owner of the factory or workshop and the council under the last foregoing subsection, the difference shall, on the application of either party, to be made within one month after the time when the difference arises, be referred to arbitration, and thereupon the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect, and the award on the arbitration shall be binding on the parties thereto, and the notice of the council shall be discharged, amended or confirmed in accordance with the award.

(4.) If the owner alleges that the occupier of the factory or workshop ought to bear or contribute to the expenses of complying with the requirement, he may apply to the county court having jurisdiction where the factory or workshop is situate, and thereupon the county court, after hearing the occupier, may make such order as appears to the court just and equitable under all the circumstances of the case.

(5.) For the purpose of enforcing the foregoing provisions of this section, an inspector may give the like notice and take the like proceedings as under the foregoing provisions of this Act with respect to matters punishable or remediable under the law relating to public health but not under this Act, and those provisions shall apply accordingly.

(6.) The means of escape in case of fire provided in any factory or workshop shall be maintained in good condition and free from obstruction, and if it is not so maintained the factory or workshop shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

(7.) For the purposes of this section the whole of a tenement factory or workshop shall be deemed to be one factory or workshop, and the owner shall be substituted for the occupier.

(8.) All expenses incurred by a district council in the execution of this section shall be defrayed —

(a) In the case of an urban district council, as part of their expenses of the general execution of the Public Health Act, 1876; and

(b) In the case of a rural district council, as special expenses

incurred in the execution of the Public Health Act, 1875; and those expenses shall be charged to the contributory place in which the factory or workshop is situate.

15. Every district council shall, in addition to any powers which they possess with reference to the prevention of fire, have po A*cr to make byelaws providing for means of escape from fire in the case of any factory or workshop, and sections one hundred and eighty-two to one hundred and eighty-six of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply to any byelaws so made.

88 & 39 Vict c. 55.

Byelaws for means of escape from fire.

68

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Doors of factory or workshop to open from inside.

Power to make order as to dangerous machine.

Power to make order as to unhealthy or dangerous factory or workshop.

16. — (1.) While any person employed in a factory or workshop is within the factory or workshop for the purpose of employment or meals, the doors of the factory or workshop, and of any rcom therein in which any such person is, must not be locked or bolted or fastened in such a manner that they cannot be easily and immediately opened from the inside.

(2.) In every factory or workshop the construction of which was not commenced before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six, the doors of each room in which more persons than ten are employed shall, except in the case of sliding doors, be constructed so as to open outwards.

(3.) A factory or workshop in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

17. — (I.) A court of summary jurisdiction may, on complaint by an inspector and on being satisfied that any part of the ways, works, machinery or plant used in a factory or workshop (including a steam boiler used for generating steam) is in such a condition that it cannot be used without danger to life or limb, by order, prohibit its use or, if it is capable of repair or alteration, prohibit its use until it is duly repaired or altered.

(2.) Where a complaint has been made under this section, the court or a justice may, on application ex parte by the inspector and on receiving evidence that the use of any such part of the ways, works, machinery or plant involves imminent danger to life, make an interim order prohibiting, either absolutely or subject to conditions, the use thereof until the earliest opportunity for hearing and determining the complaint.

(3.) If there is any contravention of an order under this section, the person entitled to control the use of the part of the ways, works, machinery or plant shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings a day during the contravention.

18. — (1.) A court of summary jurisdiction may, on complaint by an inspector, and on being satisfied that any place used as a factory or workshop or as part of a factory or workshop is in such a condition that any manufacturing process or handicraft carried on therein cannot be so carried on without danger to health or to life or limb, by order, prohibit the use of that place for the purpose of that process or handicraft, until such works have been executed as are, in the opinion of the court, necessary to remove the danger.

(2.) Provided that proceedings shall not be taken under this section in cases where proceedings might be taken by or at the instance of any district council under the provisions of the law relating to public health, unless the inspector is authorised to take proceedings under the foregoing provisions of this Act with respect to the enforcement of sanitary provisions in workshops or with respect to matters punishable or remediable under the law relating to public health but not under this Act.

(3.) If there is any contravention of an order under this section, the occupier of the place shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings a day during the contravention.

1901.

Factory and Workshop, 1901. Ch. 22.

C9

(iii.) Accidents.

19. — (I.) Where there occurs in a factory or workshop any Notice of

accident which either — accidents

(a) causes loss of life to a person employed in the factory or l1 *, workshop; or bodily injury.

(b) causes to a person employed in the factory or workshop such bodily injury as to prevent him on any one of the three working days next after the occurrence of the accident from being employed for five hours on his ordinary work, written notice shall forthwith be sent to the inspector for the district

(2.) If the accident causes loss of life, or is produced either by machinery moved by steam, water or ether mechanical power or through a vat, pan or other structure filled with hot liquid or molten metal or other substance or by explosion or by escape of gas, steam or metal then, unless notice thereof is required by section sixty-three of the Explosives Act, 1875, to be sent to a38 & 39 Vict. Government inspector, notice thereof shall forthwith be sent to the c*17, certifying surgeon for the district

(3.) The notice shall state the residence of the person killed or injured and the place to which he has been removed.

(4.) If any notice required by this section to be sent with respect to an accident in a factory or workshop is not so sent, the occupier of the factory or workshop shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(5.) If any accident to which this section applies occurs to a person employed in an iron mill or blast furnace or other factory or workshop where the occupier is not the actual employer of the person killed or injured, the actual employer shall immediately report the same to the occupier, and in default shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounda

20. — (1.) Where a certifying surgeon receives, in pursuance of investigation this Act, notice of an accident in a factory or workshop, he shall, accidental^ with the least possible delay, proceed to the factory or workshop certifying and make a full investigation as to the nature and cause of the surgeon, death or injury caused by that accident and within the next twenty-four hours send to the inspector a report thereof.

(2.) The certifying surgeon, for the purpose only of an investigation under this section, shall have the same powers as an inspector and shall also have power to enter any room in a building to which the person killed or injured has been removed.

21. — (1.) Where a death has occurred by accident in a factory inquest in or workshop, the coroner shall forthwith advise the district of death inspector of the time and place of holding the inquest and, unless

an inspector or some person on behalf of the Secretary of State is workshop, present to watch the proceedings, the coroner shall adjourn the inquest and shall, at least four days before holding the adjourned inquest, send to the inspector notice in writing of the time and place of holding the adjourned inquest.

Provided that, if the accident has not occasioned the death of more than one person and the coroner has sent to the inspector

70

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, Idol.

1 Edw. 7.

Power to direct formal investigation accidents.

notice of the time and place of holding the inquest at such time as to reach the inspector not less than twenty-four hours before the time of holding the inquest, it shall not be imperative on him to adjourn the inquest in pursuance of this section if the majority of the jury think it unnecessary so to adjourn.

(2.) Any relative of any person whose death may have been caused by the accident with respect to which the inquest is being held and any inspector and the occupier of the factory or workshop in which the accident occurred and any person appointed by the order in writing of the majority of the workpeople employed in the factory or workshop shall be at liberty to attend at the inquest and, either in person or by his counsel, solicitor or agent, to examine any witness, subject nevertheless to the order of the coroner.

22. Where it appears to the Secretary of State that a formal f investigation of any accident occurring in a factory or workshop and its causes and circumstances is expedient, the Secretary of State may direct that such an investigation be held, and with respect to any such investigation the following provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The Secretary of State may appoint a competent person to hold the investigation and may appoint any person or persons possessing legal or special knowledge to act as assessor or assessors in holding the investigation;

(2.) The person or persons so appointed (herein-after called "the court") shall hold the investigation in open court in such manner and under such conditions as the court may think most effectual for ascertaining the causes and circumstances of the accident and enabling the court to make the report in this section mentioned;

(3.) The court shall have, for the purpose of the investigation, all the powers of a court of summary jurisdiction when acting as a court in hearing informations for offences against this Act and all the powers of an inspector under this Act and in addition the following powers, namely:—

(a.) Power to enter and inspect any place or building the entry or inspection whereof appears to the court requisite for the said purpose;

(b.) Power, by summons signed by the court, to require the attendance of all such persons as it thinks fit to call before it and examine For the said purpose, and for that purpose to require answers or returns to such inquiries as it thinks fit to make;

(c.) Power to require the production of all boohs, papers and documents which it considers important for the said

purpose;

(d.) Power to administer an oath and require any person examined to make and sign a declaration of the truth of the statements made by him in his examination:

(4.) Persons attending as witnesses before the court shall be allowed such expenses as would be allowed to witnesses attending before a court of record; and, in case of dispute as

1901.

Factory and Workshop, 1901. Ch. 22.

71

to the amount to be allowed, the same shall be referred by the court to a master of one of His Majesty's superior courts who, on request signed by the court, shall ascertain and certify the proper amount of the expenses:

(5.) The court holding an investigation under this section shall make a report to the Secretary of State stating the causes of the accident and its circumstances and adding any observations which the court thinks right to make:

(6.) All expenses incurred in and about an investigation under this section (including the remuneration of any person appointed to act as assessor) shall be deemed to be part of the expenses of the Secretary of State in the execution of this Act:

(7.) Any person who without reasonable excuse (proof whereof shall lie on him) either fails after having had the expenses (if any) to which he is entitled tendered to him, to comply with any summons or requisition of a court holding an investigation under this section, or prevents or impedes the court in the execution of its duty, shall for every such offence be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds and, in the case of a failure to comply with a requisition for making any return or producing any document, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds for every day that such failure continues.

The Secretary of State may cause any special report of an inspector or any report of a court under this Part of this Act to be made public at such time and in such manner as he may think fit.

Part II.

Employment.

(i.) Hour8 and Holidays.

23. A woman, young person or child shall not be employed in a factory or workshop except during the period of employment herein-after mentioned.

24. With respect to the employment of women and youDg persons in a textile factory, the following regulations shall be observed:

(1.) The period of employment, except on Saturday, shall either begin at six o’clock in the morning and end at six o’clock in the evening or begin at seven o’clock in the morning and end at seven o’clock in the evening;

(2.) The period of employment on Saturday shall begin either at six o’clock or at seven o’clock in the morning;

(3.) Where the period of employment on Saturday begins at six o’clock in the morning, that period —

(a.) If not less than one hour is allowed for meals, shall end at noon, as regards employment in any manufacturing process, and at half-past twelve o’clock in the afternoon, as regards employment for any purpose whatever; and (6.) If less than one hour is allowed for meals, shall end at half-past eleven o’clock in the forenoon, as regards

Restriction* on period of employment of women, young persons and children.

Hours of employment in textile factories — young persons and women.

72

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

employment in any manufacturing process, and at noon, as regards employment for any purpose whatever;

(4.) Where the period of employment on Saturday begins at seven o’clock in the morning, that period shall end at half-past twelve o’clock in the afternoon, as regards any manufacturing process, and at one o’clock in the afternoon, as regards employment for any purpose whatever;

(5.) There shall be allowed for meals during the said period of employment in the factory —

(a) on every day except Saturday not less than two hours, of which one hour at the least, either at the same time or at different times, shall be before three o'clock in the afternoon;

(b) on Saturday not less than half an hour;

(6.) A woman or young person shall not be employed continuously for more than four hours and a half without an interval of at least half an hour for a meal.

I loan of employment in textile factories — children.

25. With respect to the employment of children in a textile factory, the following regulations shall be observed: —

(1.) Children shall not be employed except on the system either of employment in morning and afternoon sets or of employment on alternate days only.

(2.) The period of employment for a child in a morning set shall, except on Saturday, begin at the same hour as if the child were a young person and end either —

(a) at one o’clock in the afternoon; or

(b) if the dinner time begins before one o'clock, at the beginning of dinner time; or

(c) if the dinner time does not begin before two o’clock, at noon.

(3.) The period of employment for a child in an afternoon set shall, except on Saturday, begin either —

(a) at one o’clock in the afternoon; or

(b) at any later hour at which the dinner time terminates; or

(c) if the dinner hour does not begin before two o’clock, and the morning set ends at noon, at noon; and shall end at the same hour as if the child were a young person.

(4.) The period of employment for any child on Saturday shall begin and end at the same hour as if the child were a young person.

(5.) A child shall not be employed in two successive periods of seven days in the morning set, nor in two successive periods of seven days in an afternoon set, and a child shall not be employed on two successive Saturdays, nor on Saturday in any week if on any other day in the same week his period of employment has exceeded five hours and a half.

(6.) When a child is employed on the alternate day system the period of employment for such child and the time allowed for meals shall be the same as if the child were a young person, but the child shall not be employed on two successive days.

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

73

and shall not be employed on the same day of the week in two successive weeks.

(7.) A child shall not on either system be employed continuously for more than four hours and a half without an interval of at least half an hour for a meal.

26. With respect to the employment of women and young persons in a non-textile factory and a workshop, the following regulations shall be observed: —

(1.) The period of employment, except on Saturday, shall (save as is in this Act specially excepted) either begin at six o’clock in the morning and end at six o’clock in the evening, or begin at seven o’clock in the morning and end at seven o’clock in the evening, or begin at eight o’clock in the morning and end at eight o’clock in the evening.

(2.) The period of employment on Saturday shall (save as is in this Act specially excepted) begin at six o’clock in the morning and end at two o’clock in the afternoon, or begin at seven o’clock in the morning and end at three o’clock in the afternoon, or begin at eight o’clock in the morning and end at four o’clock in the afternoon.

(3.) There shall be allowed for meals during the said period of employment in the factory or workshop —

(a) on every day except Saturday not less than one hour and a half, of which one hour at the least, either at the same time or at different times, shall be before three o’clock in the afternoon; and

(b) on Saturday not less than half an hour.

(4.) A woman or a young person in a non-textile factory and a young person in a workshop shall not be employed continuously for more than five hours without an interval of at least half an hour for a meal.

27. With respect to the employment of children in a nontextile factory and a workshop, the following regulations shall be observed: —

(1.) Children shall not be employed except either on the system of employment in morning and afternoon sets, or (in a factory or workshop in which not less than two hours are allowed for meals on every day except Saturday) on the system of employment on alternate days only.

(2.) The period of employment for a child in the morning set on every day, including Saturday, shall begin at six or seven or eight o’clock in the morning and end either —

(a) at one o’clock in the afternoon; or

(i b)if the dinner time begins before one o’clock, at the beginning of dinner time; or

(c) if the dinner time does not begin before two o’clock, at noon.

(3.) The period of employment for a child in an afternoon set on every day, including Saturday, shall begin either —

(a) at one o’clock in the afternoon; or

(b) at any hour, later than half-past twelve, at which the dinner time terminates; or

Hoars of employment in non-textile factories and workshops — young persons and women.

Hours of employment in non-textile factories and workshops — children.

74

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

(c) if the dinner time does not begin before two o’clock and the morning set ends at noon, at noon; and shall end on Saturday at two o’clock in the afternoon, and on any other day at six or seven or eight o’clock in the evening, according as the period of employment for children in the morning set began at six or seven or eight o’clock in the morning.

(4.) A child shall not be employed in two successive periods of seven days in a morning set, nor in two successive periods of seven days in an afternoon set, and a child shall not be employed on Saturday in any week in the same set in which be has been employed on any other day of the same week.

(5.) When a child is employed on the alternate day system —

(a) The period of employment for such a child shall, except on Saturday, either begin at six o’clock in the morning and end at six o’clock in the evening, or begin at seven o’clock in the morning and end at seven o’clock in the evening, or begin at eight o’clock in the morning and end at eight o’clock in the evening;

(b) The period of employment for such child shall on Saturday begin at six or seven o’clock in the morning and end at two o’clock in the afternoon, or begin at eight o’clock in the morning and end at four o’clock in the afternoon;

(c) There shall be allowed to such child for meals during the said period of employment not less, on any day except Saturday, than two hours and, on Saturday, than half an hour; but

(d) The child shall not be employed in any manner on two successive days, and shall not be employed on the same day of the week in two successive weeks.

(6.) A child shall not, on either system, be employed continuously for more than five hours without au interval of at least half an hour for a meal.

28. In print works and bleaching and dyeing works the period of employment for a woman, young person and child and the times allowed for meals shall be the same as if the works were a textile factory, and the regulations of this Act with respect to the employment of women, young persons and children in a textile factory shall apply accordingly, as if print works and bleaching and dyeing works were textile factories; save that nothing in this section shall prevent the continuous employment of a woman, young person or child in the works for five hours without an interval of half an hour for a meal.

29. — (1.) In a workshop which is conducted on the system of provisions as to not employing therein either children or young persons, and the i^women’s1 occupier of which has served on an inspector notice of his intention workshops. to conduct his workshop on that system —

(a) The period of employment for a woman shall, except on Saturday, be a specified period of twelve hours taken between six o’clock in the morning and ten o’clock in the evening, and shall on Saturday be a specified period of eight hours taken between six o’clock in the morning and four o’clock in the afternoon; and

Hours of employment in print works and bleaching and dyeing works.

Special

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

75

(b) There shall be allowed to a woman for meals and absence from work during the period of employment a specified period not less, except on Saturday, than one hour and a half, and on Saturday than half an hour.

(2.) Where the occupier of a workshop has served on an inspector notice of his intention to conduct that workshop on the system of not employing children or young persons therein, the workshop shall be deemed to be conducted on that system until the occupier changes it, and no change shall be made until the occupier has served on the inspector notice of his intention to change the system, and until the change a child or young person employed in the workshop shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the provisions of this Act. A change in the system shall not be made o/tener than once a quarter, unless for special cause allowed in writing by an inspector.

30. In a non-textile factory or workshop where a woman or Special young person has not beeu actually employed for more than eight provision as to hours on any day in a week, and notice of such non-employment employment of has been affixed in the factory or workshop and served on the women and inspector, the period of employment on Saturday in that week for young persons, that woman or young person may be from six o’clock in the morning to four o’clock in the afternoon, with an interval of not less than two hours for meals.

31. — (1.) A child must not, except during the period of employ- Restriction on ment, be employed in the business of a factory or workshop outside the factory or workshop on any day during which the child is ootsidriactory employed in the factory or workshop. or workshop

(2.) A woman or young person must not, except during the on 8ame da*-period of employment, be employed in the business of a factory or workshop outside the factory or workshop on any day during which the woman or young person is employed in the factory or workshop both before and after the dinner hour.

(3.) For the purposes of this section a woman, young person or child to or for whom any work is given out, or who is allowed to take out any work to be done by him or her outside .a factory or workshop, shall be deemed to be employed outside the factory or workshop on the day on which the work is so given or taken out.

(4.) If a woman or young person is employed by the occupier of a factory or workshop on the same day both in the factory or workshop and in a shop, then —

(a) the whole time during which that woman or young person is employed shall not exceed the number of hours permitted by this Act for her or his employment in the factory or workshop on that day; and

(5) if the woman or young person is employed in the shop, except during the period of employment fixed by the occupier and specified in a notice affixed in the factory or workshop in pursuance of this Act, the occupier shall make the prescribed entry in the general register with regard to her or his employment

(5.) This Act shall apply as if any woman, young person or child employed in contravention of this section were employed in a factory or workshop contrary to the provisions of this Act.

76

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Notice fixing hours of employment, &c.

Meal times to be simultaneous, and employment during meal times forbidden.

Prohibition of

Sunday

employment.

Annual holidays and half holidays.

32. — (1.) The occupier of every factory and workshop may fix within the limits allowed by this Act and shall, subject to any special exceptions made by or in pursuance of this Act, specify in a notice which must be affixed in the factory or workshop —

(a) The period of employment;

(b) The times allowed for meals; and

(c) Whether the children are employed on the system of morning and afternoon sets or of alternate days.

(2.) In a factory or workshop where such a notice is required to be affixed, the period of employment, the times allowed for meals and the system of employment for all the children in the factory or workshop shall be those for the time being specified in the notice.

(3.) A change in the said period or times or system shall not be made until the occupier has served on an inspector and affixed in the factory or workshop notice of his intention to make the change and shall not be made oftener than once a quarter, unless for special cause allowed in writing by an inspector.

(4.) Where an inspector, by notice in writing, names a public clock or some other clock open to public view, for the purpose of regulating the period of employment in a factory or workshop, the period of employment and the times allowed for meals in that factory or workshop shall be regulated by that clock.

33. With respect to meals the following regulations shall (save as is in this Act specially excepted) be observed in a factory and workshop: —

(1.) All women, young persons and children employed therein shall have the times allowed for meals at the same hour of the day; and

(2.) A woman, young person or child shall not, during any part of the times allowed for meals in the factory or workshop, be employed in the factory or the workshop or be allowed to remain in a room in which a manufacturing process or handicraft is then being carried on.

34. A woman, young person or child shall not (save as is in this Act specially excepted) be employed on Sunday in a factory or workshop.

35. — (1.) Subject to any special exceptions made by or in pursuance of this Act, the occupier of a factory or workshop shall allow in each year to every woman, young person and child employed in the factory or workshop the following holidays:—

In England there shall be allowed as whole holidays —

Christmas Day, Good Friday and every Bank holiday, unless, in lieu of any of those days, another whole holiday or two half holidays, fixed by the occupier, be allowed.

In Scotland there shall be allowed —

(a) In burghs or police burghs, as whole holidays, the two days set apart by the Church of Scotland for the observance of the Sacramental Fast in the parish or, if those fast days have been abolished or discontinued, two days, not less than three months apart, to be fixed by the town council;

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

77

elsewhere, two whole holidays, not less than three months apart, fixed by the occupier;

(h) Eight half holidays fixed by the occupier, but a whole holiday, fixed by the occupier, inny be allowed in lieu of any two half holidays.

In Ireland there shall be allowed —

(a) Christmas Day;

(l>) Any two of the following days, fixed by the occupier, namely, the seventeenth of March (when it does not fall on a Sunday), Good Friday, Easter Monday and Easter Tuesday;

(c) Six half holidays, fixed by the occupier, but a whole holiday, fixed by the occupier, may be allowed in lieu of any two half holidays.

(2.) At least half of the said whole holidays or half holidays shall be allowed between the fifteenth day of March and the first day of October in every year.

(3.) A notice of every whole holiday or half holiday must be affixed in the factory or workshop during the first week in January, and a copy thereof must on the same day be forwarded to the inspector for the district, and unless the notice has been so affixed and sent cessation from work shall not be deemed to be a whole holiday or a half holiday:

Provided that —

(a) this subsection does not apply in the case of a whole holiday in a factory or workshop in England or Wales if the whole holiday is Christmas Day or Good Friday or a Bank holiday;

(b) any such notice may be changed by a subsequent notice affixed and sent in like manner not less than fourteen days before the holiday or half holiday to which it applies.

(4.) A half holiday shall comprise at least one half of the period of employment for women and young persons on some day other than Saturday or a day substituted for Saturday.

(5.) A woman, young person or child who —

(a) on a whole holiday fixed by or in pursuance of this section for a factory or workshop is employed in the factory or workshop; or

(b) on a half holiday fixed in pursuance of this section for a factory or workshop is employed in the factory or workshop during the portion of the period of employment assigned for that half holiday;

shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the provisions of this Act.

(6.) If in a factory or workshop such whole holidays or half holidays as are required by this section are not fixed in conformity therewith, the occupier of the factory or workshop shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(ii.) Special Exceptions as to Hours and Holidays.

38. Where it is proved to the satisfaction of a Secretary of Employment State that the customs or exigencies of the trade carried on in any Md9p!nf.m" '

certain cases.

78

Ch. 22.

Factory cmd Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

class of non'textile factories or workshops or parts thereof, either generally or when situate in any particular locality, require that the special exception hereafter in this section mentioned should be granted, and that the grant can be made without injury to the health of the women, young persons and children affected thereby, he may, by Special Order, grant to that class of factories or workshops or parts thereof a special exception that the period of employment for women and young persons therein, if so fixed by the occupier and specified in the notice, may on any day except Saturday begin at nine o’clock in the morning and end at nine o’clock in the evening, and in that case the period of employment for a child in a morning set shall begin at nine o’clock in the morning and the period of employment for a child in an afternoon set shall end at eight o’clock in the evening.

Employment 37. — (1.) In the part of a textile factory in which a machine

°enons abort manufacture of lace is moved by steam, water or other

leinfecc TC mechanical power, the period of employment for any male young factories. person above the age of sixteen years may be between four o’clock in the morning and ten o’clock in the evening, if he is employed in accordance with the following conditions; namely: —

(a) Where lie is employed on any day before the beginning or after the end of the ordinary period of employment, there must be allowed him for meals and absence from work between the above-mentioned hours of four in the morning and ten in the evening not less than nine hours; and

(b) Where he is employed on any day before the beginning of the ordinary period of employment, he must not be employed on the same day after the end of that period; and

(c) Where he is employed on any day after the end of the ordinary period of employment, he must not be employed next morning before the beginning of the ordinary period of employment.

(2.) For the purpose of this exception the ordinary period of employment means the period of employment for women or young persons under the age of sixteen years in the factory or, if none are employed, means such period as can under this Act be fixed for the employment of women and young persons under the age of sixteen years in the factory, and notice of such period shall be affixed in the factory.

Employment 38. — (1.) In the part of a bakehouse in which the process of °ersons above baking bread is carried on, the period of employment for any male ie7u bake-V<5 young person above the age of sixteen years may be between five houses. o’clock in the morning and nine o’clock in the evening, if he is

employed in accordance with the following conditions; namely: —

(a) Where he is employed on any day before the beginning or after the end of the ordinary period of employment, there must be allowed him for meals and absence from work between the above-mentioned hours of five in the morning and nine in the evening not less than seven hours; and

(b) Where he is employed on any day before the beginning of the ordinary period of employment, he must not be employed on the same day after the end of that period; and

1901.

Factory and Workshop, 1901. Ch. 22.

79

(c) Where he is employed on any day after the end of the ordinary period of employment, he must not be employed next morning before the beginning of the ordinary period of employment.

(2.) For the purposes of this exception the ordinary period of employment means the period of employment for women or young persons under the age of sixteen years in the bakehouse or, if none are employed, means such period as can under this Act be fixed for the employment of women and young persons under the age of sixteen years in the bakehouse, and notice of that period shall be affixed in the bakehouse.

39. — (1.) In any of the textile factories to which this exception Five hours’ applies, a woman, young person or child may, between the first 8Pe, 1.in day of November and the last day of March next following, be factorfe*?*11 employed continuously for five hours without an interval for a

meal; provided that, —

(a) the period of employment fixed by the occupier and specified in the notice begins at seven o’clock in the morning; and

(b) the whole time between that hour and eight o’clock is allowed for meals.

(2.) This exception applies to textile factories solely used for —

(a) the making of elastic web; or

(b) the making of ribbon; or

(c) the making of trimming.

(3.) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that in any class of textile factories, either generally or when situate in any particular locality, the customary habits of the persons employed therein require the extension thereto of this exception and that the manufacturing process carried on therein is of a healthy character and the extension can be made without injury to the health of the women, young persons and children affected thereby, he may, by Special Order, extend this exception accordingly. The limitation of this exception to the period between the first day of November and the following last day of March shall not, if the Secretary of State by Special Order so directs, apply to hosiery factories. 40

40. — (1.) The provisions of this Act which require that all the Different meal

women, young persons and children employed in a factory or ti.me8 for workshop must have the times allowed for meals at the same hour an^employ-8’ of the day shall not apply to the following factories, namely:— ment during

(i) Blast furnaces, or , imM '

(ii) Iron mills, or

(iii) Paper mills, or

(iv) Glass works, or

(v) Letter-press printing works.

(2.) The provisions of this Act which require that a woman, young person or child shall not during the times allowed for meals be employed or be allowed to remain in a room in which a

80

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Special exceptions ns to fish and fruit preserving.

manufacturing process or handicraft is being carried on shall not, apply to the following factories, namely: —

(i) Iron mills, or

(ii) Paper mills, or

(iii) Glass works (except any part in which the materials are mixed and, in the case of glass works where flint glass is made, any part in which the work of grinding, cutting or polishing is carried on), or

(iv) Letter-press printing works.

(3.) In that part of any print works or bleaching and dyeing works in which the process of dyeing or open-air bleaching is carried on —

(i) A male young person may have the times allowed him for meals at different hours of the day from other young persons and women and children employed in the factory;

(ii) A male young person may, during the times allowed for meals to any other young person or to any woman or child, be employed or be allowed to remain in a room in which a manufacturing process is carried on; and

(iii) During the times allowed for meals to a male young person, any other young person or any woman or child may be employed in the factory or be allowed to remain in a room in which a manufacturing process is carried on.

(4.) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that in an}7 class of factories or workshops or parts thereof it is necessary, by reason of the continuous nature of the process or of special circumstances affecting that class, to extend thereto both or either of the following exceptions, namely: —

(a) an exception permitting the women, young persons and children employed in the factory or workshop to have the times allowed for meals at different hours of the day; or

(b) an exception permitting women, young persons and children, during the times allowed for meals in the factory or workshop, to be employed in the factory or workshop or to be allowed to remain in a room in which a manufacturing process or handicraft is being carried on,

and that the extension can be made without injury to the health of the women, young persons and children, affected thereby, he may, by Special Order, extend both or either of those exceptions accordingly.

41. — (1.) The provisions of this Act as to period of employment, times for meals and holidays shall not apply to young persons and women engaged —

(a) in processes in the preserving and curing of fish which must be carried out immediately on the arrival of the fishing boats in order to prevent the fish from being destroyed or spoiled; or

(b) in the process of cleaning and preparing fruit so far as is necessary to prevent the spoiling of the fruit immediately on its arrival at a factory or workshop during the months of June, July, August and September, but this exception shall be subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State may by Special Order prescribe.

1001.

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop, 1001.

81

(2) Where an occupier avails himself of this exception, the notice required to be served and affixed by an occupier of a factory or workshop availing himself of any special exception need not specify the hours for the beginning and end of the period of employment or the times to be allowed for meals.

42. In the case of creameries in which women and young Special persons are employed, the Secretary of State may, by Special Order, to creameries vary the beginning and end of the daily period of employment of

those women and young persons and the times allowed for their meals and allow their employment for not more than three hours on Sundays and holidays:Provided that the order shall not permit any excess over either the daily or the weekly maximum number of hours of employment allowed by this Act.

43. Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of Substitution of State that the customs or exigencies of the trade carried on in any

class gf non-textile factories or workshops, either generally or when 0 ur ay‘ situate in any particular locality, require some other day in the week to be substituted for Saturday as regards the hour at which the period of employment for women, young persons and children is required by this Act to end on Saturday, he may, by Special Order, grant to that class of factories or workshops a special exception, authorising the occupier of every such factory and workshop to substitute by a notice affixed in his factory or workshop some other day for Saturday, and in that case this Act shall apply in the factory or workshop in like manner as if the substituted day were Saturday and Saturday were an ordinary work day. In the case of newspaper printing offices, he may by such order authorise the substitution of some other day for Saturday in respect of some of the young persons therein employed. 44 45 46

44. In the process of Turkey red dyeing the period of employ- Saturday

ment for women and young persons on Saturday may extend until iD

half-past four o’clock in the afternoon, but the additional number ageing! *

of hours so worked shall be computed as part of the week’s limit of work, which must in no case be exceeded.

45. Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of Holidays on State that the customs or exigencies of the trade carried on in any j^fYlfferent class of non-textile factories or workshops, either generally or when gelB> situate in any particular locality, require that the special exception hereafter in this section mentioned should be granted, he ma}T, by

Special Order, grant to that class of factories or workshops a special exception authorising the occupier of any such factory or workshop to allow all or any of the annual whole holidays or half holidays on different days to any of the women, young persons and children employed in his factory or workshop, or to any sets of those women, young persons and children, and not on the eame days.

46. Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of Employment State that the customs or exigencies of the trade carried on in any

clas3 of factories or workshops or parts thereof, either generally or the same day. when situate in any particular locality, require that that trade should be excepted from the operation of the provisions of this Act relating

F

82

Cil 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Hours and holidays in factory or workshop of Jewish occupier.

Sunday employment Jews in factory or workshop of Jewish occupier.

Overtime employment of women for press of work.

to employment inside and outside a factory or workshop on the same day, he may, by Special Order, grant to that class of factories or workshops or parts thereof such special exception as may be necessary.

47. Where the occupier of a factory or workshop is a person of the Jewish religion —

(1.) If he keeps his factory or workshop closed on Saturday until sunset, he may employ women and young persons on Saturday from after sunset until nine o’clock in the evening; or

(2.) If he keeps his factory or workshop closed on Saturday both before and after sunset, he may employ women and young persons one hour on every other day in the week (not being Sunday), in addition to the hours allowed by this Act, so that such hour be at the beginning or end of the period of employment and be not before six o’clock in the morning or* after nine o’clock in the evening.

48. Where the occupier of a factory or workshop is a person of the Jewish religion, a woman or young person of the Jewish religion may be employed on Sunday, subject to the following conditions: —

(1.) The factory or workshop must be closed on Saturday and must not be opened for traffic on Sunday; and

(2.) The occupier must not avail himself of the exception authorising the employment of women and young persons on Saturday evening or for an additional hour during any other day in the week.

Where the occupier avails himself of this exception, this Act shall apply to the factory or workshop in like manner as if in the provisions thereof respecting Sunday the word Saturday were substituted for Sunday and in the provisions thereof respecting Saturday the word Sunday or, if the occupier so specify in the notice, the word Friday were substituted for Saturday.

Overtime.

49. — (1.) In the non-textile factories and workshops or parts thereof and warehouses to which this exception applies, the period of employment for women on any day except Saturday or any day substituted for Saturday may be between six o’clock in the morning and eight o’clock in the evening or between seven o’clock in the morning and nine o’clock in the evening or between eight o’clock in the morning and ten o’clock in the evening, if they are employed in accordance with the following conditions, namely: — (a) There must be allowed to every woman for meals during the period of employment not less than two hours, of which half an hour must be after five o'clock in the evening; and (b) A woman must not be so employed in the whole for more than three days in any me week; and

1901.

Factory and Workshop 1901. Ch. 22.

83

(c) Overtime employment under this section must not take place in a factory or workshop on more than thirty days in the whole in any twelve months and, in reckoning that period of thirty days, every day on which any woman has been employed overtime is to be taken into account.

(2.) This exception applies to the non-textile factories and workshops and parts thereof and warehouses specified in the Second Schedule to this Act, except that it does not apply to a workshop or part thereof which is conducted on the system of not employing any young person or child therein.

(3.) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that in any class of non-textile factories or workshops or parts thereof it is necessary, by reason of the material which is the subject of the manufacturing process or handicraft therein being liable to be spoiled by the weather or by reason of press of work arising at certain recurring seasons of the year or by reason of the liability of the business to a sudden press of orders arising from unforeseen events, to employ women in manner authorised by this exception and that such employment will not injure the health of the women affected thereby, he may, by Special Order, extend this exception to those factories or workshops or parts thereof.

50. — (1.) In the factories and workshops and parts thereof to Overtime which this exception applies, the period of employment for a employment of woman may, on any day except Saturday or any day substituted ^hable for Saturday, be between six o’clock in the morning and eight articles, o’clock in the evening or between seven o’clock in the morning and nine o'clock in the evening, if she is employed in accordance with the following conditions, namely; —

(a) There must be allowed her for meals not less than two hours, of which half an hour must be after five o’clock in the evening; and

(6) She must not be so employed in the whole for more than three days in any one week; and

(c) Overtime employment under this section must not take place in a factory or workshop on more than fifty days in the whole in any twelve months; and, in reckoning that period of fifty dayB, every day on which any woman has been employed overtime is to be taken into account.

(2.) This exception applies to every factory and workshop or part thereof in which is carried on —

(a) the process of making preserves from fruit; or

(b) the process of preserving or curing fish; or

(c) the process of making condensed milk.

(3.) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that in any class of non-textile factories or workshops or parts thereof it is necessary, by reason of the perishable nature of the articles or materials which are the subject of the manufacturing process or handicraft, to employ women in manner authorised by this exception and that such employ in ent will not injure the health of the women employed, he may, by Special Order, extend this exception to those factories or workshops or parts thereof.

84

Ch. 22.

' Factory and Workshop, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

Overtime employment on incomplete process.

Overtime employment in factories driven by water.

Overtime employment in Turkey red dyeing and open-air bleaching.

51. — (1.) If, in any factory or workshop or part thereof to which this exception applies, the process in which a woman, young person or child is employed is in an incomplete state at the end of the peiiod of employment of the woman, young person or child, the woman, young person or child may, on any day except Saturday or any day substituted for Saturday, be employed for a further period not exceeding thirty minutes:

Provided that those further periods, when added to the total number of hours of the periods of employment of the woman, young person or child in that week, do not raise that total above the number otherwise allowed under this Act.

(2.) This exception applies to the factories and workshops following, namely: —

(a) Bleaching and dyeing works;

(b) Print works;

(c) Iron mills in which male young persons are not employed during any part of the night;

(d) Foundries in which male young persons are not employed during any part of the night; and

(e) Paper mills in which male young persons are not employed during any part of the night.

(3.) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that, in any class of non-textile factories or workshops or parts thereof, the time for the completion of a process cannot, by reason of the nature thereof, be accurately fixed, and that the extension to that class of factories or workshops or parts thereof of this exception can be made without injury to the health of the women, young persons and children affected thereby, he may by Special Order extend this exception accordingly.

52. Where it appears to the Secretary of State that factories driven by water power are liable to be stopped by drought or flood, he may, by Special Order, grant to those factories a special exception permitting the employment of women and young persons during a period of employment from six o’clock in the morning until seven o’clock in the evening, on such conditions as he thinks proper, but so as that no person shall be deprived of the meal hours by this Act provided, nor be so employed on Saturday or any day substituted for Saturday, and that, as regards factories liable to be stopped by drought, the special exception shall not extend to more than ninety-six days in any period of twelve months and, as regards factories liable to be stopped by floods, the special exception shall not extend to more than forty-eight days in any period of twelve months. This overtime shall not extend in any case beyond the time already lost during the previous twelve months.

53. A woman or young person may, on any day except Saturday or any day substituted for Saturday, be employed beyond the period of employment, so far as is necessary for the purpose only of preventing any damage which may arise from spontaneous combustion in the process of Turkey red dyeing or from any extraordinary atmospheric influence in the process of open-air bleaching.

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

85

Night Work.

54. — (1.) In the factories and workshops to which this exception Night employ-applies, a male young person of fourteen years of age and upwards of may be employed during the night, if he is employed in accordance of T/ persons with the following conditions, namely —

(a) The period of employment must not exceed twelve consecutive hours and must begin and end at the hour specified in the notice in this Act mentioned; and

(b) The provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to the allowance of times for meals shall be observed with the necessary modifications as to the hour at which the meal times are fixed; and

(c) A young person employed during any part of the night must not be employed during any part of the twelve hours preceding or succeeding the period of employment; and

(d) He must not be employed on more than six nights or, in the case of blast furnaces or paper mills, seven nights in any two weeks; provided that this condition shall not prevent the employment of male young persons in three shifts of not more than eight hours each, if there is an interval of two unemployed shifts between each two shifts of employment; and

(e) In the case of blast furnaces, iron mills, letter-press printing works or paper mills, he must not be employed during the night in any process other than a process incidental to the business of the factory as described in Part I. of the Sixth Schedule to this Act.

(2.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the period of employment on Saturday and with respect to the allowance to young persons of whole or half holidays shall not apply to a male young person employed in day and night turns in pursuance of this exception.

(3.) This exception applies to the following factories, namely: —

(a) Blast furnaces,

(b) Iron mills,

(c) Letter-press printing works, and

(d) Paper mills.

(4.) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that, in any class of non-textile factories or workshops or parts thereof, it is necessary, by reason of the nature of the business requiring the process to be carried on throughout the night, to employ male young persons of sixteen years of age and upwards at night, and that such employment will not injure the health of the male young persons employed, he may, by Special Order, extend this exception to those factories or workshops or parts thereof so far as regards young persons of the age of sixteen years and upwards.

55. In glass works a male young person of fourteen years of Night employ-age and upwards may work according to the accustomed hours of ment of mal°

86

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

young persons the works, if he is employed in accordance with the following of glaSS conditions, namely:—

wor ' (a) The total number of hours of the periods of employment

must not exceed sixty in any one week; and (b)The periods of employment must not exceed fourteen hours in four separate turns per week or twelve hours in five separate turns per week or ten hours in six separate turns per week or any less number of hours in the accustomed number of separate turns per week, so that the number of turns do not exceed nine; and (c) He must not work in any turn without an interval of time not less than one full turn; and (d)He must not be employed continuously for more than five hours without an interval of at least half an hour for a meal: and

(e) He must not be employed on Sunday.

Night employ- 56. In a factory or workshop in which the process of printing male °oun newspapers is carried on [on not more than two nights in the person8^16 week, a male young person above the age of sixteen years may in printing be employed at night during not more than two nights in a week, newspapers. as if he were no longer a young person:

Provided that he must not, in pursuance of this exception, be employed more than twelve hours in any consecutive period of twenty-four hours.

Intermittent Employment.

Exemption for 57. — (1.) The regulations of this Act with respect to the period

certain flax of employment for women shall not apply to flax scutch mills

scute mil s. wj1jcj1 are conducted on the system of not employing either young

persons or children therein, and which are worked intermittently and for periods only which do not exceed in the whole six months in any year.

(2.) A flax scutch mill shall not be deemed to be conducted on the system of not employing either young persons or children therein, until the occupier has served on an inspector notice of his intention to conduct the mill on that system.

Supplemental.

58. — (1.) Where it appears to the Secretary of State —

(a) That the adoption of any special means or provision for the cleanliness or ventilation of a factory or workshop is required for the protection of the health of women, young persons or children employed, in pursuance of an exception under this Part of this Act, either for a longer period than is otherwise allowed by this Act or at night; or

(b) That the adoption of a special provision as to the total number of hours of employment in each week, the periods of employment and the intervals between such periods id required for the protection of the health of any women or young persons employed in pursuance of such an exception at Tvght,

Power to impose sanitary requirements as condition of special exceptions.

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901 *

Ch. 22.

87

he may, by Special Order, direct that the adoption of the means or provision shall be a condition of such employment.

(2.) If it appears to the Secretary of State that the adoption of any such means or provision is no longer required or is, having regard to all the circumstances, inexpedient, he may, by Special Order, rescind the order directing the adoption, without prejudice to the subsequent making of another order.

59. Where an exception has been granted or extended under Power to this Act by an order of the Secretary of State and it appears to

the Secretary of State that the exception is injurious to the health exceptions!* of the women, young persons or children employed in, or is no longer necessary for the carrying on of the business in, the class of factories or workshops or parts thereof to which the exception was so granted or extended, he may, by Special Order, rescind the grant or extension, without prejudice to the subsequent making of another order.

60. — (1.) An occupier of a factory or workshop, not less than Notices, seven days before he avails himself of any special exception made

by or in pursuance of this Act, shall serve on the inspector for the special8 district and affix in his factory or workshop notice of his intention exceptions, so to avail himself and, whilst he avails himself of the exception, shall keep the notice so affixed.

(2.) Before the service of the notice on the inspector, the special exception shall not be deemed to apply to the factory or workshop and, after the service of the notice on the inspector, it shall not be competent in any proceeding under this Act for the occupier to prove that the exception does not apply to his factory or workshop, unless he has previously served on the inspector for the district notice that he no longer intends to avail himself of the exception.

(3.) The notice so served and affixed must, except as otherwise provided by this Act, specify the hours for the beginning and end of the period of employment and the times to be allowed for meals to every woman, young person and child, where they differ from the ordinary hours or times.

(4.) An occupier of a factory or workshop shall enter in the prescribed register and report to the inspector for the district the prescribed particulars respecting the employment of a woman, young person or child in pursuance of a special exception; and, in the case of employment overtime, he shall also cause a notice containing the prescribed particulars respecting the employment to be kept affixed in the factory or workshop during the prescribed time, and he shall send the report required by this subsection to the inspector not later than eight o’clock in the evening on which any woman, young person or child is employed overtime in pursuance of the exception.

(5.) Where the occupier of a factory or workshop avails himself of a special exception made by or in pursuance of this Act and a condition for availing himself of that exception (whether specified in this Act, or in an order of the Secretary of State made under this Act) is not observed in that factory or workshop, then

(a) If the condition relates to the cleanliness, ventilation or overcrowding of the factory or work-hop, the factory or

88 Ch. 22. 'Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

workshop shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act; and

(6) In any other case a woman, young person or child employed in the factory or workshop, in alleged pursuance of the exception, shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the provisions of this Act.

(0.) Where an occupier of a factory or workshop has served on an inspector a report, in pursuance of this section, of his intention to employ any persons overtime by virtue of a special exception, the report shall, unless withdrawn, be prima facie evidence, in any proceedings under this Act, that the occupier has in fact employed persons overtime in accordance with the report.

(iii.) Fitness for Employment.

Prohibition 61. An occupier of a factor}’ or workshop shall not knowingly

of women m*nt a^ow a woman or girl to be employed therein within four weeks biMhChild* after she has given birth to a child.

Prohibition of employment of children under twelve.

62. A child under the age of twelve years must not be employed in a factory or workshop unless lawfully so employed at the commencement of this Act.

young persons under 16 and children iu factories.

Certificates of 63. — (1.) In a factory a young person under the age of sixteen

fituess for years or a child must not be employed for more than seven or, if the certifying surgeon for the district resides more than three miles

voune persons © ©

from the factory, thirteen work days, unless the occupier of the factory has obtained a certificate, in the prescribed form, of the fitness of the young person or child for employment in that factory.

(2.) When a child becomes a young person, a fresh certificate of fitness must be obtained.

(3.) The occupier shall, when required, produce to an inspector at the factory in which a young person or child is employed the certificate of fitness of that young person or child for employment.

Regulations as 64. With respect to a certificate of fitness for employment for to grant of the purposes of this Act, the following provisions shall have

r«firof effect —

(1.) The certificate shall be granted by the certifying surgeon for the district.

(2.) The certificate must not be granted except upon personal examination of the person named therein.

(3.) A certifying surgeon shall not examine a young person or child for the purpose of the certificate or sign the certificate elsewhere than at the factory where the young person or child is or is about to be employed, unless the number of young persons and children employed in that factory is less than five, or unless for some special reason allowed in writing by an inspector.

(4.) The certificate must be to the effect that the certifying surgeon is satisfied, by the production of a certificate of birth or other sufficient evidence, that the person named in the certificate is of the pge therein specified, and has been

1901. Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch.-22. 89

personally examined by him and is not incapacitated by disease or bodily infirmity for working daily for the time allowed by law in the factory named in the certificate.

(5.) The certificate may be qualified by conditions as to the work on which a child or young person is tit to be employed and, if it is so qualified, the occupier shall not employ the young person or child otherwise than in accordance with the conditions.

(6.) A certifying surgeon shall have the same powers as an inspector for the purpose of examining any process in which a child or young person presented to him for the grant of a certificate is proposed to be employed.

(7.) All factories in the occupation of the same occupier and in the district of the same certifying surgeon, or any of them, may be named in the certificate, if the surgeon is of opinion that he can truly give the certificate for employment therein.

(8.) The certificate of birth (which may be produced to a certifying surgeon) shall either be a certified copy of the entry in the register of births, kept in pursuance of the Acts relating to the registration of births, of the birth of the young person or child (whether that copy is obtained in pursuance of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, or other- 39 & 40 Via. wise), or be a certificate from a local authority within the c* 79, meaning of the Elementary Education Act, 1876, to the effect that it appears from the returns transmitted to that authority in pursuance of the said Act by the registrar of births and deaths that the child was born at the date named in the certificate.

(9.) Where the certificate is to the effect that the certifying surgeon has been satisfied of the age of a youDg person or child by evidence other than the production of a certificate of birth, an inspector may, by notice in writing, annul the surgeon’s certificate if he has reasonable cause to believe that the real age of the young person or child named in it is less than that mentioned in the certificate, and thereupon that certificate shall be of no avail for the purposes of this Act.

(10.) Where a certifying surgeon refuses to grant a certificate for any person examined by him, he shall, when required, give in writing and sign the reasons for his refusal.

65. In order to enable occupiers of workshops to better secure Power to the observance of this Act and prevent the employment in their obtain workshops of young persons under the age of sixteen years and ^flinessfor children who are unfitted for that employment, an occupier of a employment iu workshop may obtain, if he thinks fit, from the certifying surgeon workshops, for the district, certificates of the fitness of young persons under

the age of sixteen years and children for employment in his workshop, in like manner as if that workshop were a factory, and the certifying surgeon shall examine the young persons and children, and grant certificates accordingly.

66. — (1.) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that, by powor to reason of special circumstances affecting any class of workshops, it require

90

Ch. 22.

Factory and Woi'ksJiop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

certificates of fitness for employment in certain workshops.

Power of inspector to require surgical certificate of capacity for work.

Attendance at school of children employed in factory or workshop.

is expedient for protecting the health of the young persons under the age of sixteen years and of the children employed therein to extend thereto the prohibition in this section mentioned, be may, by Special Order, extend to that class of workshops the prohibition in this Act of the employment of young persons under the age of sixteen years and children without a certificate of the fitness of the young person or child for employment, and thereupon the provisions of this Act with respect to certificates of fitness for employment shall apply to the class of workshops named in the order in like manner as if they were factories.

(2.) If the prohibition is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State to bs no longer necessary for the protection of the health of the young persons under the age of sixteen years and the children employed in any class of workshops to which it has been extended under this section, he may, by Special Order, rescind the order of extension, without prejudice to the subsequent making of another order.

67. Where an inspector is of opinion that a young person under the age of sixteen years or a child is, by disease or bodily infirmity, incapacitated for working daily for the time allowed by law in the factory or workshop in which he is employed, he may serve written notice thereof on the occupier of the factory or workshop, requiring that the employment of that young person or child be discontinued from the period named therein, not being less than one nor more than seven days after the service of the notice, and the occupier shall not continue, after the period named in the notice, to employ that young person or child (notwithstanding that a certificate of fitness has been previously obtained for the young person or child), unless the certifying surgeon for the district has, after the service of the notice, personally examined the young person or child and has certified that the young person or child is not so incapacitated as aforesaid.

Part III.

Education of Children.

68. — (1.) The parent of a child employed in a factory or workshop shall cause that child to attend some recognised efficient school (which school may be selected by the parent), as follows: —

(a) The child, when employed in a morning or afternoon set, must in every week, during any part of which he is so employed, be caused to attend on each work day for at least one attendance; and

(b) The child, when employed on the alternate day system, must, on each work day preceding each day of employment, be caused to attend for at 1 ast two attendances;

(c) An attendance for the purposes of this section shall be an attendance as defined for the time being by the Secretary of State, with the consent of the Board of Education, and be between the hours of eight in the morning and six in the evening:

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

91

Provided as follows: —

(i.) A child shall not be required by this Act to attend school on Saturday or on any holiday or half holiday allowed under this Act in the factory or workshop in which the child is employed:

(ii.) The non-attendance of a child shall be excused on every day on which he is certified by the teacher of the school to have been prevented from attending by sickness or other unavoidable cause, and when the school is closed during the ordinary holidays or for any other temporary cause:

(iii.) Where there is not within the distance of two miles, measured according to the nearest road, from the residence of the child a recognised efficient school which the child can attend, attendance at a school temporarily approved in writing by an inspector, although not a recognised efficient school, shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed attendance at a recognised efficient school until such recognised efficient school as aforesaid is established, and with a view to such establishment the inspector shall immediately report to the Board of Education every case of the approval of a school by him under this section.

(2.) A child who has not in any week attended school for all the attendances required by this section must not be employed in the following week until he has attended school for the deficient number of attendances.

(3.) The Board of Education shall, by the publication of lists or of notices or otherwise as they think expedient, provide for giving to all persons interested information of the schools in each school district which are recognised efficient schools.

69. — (1.) The occupier of a factory or workshop in which a child Obtaining of is employed shall on Monday in every week (after the first week in school which the child began to work therein), or on some other day c^ifiteby appointed for that purpose by an inspector, obtain from the teacher occupier, of the recognised efficient school attended by a child a certificate (according to the prescribed form and directions) respecting the attendance of the child at school in accordance with this Act.

(2.) If a child is employed without such certificate being obtained as is required by this section, the child shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the provisions of this Act.

(3.) The occupier shall keep every such certificate for two months after the date thereof, if the child so long continues to be employed in his factory or workshop, and shall produce the same to an inspector when required during that period. 70

70. The persons who manage a recognised efficient school Payment by attended by a child employed in a factory or workshop or some occupier of person authorised by them may (if fees for children may be schooling, charged in that school) apply in writing to the o:cupier of the factory or workshop to pay a weekly sum specified in the application, not exceeding threepence and not exceeding one twelfth

part of the wages of the child, and alter that application the occupier, so long as he employs the child, shall be liable to pay

92

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

Employment as young person of child of 13 on obtaining educational certificate.

Definitions of " certified efficient school, " and " recognised efficient school."

33 & 34 Vict. c. 75.

Notification of certain diseases contracted

to the applicants, while the child attends their school, that weekly sum, and the sum may be recovered as a debt, and the occupier may deduct the sum so paid by him from the wages payable for the services of the child.

71. — (1.) When a child of the age of thirteen years has obtained from a person authorised by the Board of Education a certificate of having attained such standard of proficiency in reading, writing and arithmetic, or such standard of previous due attendance at a certified efficient school as is mentioned in this section, that child shall be deemed to be a young person for the purposes of this Act.

(2.) The standards of proficiency and due attendance for the purposes of this section shall be such as may be from time to time fixed for the purposes of this Act by the Secretary of State, with the consent of the Board of Education, and the standards so fixed shall be published in the London Gazette and shall not have effect until the expiration of at least six months after such publication.

(3.) Attendance at a certified day industrial school shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to be attendance at a certified efficient school.

72 — (1.) In this Act —

The expression "certified efficient school" means a public elementary school within the meaning of the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900, and any workhouse school in England certified to be efficient by the Local Government Board, and any elementary school which is not conducted for private profit and is open at all reasonable times to the inspection of His Majesty's inspectors of schools and requires the like attendance from its scholars as is required in a public elementary school and keeps such registers of those attendances as are for the time being required by the Board of Education and is certified by the Board to be an efficient school; and The expression "recognised efficient school" means a certified efficient school, and any school which the Board of Education have not refused to take into consideration under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, as a school giving efficient elementary education to and suitable for the children of a school district and which is recognised for the time being by an inspector under this Act as giving efficient elementary education.

(2.) An inspector shall immediately report to the Board of Education every school recognised by him as giving efficient elementary education.

Part IV.

Dangerous and Unhealthy Industries.

(i.) Special Provisions.

73. — (1.) Every medical practitioner attending on or called in to visit a patient whom he believes to be suffering from lead, phosphorus, arsenical or mercurial poisoning or anthrax contracted

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

Cfl. 22.

93

in any factory or workshop shall (unless the notice required by in factory or this subsection has been previously sent) send to the Chief Inspector workshop-of Factories at the Home Office, London, a notice stating the name and full postal address of the patient and the disease from which, in the opinion of the medical practitioner, the patient is suffering and shall be entitled, in respect of every notice sent in pursuance of this section, to a fee of two shillings and sixpence, to be paid as part of the expenses incurred by the Secretary of State in the execution of this Act.

(2.) If any medical practitioner, when required by this section to send a notice, fails forthwith to send the same, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(3.) Written notice of every case of lead, phosphorus or arsenical or mercurial poisoning or anthrax occurring in a factory or workshop shall forthwith be sent to the inspector and to the certifying surgeon for the district; and the provisions of this Act with respect to accidents shall apply to any such case in like manner as to any such accident as is mentioned in those provisions.

(4.) The Secretary of State may, by Special Order, apply the provisions of this section to any other disease occurring in a factory or workshop, and thereupon this section and the provisions referred to therein shall apply accordingly.

74. If, in a factory or workshop where grinding, glazing or Provision ns to polishing on a wheel or any process is carried on by which dust ^certain7 or any gas, vapour or other impurity is generated and inhaled by factories and the workers to an injurious extent, it appears to an inspector that workshops, such inhalation could be to a great extent prevented by the use

of a fan or other mechanical means, the inspector may direct that a fan or other mechanical means of a proper construction for preventing such inhalation be provided within a reasonable time; and, if the same is not provided, maintained and used, the factory or workshop shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

75. — (1.) In every factory or workshop where lead, arsenic Lavatories and or any other poisonous substance is used, suitable washing con- " veniences must be provided for the use of the persons employed dangerous

in any department where such substances are used. trades.

(2.) In any factory or workshop where lead, arsenic or other poisonous substance is so used as to give rise to dust or fumes, a person shall not be allowed to take a meal or to remain during the times allowed to him for meals in any room in which any such substance is used, and suitable provision shall be made for enabling the persons employed in such rooms to take their meals elsewhere in the factory or workshop.

(3.) A factory or workshop in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

76. — (1.) A woman, young person or child must not be Restrictions employed in any part of a factory in which wet-spinning is " carried on, unless sufficient means are employed and continued ^nning.

94

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

for protecting the workers from being wetted and, where hot water is used, for preventing the escape of steam into the room occupied by the workers.

(2.) A factory in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

Prohibition of 77. — (1.) In the part of a factory or workshop in which there is

employment of carried on —

an^chUdren118 (a) the process of silvering of mirrors by the mercurial process; in certain or

work^hopT*1 (k) the process of making white lead,

a young person or child must not be employed.

(2.) In the part of a factory in which the process of melting or annealing glass is carried on, a female young person or a child must not be employed.

(3.) In a factory or workshop in which there is carried on —

(a) the making or finishing of bricks or tiles not being ornamental tiles; or

(b) the making or finishing of salt,

a girl under the age of sixteen years must not be employed.

(4.) In the part of a factory or workshop in which there is carried on —

(a) any dry grinding in the metal trade; or

(b) the dipping of lucifer matches, a child must not be employed.

(5.) Notice of a prohibition contained in this section must be affixed in the factory or workshop to which it applies.

Prohibition of 78. — (1.) A woman, young person or child must not be allowed

taking mtals take a meaj or remain during the times allowed for meals parts of in the following factories or workshops or parts of factories or

factories and workshops; that is to say, —

workshops. in the case of glass works, in any part in which the materials

are mixed; and

(b) in the case of glass works where flint glass is made, in any part in which the work of grinding, cutting or polishing is carried on; and

(c) in the case of lucifer-match works, in any part in which any manufacturing process or handicraft (except that of cutting the wood) is usually carried on; and

(d) in the case of earthenware works, in any part known or used as dippers house, dippers drying room or china scouring room.

(2.) If a woman, young person or child is allowed to take a meal or to remain during the times allowed for meals in a factory or workshop or part thereof in contravention of this section, the woman, young person or child shall be deemed to be employed contrary lo the provisions of this Act.

(3.) Notice of the prohibition in this section shall be affixed in every factory or workshop to which it applies.

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

Oh.

95

(4.) Where it appears to the Secretary of State that, by reason of the nature of the pfbcess in any class of factories or workshops or parts thereof not named in this section, the taking of meals therein is specially injurious to health, he may, if he thinks lit, by Special Order, extend the prohibition in this section to the class of factories or workshops or parts thereof.

(5.) If the prohibition in this section is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State to be no longer necessary for the protection of the health of women, young persons and children in any class of factories or workshops or parts thereof to which it has been so extended, he may, by Special Order, rescind the order of extension, without prejudice to the subsequent making of another order.

(il) Regulations for Dangerous Trades.

79. Where the Secretary of State is satisfied that any manufacture, machinery, plant, process or description of manual labour, used in factories or workshops, is dangerous or injurious to health or dangerous to life or limb, either generally or in the case of women, children or any other class of persons, he may certify that manufacture, machinery, plant, process or description of manual labour to be dangerous; and thereupon the Secretary of State may, subject to the provisions of this Act, make such regulations as appear to him to be reasonably practicable and to meet the necessity of the case.

80. — (1.) Before the Secretary of State makes any regulations under this Act, he shall publish, in such manner as he may think best adapted for informing persons affected, notice of the proposal to make the regulations and of the place where copies of the draft regulations may be obtained and of the time (which shall be not less than twenty-one days) within which any objection made with respect to the draft regulations by or on behalf of persons affected must be sent to the Secretary of State.

(2.) Every objection must be in writing and state —

(a) the draft regulations or portions of draft regulations objected to;

(b) the specific grounds of objection; and

(c) the omissions, additions or modifications asked for.

(3.) The Secretary of State shall consider any objection made by or on behalf of any persons appearing to him to be affected which is sent to him wittmr the required time, and he may, if he thinks fit, amend the draft regulations, and shall then cause the amended draft to be dealt with in like manner as an original draft.

(4.) Where the Secretary of State does not amend or withdraw any draft regulations to which any objection has been made, then (unless the objection either is withdrawn or appears to him to be frivolous) he shall, before making the regulations, direct an inquiry to be held in the manner herein-after provided.

81. — (1.) The Secretary of State may appoint a competent person to hold an inquiry with regard to any draft regulations, and to report to him thereon.

Power to make regulations for safety of persons employed in dangerous trades.

Procedure for making regulations.

Inquiries.

96

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Application of regulations.

Provisions which may be made by regulations.

Itegulat'ons to laid before Parliament

(2.) Tbc inquiry shall he held in public, and the chief inspector and any objector and any other person who, in the opinion of the person holding the inquiry, is affected by the draft regulations may appear at the inquiry either in person or by counsel, solicitor or agent.

(3.) The witnesses on the inquiry may, if the person holding it thinks fit, be examined on oath.

(4.) Subject as aforesaid, the inquiry and all proceedings preliminary and incidental thereto shall be conducted in accordance with rules made by the Secretary of State.

(5.) The fee to be paid to the person holding the inquiry shall be such as the Secretary of State may direct and shall be deemed to be part of the expenses of the Secretary of State in the execution of this Act.

82. — (1.) The regulations made under the foregoing provisions of this Act may apply to all the factories and workshops in which the manufacture, machinery, plant, process or description of manual labour, certified to be dangerous, is used (whether existing at the time when the regulations are made or afterwards established) or to any specified class of such factories or workshops. They may provide for the exemption of any specified class of factories or workshops either absolutely or subject to conditions.

(2.) The regulations may apply to tenement factories and tenement workshops and in such case may impose duties on occupiers who do not employ any person and on owners.

(3.) No person shall be precluded by any agreement from doing, or be liable under any agreement to any penalty or forfeiture for doing, such acts as may be necessary in order to comply with the provisions of any regulation made under this Act

83. Regulations made under the foregoing provisions of this Act may, among other things, —

(a) prohibit the employment of, or modify or limit the period of employment of, all persons or any class of persons in any manufacture, machinery, plant, process or description of manual labour certified to be dangerous; and

(b) prohibit, limit or control the use of any material or process; and

(c) modify or extend any special regulations for any clas3 of factories or workshops contained in this Act.

84. Regulations made under the foregoing provisions of this Act shall be laid as soon as possible before both Houses of Parliament and, if cither House, within the next forty days after the regulations have beeti laid before that House, resolve that all or any of the regulations ought to be annulled, the regulations shall, after the date of the resolution, be of no effect, without prejudice to the validity of anything done in the meantime thereunder or to the making of any new regulations. If one or more of a set of regulations are annulled, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit withdraw the whole set.

mi.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

97

85. — (1.) If any occupier, owner or manager, who is bound Breach of to observe any regulation under this Act, acts in contravention of, reglat, ou*-or fails to comply with, the regulation, he shall be liable for each

offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds and, in the case of a continuing offence, to a fine not exceeding two pounds for every day during which the offence continues after conviction therefor.

(2.) If any person other than an occupier, owner or manager, who is bound to observe any regulation under this Act, acts in contravention of, or fails to comply with, the regulation, he shall be liable for each offence to a fine not exceeding two pounds; and the occupier of the factory or workshop shall also be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, unless he proves that he has taken all reasonable means by publishing, and to the best of his power enforcing, the regulations to prevent the contravention or non-compl iance.

86. — (1.) Notice of any regulations having been made under Publication of the foregoing provisions of this Act and of the place where copies regulations, of them can be purchased shall be published in the London,

Edinburgh and Dublin Gazettes.

(2.) Printed copies of all regulations for the time being in force under this Act in any factory or workshop shall be kept posted up in legible characters in conspicuous places in the factory or workshop where they may be conveniently read by the persons employed. In a factory or workshop in Wales or Monmouthshire the regulations shall be posted up in the Welsh language also.

(3.) A printed copy of all such regulations shall be given by the occupier to any person affected thereby on his or her application.

(4.) If the occupier of any factory or workshop fails to comply with any provision of this section as to posting up or giving copies, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(5.) Every person who pulls down, injures or defaces any regulations posted up in pursuance of this Act, or any notice posted up in pursuance of the regulations, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(6.) Regulations for the time being in force under this Act shall be judicially noticed.

Part V.

Special Modifications and Extensions.

(i.) Tenement Factories.

87. — (1.) The owner (whether or not he is one of the occupiers) Duties of of a tenement factory shall, instead of the occupier, be liable for owner of the observance and punishable for non-observance of the following provisions of this Act, namely, the provisions with respect to —

(i.) the cleanliness, freedom from effluvia, overcrowding and ventilation of factories, contained in section one of this Act, including, so far as they relate to any engine-house, passage or staircase or to any room which is let to more than one

G

98

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

1 Edw.

Regulations to grinding < cutlery in tenement factory.

tenant, the provisions with respect to limewashing anti washing of the interior of a factory;

(ii.) the fencing of machinery and penal compensation for neglect to fence machinery in a factory, except so far as-relates to such parts of the machinery as are supplied by the occupier;

(iii.) the notices to be affixed in a factory with respect to the period of employment, times for meals and system of employment of children;

(iv.) the prevention of the inhalation of dust, gas, vapour or other impurity, so far as that provision requires the supply of pipes or other contrivances necessary for working the fan or other means for that purpose; and

(v.) the affixing of an abstract and notices in a factory.

Provided that any occupier may affix in his own tenement the notice with respect to the period of employment, times for meals and system of employment of children, and thereupon that notice shall, with respect to persons employed by that occupier, have effect in substitution for the corresponding notice affixed by the owner.

(2.) The provisions of this Act with respect to the power to make orders in the case of dangerous premises shall apply in the case of a tenement factory as if the owner were substituted for the occupier.

(3.) In the case of any tenement factory or class of tenement factories used wholly or partly for the weaving of cotton cloth, the owner shall, if the Secretary of State by order so directs, be substituted for the occupier for the purpose of the requirements of section seven and section ninety-four of this Act or of any order of the Secretary of State with respect to ventilation.

(4.) Where, by or under this section, the owner of a tenement factory is substituted for the occupier with respect to any provisions of this Act, any summons, notice or proceeding, which for the purpose of any of those provisions is by this Act required or authorised to be served on or taken in relation to the occupier, is hereby required or authorised (as the case may be) to be served on or taken in relation to the owner.

as 88. — (1.) Where grinding is carried on in a tenement factory,

, f the owner of the factory shall be responsible for the observance of the regulations set forth in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2.) In every such tenement factory it shall be the duty of the owner and of the occupier of the factory respectively to see that such part of the horsing chains and of the hooks to which the chains are attached as are supplied by them respectively are kept in efficient condition.

(3.) In every tenement factory where grinding of cutlery is carried on, the owner of the factory shall provide that there shall at all times be instantaneous communication between each of the rooms in which the work is carried on and both the engine-room and the boiler-house.

(4.) A tenement factory in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with

1901. Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22. 09

this Act, but, for the purposes of any proceeding in respect of a provision for the observance of which the owner of the factory is responsible, that owner shall be substituted for the occupier of the factory.

(5.) This section shall not apply to a textile factory.

89. A certificate of the fitness of any young person or child for Certificate of employment in a tenement factory shall be valid for his similar employment in any part of the same tenement factory. factory?

(ii.) Cotton Cloth and other Humid Factories.

90. In every room, shed or workshop or part thereof in which Temperature the weaving of cotton cloth is carried on (in this Act referred to as and humidity, a " cotton cloth factory "), the following provisions shall have effect: —

(1.) The amount of moisture in the atmosphere must not at any time be in excess of such amount as is represented by the number of grains of moisture per cubic foot of air shown in column I. of the table in the Fourth Schedule to this Act opposite to such figure in column II. as represents the temperature existing in the cotton cloth factory at that time:

Provided that the temperature shall not at any time be raised by any artificial means whatsoever (except by gas used for lighting purposes only) above seventy degrees, except in so far as may be necessary in the process of giving humidity to the atmosphere.

(2.) The fact that one of the wet-bulb thermometers in the factory gives a higher reading than the figure shown in column III. of the said table opposite to such figure in column II. as represents the temperature existing in the factory shall be evidence that the amount of moisture in the atmosphere exceeds the limit prescribed by this section.

91. The Secretary of State may by order repeal or vary the Power to alter table in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, and substitute any new (fble.of or amended table therefor: humidity.

Provided as follows: —

(a.) The varied or substituted table shall be laid in a complete form before both Houses of Parliament if Parliament is sitting or, if not, then within three weeks after the beginning of the next ensuing session of Parliament; and, if the table is disapproved by either House of Parliament within forty days after having been so laid before Parliament, the table shall be void and of no effect:

(6.) The table shall not come into operation until it has been laid before Parliament for forty days; but, after the expiration of those forty days, if the table has not been disapproved of as aforesaid, the Secretary of State shall cause a copy thereof to be published in the London Gazette and to be given to every occupier of a cotton cloth factory who, in pursuance of this Act, has given notice of humidity

100

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

of the atmosphere being artificially produced in that factory; and, after the expiration of fourteen days from the first publication thereof in the London Gazette, the varied or substituted table shall be deemed to be the table in the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

Employment 92. — (1.) In every cotton cloth factory, for the purpose of

of thermo- recording the humidity of the atmosphere and the temperature, me ere. there mu3t be provided, maintained and kept in correct working

order two sets of standardised wet and dry bulb thermometers.

(2.) The following regulations shall be observed with reference to the employment of such thermometers: —

(a) One set of thermometers is to be fixed in the centre and one at the side of the factory, or in such other position as is directed or sanctioned by an inspector, so as to be plainly visible to the workers;

(b) The occupier or manager or person for the time being in charge of the factory shall read the thermometers thrice in the day, namely, between seven and eight o’clock in the forenoon, between ten and eleven o’clock in the forenoon and between three and four o’clock in the afternoon, on every day on which any workers are employed in the factory and shall record the readings of each thermometer at each of those times on a form provided for the purpose for each set of thermometers in accordance with the Form of Record and the regulations contained in the Fourth Schedule to this Act;

(c) The form in which the readings of each thermometer are to be recorded must be kept hung up near the thermometers and, after being duly filled up, must be forwarded at the end of each month to the inspector of the district, and a copy must be kept at the factory for reference;

(d) There must be kept hanging up in a frame and properly glazed, in a conspicuous position and near to each set of thermometers, a copy of the table set out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act;

(e) Each form shall be prima facie evidence of the humidity of the atmosphere and temperature in the factory in which the form was hung up.

Notices and 93. — (1.) The occupier of every cotton cloth factory in which

inspections humidity of the atmosphere is produced by any artificial means Z artificially whatsoever (except by gas used for lighting purposes only) shall, at produced. or before the time at which such artificial production of humidity is commenced, give notice thereof in writing to the chief inspector of factories.

(2.) Every factory in respect of which any such notice has keen given shall be visited by an inspector once at least in every three months. The inspector shall examine into the temperature, humidity of the atmosphere, ventilation and quantity of fresh air in the factory and shall report to the chief inspector of factories in the prescribed form.

(3.) If at any time the occupier of any factory in respect of which any such notice has been given ceases to produce humidity by artificial means, he may give notice in writing of such cessation;

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

CfL 22.

101

and from the date of that notice, and so long as humidity is not artificially produced in the factory, the provisions of this section shall not apply to that factory.

94. In every cotton cloth factory the following regulations for

the protection of health shall have effect, viz.: — %

(1.) The water used for the purpose of producing humidity shall either be taken from a public supply of drinking water or other source of pure water or shall be effectively purified to the satisfaction of the inspector before being introduced in the form of steam into the factory, and all ducts for the introduction of humidified air shall be kept clean.

(2.) The pipes used for the introduction of steam into a cotton cloth factory in which the temperature is seventy degrees Fahrenheit or over shall, so far as they are within the shed, be as small both in diameter and length as is reasonably practicable and shall be effectively covered with non-conducting material to the satisfaction of the inspector, so as to minimise the amount of heat thrown off by them into the shed.

(3.) In the case of a cotton cloth factory in which humidity of the atmosphere is produced by any artificial means whatsoever (except by gas used for lighting purposes only), the arrangements for ventilation shall be such that during working hours in no part of the cotton cloth factory shall the proportion of carbonic acid (carbon dioxide) in the air be greater than nine volumes of carbonic acid to every ten thousand volumes of air.

(4.) Unless some other method certified by the inspector to be equally satisfactory is adopted, the outside of the roof of every cotton cloth factory shall be whitewashed every year before the thirty-first day of May, and such whitewash shall be effectively maintained until the thirty-first day of August.

(5.) In every cotton cloth factory erected after the second day of February one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, a sufficient and suitable cloak room or cloak rooms shall be provided for the use of all the persons employed therein and shall be ventilated and kept at a suitable temperature.

95. If in the case of any cotton cloth factory there is a contravention of or non-compliance with any of the foregoing provisions with regard to cotton cloth factories, the inspector shall give notice in writing to the occupier of the factory of the acts or omissions constituting the contravention or non-compliance and, if those acts or omissions or any of them are continued or not remedied or are repeated within twelve months after the notice has been given, the occupier of the factory shall be liable, for the first offence, to a fine not less than five pounds and not exceeding ten pounds and, for every subsequent offence, to a fine not less than ten pounds and not exceeding twenty pounds.

-96. The foregoing provisions of this Act with respect to cotton cloth factories shall apply to every textile factory in which atmospheric humidity is artificially produced by steaming or other mechanical appliances and in which regulations under Part IV.

Regulations for the pro-teotion of health.

Penalties for non-compliance.

Application of foregoing provisions to other humid factories.

102;

Sanitary regulations for bakehouses.

Penalty for bakehouse being unfit on sanitary grounds.

Limewashing, painting and washing of bakehouses.

Ch. 22. Factory and Workshop, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

of this Act with respect to humidity are not for the time being in force, but subject to the following qualifications, namely:—

(a) The Secretary of State may, by Special Order, modify the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act with respect to the maximum limits of humidity;

(b) The reading of the thermometer between seven and eight o'clock in the forenoon shall not be required; and

(c) Section ninety-four, respecting regulations for the protection of health in cotton cloth factories, shall not apply; and

(d) The regulations in section ninety-two distinguished as (6), (c), (d) and (e), which are required to be observed with reference to the employment of thermometers, shall not apply to cotton spinning mills.

(iii.) Bakehouses.

97. — (1.) It shall not be lawful to let or suffer to be occupied or to occupy any room or place as a bakehouse, unless the following regulations are complied with: —

(a) A watercloset, earthcloset, privy or ashpit must not be within or communicate directly with the bakehouse;

(b) Every cistern for supplying water to the bakehouse must be separate and distinct from any cistern for supplying water to a watercloset;

(c) A drain or pipe for carrying off faecal or sewage matter must not have an opening within the bakehouse.

(2.) If any person lets or suffers to be occupied or occupies any room or place as a bakehouse in contravention of this section he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and to a further fine not exceeding five shillings for every day during which any room or place is so occupied after a conviction under this section.

98. — (1.) Where a court of summary jurisdiction is satisfied, on the prosecution of an inspector or a district council, that any room or place used as a bakehouse is in such a state as to be on sanitary grounds unfit for use or occupation as a bakehouse, the occupier of the bakehouse shall be liable to a fine not exceeding, for the first offence, forty shillings and, for any subsequent offence, five pounds.

(2.) The court of summary jurisdiction, in addition to or instead of inflicting a fine, may order means to be adopted by the occupier, within the time named in the order, for the purpose of removing the ground of complaint. The court may, on application, enlarge the time so named; but, if after the expiration of the time as originally named or enlarged by subsequent order the order is not complied with, the occupier shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one pound for every day that the non-compliance continues.

99. — (1.) All the inside walls of the rooms of a bakehouse and all the ceiling or tops of those rooms (whether those walls, ceilings or tops are plastered or not) and all the passages and

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

103

staircases of a bakehouse must either be painted with oil or varnished or be limewashed or be partly painted or varnished and partly limewashed; and

(a) where the bakehouse is painted with oil or varnished, there must be three coats of paint or varnish and the paint or varnish must be renewed once at least in every seven years and must be washed with hot water and soap once at least in every six months; and

(b) where the bakehouse is limewashed, the limewashing must be renewed ODce at least in every six months.

(2.) A bakehouse in which there is a contravention of this section shall be deemed not to be kept in conformity with this Act.

100. — (1.) A place on the same level with a bakehouse and Provision as to

forming part of the same building may not be used as a sleeping 8, fPing place, unless it is constructed as follows; that is to say, bak^ouaes.

(o) is effectually separated from the bakehouse by a partition extending from the floor to the ceiling; and

(6) has an external glazed window of at least nine superficial feet in area, of which at the least four and a half superficial, feet are made to open for ventilation.

(2.) If any person lets or occupies or continues to let or knowingly suffers to be occupied any place contrary to this section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding, for the first offence, twenty shillings and, for any subsequent offence, five pounds.

101. — (1.) An underground bakehouse shall not be used as a Prohibition of

bakehouse unless it was so used at the passing of this Act. underground

(2.) Subject to the foregoing provision, after the first day of bakehousC8‘ January one thousand nine hundred and four an underground bakehouse shall not be used unless certified by the district council to be suitable for that purpose.

(3.) For the purpose of this section an underground bakehouse shall mean a bakehouse any baking room of which is so situate that the surface of the floor is more than three feet below the surface of the footway of the adjoining street or of the ground adjoining or nearest to the room. The expression "baking room" means any room used for baking or for any process incidental thereto.

(4.) An underground bakehouse shall not be certified as suitable unless the district council is satisfied that it is suitable as regards construction, light, ventilation and in all other respects.

(5.) This section shall have effect as if it were included among the provisions relating to bakehouses which are referred to in section twenty-six of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891. £4 fc 55 Vict.

(6.)*If any place is used in contravention of this section, it shall c* 76, be deemed to be a workshop not kept in conformity with this Act.

(7.) In the event of the refusal of a certificate by the district council, the occupier of the bakehouse may, within twenty-one days from the refusal, by complaint apply to a court of summary jurisdiction and, if it appears to the satisfaction of the court that

104

Cfl. 22.

Factory and Workshop Ad, 1901.

1 Edw. 7-

Enforcement of law as to retail bake* houses by sanitary authorities.

Application of Act to laundries.

the bakehouse is suitable for use as regards construction, light, ventilation and in all other respects, the court shall thereupon grant a certificate of suitability of the bakehouse, which shall have effect as if granted by the district council.

(8.) Where any place has been let as a bakehouse, and the certificate required by this section cannot be obtained unless structural alterations are made, and the occupier alleges that the whole or part of the expenses of the alterations ought to be borne by the owner, he may by complaint apply to a court of summary jurisdiction, and that court may make such order concerning the expenses or their apportionment as appears to the court to be just and equitable, under the circumstances of the case, regard being had to the terms of any contract between the parties; or in the alternative the court may, at the request of the occupier, determine the lease.

102. As respects every retail bakehouse, the provisions of this Part of this Act shall be enforced by the district council of the district in which the retail bakehouse is situate, and not by an inspector; and for the purposes of this section the medical officer of health of the district council shall have and may exercise all the powers of entry, inspection, taking legal proceedings and otherwise of an inspector.

In this section the expression "retail bakehouse" means any bakehouse or place, not being a factory, the bread, biscuits or confectionery baked in which are sold, not wholesale, but by retail, in some shop or place occupied with the bakehouse.

(iv.) Laund.

103.-(1.) In every laundry carried on by way of trade or for purposes of gain, the following provisions shall apply:—

(a.) The period of employment, exclusive of meal hours and absence from work, shall not exceed, for women, fourteen hours, for young persons, twelve hours and, for children, ten hours in any consecutive twenty-four hours; nor a total, for women and young persons, of sixty hours and, for children, of thirty hours in any one week, in addition to such overtime as may be allowed in the case of women;

(6.) A woman, young person or child must not be employed continuously for more than five hours without an interval of at least half an hour for a meal;

(c.) Women, young persons and children employed in the laundry shall have allowed to them the same holidays as are allowed to women, young persons and children employed in a factory or workshop under this Act;

(d.) So far as regards provisions with respect to health and safety, accidents, education of children, notice of occupation of a factory or workshop, the affixing of abstracts and notices and the matters to be specified in those notices (so far as they apply to laundries), powers of inspectors, fines and legal proceedings for any failure to comply with the provisions of

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

105

this section, this Act shall have effect as if every laundry in which steam, water or other mechanical power is used in aid of the laundry process were a factory, and every other laundry were a workshop, and as if every occupier of a laundry were the occupier of a factory or of a workshop;

(e.) The notice to be affixed in the laundry shall specify the period of employment and the times for meals, but the period knd times so specified may be varied before the beginning of employment on any day;

(/.) The provisions of this Act prohibiting the employment of women within four weeks after childbirth and of children under the age of twelve years shall apply to the laundry in like manner as to a factory or workshop.

(2.) Women employed in laundries may work overtime, subject to the following conditions, namely: —

(a.) A woman must not work more than fourteen hours in any day; and

(5.) The overtime worked must not exceed two hours in any day; and

(c.) Overtime must not be worked on more than three days in any week or more than thirty days in any year; and (d.) The requirements of section sixty of this Act with respect to notices must be observed.

(3.) In the case of every laundry worked by steam, water or other mechanical power —

(a) a fan or other means of a proper construction must be provided, maintained and used for regulating the temperature in every ironing-room and for carrying away the steam in every washhouse in the laundry; and

(b) all stoves for heating irons must be sufficiently separated from any ironing-room, and gas irons emitting any noxious fumes must not be used; and

(c) the floors must be kept in good condition and drained in such manner as will allow the water to flow oft’ freely.

A laundry in which these provisions are contravened shall be deemed to be a factory not kept in conformity with this Act.

(4.) Nothing in this section shall apply to any laundry in which the only persons employed are —

(a) inmates of any prison, reformatory or industrial school or other institution for the time being subject to inspection under any Act other than this Act; or

(b) inmates of an institution conducted in good faith for religious or charitable purposes; or

(c) members of the same family dwelling there, or in which not more than two persons dwelling elsewhere are employed.

(v.) D

104. — (1.) The provisions of this Act with respect to —

(i.) Power to make orders as to dangerous machines (section seventeen);

(ii.) Accidents;

Application of certain provisions to docks.

106

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

Application of certain provisions to buildings.

(iii.) Regulations for dangerous trades;

(iv.) Powers of inspectors (section one hundred and nineteen); and

(v.) Fines in case of death or injury (section one hundred and thirty-six),

shall have effect as if every dock, wharf, quay and warehouse and all machinery or plant used in the process of loading or unloading or coaling any ship in any dock, harbour or canal were included in the word "factory, " and the purpose for which the machinery or plant is used were a manufacturing process; and as if the person who by himself, his agents or workmen uses any such machinery or plant for the before-mentioned purpose were the occupier of the premises; and for the purpose of the enforcement of those provisions the person having the actual use or occupation of a dock, wharf, quay or warehouse or of any premises within the same or forming part thereof and the person so using any such machinery or plant shall be deemed to be the occupier of a factor}".

(2.) For the purposes of this section the expression "plant " includes any gangway or ladder used by any person employed to load or unload or coal a ship, and the expressions "ship " and " harbour " have the same meaning as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

(vi.) Buil

105. — (1.) The provisions of this Act with respect to —

(i.) Power to make orders as to dangerous machines (section seventeen);

(ii.) Accidents;

(iii.) Regulations for dangerous trades;

(iv.) Powers of inspectors (section one hundred and nineteen); and

(v.) Fines in case of death or injury (section one hundred and thirty-six),

shall have effect as if any premises on which machinery worked by steam, water or other mechanical power is temporarily used for the purpose of the construction of a building or any structural work in connection with a building were included in the word "factory, " and the purpose for which the machinery is used were a manufacturing process, and as if the person who, by himself, his agents or workmen, temporarily uses any such machinery for the before-mentioned purpose were the occupier of the said premises; and for the purpose of the enforcement of those provisions the person so using any such machinery shall be deemed to be the i ccupier of a factory.

(2.) The provisions of this Act with respect to notice of accidents and the formal investigation of accidents shall have effect as if —

(a) any building which exceeds thirty feet in height and which is being constructed or repaired by means of a scaffolding; and

1901.

Factory and Workshop, 1901. Ch. 22.

107

(b) any building which exceeds thirty feet in height and in which more than twenty persons, not being domestic servants, are employed for wages, were included in the word "factory, " and as if, in the first case, the employer of the persons engaged in the construction or repair and, in the second case, the occupier of the building were the occupier of a factory.

(vii.) Rail.

106. — (1.) Where any line or siding not being part of a railway Application of within the meaning of the Railway Employment (Prevention of certa.i" Accidents) Act, 1900, is used in connexion with a factory or £n*^onB to workshop or with any place to which any of the provisions of this sidings.

Act are applied, the provisions of this Act with respect to — 32* 64 'ict *

(i.) Power to make orders as to dangerous machines (section c" seventeen);

(ii.) Accidents;

(iii.) Regulations for dangerous trades;

(iv.) Powers of inspectors (section one hundred and nineteen);

and

(v.) Fines in case of death or injury (section one hundred and thirty-six),

shall have effect as if the line or siding were part of the factory or workshop.

(2.) If any such line or siding is used in connexion with more than one factory or workshop belonging to different occupiers, the foregoing provisions shall have effect as if the line or siding were a separate factory.

Part VL Home Work.

107. In the case of persons employed in such classes of work Lists of

as may from time to time be specified by Special Order of the 0Utw0rker3. o LJ c cu J. to be kept in

Secretary of State — certain trades.

(1.) The occupier of every factory and workshop and every contractor employed by any such occupier in the business of the factory or workshop shall —

(a) keep in the prescribed form and manner and with the prescribed particulars lists showing the names and addresses of. all persons directly employed by him, either as workmen or as contractors, in the business of the factory or workshop outside the factory or workshop and the places where they are employed; and

(b) send to an inspector such copies of or extracts from these lists as the inspector may from time to time require; and

(c) send on or before the first day of February and the first day of August in each year copies of those lists to the district council of the district in which the factory or workshop is situate.

108

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

Employment of person in unwholesome premises.

Making of wearing apparel where there is 6carlet fever or small-pox.

Prohibition of home work in places where there is infectious disease.

(2.) Every district council shall cause the lists received in pursuance of this section to be examined and shall furnish the name and place of employment of every outworker included in any such list whose place of employment is outside its district to the council of the district in which his place of employment is.

(3.) The lists kept by the occupier or contractor shall be open to inspection by any inspector under this Act and by any officer duly authorised by the district council, and the copies sent to the council and the particulars furnished by one council to another shall be open to inspection by any inspector under this Act.

(4.) This section shall apply to any place from which any work is given out and to the occupier of that place and to evety contractor employed by any such occupier in connexion with the said work, as if that place were a workshop.

(5.) In the event of a contravention of this section by the occupier of a factory, workshop or place or by a contractor, the occupier or contractor shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings and, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, not exceeding five pounds.

108. — (1.) If the district council within whcse district is situate a place in which work is carried on for the purpose of or in connexion with the business of a factory or workshop give notice in writing to the occupier of the factory or workshop or to any contractor employed by any such occupier that that place is injurious or dangerous to the health of the persons employed therein, then, if the occupier or contractor, after the expiration of one month from receipt of the notice, gives out work to be done in that place, and the place is found by the court having cognizance of the case to be so injurious or dangerous, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(2.) This section shall apply in the case of the occupier of any place from which any work is given out as if that place were a workshop.

(3.) This section shall not apply except in the case of persons employed in such classes of work as the Secretary of State may specify by Special Order.

109. If the occupier of a factory or workshop or of any place from which any work i9 given out or any contractor employed by any such occupier causes or allows wearing apparel to be made, cleaned or repaired in any dwelling-house or building occupied therewith whilst any inmate of the dwelling-house is suffering from scarlet fever or small-pox, then, unless he proves that he was not aware of the existence of the illness in the dwelling-house and could not reasonably have been expected to become aware of it, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

110. — (1.) If any inmate of a house is suffering from an infectious disease to which this section applies, the district council of the district in which the house is situate may make an order forbidding any work to which this section applies to be given out

1901.

Factwry and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

109

to any person living or working in that house or such part thereof as may be specified in the order, and any order so made may be served on the occupier of any factory or workshop or any other place from which work is given out or on the contractor employed by any such occupier.

(2.) The order may be made notwithstanding that the person Buffering from an infectious disease may have been removed from the house, and the order shall be made either for a specified time or subject to the condition that the house or part thereof liable to be infected shall be disinfected to the satisfaction of the medical officer of health or that other reasonable precautions shall be adopted.

(3.) In any case of urgency the powers conferred on the district council by this section may be exercised by any two or more members of the council acting on the advice of the medical officer of health.

(4.) If any occupier or contractor on whom an order under this section has been served contravenes the provisions of the order, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(5.) The infectious diseases to which this section applies are the infectious diseases required to be notified under the law for the time being in force in relation to the notification of infectious diseases, and the work to which this section applies is the making, cleaning, washing, altering, ornamenting, finishing and repairing of wearing apparel and any work incidental thereto and such other classes of work as may be specified by Special Order of the Secretary of State.

111. The application of this Act to domestic factories and Application of domestic workshops shall be subject to the following provisions: —

(1.) The regulations with respect to the hours of employment factories and of women, young persons and children shall not apply to any workshops.; such factory or workshop, and in lieu thereof the following regulations shall be observed therein:—

(a.) A young person or child shall not be employed in the factory or workshop except during the period of employment herein-after mentioned; and (b.) The period of employment for a young person shall, except on Saturday, begin at six o’clock in the morning and end at nine o’clock in the evening and shall, on Saturday, begin at six o’clock in the morning and end at four o'clock in the afternoon; and (c.) There shall be allowed to every young person for meals and absence from work during the period of employment not less, except on Saturday, than four hours and a half and, on Saturday, than two hours and a half; and (d.) The period of employment for a child on every day either shall begin at six o’clock in the morning and end at one o’clock in the afternoon or shall begin at one o’clock in the afternoon and end at eight o’clock in the evening or, on Saturday, at four o’clock in the afternoon; and for the purpose of the provisions of this Act respecting education

110

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901,

1 Edw. 7.

Dangerous processes iu domestic factories and workshops.

Abstracts for domestic factories and workshops.

Non-application of Act to certain domestic workshops.

such child shall be deemed, according to circumstances, to be employed in a morning or afternoon set; and

(e.) A child shall not be employed before the hour of one in the afternoon in two successive periods of seven days, nor after that hour iu two successive periods of seven days; and a child shall not be employed on Saturday in any week before the hour of one in the afternoon if on any other day in the same week he has been employed before that hour, nor after that hour if on any other day of the same week be has been employed after that hour; and

(/.) A child shall not be employed continuously for more than five hours without an interval of at least half-an-hour for a meal

(2.) The requirement as to making certain entries and reports when a woman, young person or child is employed in pursuance of an exception shall not apply except so far as may be prescribed from time to time by the Secretary of State.

(3.) The provisions of this Act with respect to certificates of fitness for employment shall apply to a domestic factory as if it were a workshop and not a factory.

(4.) The following provisions shall not apply to a domestic factory or to a domestic workshop, namely: —

(a) the provisions as to meal hours being simultaneous and as to prohibition of employment during meal times;

(b) the provisions as to affixing notices and abstracts and as to specifying certain matters in notices so affixed;

(c) the provisions as to holidays;

(d) the provisions as to notices of accidents;

(e) the provisions as to means of ventilation, the drainage of floors and thermometers;

(f) the provisions as to the keeping of a general register.

(5.) The provisions of section one of this Act (relating to the sanitary condition of a factory) shall not apply to a domestic factory.

112. If any manufacture, process or description of manual labour, which in pursuance of this Act has been certified by the Secretary of State to be dangerous, is carried on in a domestic factory or workshop, all the provisions of this Act shall apply, as if the place were a factory or workshop other than a domestic factory or woi kshop.

113. The Secretary of State shall give notice of the provisions of this Act relating to domestic factories and workshops by the publication of the prescribed abstract or otherwise, as he thinks fit.

114. — (1.) The exercise in a private house or private room by the family dwelling therein or by any of them of manual labour by way of trade or for purposes of gain in or incidental to any of the following handicrafts, namely —

(i) straw plaiting or

(ii) pillow-lace making or

(iii) glove making,

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

Cli. 22.

Ill

shall nob of itself constitute the house or room a workshop within the meaning of this Act.

When it is proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that, by reason of the light character of the handicraft carried on in any private house or private room by the family dwelling therein or by any of them, it is expedient to extend the provisions of this subsection to that handicraft, he may, by Special Order, extend the same accordingly. Part Two of this Act shall apply, so far as circumstances admit, as if the order were an order extending an exception.

(2.) The exercise in a private house or private room by the family dwelling therein or by any of them of manual labour for the purposes of gain in or incidental to any of the following purposes, namely —

(i) the making of any article or part of any article; or

(ii) the altering, repairing, ornamenting or finishing of any article; or

(iii) the adapting for sale of any article, shall not of itself constitute that house or room a workshop, where the labour is exercised at irregular intervals and does not furnish the whole or principal means of living to the family.

115. The expressions " domestic factory " and " domestic work- Definitions of shop " mean a private house, room or place which, though used as a dwelling, is by reason of the work carried on there a factory or "domestic11 a workshop, as the case may be, within the meaning of this Act workshop." and in which neither steam, water nor other mechanical power is used in aid of the manufacturing process carried on there and in which the only persons employed are members of the same family dwelling there.

Part VII.

Particulars of Work and Wages.

116. — (1.) In every textile factory the occupier shall, for the Particulars of purpose of enabling each worker who is paid by the piece to compute the total amount of wages payable to him in respect of t£ pieS0 his work, cause to be published particulars of the rate of wages workers, applicable to the work to be done and also particulars of the work to which that rate is to be applied, as follows: —

(a.) In the case of weavers in the worsted and woollen, other than the hosiery, trades, the particulars of the rate of wages applicable to the work done by each weaver shall be furnished to him in writing at the time when the work is given out to him and shall also be exhibited on a placard not containing any other matter and posted in a position where it is easily legible:

(6.) In the case of weavers in the cotton trade, the particulars of the rate of wages applicable to the work to be done by each weaver shall be furnished to him in writing at the time when the work is given out to him, and the basis and conditions by which the prices are regulated and fixed shall

112

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

also be exhibited in each room on a placard not containing any other matter and posted in a position where it is easily legible:

(c.) In the case of every other worker, the particulars of the rate of wages applicable to the work to be done by each worker shall be furnished to him in writing at the time when the work is given out to him; provided that, if the same particulars are applicable to the work to be done by each of the workers in one room, it shall be sufficient to exhibit them in that room on a placard not containing any other matter and posted in a position where it is easily legible:

((d.) Such particulars of the work to be done by each worker as affect the amount of wages payable to him shall (except so far as they are ascertainable by an automatic indicator) be furnished to him in writing at the time when the work is given out to him:

(e.) The particulars either as to rate of wages or as to work shall not be expressed by means of symbols:

(f.) Where an automatic indicator is used for ascertaining work, the indicator shall have marked on its case the number of teeth in each wheel and the diameter of the driving roller, except that, in the case of spinning machines with traversing carriages, the number of spindles and the length of the stretch in such machines shall be so marked in substitution for the diameter of the driving roller:

(g.) Where such particulars of the work to be done b3r each worker as affect the amount of wages payable to him are ascertained by an automatic indicator, and a placard containing the particulars as to the rate of wages is exhibited in each room, in pursuance of an agreement between employers and workmen and in conformity with the requirements of this section, the exhibition thereof shall be a sufficient compliance with this section.

(2.) If the occupier fails to comply with the requirements of this section or fraudulently uses a false indicator for ascertaining the particulars or amount of any work paid for by the piece, or if any workman fraudulently alters an automatic indicator, the occupier or workman, as the case may be, shall be liable for each offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction within two years from the last conviction for that offence, not less than one pound. Provided that an indicator shall not be deemed false if it complies with the requirements of this section.

(3.) If anyone engaged as a worker in a factory, having received any such particulars, whether they are furnished directly to him or to a fellow workman, discloses the particulars for the purpose of divulging a trade secret, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(4.) If anyone, for the purpose of obtaining knowledge of or divulging a trade secret, solicits or procures a person so engaged in a factory to disclose any such particulars or with that object pays

1901. Factory and Workshop, 1901. Ch. 22. 113

or rewards any such person or causes any such person to be paid or rewarded for disclosing any such particulars, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(5.) The Secretary of State, on being satisfied by the report of an inspector that the provisions of this section are applicable to any class of non-textile factories or to any class of workshops, may, if he thinks fit, by Special Ol der, apply the provisions of this section to any such class, subject to such modifications as may, in his opinion, be necessary for adapting those provisions to the circumstances of the case. He may also, by any such order, apply those provisions, subject to such modifications as may, in his opinion, be necessary for adapting them to the circumstances of the case, to any class of persons of whom lists may be required to be kept under the provisions of this Act relating to outworkers and to the employers of those persons.

117. Every Act for the time being in force relating to weights Inspection of and measures shall extend to weights, measures, scales, balances, *eigJ^8U8e<i steelyards and weighing machines used in a factory or workshop in ascertain^ in checking or ascertaining the wages of any person employed wages, therein, in like manner as if they were used in the sale of goods and as if the factory or workshop were a place where goods are kept for sale, and every such Act shall apply accordingly, and every inspector of, or other person authorised to inspect or examine, weights and measures, shall inspect, stamp, mark, search for and examine the said weights and measures, scales, balances, steelyards and weighing machines accordingly and for that purpose shall have the same powers and duties as he has in relation to weights, measures, scales, balances, steelyards and weighing machines used in the sale of goods.

Part VIII.

Administration.

(i.) Inspection.

118. — (1.) The Secretary of State, with the approval of the Appointment Treasury as to numbers and salaries, may appoint such inspectors °*tl

(under whatever title he may from time to time fix) and such cie5s and clerks and servants as he thinks necessary for the execution of servant *, this Act and may assign to them their duties and award them their salaries and may appoint a chief inspector with an office in London and may regulate the cases and manner in which the inspectors or any of them are to execute and perform the powers and duties of inspectors under this Act and may remove such inspectors, clerks and servants.

(2.) In the appointment of inspectors of factories in Wales and Monmouthshire, among candidates otherwise equally qualified, persons having a knowledge of the Welsh language shall be preferred.

(3.) Notice of the appointment of every inspector shall be published in the London Gazette.

H

114

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Power* of inspectors.

(4.) The salaries of the inspectors, clerks and servants and the expenses incurred by them or by the Secretary of State in the execution of this Act shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(5.) A person who is the occupier of a factory or workshop or is directly or indirectly interested therein or in any process or business carried on therein or in a patent connected therewith or is employed in or about a factory or workshop shall not act as an inspector.

(6.) An inspector shall not be liable to serve in any parochial or municipal office.

(7.) Such annual report of the proceedings of the inspectors as the Secretary of State directs shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

(8.) A reference in this Act to an inspector refers, unless it ia otherwise expressed, to an inspector appointed in pursuance of this section, and a notice or other document required by this Act to be sent to an inspector shall be sent to such inspector as a Secretary of State directs, by declaration published in the London Gazette or otherwise as he thinks expedient for making the same known to all persons interested.

119. — (I.) An inspector shall, for the purpose of the execution of this Act, have power to do all or any of the following things; namely, —

(a.) To enter, inspect and examine at all reasonable times, by day and night, a factory and a workshop and every part-thereof, when he has reasonable cause to believe that any person is employed therein, and to enter by day any place which he has reasonable cause to believe to be a factory or workshop; and

(b.) To take with him in either case a constable into a factory or workshop in which he has reasonable cause to apprehend any serious obstruction in the execution of his duty; and (c.) To require the production of the registers, certificates, notices and documents kept in pursuance of this Act and to inspect, examine and copy the same; and (d.) To make such examination and inquiry as may be necessary to ascertain whether the enactments for the time being in force relating to public health and the enactments of this Act are complied with, bo far as respects the factory or workshop and the persons employed therein; and (e.) To enter any school in which he has reasonable cause to believe that children employed in a factory or workshop are for the time being educated; and (/.) To examine, either alone or in the presence of any other person, as he thinks fit, with respect to matters under this Act, every person whom he finds in a factory or workshop or such a school as aforesaid or whom he has reasonable cause to believe to be or to have been, within the preceding two months, employed in a factory or workshop and to require every such person to be so examined and to sign a declaration

115

1901. Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

of the truth of the matters respecting which he is so examined; and

(g.) To exercise such other powers as may be necessary for carrying this Act into effect.

(2.) The occupier of every factory and workshop, hi^s agents and servants shall furnish the means required by an inspector as necessary for an entry, inspection, examination, inquiry or the exercise of his powers under this Act in relation to that factory or workshop.

(3.) If any person wilfully delays an inspector in the exercise of any power under this section or fails to comply with the requisition of an inspector in pursuance of this section or to produce any certificate or document which he is required by or in pursuance of this Act to produce or conceals or prevents or attempts to conceal or prevent a woman, young person or child from appearing before or being examined by an inspector, that person shall be deemed to obstruct an inspector in the execution of his duties under this Act:

Provided that no one shall be required under this section to answer any question or to give any evidence tending to criminate himself.

(4.) Where an inspector is obstructed in the execution of his duties under this Act, the person obstructing him shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds; and where an inspector is so obstructed in a factory or workshop, other than a domestic factory or a domestic workshop, the occupier of that factory or workshop shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five, or where the offence is committed at night twenty, pounds; and, where an inspector is so obstructed in a domestic factory or a domestic workshop, the occupier shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one pound or, where the offence is committed at night, five pounds; and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction under this section in relation to a factory within two years from the last conviction for the same offence, a fine not less than one pound shall be imposed for each offence.

120. An inspector, if so authorised in writing under the hand Right of

of the Secretary of State, may, although he is not a counsel or JJ

solicitor or law agent, prosecute, conduct or defend before a court ceedings before of summary jurisdiction or justice any information, complaint or magistrates, other proceeding arising under this Act or in the discharge of his

duty as inspector.

121. Every inspector shall be furnished with the prescribed Certificate of certificate of his appointment and, on applying for admission to a ppowtment of factory or workshop, shall, if so required, produce the said certificate mapCc °r‘

to the occupier.

(ii.) Certifying Surgeons.

122. — (1.) Subject to such regulations as may be made by the Appointment Secretary of State, an inspector may appoint a sufficient number of duly registered medical practitioner to be certifying surgeons surgeons? for the purposes of this Act and may revoke any such appointment.

116

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

When poor law medical officer ia to act as certifying surgeon.

Fees of

certifying

surgeons.

(2.) Every appointment and revocation of appointment of a certifying surgeon may be annulled by the Secretary of State upon appeal to him for that purpose.

(3.) A surgeon who is the occupier of a factory or workshop or is directly or indirectly interested therein or in any process or business carried on therein or in a patent connected therewith shall not be a certifying surgeon for that factory or workshop.

(4.) The Secretary of State may make rules for the guidance of certifying surgeons and for the particulars to be registered respecting their visits and for the forms of certificates and other documents to be used by them.

(5.) Every certifying surgeon shall, if so directed by the Secretary of State, make any special inquiry and re-examine any young person or child.

(6.) Every certifying surgeon shall in each year make at the prescribed time a report in the prescribed form to the Secretary of State as to the persons inspected during the year and the results of the inspection.

123. Where there is no certifying surgeon for a factory or workshop, the poor law medical officer for the district in which the factory or workshop is situate shall act for the time being as the certifying surgeon for that factory or workshop.

124. — (I.) The fees to be paid to a certifying surgeon in respect of the examination of, and grant of certificates of fitness for employment for, young persons and children shall be regulated as follows: —

(a.) The occupier of the factory may agree with the certifying surgeon as to the amount of the fees;

(b.) In the absence of -agreement, the fees shall be in accordance with the scale set forth in Part I. of the Fifth Schedule to this Act or with such scale as may be substituted therefor by the Secretary of State;

(c.) The occupier shall pay the fees on the completion of the examination or, if any certificates are granted, at the time at which the surgeon signs the certificates or at any other time directed by an inspector;

(2.) The fees to be paid to a certifying surgeon in cases where, in pursuance of a direction of the Secretary of State or of regulations made under this Act, he is required to examine the persons employed in a factory or workshop shall be in accordance with the scale set forth in Part II. of the Fifth Schedule to this Act or with such scale as may be substituted therefor by the Secretary of State. Such fees shall, where the examination is in pursuance of a direction of the Secretary of State, be paid by the Secretary of State and, where the examination is in pursuance of regulations, be paid by the occupier of the factory or workshop.

(3.) The fee to be paid to a certifying surgeon for the investigation of an accident in pursuance of this Act shall be such sum, not more than ten nor less than three shillings, as the Secretary of State may. prescribe, and shall be paid by the Secretary of State as expenses incurred in the execution of this Act.

1901. Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22. 117

(iii.) Local Authorities.

125. For the purpose of their duties with respect to workshops Powers of and workplaces under this Act and under the law relating to loc?1 public health, the district council and their officers shall, without "Hd thSr* prejudice to their other powers, have all such powers of entry, officers, inspection, taking legal proceedings or otherwise as an inspector under this Act.

(iv.) Special Orde.

126. The following provisions shall apply to such orders made Provisions as by the Secretary of State in pursuance of this Act as are in this Act referred to as Special Orders:— Secretary of

(1.) The order shall be under the hand of the Secretary of State State-and shall be published in such manner as the Secretary of State thinks best adapted for the information of all persons concerned and shall come into operation at the date of its publication or at any later date mentioned in the order:

(2.) The order may be temporary or permanent, conditional or unconditional and, whether granting or extending an exception or prohibition or directing the adoption of any special means or provision or rescinding a previous order or effecting any other thing, may do so either wholly or partly:

(3.) The order shall be laid as soon as may be before both Houses of Parliament and, if either House of Parliament, within the next forty days after the order has been so laid before that House, resolves that the order ought to be annulled, it shall, after the date of that resolution, be of no effect, without prejudice to the validity of anything done in the meantime under the order or to the making of a new order:

(4.) The order, while it is in force, shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, apply as if it formed part of the enactment which provides for the making of the order.

(v.) Notices, Registers and Returns.

127. — (1.) Every person shall, within one month after he begins Notice of to occupy a factory or workshop, serve on the inspector for the occupation of district a written notice containing the name of the factory or Sjr2bop. workshop, the place where it is situate, the address to which he desires his letters to be addressed, the nature of the work, the nature and amount of the moving power therein and the name of the person or firm under which the business of the factory or workshop is to be carried on.

(2.) In the event of a contravention of this section by the occupier of a factory or workshop, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3.) Where an inspector receives notice in pursuance of this section with respect to a workshop, he shall forthwith forward the notice to the district council of the district in which the workshop is situate.

118

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Affixing of abstract and notices.

General

registers.

Periodical return of persons employed.

128. — (1.) There shall be affixed at the entrance of every factory and workshop and in such other parts thereof as an inspector for the time being directs and be constantly kept so affixed in the prescribed form and in such position as to be easily read by the persons employed in the factory or workshop —

(a.) The prescribed abstract of this Act; and

(b.) A notice of the name and address of the prescribed inspector; and

(c.) A notice of the name and address of the certifying surgeon for the district; and

(d.) A notice of the clock (if any) by which the period of employment and times for meals in the factory or workshop are regulated; and

(e.) Every notice and document required by this Act to be affixed in the factory or workshop.

(2.) In the event of a contravention of this section in a factory or workshop, the occupier of the factory or workshop shall be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

129. — (1.) In every factory and workshop there shall be kept a register, called the general register, showing in the prescribed form the prescribed particulars as to —

(a) the children and young persons employed in the factory or workshop; and

(b) the lime-washing of the factory or workshop; and

(c) every accident occurring in the factory or workshop of which notice is required to be sent to an inspector; and

(d) every special exception of which the occupier of the factory or workship avails himself; and

(e) such other matters as may be prescribed.

(2.) Where any entry is required by this Act to be made in the general register, the entry made by the occupier of a factory or workshop or on his behalf shall, as against him, be admissible as prima facie evidence of the facts therein stated, and the failure to make any entry so required with respect to the observance of any provision of this Act shall be admissible as prim& facie evidence that that provision has not been observed.

(3.) The register shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by the certifying surgeon of the district.

(4.) The occupier of a factory or workshop shall send to an inspector such extracts from the general register as the inspector from time to time requires for the execution of his duties under this Act.

(5.) If in any factory or workshop any requirement of this section is not complied with, the occupier shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

130. — (1.) The occupier of every factory or workshop shall, on or before such days as the Secretary of State may direct, at intervals of not less than one nor more than three years, send to the Chief Inspector of Factories a correct return specifying, with respect to such day or days or such period as the Secretary of State may direct, the number of persons employed in the factory or

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

119

workshop, with such particulars as to the age, sex and occupation of the persons employed as the Secretary of State may direct and, in default of complying with this section, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(2.) The occupier of any place to which any of the provisions of this Act apply shall, if so required by the Secretary of State, make to the Chief Inspector of Factories a like return as is required to be made by this section and shall be liable to a like fine for default in compliance with the requirement.

13L Every district council shall keep a register of all workshops situate within their district.

132. The medical officer of health of every district council shall, in his annual report to them, report specifically on the administration of this Act in workshops and workplaces, and he shall send •a copy of his annual report or so much of it as deals with this aubject to the Secretary of State.

Miscellaneom Provisions.

133. Where any woman, young person or child is employed in a workshop in which no abstract of this Act is affixed as by this Act required, and the medical officer of the district council becomes aware thereof, he shall forthwith give written notice thereof to the inspector for the district.

r*i34. Where the age of any young person under the age of sixteen years or child is required to be ascertained or proved for the purposes of this Act or for any purpose connected with the employment in labour or elementary education of the young person or child, any person shall, on presenting a written requisition in such form and containing such particulars as may be from time to time prescribed by the Local Government Board and on payment of a fee of sixpence, be entitled to obtain a certified copy under the hand of a registrar or superintendent registrar of the -eutry in the register, under the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874, of the birth of that young person or child; and such form of requisition shall, on request, be supplied without charge by every superintendent registrar and registrar of births, deaths and marriages.

Part IX

Legal Proceedings.

135. — (1.) If a factory or workshop is not kept in conformity with this Act, the occupier thereof shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction in relation to a factory within two }rears from the last conviction for the same offence, not less than one pound for each offence.

(2.) The court of summary jurisdiction, in addition to or instead of inflicting a fine, may order certain means to be adopted by the

Registers of workshops.

Report of medical officer of health on administration of Act.

Notice by medical officer of health of employment of woman, young person or child in workshops.

Certificate of birth in case of young persons under 16 and children.

Fine for not keeping factory or workshop in conformity with Act.

120

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

1 Edw. 7-

Fines in case of death or injury.

Fine for employing person? contrary to Act.

occupier, within the time named in the order, for the purpose of bringing his factory or workshop into conformity with this Act. The court may, on application, enlarge the time so named, but if, after the expiration of the time as originally named or enlarged by subsequent order, the order is not complied with, the occupier shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one pound for every day on which the non-compliance continues.

136. If any person is killed or dies or sufieis any bodily injury or injury to health, in consequence of the occupier of a factory or workshop having neglected to observe any provision of this Act or anj’ regulation made in pursuance of this Act, the occupier of the factory or workshop shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction in relation to a factory within two years from the last conviction for the same offence, not less than one pound for each offence; and the whole or any part of the fine may be applied for the benefit of the injured person or his family or otherwise, as the Secretary of State determines:

Provided as follows: —

(a.) In the case of injury to health the occupier shall not be liable under this section, unless the injury was caused directly by the neglect:

(6.) The occupier shall not be liable to fine under this section if an information against him for not observing the provision or regulation to the' breach of which the death or injury was attributable has been heard and dismissed previous to the time when the death or injury was inflicted.

137. — (1.) Where any person is employed in a factory or workshop, other than a domestic factory or a domestic workshop, contrary to the provisions of this Act, the occupier of the factory or workshop shall be liable to a fine not exceeding three, or if the offence was committed during the night five, pounds for each person so employed and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction in relation to a factory within two years from the last conviction for the same offence, not less than one pound for each offence; and, where any person is so employed in a domestic factory or a domestic workshop, the occupier shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one, or if the offence was committed during the night two, pounds for each person so employed and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction within two years from the last conviction in relation to a factory for the same offence, not less than one pound for each offence.

(2.) If a woman, young person or child is not allowed times for meals and absence from work, as required by this Act, or during any part of the times allowed for meals or absence from work is, in contravention of the provisions of this Act, employed in the factory or workshop or allowed to remain in any room, the woman, young person or child shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the provisions of this Act.

1901.

Factory and Workshop, 1901. Ch. 22.

121

138. — (1.) If a young person or child is employed in a factory Fine for or workshop contrary to the provisions of this Act, the parent of offence by the young person or child shall he liable to a fine not exceeding parent' twenty shillings for each offence, unless it appears to the court

that the offence was committed without the consent, connivance or wilful default of the parent.

(2.) If the parent of a child neglects to cause the child to attend school in accordance with this Act, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty shillings for each offence.

139. If any person — Forgery of

(a) forges or counterfeits any certificate for the purposes of fai*. entrjt's

this Act (for the forgery or counterfeiting of which no and false other punishment is provided); or declarations.

(b) gives or signs any such certificate, knowing the same to he false in any material particular; or

(c) knowingly utters or makes use of any certificate so forged, counterfeited or false as aforesaid; or

(d) knowingly utters or makes use of, as applying to any person, a certificate which does not so apply; or

(e) personates any person named in a certificate; or (/) falsely pretends to be an inspector; or

(g) wilfully connives at the forging, counterfeiting, giving, signing, uttering, making use or personating as aforesaid; or

(h) wilfully makes a false entry in any register, notice, certificate or document required by this Act to be kept or served or sent; or (i) wilfully makes or signs a false declaration under this Act; or

(j) knowingly makes use of any such false entry or declaration,

he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, with or without hard labour.

140. Where an offence for which the occupier of a factory or Fine on person

workshop is liable under this Act to a fine has in fact been actual|y. committed by some agent, servant, workman or other person, that ^meetor agent, servant, workman or other person shall be liable to the like which occupier fine as if he were the occupier. is liable-

14L — (1.) Where the occupier of a factory or workshop is Power of charged with an offence against this Act, he shall be entitled, upon 0CCUPier to information duly laid by him, to have any other person whom he hhnsdf from charges as the actual offender brought before the court at the time fine on appointed for hearing the charge; and if, after the commission of

of the offence has been proved, the occupier of the factory or offender, workshop proves to the satisfaction of the court —

(a) that he has used due diligence to enforce the execution of this Act; and

(b) that the said other person had committed the offence in question without his knowledge, consent or connivance,

122

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Owner of machine liable in certain cases instead of occupier.

Limit to

cumulative

fines.

Prosecution of offences and recovery and application of fines.

that other person shall be summarily convicted of the offence, and the occupier shall be exempt from any fine. The person so convicted shall, in the discretion of the court, be also liable to pay any costs incidental to the proceedings.

(2.) When it is made to appexr to the satisfaction of an inspector at the time of discovering an offence —

(a) that the occupier of the factory or workshop has used all due diligence to enforce the execution of this Act; and

(b) by what person the offence has been committed; and

(c) that it has been committed without the knowledge, consent or connivance of the occupier and in contravention of his orders,

the inspector shall proceed against the person whom he believes to be the actual offender without first proceeding against the occupier of the factory or workshop.

142. Where in a factory the owner or hirer of a machine or implement moved by steam, water or other mechanical power is some person other than the occupier of the factory, the owner or hirer shall, so far as respects any offence against this Act committed in relation to a person who is employed in or about or in connexion with that machine or implement and is in the employment or pay of the owner or hirer, be deemed to be the occupier of the factory.

143. A person shall not be liable, in respect of a repetition of the same kind of offence from day to day, to any larger amount of fines than the highest fine fixed by this Act for the offence, except —

(a) where the repetition of the offence occurs after an information has been laid for the previous offence; or (b)where the offence is one of employing two or more persons, contrary to the provisions of this Act.

144. — (1.) All offences under this Act shall be prosecuted and all fines under this Act shall be recovered, on summary conviction, before a court of summary jurisdiction in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

(2.) A summary order may be made for the purposes of this Act by a court of summary jurisdiction in manner provided by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

(3.) All fines imposed in pursuance of this Act shall, save as otherwise expressly provided for by this Act, be paid into the Exchequer.

(4.) Where a proceeding is taken before a court of summary jurisdiction with respect to an offence against this Act alleged to be committed in or with reference to a factory or workshop, the occupier of the factory or workshop and the father, son or brother of the occupier of the factory or workshop shall not be qualified to act as a member of the court.

(5.) A person engaged in, or being an officer of any association of persons engaged in, the same trade or occupation as a person charged with any offence under this Act shall not act as a justice of the peace in hearing and determining the charge.

1901.

Factory and Workshop, 1901. Ch. 22.

123

145. If any person feels aggrieved by a conviction or order Appeal to made by a court of summary jurisdiction on determining an quarter information or complaint under this Act, he may appeal therefrom 8e88ion9-to quarter sessions.

146. The following provisions shall have effect with respect to Limitation of

summary proceedings for offences and fines under this Act: — time "d

(1.) The information shall be laid within three months after the provSons as date at which the offence comes to the knowledge of the to summary inspector for the district within which the offence is charged proceedings, to have been committed, or, in case of an inquest being held in relation to the offence, then within two months after the conclusion of the inquest, so, however, that it be not laid after the expiration of six months from the commission of the offence:

(2.) It shall be sufficient to allege that a factory or workshop is a factory or workshop within the meaning of this Act, without more:

(3.) It shall be sufficient to state the name of the ostensible occupier of the factory or workshop or the title of the firm by which the occupier employing persons in the factory or workshop is usually known:

(4.) A conviction or order made in any matter arising under this Act, either originally or on appeal, shall not be quashed for want of form, and a conviction or order made by a court of summary jurisdiction, againRt which a person is authorised by this Act to appeal, shall not be removed by certiorari or otherwise, either at the instance of the Crown or of any private person, into a superior court, except for the purpose of the hearing and determination of a special case.

147. — (1.) If a person is found in a factory or workshop, except Evidence in at meal times or while all the machinery of the factory or work- 8^Lfg, shop is stopped or for the sole purpose of bringing food to the P persons employed in the factory or workshop between the hours of

four and five o’clock in the afternoon, he shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have been then employed in the factory or workshop:

Provided that yards, playgrounds and places open to the public view, schoolrooms, waiting rooms and other rooms belonging to the factory or workshop, in which no machinery is used or manufacturing process earned on, shall not be taken to be any part of the factory or workshop within the meaning of this enactment; and this enactment shall not apply to a domestic factory or workshop.

(2.) Where a young person or child is, in the opinion of the court, apparently of the age alleged by the informant, it shall lie on the defendant to prove that the young person or child is not of that age.

(3.) A declaration in writing by a certifying surgeon for the district, that he has personally examined a person employed in a factory or workshop in that district and believes him to be under the age set forth in the declaration, shall be admissible in evidence of the age of that person.

124

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Service of notice3 and documents, &c.

Factories and workshops to which Act applies.

(4.) A copy of a conviction for an offence against this Act, purporting to be certified under the hand of the clerk of the peace having the custody of the conviction to be a true copy, t-liall be receivable as evidence, and every such clerk of the peace shall, on the written request of an inspector and payment of a fee of one shilling, deliver to him a copy of the conviction so certified.

148. Any notice, order, requisition, summons and document required or authorised to be served or sent for the purposes of this Act-~

(a) may be served and sent by post or by delivering the same to or at the residence of the person on or to whom it is to be served or sent or (where he is the owner of a factory or workshop) by delivering the same or a true copy thereof to his agent or (where he is the occupier of a factory or workshop) by delivering the same or a true copy thereof to his agent or to some person in the factory or workshop; and (b)Where it is required to be served on or sent to the occupier of a factory or workshop, shall be deemed to be properly addressed if addressed to the occupier of the factory or workshop at the factory or workshop, with the addition of the proper postal address, but without naming the person who is the occupier.

Part X.

Supplementary.

(i.) Application and Definitions.

149. — (1.) Subject to the provisions of this section, the following expressions have in this Act the meanings hereby assigned to them; that is to say:—

The expression "textile factory" means any premises wherein or within the close or curtilage of which steam, water or other mechanical power is used to move or work any machinery employed in preparing, manufacturing or finishing or in any process incident to the manufacture of cotton, wool, hair, silk, flax, hemp, jute, tow, china-grass, cocoa-nut fibre or other like material, either separately or mixed together or mixed with any other material, or any fabric made thereof:

Provided that print work?, bleaching and dyeing works, lace warehouses, paper mills, flax scutch mills, rope works and hat works shall not be deemed to be textile factories:

The expression "non-textile factory" means —

(a) any works, warehouses, furnaces, mills, foundries or places named in Part One of the Sixth Schedule to this Act; and

(b) any premises or places named in Part Two of the said schedule wherein or within the close or curtilage or precincts of which steam, water or other mechanical power is used in aid of the manufacturing process cerried on there; and

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

125

(c) any premises wherein or within the close or curtilage or precincts of which any manual labour is exercised by way of trade or for purposes of gain in or incidental to any of the following purposes, namely —

(L) the making of any article or of part of any article; or

(ii.) the altering, repairing, ornamenting or finishing of any article; or (iii.) the adapting for sale of any article, and wherein or within the close or curtilage or precincts of which steam, water or other mechanical power is used in aid of the manufacturing process carried on there:

The expression "factory" means textile factory and non-textile factory or either of those descriptions of factories:

The expression "tenement factory" means a factory where mechanical power is supplied to different parts of the same building occupied by different persons for the purpose of any manufacturing process or handicraft, in such manner that those parts constitute in law separate factories; and, for the purpose of the provisions of this Act with respect to tenement factories, all buildings situate within the same close or curtilage shall be treated as one building.

The expression "workshop" means —

(a) any premises or places named in Part Two of the Sixth Schedule to this Act which are not a factory; and

(b) any premises, room or place, not being a factory, in which premises, room or place or within the close or curtilage or precincts of which premises any manual labour is exercised by way of trade or for purposes of gain in or incidental to any of the following purposes, namely —

(i.) the making of any article or of part of any article; or (ii.) the altering, repairing, ornamenting or finishing of any article; or (iii.) the adapting for sale of any article, and to or over which premises, room or place the employer of the persons working therein has the right of access or control:

The expression "workshop " includes a tenement workshop.

The expression "tenement workshop" means any workplace in which, with the permission of or under agreement with the owner or occupier, two or more persons carry on any work which would constitute the workplace a workshop if the persons working therein were in the employment of the owner or occupier.

(2.) A part of a factory or workshop may, with the approval in writing of the chief inspector, be taken for the purposes of this Act to be a separate factory or workshop.

(3.) A room solely used for the purpose of sleeping therein shall not be deemed to form part of the factory or workshop for the purposes of this Act.

(4.) Where a place situate within the close, curtilage or precincts forming a factory or workshop is solely used for some purpose

i2a

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

Application to Crown factories and workshops.

Power to treat separate branches as separate factories or workshops.

Definition of employment and working for hire.

Application of Act to London.

other than the manufacturing process or handicraft carried on in the factory or workshop, that place shall not be deemed to form part of the factory or workshop for the purposes of this Act, but shall, if otherwise it would be a factory or workshop, be deemed to be a separate factory or workshop and be regulated accordingly.

(5.) A place or premises shall not be excluded from the definition of a factory or workshop by reason only that the place or premises is or are in the open air.

(6.) The exercise by any young person or child in any recognised efficient school, during a portion of the school hours, of any manna! labour for the purpose of instructing the young person or child in any art or handicraft, shall not be deemed to be an exercise of manual labour for the purpose of gain within the meaning of this Act.

150. — (1.) This Act applies to factories and workshops belonging to the Crown; but in case of any public emergency the Secretary of State may, by order, to the extent and during the period named by him, exempt from this Act any factory or workshop belonging to the Crown or any factory or workshop in respect of work which is being done on behalf of the Crown under a contract specified in the order.

(2.) A factory or workshop belonging to or in the occupation of the Crown shall not be excluded from the operation of this Act by reason only that it is not carried on by way of trade or for the purpose of gain.

(3.) The powers conferred by this Act on a district council or other local authority shall, in the case of a factory or workshop belonging to or in the occupation of the Crown, be exercised by an inspector under this Act.

151. The Secretary of State may, by Special Order, direct, with respect to any class of factories or workshops, that different branches or departments of work carried on in the same factory or workshop shall, for all or any of the purposes of this Act, be treated as if they were different factories or workshops.

152. — (1.) A woman, young person or child who works in a factory or workshop, whether for wages or not, either in a manufacturing process or handicraft or in cleaning any part of the factory or workshop used for any manufacturing process or handicraft or in cleaning or oiling any part of the machinery or in any other kind of work whatsoever incidental to or connected with the manufacturing process or handicraft or connected with the article made or otherwise the subject of the manufacturing process or handicraft therein, shall, save as is otherwise provided by this Act, be deemed to be employed therein within the meaning of this Act.

(2.) For the purposes of this Act an apprentice shall be deemed to work for hire.

153. — (1.) In the application to the administrative county of London of the section of this Act relating to the means of escape

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

127

from fire, the London County Council shall take the place of the district council, and their expenses in the execution of that section shall be defrayed as part of their expenses in the management of the London Building Act, 1894. H1 57 & Vict.

(2.) In the application to the administrative county of London c’ccxm* of the section of this Act giving power to make byelaws providing for means of escape from fire, the reference to a district council shall be construed as a reference to the London County Council.

(3.) The power of the London County Council under section one hundred and sixty-four of the London Building Act, 1894, to make byelaws with respect to the means of escape from fire in buildings exceeding sixty feet in height shall extend to all factories and workshops, whether exceeding sixty feet in height or not.

(4.) Subject as aforesaid, references in this Act to a district council and the district thereof shall, as regards the city of London, be construed as references to the court of common council and the city and, as regards any other part of the administrative county of London, as references to the council of a metropolitan borough and the metropolitan borough.

154. References in this Act to a district council and the district Application of thereof shall be construed as including references to the council of A*1* county a county borough and the county borough. roug

155. The powers conferred by this Act on district councils shall Saving for

be in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other powers listing power* which they may possess.

156. — (1.) In this Act unless the context otherwise requires, — General The expression "bank holiday" means a holiday under the definition*.

Holidays Extension Act, 1875: 88 & 39 Vict.

The expression "child" means a person who is under the age of fourteen years and who has not, being of the age of thirteen years, obtained the certificate of proficiency or attendance at school mentioned in Part III. of this Act:

The expression "machinery" includes any driving strap or "Machinery." band:

The expression "mill-gearing " comprehends every shaft, «Hiil-gear-whether upright, oblique or horizontal, and every wheel, in6-" drum or pulley or other appliance by which the motion of the first moving power is communicated to any machine appertaining to a manufacturing process:

The expression "night" means the period between nine o’clock " Night." in the evening and six o’clock in the succeeding morning:

The expression "owner " has the meaning given to it by " Owner." section four of the Public Health Act, 1875:

The expression "parent" means a parent or guardian of, or "Parent." person having the legal custody of, or the control over, or having direct benefit from the wages of, a young person or child:

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed for the time " Prescribed " being by the Secretary of State:

The expression "process " includes the uso of any locomotive:" Process."

128

" Special Order."

" Week."

" Woman."

" Yonng person."

Men’s

workshops.

Saving for young persons employed in repairs.

Application of Act to Scotland.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 38.

Ch. 22. Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

The expression "Special Order" means an order which is subject to the provisions of section one hundred and twenty-six of this Act with regard to Special Orders of the Secretary of State:

The expression "week" means the period between midnight on Saturday night and midnight on the succeeding Saturday night:

The expression "woman" means a woman of the age of eighteen years and upwards:

The expression "young person" means a person who has ceased to be a child and is under the age of eighteen years:

(2.) For the purposes of this Act, employment shall be deemed to be continuous unless interrupted by an interval of at least half an hour.

(3.) The factories and workshops named in the Sixth Schedule to this Act are in this Act referred to by the names therein assigned to them.

(4.) References in this Act to regulations made under under this Act shall be construed as including references to special rules established or requirements made under any previous Act.

157. The following provisions of this Act shall not apply to men’s workshops, that is to say, workshops conducted on the system of not employing any woman, young person or child therein: —

(1.) The sections in Part I. relating to temperature, thermometers, means of ventilation, drainage of floors, sanitary conveniences, opening of doors, power to make orders as to dangerous machinery and inquests;

(2.) Part 1L and Part II I.;

(3.) The sections in Part IV. relating to fans and to lavatories and meals;

(4.) Part VII.;

(5.) The sections of Part VIII. relating to the affixing of abstracts and notices and the keeping of a general register, and the first subsection of the section relating to periodical returns.

158. Nothing in this Act shall extend to any young person being a mechanic, artizan or labourer working only in repairing either the machinery in, or any part of, a factory or workshop.

(ii.) Application of Act to Scotland and Ireland.

159. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

(1.) The expression "certified efficient school" means any public or other elementary school under Government inspection:

(2.) The expression "district council " and the expression "district" used with reference to such council mean the local authority under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, and their district:

1901. Factory and Workshop, 1901. Ch. 22. 129

(3.) The expression "medical officer of health" means the medical officer under the Public Health (Scotland) Act,

1897:

(4.) The expression "poor law medical officer" means the medical officer appointed by the parish council:

(5.) The expression "court of summary jurisdiction" means the sheriff of the county:

(6.) The expression "Board of Education" means the Scotch Education Department:

(7.)The provisions of this Act relating to certificates of proficiency or of due attendance shall not apply, but a child of the age of thirteen years, who has obtained exemption from the obligation to attend school in the manner prescribed by section three of the Education l Edw. 7. c. 9. (Scotland) Act, 1901, shall be deemed to be a young person for the purposes of this Act:

(8.) The expression "county court" means the sheriff court:

(9.) All matters required by this Act to be published in the London Gazette shall, if they relate to Scotland, be published in the Edinburgh Gazette, either in addition or in substitution as the case may require:

(10.) The expression "information" means petition or complaint:

•(11.) The expression "informant" means petitioner, pursuer or complainer:

(12.) The expression "defendant" means defender or respondent:

(13.) The expression "clerk of the peace" means sheriff clerk:

(14.) The expression "owner " has the meaning given to it by section three of the Public Health (Scotland) Act,

1897:

(15.) The expression "inspector of nuisances" means sanitary inspector within the meaning of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897:

(16.) The expression "Births and Deaths Registration Acts,

1836 to 1874," means the Acts relating to the registration of births, deaths and marriages in Scotland:

(17.) The expression "Public Health Act, 1875," means the

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, and the Acts 60 & 61 Vict, amending the same, and references to section ninety-one c-38* and sections one hundred and eighty-two to one hundred and eighty-six of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall be construed respectively as references to section sixteen and sections one hundred and eighty-three to one hundred and eighty-seven of the Public Health (Scotland) Act,

1897:

(18.) The expenses incurred by a local authority under the provisions of this Act with respect to means of escape in case of fire shall be defrayed out of the public health general assessment levied under the Public Health (Scotland)

Act, 1897:

I

130

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

20 Geo. 2. c. 43.

36 & 30 Vict. C. 62.

Application of Act to Ireland.

55 & 56 Vict. C. 42.

(19.) The expression "Local Government Board" means the Local Government Board for Scotland:

(20.) All offences under this Act shall be prosecuted and all penalties under this Act shall be recovered under the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts at the instance of the procurator fiscal or of any inspector: (21.) The court may make and may alter or vary summary orders under this Act on petition by the procurator fiscal or an inspector presented in common form:

(22.) All fines under this Act in default of payment and all orders made under this Act failing compliance may be enforced by impi isonrnent for a term to be specified in the order or conviction but not exceeding three months:

(23.) It shall be no objection to the competency of an inspector to give evidence as a witness in any prosecution for offences under this Act, that the prosecution is brought at the instance of that inspector:

(24.) Every person convicted of any offence under this Act shall be liable in the reasonable costs and charges of the conviction:

(25.) All penalties imposed and recovered under this Act shall be paid to the clerk of the court and by him accounted for and paid to the Kings and Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer on behalf of His Majesty's Exchequer and shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund:

(26.) All jurisdictions, powers, and authorities necessary f« r the purposes of this section are conferred on the sheriffs:(27.) The provisions of this Act with respect to appeals to quarter sessions shall not apply, and any person may appeal from any order or conviction under this Act to the Court of Justiciary, under and in terms of the Heritable Jurisdictions (Scotland) Act, 1746, or under any enactment amending that Act or applying or incorporating its provisions or any of them with regard to appeals, or under and in terms of the Summary Prosecutions Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1875.

160. In the application of this Act to Ireland —

(1.) The expression "certified efficient school" means any national school or any school recognised by the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council as affording sufficient means of literary education for the purposes of this Act:

(2.) The expression "recognised efficient school" means a certified efficient school and any school which is recognised for the time being by an inspector under this Act r<8 giving efficient elementary education:

(3.) In the provisions of this Act relating to certificates of birth, the Irish Education Act, 1892, shall be substituted for the Elementary Education Act, 1876, and a school attendance committee shall be sutstituted for a local authority:

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

1'JI

(4.) In the provisiona of this Act relating to payment by occupiers of sums for schooling, the Irish Education Act,

1892, shall be substituted for the Elementary Education Act, 1891, and a school grant shall be substituted for a fee grant:

(5.) The expression "medical officer of health " includes a medical superintendent of health:

(6.) The expression "poor law medical officer’' means the medical officer of a dispensary district:

(7.) Any act authorised to be done or consent required to be given by, or report required to be made to, the Board of Education under this Act shall be done and given by or to the Lord Lieutenant acting by and with the advice of the Privy Council in Ireland:

(8.) A court of summary jurisdiction, when hearing and determining an information or complaint in any matter arising under this Act, shall be constituted, within the police district of Dublin metropolis, of one of the divisional justices of that district sitting at a police court within the district, and elsewhere of a resident magistrate appointed under the Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1836, sitting alone or 6 & 7 Will. 4. with others, or of two or more justices of the peace sitting c-13-in petty sessions at a place appointed for holding petty sessions:

(9.) Appeals from a court of summary jurisdiction shall lie in accordance with the provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Acts:

(10.) All fines imposed under this Act shall, save as is otherwise expressly provided by this Act, be applied in the manner directed by the Fines Act (Ireland), 1851, u & 15 Vict, and any Act amending the same:c* 90 *

(11.) The provisions of section one hundred and seven of the

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, with respect to a factory, 4\ 12 Vict,

workshop or workplace not kept in a cleanly state or not c- 52, ventilated or overcrowded, shall not apply to any factory which is subject to the provisions of this Act with respect to cleanliness, ventilation and overcrowding, but shall apply to every other factory, workshop or workplace:

(12.) The Sanitary Acts within the meaning of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall apply to buildings in which persons are employed, whatever their jiumber may be, in like manner as they apply to buildings where more than twenty persons are employed:

(13.) The Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall be substi- 41 & 42 Vict, tuted for the Public Health Act, 1875, and in particular c* 5 ~ sections two, one hundred and seven and two hundred and nineteen to two hundred and twenty-three of the former Act shall be substituted for sections four, ninety-one and one hundred and eighty-two to one hundred and eighty-six of the latter Act respectively:

(14) The expression "the Local Government Board" means the Local Government Board for Ireland:

132

CtL 22.

Factory and Workshop, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

Repeal of Acta.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short title.]

Section 14.

(15.) The expression "the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874," means the Births and Deaths Registration (Ireland) Acts, 1863 to 1880:

(16.) All matters required by this Act to be published in the London Gazette shall, if they relate to Ireland, be published in the Dublin Gazette, either in addition or in substitution as the case may require.

(iii.) Repeal, &c.

161. The Acts specified in the Seventh Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed as from the dates and to the extent in that schedule mentioned;

Provided that —

(1.) All notices affixed in a factory or workshop in pursuance of any enactment hereby repealed shall, so far as they are in accordance with the provisions of this Act, be deemed to have been affixed in pursuance of this Act; and (2.) All orders and all special rules and requirements made or having effect under any enactment hereby repealed shall continue to have effect as if they had been made under this Act; and nothing in this Act shall be construed as altering the mode of making such special rules or requirements whilst the power to make them continues in force; and (3.) All inspectors, sub-inspectors, certifying surgeons, officers, clerks and servants appointed in pursuance of any enactment hereby repealed shall continue in office and shall be subject to removal and have the same powers and duties as if they had been appointed in pursuance of this Act; and (4.) All certificates of fitness for employment granted in pursuance of any enactment hereby repealed shall have effect as if granted in pursuance of this Act, and all registers kept in pursuance of any enactment hereby repealed shall, until otherwise directed by the Secretary of State, be deemed to be the registers required by this Act.

162. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and two.

163. This Act may be cited as the Factory and Workshop Act, 1301.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Arbitrations.

(1.) The parties to the arbitration are in this schedule deemed to be the owner of the factory or workshop on the one hand and the district council on the other hand.

(2.) Each of the parties to the arbitration may, within fourteen days after the date of the reference, appoint an arbitrator.

1901.

133

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

(3.) No person shall act as arbitrator or umpire who is employed in, or in the management of, or is interested in, the factory or workshop to which the arbitration relates.

(4.) The appointment of an arbitrator must be in writing, and notice of the appointment shall be forthwith sent to the other party to the arbitration, and the appointment shall not be revoked without the consent of that party.

(5.) The death or removal of, or other change in, any of the parties to the arbitration shall not affect the proceedings under this schedule.

(6.) If within the said fourteen days either of the parties fails to appoint an arbitrator, the arbitrator appointed by the other party may proceed to hear and determine the matter in difference, and in that case the award of the single arbitrator shall be final.

(7.) If before an award has been made any arbitrator appointed by either party dies or becomes incapable to act or for seven days refuses or neglects to act, the party by whom that arbitrator was appointed may appoint some other person to act in his place; and, if he fails to do so within seven days after notice in writing from the other party for that purpose, the remaining arbitrator may proceed to hear and determine the matter in difference, and in that case the award of the single arbitrator shall be final.

(S.) In either of the foregoing cases where an arbitrator is empowered to act singly, on one of the parties failing to appoint, the party so failing may, before the single arbitrator has actually proceeded in the arbitration, appoint an arbitrator, who shall then act as if no failure had occurred.

(9.) If the arbitrators fail to make their award within twenty-one days after the day on which the last of them was appointed, or within such extended time (if any) as has been appointed for that purpose by both arbitrators under their hands, the matter in difference shall be determined by the umpire appointed as herein-after mentioned.

(10.) The arbitrators, before they enter on the matter referred to them, shall appoint by writing under their hands an umpire to decide on points oa which they may differ.

(11.) If the umpire dies or becomes incapable of acting before he has made his award or refuses to make his award within a reasonable time after the matter has been brought within his cognizance, the persons or person who appointed such umpire shall forthwith appoint another umpire in his place.

(12.) If the arbitrators refuse or fail, or for seven days after the request of either party neglect, to appoint an umpire, then on the application of either party an umpire may be appointed by the chairman of the quarter sessions within the jurisdiction of which the factory or workshop is situate.

(13.) The decision of every umpire on the matters referred to him shall be final.

(14.) If a single arbitrator fails to make his award within twenty-one days after the day on which he was appointed, the party who appointed him may appoint another arbitrator to act in his place.

(15.) Arrangements shall, whenever practicable, be made for the matters in difference being heard at the same lime before the arbitrators and the umpire.

(16.) The arbitrators and the umpire or any of them may examine the parties and their witnesses on oath and may also consult any counsel, engineer or scientific person whom they think it expedient to consult.

(17.) The payment, if any, to be made to any arbitrator or umpire for his services shall be fixed by the Secretary of State and, together with the costs of the arbitration and award, shall be paid by the parties or one of them, according as the award may direct. Such costs may be taxed by a

134

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Section 49.

master of the Supreme Court or, in Scotland, by the auditor of the Court of Session, and the taxing officer shall, on the written application of either of the parties, ascertain and certify the proper amount thereof. The amount, if any, payable by the Secretary of State shall be paid as part of the expenses of inspectors under this Act. The amount, if any, payable by the occupier of the factory or workshop may, in the event of nonpayment, be recovered ir. the same manner as fines under this Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Factories and Workshops in which Overtime is alia)wed.

(1.) Non-textile factories and workshops and parts thereof where the material which is the subject of the manufacturing process or handicraft is liable to be spoiled by weather; namely, —

(a.) Flax 6cutch mills; and

(b.) A ny factory or workshop or part thereof in which is carried on the making or finishing of bricks or tiles not being ornamental tiles; and (c.) The part of rope works in which is carried on the open-air process; and

(d.) The part of bleaching and dyeing works in which is carried on, open-air bleaching or Turkey red dyeing; and

(e.) Any factory or workshop or part thereof in which is carried on glue making; and

(2.) Non-textile factories and workshops and parts thereof where press of work arises at certain recurring seasons of the year; namely, —

(/.) Letter-press printing works; and (g.) Bookbinding works; and

any factory, workshop or part thereof in which i$ carried on the manufacturing process or handicraft of —

(h.) Lithographic printing; or (».) Machine ruling; or (k.)Firewood cutting; or (/.) Bon-bon and Christmas present making; or (m.) Almanac making; or («.) Valentine making; or (o.)Envelope making; or (p.) Aerated water making; or (q.) Playing card making; and

(3.) Non-textile factories and workshops and parts thereof where the business is liable to Budden press of orders arising from unforeseen events; namely, any factory or workshop or part thereof in which is carried on the manufacturing process or handicraft of —

(r.) The making up of any article of wearing apparel; or (s.) The making up of furniture hangings; or (t.)Artificial flower making; or (it.)Fancy box-making; or (v.) Biscuit making; or < ir.) Job dyeing; and

(4.) Any part of a factory (whether textile or non-textile) or workshop which is a warehouse not used for any manufacturing process or handicraft and in which persons are solely employed in polishing, cleaning, wrapping -or packing up goods.

1001.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1001.

Ch. 22.

135

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Regulations as to Grinding in Tenement Factory.

(1.) Boards to fence the shaFting and pulleys, locally known as drum boards, must be provided and kept in proper repair.

(2.) Hand rails must be fixed over the drums and kept in proper repair.

(3.) Belt guards, ljcally known as Scotchmen, must be provided and kept in proper repair.

(4.) Every floor constructed on or after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six must be so constructed and maintained as to facilitate the removal of 6lush, and all necessary shoots, pits and other conveniences must be provided for facilitating such removal.

(o.) Every grinding room or hull established on or after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six must be so constructed that, for the purpose of light grinding, there shall be a clear space of three feet at least between each pair of troughs and, for the purpose of heavy grinding, there shall be a clear space of four feet at least between each pair of troughs and six feet at least in front of each trough.

(6.) The sides of all drums in every grinding room or hull must be closely fenced.

(7.) Except in pursuance of a special exemption granted by the Secretary of State, a grindstone must not be run before any fire-place or in front of another grindstone.

(8.) A grindstone erected on or after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six must not be run before any door or other entrance.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Cotton Cloth Factories.

Table.

Maximum Limits of Humidity of the Atmosphere at given

Temperatures;

1. of Vapour per Foot of Air. i II. ! Dry Bulb Thermometer Readings. Degrees Fahrenheit. III. ! Wet Bulb Thermometer Readings., Degrees Fahrenheit. IV. Per centage of Humidity. Saturation - 100.

10 35 33 80

2 0 36 34 82

21 37 35 83

22 33 36 83

2-3 39 87 84

2-4 40 38 84

2*5 41 39 84

26 42 40 85

2-7 43 41 84

2-8 44 42 84

29 45 43 65

31 46 44 86

3*2 47 45 86

3*3 48 46 86

3-4 40 j 47 86

1 GOO^C

Section 88.

Sections 90-92, 96.

136

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

1 Edw. T.

I. Grains of Vapour per Cubic Foot of Air. 11. Dry Bulb Thermometer Readings. Degrees Fahrenheit. III. Wet Bulb Thermometer Readings. Degrees Fahrenheit. IV. Percentage of Humidity. Saturation — ICO.

3*5 50 48 86

36 51 49 86

3*8 52 50 86

39 53 51 86

41 54 52 86

4*2 55 53 87

4-4 56 54 87

4-5 57 55 87

4*7 58 56 87

4-9 59 57 88

5*1 60 58 88

5-2 61 59 88

54 62 60 88

5*6 63 61 88

5*8 64 62 88

6-0 65 63 88

6*2 66 64 88

6*4 67 65 88

6*6 68 66 88

6*9 69 67 88

71 70 68 88 '

71 71 68*5 85*5

71 72 69 84

7-4 73 70 84

7*4 74 70-5 81*5

7*65 75 71*5 81-5

7-7 76 72 79

8-0 77 73 79

8-0 78 73-5 77

8*25 79 74-5 77-5

8-55 80 75*5 77-5

8-6 81 76 76

8-65 82 76*5 74

8'85 83 77*5 74

8*9 84 78 72

9-2 85 79 72

9-5 86 80 72

9-55 87 80*5 71

9-9 88 81-5 71

10*25 89 82-5 71

10-3 90 83 69

10*35 91 83- 5 68

10-7 92 84-5 68

110 93 85-5 68

11*1 94 86 66

11*5 95 87 66

11*8 96 88 66

11*9 97 88-5 65*5

12-0 98 69 64

123 99 90 64

12*7 100 91 64

1001

Factory and Wai'kshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22.

Form of Record.

Form for recording the Readings of the Thermometers.

Name of Occupier__________

Address of Factory__________

Roorn

' Number or Designation

Process carried on______

Number of Operatives____

Cubic contents

cubic feet.

Date. Readings of Thermometers in Degrees Fahrenheit. If no Artidciul Humidity is produced in the 24 hours, insert in this column " None."

Year Month and Day. Between 7 and 8 a.m. Between 10 and 11 a.m. Between 3 and 4 p.m.

Dry Bulb. Wet Bulb. Dry Bulb. Wet Bulb. Dry Bulb. Wet Bulb.

1 1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8 9

10

n

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20 21 22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

(Sigued)

Occupier or Manager.

Ch. 22.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

1 H

Jjccti -u 124.

Section? 54, 149, 15C.

"Print works."

" Bleaching and djeing works."

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Fees of Certifying Surgeons.

Part I.

Fees on Examination for Certificates of Fitness for Employment.

When the examination is at the factory or workshop

When the examination is not at the'' factory or workshop, but at the residence of the surgeon or at some place appointed by the surgeon for the purpose, and that place as well as the day and hour appointed for the purpose has been published in the prescribed manner -

"2s. Gd. for each visit and 6d. for each person after the first five examined at that visit; and also, if the factory or workshop is more than one mile from the surgeon’s residence, for each complete half mile over and above the mile.

>(kf. for each person examined.

Part II.

Fees on Examination by direction of Secretary of State or in pursuance of Regulations under this Act.

When the number of hands is under 10 - 2s. 6 d.per visit.

99 11 99, 20 - 8 11

11 11 99, 30 - - 3*. Gd. 99

11 9* 99, 50 - 4s. 99

11 91 91, 75 - - 4s. Gd. 99

11 99 99, 100 - 5s. 99

11 99 99 over 100 - 7 99

With the addition of Is.for every mile or part of a mile in excess of one mile from the surgeon’s residence.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

List of Factories and Workshops.

Part I.

Non-Textile Factories.

(1.) "Print works, " that is to say, any premises in which any persons are employed to print figures, patterns or designs upon any cotton, linen, woollen, worsted or silken yarn or upon any woven or felted fabric not being paper;

(2.) " Bleaching and dyeing works, " that is to say, any premises in which the processes of bleaching, beetling, dyeing, calendering, finishing, hooking, lapping and making up and packing any yarn or cloth of any material or the dressing or finishing of lace or any one or more of such processes or any process incidental thereto are or is carried on;

1901.

Factory and Workshop, 1901. Ch. 21

13

(3.) " Earthenware works/’ that is to say, any place in which persons work for hire in making or assisting in miking, finishing or assisting in finishing earthenware or china of any description, except bricks and tiles not being ornamental tiles;

(4.) " Lucifer-match works, " that is to say, any place in which persons work for hire in making lucifer matches or in mixing the chemical materials for making them or in any process incidental to making lucifer matches, except the cutting of the wood;

(5.) " Percussion-cap works, " that is to say, any place in which persons work for hire in making percussion caps or in mixing or storing the chemical materials for making them or in any process incidental to making percussion caps;

(6.) " Cartridge works, " that is to say, any place in which persons work for hire in making cartridges or in any process incidental to making cartridges, except the manufacture of the paper or other material that is used in making the cases of the cartridges;

(7.) " Paper-staining works, " that is to say, any place in which persons work for hire in printing a pattern in colours upon sheets of paper, either by blocks applied by hand or by rollers worked by steam, water or other mechanical power;

(8.) " Fustian-cutting works, " that is to say, any place in which persons work for hire in fustian cutting j

(9.) " Blast furnaces, " that is to say, any blast furnace or other furnace or premise* in or on which the process of smelting or otherwise obtaining any metal from the ores is carried on;

(10.) " Copper mills ";

(11.) "Iron mills, " that is to eay, any mill, forge or other premises in or on which any process is carried on for converting iron into malleable iron, steel or tin plate or for otherwise making or converting steel j

(12.) " Foundries, " that is to say, iron foundries, copper foundries, brass foundries and other premises or places in which the process of founding or casting any metal is carried on; except any premises or places in which such process is carried on by not more than five persons and as subsidiary to the repair or completion of some other work;

(13.) "Metal and india-rubber works, " that is to 6ay, any premises in which steam, water or other mechanical power is used for moving machinery employed in the manufacture of machinery or in the manufacture of any article of metal not being machinery or in the manufacture of india-rubber or gutta-percha or of articles made wholly or partially of india-rubber or gutta-percha;

(14.) "Paper mills, " that is to say, any premises in which the manufacture of paper is carried on;

(15.) "Glass works, " that is to say, any premises in which the manufacture of glass is carried on;

(16.) " Tobacco factories, " that is to say, any premises in which the manufacture of tobacco is carried on;

(17.) "Letter-press printing works, " that is to say, any premises in which the process of letter-press priming is carried on;

(18.) " Bookbinding works, " that is to say, any premises in which the process of bookbinding is carried on;

(19.) "Flax scutch mills";

. (20.) " Electrical stations, " that is to say, any premises or that part of

any premises in which electrical energy is generated or transformed for the purpose of supply by way of trade or for the lighting of any street, public place or public building or of any hotel or of any railway, mine or other industrial undertaking.

"Earthenware

works."

" Lucifer-match works."

" Percussion-cap works."

" Cartridge works."

" Paper-staining works."

* Fustian-cutting works."

" Blast furnaces."

" Copper mills '* " Iron mills."

" Foundries."

" Metal and india-rubber works."

" Paper mills."

"Glass woiks."

" Tobacco factories."

" Letter-press printing works."

" Bookbinding works."

"Flax scukh mills."

" Electrical stations."

140

Ch. 22.

1 Edw. 7-

" Hat works.’ *

" Rope works."

" Bakehouses."

" Lace warehouses.".

" Shipbuilding yards."

" Quarries."

" Pit-banks."

50 & 51 Vict. c. 58.

85 & 86 Vict. c. 77.

Section 161.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

Part II.

Non-Textile Factoeies and Workshops.

(21.) "Hat works, " that is to say, any premises in which the manufacture of hats or any process incidental to their manufacture is carried on;

(22.) " Rope works, " that is to say, any premises being a ropery, rope walk or rope work in which is carried on the laying or twisting or other process of preparing or finishing the lines, twines, cords or ropes and in which machinery moved by steam, water or other mechanical power is not used for drawing or spinning the fibres of flax, hemp, jute or tow and which has no internal communication with any buildings or premises joining or forming part of a textile factory, except such communication as is necessary for the transmission of power;

(23.) " Bakehouses, " that is to say, any places in which are baked bread, biscuits or confectionery from the baking, or selling of which a profit is derived j

(24.) " Lace warehouses, " that is to say, any premises, room or place not included in bleaching and dyeing works as herein-before defined, in which persons ore employed upon any manufacturing process or handicraft in relation to lace, subsequent to the making of lace upon a lace machine moved by steam, water or other mechanical power;

(25.) " Shipbuilding yards, " that is to say, any premises in which any ships, boats or vessels used in navigation are made, finished or repaired;

(26.) " Quarries, " that is to say, any place, not being a mine, in which persons work in getting slate, stone, coprolites or other minerals;

(27.) " Pit-banks, " that is to say, any place above ground adjacent to a shaft of a mine, in which place the employment of women is not regulated by the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, or the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872, whether such place does or does not form part of the mine within the meaning of those Acts.

(28.) Dry cleaning, carpet beating and bottle washing works.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Enactments repealed as from the Commencement of this Act.

Session and Chapter. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 16. The Factory and Workshop Act, 1878. The whole Act.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 5?. The Factory and Workshop Act, 1883. The whole Act.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 62. The Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1869. The whole Act.

54 55 Vict. c. 75. The Factory and Workshop Act, 1891. The whole Act except sections eight, nine, ten and twelve and the First Schedule.

1901.

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901. Ch. 22, 23.

141

Session and Chapter. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 37. Ttie Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. The whole Act except section twelve, subsection three of section twenty-foor and section twenty-eight.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 58. The Cotton Cloth Factories Act, 1897. The whole Act.

63 & 64 Vict 64 Vict. c. 27. The Railway Employment (Prevention of Accidents) Act, 1900. 1 In subsection three of Bection thirteen the words "factory workshop or " wherever they occur and the words "the occupier of the factory or workshop or."

Part II.

Enactments repealed from a Date to be fixed by Order of the Secretary of State.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. 1 Extent of Repeal.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 75. The Factory and Workshop Act, 1891. i Sections eight, nine, ten and twelve and the First Schedule. 1

58 & 59 Vict. c. 37. The Factory and Workshop Act, 1895. 1 Section twelve. Subsection three of section twenty-four. Section twenty-eight.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act for legalizing Marriages heretofore solemnized in certain Churches and Places.

[17th August 1901.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen as to the validity of certain marriages solemnized in certain churches and places mentioned in this Act, and it is expedient to remove those doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) All banns of matrimony and marriages published or Legalizing solemnized in the churches and places mentioned in the first m*rnafp . column of the Schedule to this Act between the dates mentioned certain ZC< U as respects each such church or place in the second column of churcLee.

142

Ca. 23.

Marriages Legalization, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

[Short title.]

that Schedule shall be as valid as if they had been published or solemnized in a church duly consecrated and licensed for marriages.

(2.) All banns of matrimony and marriages published or solemnized in the church of St. Mary, Greenhithe, Kent, in respect of persons residing on board the two training ships moored in the Thames off Greenhithe before the seventeenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine shall be as valid as if those two training ships had been comprised, as they now are, within the new parish of St. Mary, Greenhithe.

(3.) A minister who has solemnized any marriage to which this section refers shall not be liable to any ecclesiastical C60801*0 or to any proceedings for penalties whatsoever by reason of having solemnized the marriage.

(4.) The register of the marriages so solemnized or copies of the register shall be received in all courts as evidence of those marriages in the same manner ns registers of marriages in parish churches or copies thereof are by law receivable in evidence.

2. This Act may be cited as the Marriages Legalization Act, 1901.

SCHEDULE.

Church or Place.

Dates.

The Church of the District (now New Parish) of New Basford (Nottingham).

Christ Church, Bradford (York)

St. Andrew’s Church, Dalton-le-Dale (Durham).

The Church of the New Parish of the Lodge (Salop).

The Church of the Parieh of Llansaintffraid Cwmtoyddwr or Cwmdauddwr (Radnor). Sc. Helens Church, Ore (Sussex)

St. Saviour’s Church, Ringley (Lancaster) -

St. John’s Old Church, Sleights (York) in the Ancient C hapelry of Ugglebarnby.

St. John’s New Church, Sleights (York) in the Ancient Chapolry of Ugglebarnby.

The Church of the Ancieut Chapelry of Ugglebarnby (York).

St. John’s Church in the District (how new Parish) of St. John, Ipswich (Suffolk).

St. Peter’s Church, Woodmansey, in the Parish of Beverley Minster (York).

Between 15th March 1877 and 27th May 1897.

Between 3rd December 1879 and 30th November 1899.

Between 12th July 1877 and the dato of the passing of this Act.

Between 2?rd April 1878 and 27th July 1899.

Between 26th October 1865 and 15th June 1899.

Between the date of the consecration of the church in 1870 and 27th July 1899.

Between 10th June *1854 and 7th November 1895.

Between 1st January 1828 and the date of the passing of this Act.

Between 20th September 1895 and the date of the passing of this Act.

Between 1st January 1828 or the dnte of the consecration of the church if beforo the 1st January 1828 and the date of the passing of this Act.

Between 9th December 1899 and 8th March 1900.

Between 9th December 1898 and the dato of the passing of this Act.

1901.

Marriages Legalization Act, 1901. Ch. 23, 24.

143

Church cr PI«ce.

Dates.

The Parish Boom of Cadney, in the parish of Cadney-oum-IIowetham (Lincoln).

The Chapel of Howsham, in the parish of Cadney-cum-Howsham (Lincoln).

St. Tanwg’s Church, Harlech, in the parish of Llandanwg, Merioneth.

The Parish Church of Uldalo, in the county oi Cumberland.

Between 1st January 1895 and the date of the passing -of this Act.

Between 1st January 1899 and the date of the passing of this Act.

Between 18th February 1839 and the date of the passing of this Act.

Between 17th August 1869 and 4th July 1901.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the Law in regard to the Sewerage and Drainage and Water Supply of Burghs in Scotland.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

1. Where sums of money have been borrowed or are owing by Security for the town council or commissioners of a burgh under any Act for s, uns purposes of sewerage and drainage or water supply, the town for !'ewers’ council as the authority under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 55 & 56 Vict. 1892 (herein-after referred to as the principal Act), as amended by c- 55-the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900, shall provido the sums 63 & 64 Vict, necessary for repaying the principal and paying the interest of c- 49* such sums out of the assessments herein-after mentioned, and the said sums shall constitute a charge on the said assessments, and the creditors shall have all the powers, rights and remedies at the passing of this Act exerciseable by a lender of money on the security of the assessments originally assigned to them, and the said assessments 1 erein-after mentioned shall he deemed to be assigned to such creditors in security of their debt.

2. In any burgh or in any special or separate drainage district Sewer and formed therein under any Act, the expense incurred either before j* *84SCB'S' or after the passing of this Act for sewerage and drainage or water supply, as the case may be, within the same or for the purposes thereof and the turns necessary for repayment of any money borrowed therefor either before or after the passing of this Act, together with the interest thereof, shall be paid out of a sewer c&sessment or water assessment, as the caso may I e, which the town council of the burgh shall raise and levy on ard within such

144 Ch. 24. Burgh Sewerage, Drainage, and Water 1 Edw. 7.

Supply (Scotland) Act, 1901.

burgh or (in the case of the sewer assessment) within such special or separate district, in the same manner and with the same remedies and modes of recovery and incidents as are provided for the public health general assessment therein.

Provided that, where a special or separate drainage district has been formed under the provisions of any Act and drainage works have been executed and are maintained therein, the lands and heritages situated within such special or separate district shall not be liable to assessment for the expense of sewerage and drainage works in other parts of the burgh: Provided also that for shops the water assessment shall be chargeable only on one-fourth of the rental of the premises, unless in special circumstances the town council see cause to charge the ordinary rates, and in that case it shall be lawful for any person who may think himself aggrieved to apply to the sheriff in the manner provided in the principal Act.

The sewer assessment and the water assessment together shall not in any burgh or special or separate drainage district exceed the rate of four shillings in the pound:Provided that, if the produce of a rate of four shillings in the pound in any burgh or special or separate drainage district shall not be sufficient to meet the expenditure (including the annual charge for interest and repay, ment of debt) bona fide incurred or contemplated within such burgh or special or separate district, it shall be lawful to increase such rate to such extent as may have been approved of by the Local Government Board for Scotland.

Provided also that it shall not be lawful to impose any rate in respect of the expenditure within any special or separate drainage district upon any premises without such district.

Transference 3. All special or separate drainage districts that may have been

of special formed in any burgh under any Public Health Act shall, subject to

districts. the provisions of this Act, be deemed to be drainage districts under

the principal Act, and any special or separate water supply districts

which have been so formed shall cease to exist as such and shall

be united to the other parts of the burgh for the purposes of water

supply and all rights and liabilities connected therewith: Provided

that nothing herein contained shall affect any special water supply

district partly within a county and partly within a burgh or the

52 & 53 Vict. Provisions relating thereto of section eighty-one of the Local

c. so. Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, as amended by section forty-four

57 & 58 Vict. of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894. c. 58.

Amendment of 4. — (1.) Section two hundred and thirty-three and section two

55 & 56 Vict, hundred and thirty-six of the principal Act shall be read as if the c*55’ sewer assessment herein-before mentioned were substituted for the

sewer rates therein mentioned.

(2.) Section two hundred and sixty-four of the principal Act shall be read as though for the words "portion of the burgh " general assessment applicable to the water supply" the words "water assessment " were substituted.

(3.) Section three hundred and forty-seven of the principal Act shall be read as though for the words "burgh general assessment

190k Burgh Sewerage, Drainage, and Water Cfl. 21. 145

Supply (Scotland) Act, 1901.

" so far as it is applicable to water " the words "water assessment" were substituted.

(4.) Section three hundred and sixty-three of the principal Act shall be read and have effect as if for the words "said assessments " the words "sewer assessments " were substituted.

(5.) Notwithstanding anything contained in section two hundred and sixty-nine of the principal Act, the provisions of that Act with respect to supply of water shall apply in the case of any burgh which is supplied with water by the town council thereof under the powers of any local Act or Acts.

5. The powers and duties of the town council of any burgh, Town council, as the authority under the principal Act, with reference to sewerage and drainage or water supply shall extend to the whole area of the 5o&*6i0 Vict, burgh as existing for the purposes of the Public Health (Scotland) c. 38.

Act, 1897, and the town council of any burgh, as the authority under the principal Act in addition to the powers conferred upon them by the principal Act or any other Act, shall, with reference to sewerage and drainage or water supply within such area, have the same rights, powers and privileges as are conferred by the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, upon local authorities under that Act in districts other than burghs, with the exception of the rights, powers and privileges conferred by sections one hundred and twenty-two and one hundred and thirty-one of the last-mentioned Act, to which sections the present section shall not apply, and in so far as necessary for giving effect io this enactment the last-mentioned Act and the Acts and parts of Acts incorporated therewith are, subject to the necessary modifications, incorporated with the principal Act.

Provided that all costs and charges incurred by the town council in the exercise of such rights, powers and privileges shall be provided for out of the sewer assessment or water assessment before mentioned, as the case may be, and that, where it shall be necessary for the town council to borrow money for the purposes of sewerage and drainage or water supply, they shall be entitled to do so on the security of the sewer assessment or water assessment herein-before mentioned, in lieu of the assessments mentioned in the principal Act or the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, as the case may be.

Part II.

6. — (1.) Section one hundred and forty* seven of the Public Amendment Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, shall be read as though the words of.60 61 " or in the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, " were inserted after 10 '

the word " herein.’ ’

(2.) Section two hundred and sixty-one of the principal Act shall be read and have effect as if for the words "for other purposes " the words "for these purposes " were substituted.

7. The Acts specified in the schedule to this Act are hereby Repeal, repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column in &o far as

the same apply to burghs to which this Act applies from its commencement.

K

146

Application of Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

Short title and extent.

Ch. 24. Burgh Sewerage, Drainage, and Water 1 Edw. 7.

Supply (Scotland) Act, 1901.

8. The term "burgh " in this Act has the meaning assigned to it in the principal Act, but Part I. of this Act shall not apply —

(1) to any burgh to which the principal Act does not apply;

(2) to any burgh in which at the passing of this Act a local Act (including an Act confirming a Provisional Order) is in force with respect to sewerage, drainage or water supply.

Provided that it shall be in the power of the town council of any burgh to which Part I. of this Act does not apply from its commencement by resolution to adopt Part I. of this Act, and from and after the date specified in such resolution Part I. of this Act shall come into force in the burgh, and the Acts specified in the schedule to this Act shall in so far as the same apply to such burgh be deemed to be repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column thereof, and all local Acts (including as aforesaid) which apply exclusively to such burgh, so far as inconsistent with or dealing with the same matters as Part I. of this Act, shall also be repealed, which Acts or portions of Acts shall be specified in the resolution. Every such resolution shall be forthwith communicated to the Secretary for Scotland.

9. This Act shall come into operation on the fifteenth day of May, one thousand nine hundred and two, which date is herein called the commencement of this Act

10. This Act may be cited as the Burgh Sewerage, Drainage and Water Supply (Scotland) Act, 1901, and shall apply to Scotland only.

SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. j Extent of Repeal.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 55 - Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892. ' | Section 227 from the words "and the Commissioners, to end of section. I Section 232. Section 340 from " a rate equal to four shillings to; " otherwise at.":Section 347 the words "in j terms of this Act." Section 361. Section 362. Section 364.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 38 - Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. Sections 101, 113, 133, 134, and 137.

19D1.

East India Loan (Indian Peninsula Railway Debentures) Act, 1901. Ch. 25

147

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the purpose of paying off or redeeming Debentures of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Company.

[17th August 1901.]

WHEREAS by the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Purchase cs & 64 Vict.

Act, 1900, it is enacted that the Secretary of State in c- cxxxviii. Council of India (herein-after referred to as the Secretary of State) shall from time to time, as and when the same becomes due, pay to the several persons for the time being entitled thereto the principal moneys secured by any debentures of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Company:

And whereas the total of the principal moneys secured by the said debentures of the Company, which, together with the rates of interest payable upon and the dates for the redemption of the same respectively, are specified in the schedule to this Act, amounts to the sum of three million two hundred and twenty thousand Dine hundred pounds:

And whereas it is expedient that the Secretary of State shall be empowered to raise money in manner in this Act mentioned for the redemption and diecharge of the said debentures, as and when the same respectively shall become redeemable:

Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. JThis Act may be cited as the East India Loan (Great short title. Indian Peninsula Railway Debentures) Act, 1901.

2. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of .State, at any time or Power to times, to raise in the United Kingdom, as and when necessary, for f^tet^raise the discharge and redemption of the said debentures, any sum or 8um, not sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of three million exceeding two hundred and twenty thousand nine hundred pounds, such sum 3, 220'900/’ or sums to be raised by the creation and issue of bonds, debentures, bills or capital stock bearing interest or partly by one of such modes and partly by another or others.

3. The whole amount of the principal moneys to be charged Limit of on the revenues of India under this Act shall not exceed the amount revenues" required for the discharge of the said debentures. India.

4. Upon or for the repayment of any principal moneys secured Power to under the authority of this Act, the Secretary of State may at any time borrow or raise, by all or any of the modes aforesaid, all or ofpriucipal1 any part of the amount of principal money repaid or to be repaid, monej. and so from time to time as all or any part of any principal moneys under this Act may require to be repaid, but the amount so to be

148

Securities to be charged on revenues of India.

Saving.

Provisions of £6 & 57 Vict. c. 70. to apply,

Ch, 25, 26. East India Loan (Indian 1 Edw. 7-

Peninsula Railway Debentures) Act, 1901.

charged on the revenues of India shall not in any case exceed the principal moneys required to be repaid.

5. All bonds, debentures, and bills issued under this A.ct and the principal moneys and interest thereby secured and all capital stock issued under this Act and the interest thereon shall be charged on and payable out of the revenues of India in like manner as other liabilities incurred on account of the Gove rnmeni of India.

6. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any power of raising or borrowing money vested in the Secretary of State at the time of passing thereof.

7. The provisions of the East India Loan Act, 1893, as to the issue, signature, verification, terms and conditions of bonds, debentures and bills and the payment of principal and interest on debentures and the creation, registration and transfer of capital stock and the composition for stamp duties and as to criminal offences nnd as to the application of the India Stock Certificate Act, 1863, shall apply in the case of bonds, debentures and bills issued and capital stock created under this Act, as the case may be.

SCHEDULE.

Debentures of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway

Company.

Amount. Rate of Interest. Rate of Redemption.

£ 1, 068, 800 3 per cent. 30 June M

300,000 2f, 31 Deo. 190 *

300,000 2*, 30 June 1903

300,000 24, 31 Deo. 1903

1, 002, 100 2*, 30 Jane 1904

250,000 3, 30 June 1905

£3, 220, 900

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Districts for registration purposes and the appointment of Superintendent Registrars of Births and Deaths in certain Unions.

[17th August 1801.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1901.

Birtha and Deaths Registration, 1901.

Ce. 20.

149

1. — (1.) Section seven of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836, shall apply to every poor law union however constituted and to the guardians thereof.

Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect the tenure of office of any person who is a registrar or superintendent registrar at the passing of this Act.

(2.) Section seven of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836, shall be read and have effect as if for the words "each union " the words "such union " were substituted.

(3.) The enactments mentioned in the schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

2. This Act may be cited as the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1901, and the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1874, and this Act may be cited, together as the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1901.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Enactments Repealed.

6 & 7 Will. 4 c. 86. - The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836. In section seven, the words from " declared under" to "and Wales" and the words "under the provisions of the last-named " Act " and the words from " on or before the first day " of October " to not " have been established " before the passing of this " Act." Sections ton and eleven.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 122. The Poor Law Amend* ment Act, 1868. Section twenty-six.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 88. - The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874. In section twenty-two, the words "and to a temporary " superintendent registrar’s district " and the words "and to a super in - tendent registrar’s district which is not " temporary."

Superintendent registrars of " temporary districts."

6 & 7 Will. 4.

o. 86.

[Short title.]

1.30

Repeal of 49 & 50 Vict. c. 56.

Sale of liquors to children to be illegal.

Messengers of licensees.

Provisions for legal proceedings under Act.

Definitions.

[Short title.]

Commence* meat of Act.

Cu. 27. Intoxicating Liquors (Sale to Children) 1 Edw. 7.

Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to prevent the Sale of Intoxicating Liquors to Children.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Intoxicating Liquors (Sale to Children) Act, 1886, is hereby repealed.

2. Every holder of a licence who knowingly sells or delivers or allows any person to sell or deliver, save at the residence or working place of the purchaser, any description of intoxicating liquor to any person under the age of fourteen years for consumption by any person on or off the premises, excepting such intoxicating liquors as are sold or delivered in corked and sealed vessels in quantities not less than one reputed pint for consumption off the premises only, shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding forty shillings for the first offence and not exceeding five pounds for any subsequent offence; and every person who knowingly sends any person under the age of fourteen years to any place where intoxicating liquors are sold or delivered or distributed, for the purpose of obtaining any description of intoxicating liquor, excepting as aforesaid, for consumption by any person on or off the premises, shall be liable to like penalties.

3. Nothing in this Act shall prevent the employment by a licensed person of a member of his family or his servant or apprentice as a messenger to deliver intoxicating liquors.

4. For the purposes of all legal proceedings under this Act, this Act shall be construed, in England, as one with the Licensing Acts, 1872-1874; in Scotland, as one with the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1828 to 1897; and, in Ireland, as one with tLe Licensing (Ireland) Acts, 1833-1900.

5. The term "corked" means closed with a plug or stopper, whether it is made of cork or wood or glass or some other material.

The expression "sealed" means secured with any sulstance without the destruction of which the cork, plug or stopper cannot be withdrawn.

6. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Intoxicating Liquors (Sale to Children) Act, 1901.

7. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and two.

1901.

Local Government (IAct, 1901. Ch. 28.

151

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend sections fifty-four, fifty-six, fifty-seven and seventy-one of the Local Government (Ireland) Act,

1898, and to make provision with respect to the making of rates in certain urban districts in Ireland.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Subsection (11) of section fifty-four of the principal Amendment Act shall not apply in the case of an occupier who would, but for

this enactment, be ent itled under that subsection to deduct from 8. 54, with his rent a portion of the poor rate, and subsection (3) of section respect to three of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1900 (which amends the said subsection (11)), shall be repealed. certain cases.

(2.) This section shall- come into operation, as respects any *64 Vict holding, as from the gale day next after the passing of this Act. c *

2. Where, for the purpose of raising in any area the exact Amendment

amount of any excluded charges mentioned in sections fifty-six or fifty-seven of the principal Act, it would, but for this section, be 57

necessary to make a rate in the pound les3 than a farthing or not as to raising being a multiple of a farthing, the rate in the pound actually made e*cln<ied for that purpose shall be a farthing or the next highest multiple c arge9 '

of a farthing, as the case may be, and any sum raised in excess of such exact amount shall —

(a) in the case of any excluded charge mentioned in the said section fifty-six, be carried to the district fund of the district comprising that area or, where the area is comprised in more than one county district, to the district funds in proportion to the rateable value of the part of the area comprised in each district; and

(b) in the case of any excluded charge mentioned in the said section fifty-seven, be applied in such manner as the Local Government Board direct in aid of any rate required to meet any such excluded charge leviable within the aforesaid area.

3. If, within one year after the passing of this Act, the council Amendment of

of a county or of an urban county district apply to the Local Government Board for an order under section seventy-one of the w’ith respect to principal Act altering their financial relations, and if no order date on which under the said section affecting those relations has been made since bo

the passing of the said Act, the Board may, if of opinion that those relations have become inequitable by the operation of that Act,

make an Order under that section, any limit of time contained therein notwithstanding.

4. In an urban district under the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Provision with Act, 1854, or under a local Act incorporating the rating provisions of

152

Ch. 28, 29. Local, Government (IAct, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

rates in certain urban districts.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 103.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 56.

12 & 13 Vict c. 104.

Short title and construction.

Confirmation of certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures.

[Short title.]

thereof, the provisions of section seventy of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1838, and section twenty-one of the Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1849, with respect to the making of the poor rate, shall apply to the making of any rate under the said Act of 1854 or such local Act, instead of the provisions in that behalf of section sixty-one of the said Act of 1854 and so much of the provisions of section sixty thereof as relate to the fixing of a day on which the rate is to be payable and the publication of notices in respect of such rate.

5. This Act may be cited as the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1901, and shall be construed with the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act "), and may be cited with the Local Government (Ireland) Acts, 1898 and 1900, as the Local Government (Ireland) Acts, 1898 to 1901.

CHAPTER 2J9.

An Act to confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures.

[17 th August 1901.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to confirm certain Colonial Acts the validity of which is open to doubt by reason of their not having been reserved for the signification of Her late Majesty's pleasure:

Be it therefore enacted b}T the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Each of the Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act shall be deemed to be and to have been, as from the date of the assent thereto of the Governor of the Colony by whose Legislature it was passed, as valid as if it had been reserved for the signification of Her late Majesty's pleasure and Her late Majesty's assent to the Act had been duly given and signified in the colony at the date aforesaid.

2. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Acts Confirmation Act, 1901.

SCHEDULE.

Acts Confirmed.

Acts of the Colony of New South.

The Federal Elections Act, 1900 (No. 73 of 1900).

The Parliamentary Electorates Redistribution Act, 1900 (No. 84 of 1900).

1901. Colonial Acts Confirmation Act, 1901. Ch. 29, 30, 31. 153

Act of the Colony of Queensland.

The Parliament of the Commonwealth Elections Act and the Elections Acts, 1885 to 1898, Amendment Act of 1900 (No. 25 of 1900).

Acts of the Colony of Western Australia.

An Act to correct certain errors in the Constitution Acts Amendment Act, 1899 (No. II. of 1900).

The Constitution Act Amendment Act, 1900 (No. V. of 1900).

«-vy »yvy\/v/v/ /\./ V/V/ V' A.' vA7\AWX/V/V/\/WV>

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to extend the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1889.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

L The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1889, as Extension of amended by any enactment, shall, subject to the provisions of this 5i & 53 Vict-Act, apply with the necessary modifications in the case of a tenant e*13, desirous of purchasing land, notwithstanding that the sale of his holding is not about to be made under the Land Purchase Acts.

2. — (1.) Where a tenant to whom an advance is made in Provision pursuance of this Act is the proprietor of a holding charged with where tenant an annuity under the Land Purchase Acts, an account shall be taken of the amount outstanding in respect of the original advance, under the and the original holding and any additional parcel of land purchased Acts,

under this Act shall be deemed one holding and shall be charged with a new annuity for the repayment of such outstanding amount together with the amount of the advance made in respect of such additional parcel and shall be discharged from the annuity payable in respect of the original advance.

(2.) An annuity payable in pursuance of this section shall continue for such term of years as the Land Commission, on the application of the purchaser, may determine.

3. This Act may be cited as the Purchase of Land (Ireland) short title. (No. 2) Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to provide for the Construction and Working of a Submarine Cable from the Island of Vancouver to New Zealand and to Queensland.

[17th August 1901.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the construction of a submarine cable (in this Act called the Pacific cable) from the Island of Vancouver on the west coast of the Dominion of

15±

Ch. 31.

Pacific Cable Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

I&>uc of money out of Consolidated Fund for purposes of Act.

borrowing for purposes of Act.

Aunual expenses of cable.

Canada to Norfolk Island in the Pacific Ocean and thence by means of two cables to New Zealand and to Queensland respectively at an estimated cost of two million pounds:

And whereas it has been arranged that any sum required for the repayment of any money borrowed under this Act and for the annual expenses of the cable (including interest at the rate of three per cent, on borrowed money) shall (so far as not covered by leceipts) be ultimately provided, as to five-eighteenths thereof, by His Majesty's Government and, as to thirteen-eighteenths thereof, by the Governments of Canada, of the States of New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria and of New Zealand (in this Act referred to as the Colonial Governments), and that any profits arising from the cable shall be divided between His Majesty's Government and the Colonial Governments in the same proportion:

And whereas it is expedient to make provision with respect to the construction and working of the cable by a board of management to be called the Pacific Cable Board:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Treasury shall, as and when they think fit, issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof such sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two million pounds, as may be required by the Pacific Cable Board for defraying the costs of the construction of the Pacific cable and for the repayment of any temporary loan raised for the purpose of the cable before the parsing of this Act.

2. — (1.) The Treasury may, if they think fit, at any time borrow money for the purpose of providing for the issue of sums out of the Consolidated Fund under this Act or repaying to that fund all or any part of the sums so issued, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(2.) Any sums so borrowed shall, during the construction of the Pacific cable, bear interest at the rate of three per cent, per annum and, after construction, shall be repaid with interest at the same rate by means of terminable annuities for such period, not exceeding fifty years from that time, as the Treasury fix.

(3.) The principal of, and interest on, any money so borrowed and, after construction, the annuities created for the purpose of the repayment of that money shall, unless otherwise provided for, be charged on, and paid out of, the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof.

3. — (1.) The amount required in each year for the annual expenses of the Pacific cable, including any Such expenses incurred before the passing of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the receipts arising in connection with the cable and, so far as those receipts are not sufficient, out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(2.) For the purposes of this Act the annual expenses of the Pac’fic cable include any sums required for the payment of interest

1901.

Pacific Cable Act, 1901. Ch. 81.

155

on money borrowed for the purposes of this Act (including the interest on any temporary loan raised for the purpose of the cable before the passing of this Act) or for the payment of annuities created under this Act and any expenses of the Pacific Cable Board or other expenses properly incurred in working or maintaining the cable.

(3.) Such sums as are received from any colonial government on account of the annual expenses of the Pacific cable shall be paid into the Exchequer.

4. If in any year the receipts arising in connection with the Pacific cable exceed the amount required for the annual expenses of the cable as herein-before defined, the surplus shall be applied, in such manner as the Treasury direct, in reduction of any sums outstanding on account of money borrowed under this Act, and, if there is no such sum outstanding, thirteen-eighteenths of the surplus shall be paid to the Colonial Governments, and the residue shall be dealt with as the Treasury determine.

5. Any sums available for the payment of interest on money borrowed under this Act or of annuities created under this Act and any sums available as surplus under this Act shall be paid over by the Pacific Cable Board in such manner and at such times as the Treasury direct.

6. — (1.) The construction and working of the Pacific cable shall be under the control and management of a board constituted in manner provided by the schedule to this Act and called the Pacific Cable Board, and the cable ar, d all property used for and in connection with the cable and any rights and obligations under any contract for or in connection with the construction of the cable entered into before the passing of this Act shall be vested in, and be rights and obligations of, the Board.

(2.) The provisions of the schedule to this Act (-hall apply with respect to the constitution and proceedings of the Pacific Cable Board.

7. The Pacific Cable Board shall in every financial year cause to be made out an account, in such form as the Treasury require, of the money received, expended and borrowed and of the securities created under this Act, and that account shall be audited in manner directed by the Treasury and laid before Parliament.

8. This Act may be cited as the Pacific Cable Act, 1901.

SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to the Constitution and Proceedings of the Pacific Cable Board.

1. The Pacific Cable Board shall consist of —

Three members representing His Majesty's Government;

Two members representing the Government of Canada;

Two members representing the Governments of the States of New South Wales, Victoria and Queensland; and One member representing the Government of New Zealand.

Application of profits.

Pajments.by board of management.

Pacific Cable Board.

Accounts and audit.

[Short title.]

Section 6.

156

Ch. 31, 32.

Pacific Cable, 1901.

1 Edw. 7.

2. The first members of the Board shall be —

Sir Spencer Walpole, K.C.B. (Chairman) G. E. Y. Gleadowe, Esq., C.M.G.

W. H. Mercer, Esq.

Lord Stratlicona and Mount Royal, G.C.M Alexander Lang, Esq.

Hon. Henry Copeland -

Hon. Sir Andrew Clarke, G.C.M.G.

Hon. W. P. Reeves

"I representing > IIis Majesty's J Government.

J representing the Government of Canaria, representing the Governments of New South Wales, 1 Victoria and Queensland, f representing the < Government of [New Zealand.

3. The Pacific Cable Board shall be a body corporate by that name, with perpetual succession and a common seal and with power to purchase, take, hold and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes of this Act.

4. Any vacancy occurring in the office of the members representing His Majesty's Government, by reason of death, resignation, incapacity or otherwise, shall be filled by the Treasury; and any such vacancy in the offico of the representatives of any of the Colonial Governments shall be filled by the Government or Governments which the member whose office is vacant'represented.

5. The Treasury may appoint a member of the Board to be chairman of the Board, and, so long as the chairman does not hold any office of profit under the Crown or under anjr Colonial Government, there shall be paid to him such salary, not exceeding six hundred pounds a year, as the Treasury direct.

6. The Board may appoint such officers and employ such persons and take such other steps as they think necessary and expedient for properly carrying out their duties and may provide an office for the transaction of their business.

7. The Board may regulate their proceedings in such manner as they think fit, but on any matter on which the votes of the Board are equally divided the person presiding at the Board shall have a second or casting vote, and the quorum of the Board shall be three.

8. The Board may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their number.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1901.

Isle of Man (Custom Act, 1901.

Cu. 32, 33.

157

1. The additional duties of Customs on tobacco, tea, and spirits Continuation removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section one ^t^oJ, onaI of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1900, and the additional duty tobacco, tea, on ale and beer removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed spirits, aie by the second paragraph of section two of that Act shall continue A^Vict to be charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August c. si.

one thousand nine hundred and one until the first day of August one thousand nine hundred and two.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1901.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[17 th August 1901.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in Part I. of the schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and one:

And whereas the Act mentioned in Part II. of the schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and two:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

’ by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act shall, to Continuance the extent specified in column three of that schedule, be continued ^tiuiem until the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred

and two and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2.) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance short title. Act, 1901.

158

Ch. 33. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1901,

1 Edw. 7-

SCHEDULE.

Part L

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acta.

(1.)

5 & 6 Will. 4. The Linen Manufactures The whole Aet 8 & 4 Vict. c. 91.

c. 27. (Ireland) Act, 1835. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

(2.)

a & 4 Vict. c. 89. (3.) The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act.

4 & 5 Vict. The Ordnance Surrey The whole Act 83 Vict c. 13.

c. 80. Act, 1841. 47 & 48 Vict c. 48. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 30.

(4.)

10 & 11 Vict. The Ecclesiastical Juris* As to the provisions —

c. 98. diction Act, 1847. continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

(5.)

14 & 15 Vict. The Episcopal and Capi- The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

c. 104. tular Estates Act, 1851. 21 & 22 Vict c. 94. 22 & 28 Vict c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 81 & 82 Vict c. 114. S. 10.

(60

17 & 18 Vict. The Corrupt Practices So much as is con- 26 & 27 Vict. c. 29.

c. 102. Prevention Act, 1854. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. s. 6. 81 & 32 Vict c. 125. 46 & 47 Vict c. 51.

(7.)

28 & 24 Vict. C. 19. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1860. The whole Act.

(8.)

24 & 25 Vict. The Salmon Fishery Act, As to the appoint- 49 & SO Vict. c. 39.

C. 109. 1861. ment of inspectors, s. 81. S. 3. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 50.

(9.)

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. The Promissory Notes Act, 1863. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict c. 61.

(10.)

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act.

(11.)

28 & 29 Vict. The Militia (Ballot Sus- The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

c. 46. pension) Act, 1865.

(12.)

28 & 29 Vict. The Locomotives Act, The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict c. 58.

c. 88. 1 1865. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.) 59 & 60 Vict c- 36. 61 & 62 Vict c. 29.

1901.

Expiring Laws Continuance dot, '1901.

Ch. 33.

159

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 8. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(13.)

29 & 80 Vict. c. 52. The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. The whole Act —

(14.)

81 & 32 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- So much as is con- 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75.

c. 125. tions Act, 1868. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act 1883. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(15.)

82 & 83 Vict. c. 21. ITie Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act 1869. The whole Act 34 & 35 Vifct c. 61.

(16) The whole Act

33 & 34 Vict. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) 84 & 35 Vict. c. 100.

c. 112. Act, 1870. 49 Vict. c. 6.

(K.)

84 & 85 Vict. c. 87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. The whole Act

(18.) 3j> & 36 Vict. c. 33. The Ballot Act, 1872 - The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections).

(19.)

88 & 39 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

c. 84. tions (Returning Officers) Act 1875. s. 82. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

(30.) The whole Act

39 & 40 Vict. The Jurors Qualification 57 & 58 Vict. c. 49.

c. 21. (Ireland) Act, 1876. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. s. 69.

(21.)

41 & 42 Vict The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62.

c. 41. tions Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 58. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 49.

(22.)

41 & 42 Vict. c. 72. The Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, 1878. The whole Act.

(28.)

43 Vict. c. 18. The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880. The whole Act 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

(24.)

43 & 44 Vict. c. 42. The Employers’ Liability Act 1880. The whole Act

(25.)

44 & 45 Vict. The Peace Preservation The whole Act 49 & 50 Vict c. 24.

c. 5. (Ireland) Act 1881. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 20.

(26.)

46 & 47 Vict c. 51. The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. The whole Act 58 & 59 Vict c. 40.

160

Ch. 33.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 8. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(27.)

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. The whole Act 56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

(28.)

49 St50 Vict. The Crofters Holdings As to the powers of 50 & 51 Vict. c. 24.

c. 29. (Scotland) Act, 1886. the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 63. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 41.

(29.)

51 & 52 Vict, c. 55/ The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888. The whole Act.

(30.)

52 & 53 Vict. The Welsh Intermediate As to the powers of 58 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

C. 40. Education Act, 1889. the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners.

(81.)

58 & 59 Vict. The Seal Fisheries (North The whole Act. —

c. 21. Pacific) Act, 1895.

(32.)

59 Vict. c. 1. (83.) The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. The whole Act.

59 & 60 Vict. The Light Railways Act, As to the powers of -

c. 48. 1896. the Li^bt Railway Commissioners.

Part II.

32 & 38 Vict. The Endowed Schools As to the powers of 36 & 37 Vict. c. 87.

0« 56* Act, 1869. making schemes. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 87. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 40.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Acts.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, an l by the authority of the same, as follows:

V

1901.

Congested Districts Board (Act, 1901. Ch. 34.

161

1. — (1.) Where the Congested Districts Board have, whether Provision for before or after the passing of this Act, purchased an estate and the ^lMof^and tenants of holdings thereon to the extent of not less than three- ingested fourths in number and rateable value so request, the Board may Districts serve a notice on any tenant thereon which shall have the effect Board-of determining his tenancy in his holding as from the date mentioned in the notice, not being less than six months from the service thereof.

(2.) Every such notice shall contain an undertaking by the Board that they will, within the period mentioned in that behalf in the notice or so soon thereafter as practicable, provide the tenant with a new holding on the same or an adjacent or neighbouring estate, subject to a rent not exceeding that payable by him for his original holding, and of not less value, in respect of the land comprised in the new holding and the buildings and improvements thereon, than the value of the land comprised in the former holding and the buildings and improvements thereon respectively at the date of the purchase of the estate by the Board.

(3.) If any such tenant is dis-satisfied with his new holding or refuses to enter into possession thereof, he may, within four months after he has been served with a notice stating that the Board are prepared forthwith to put him into possession thereof, apply to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the estate is situate, and that court may, subject to rules of court, hear and decide upon the application.

(4.) If, where the tenant is dis-satisfied with the new holding, the Court decides that the value thereof is, in respect of any of the matters aforesaid, less than the value of the former holding, the Court may, after taking into account, in connexion with such inferiority in value, the rent payable for the new holding and every circumstance which the Court considers material, order such compensation as it may deem fit to be paid by the Board to the tenant and, in addition or as an alternative, may order the Board to erect such buildings or make such other improvements on the holding as the Court may think reasonable.

(5.) Where a tenant refuses to enter into possession of the new holding, the Court may order the payment to him by the Board of such sum as, in the opinion of the Court, is equal to the value of his interest in his former holding.

(6.) The county court may, upon application, order that such charges, liabilities and equities as affect the tenants interest in his former holding shall either continue to affect that holding or be transferred to his new holding.

(7.) Any decision of the county court under this section shall be final, and any notice under this section determining a tenancy may be enforced by a writ of possession of the county court, but no such writ shall be executed in pursuance of this section in the case of any tenant until the Board certify to the sheriff that they are prepared forthwith to put such tenant into possession of his new holding.

L

162

Extension of 44 & 45 Vict, c. 49. c. 5 (5) in case of land purchased by the Hoard.

Provision for exercise of powers by Board in respect of certain lands.

Short title and construction.

Ch. 34. Congested Districts Board (Ireland) 1 Edw. 7.

Act, 1901.

(8.) Where a matter requiring the cognizance of the Court under this section arises in respect of an estate situate within the jurisdiction of more than one county court, the county court within the jurisdiction of which the greater part in rateable value of the estate is situate shall take cognizance of the matter.

(9.) Every notice under this section shall be served on the tenant affected thereby either personally or by leaving the same at his residence or by transmitting the same by registered letter to his last known address.

(10.) The Court may award costs to or against any party to any proceedings under this section and, in addition to any other power, may, where of opinion that a reasonable offer for the payment of compensation or the execution of any works has been made by the Board, order a tenant to pay any costs incurred by the Board after the date of the offer. Any costs ordered to be paid by a tenant under this section may be deducted from any compensation payable to him thereunder.

(11.) Rules of court may regulate the practice and procedure under this section.

(12.) In this section the expression"estate includes part of an estate.

2. The right to enter upon a holding during the continuance of a statutory term conferred on a landlord by subsection (5) of section five of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, for the purposes therein specified, is hereby conferred on the Congested Districts Board and any person authorised by them in that behalf, in respect of any holding, not subject to a statutory term, which is situate upon land purchased by that Board; and, for enforcing the right conferred by this section, the Board shall have the like remedies as in the case of a holding subject to a statutory term.

3. Where the Congested Districts Board have, whether before or after the passing of this Act, purchased land elsewhere than in a congested districts county, the Lord Lieutenant may, if he thinks fit, on the report of the Board by Order in Council, declare that for the purposes of this section the land shall be treated as part of such congested districts county as he may determine, and the Board shall thereupon have, with respect to that land, all the powers conferred on them by the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Acts as amended by this Act.

4. — (1.) This Act may be cited as the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Act, 1901.

(2.) This Act shall be construed and may be cited with the Congested Districts Board (Ireland) Acts.

1901.

Public Worka Loans Act, 1901. Ch. 35.

103

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) For the purpose of local loans there may be issued by Grant* for the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely: — public vork*. (a.) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven million pounds;

(6.) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds.

(2.) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. so & 51 Vict.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several Certain debt* local loans specified in the schedule to this Act should, to the m

extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be reckoned of local as assets of the local loans fuud established under the National loans fund. Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore the principal of the 50 & 51 Vict, said loans shall, to that extent, be written off from the assets of the c*16, local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

3. — (1.) Whereas, in the years one thousand eight hundred Remission of and eighty-five and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, J^nst Eye* the sum of twenty-five thousand pounds was advanced by the mouth harbour Public Works Loan Commissioners to the Eyemouth harbour trustee *, trustees on the security of the harbour revenues, with the collateral security of a charge on the police rate of the burgh of Eyemouth, and the principal sum outstanding in respect of the loan is twenty-four thousand eight hundred and fifty-two pounds eight shillings and twopence, and it has been arranged by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, with the consent of the Treasury, that the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds should be received in full satisfaction of the claim of the Commissioners in respect of the said loan;

Therefore the said arrangement is hereby confirmed, and on payment of the said sum of one thousand five hundred pounds the balance, namely, twenty* three thousand three hundred and fifty-two pounds eight shillings and twopence, shall be deemed a free grant from Parliament.

164

Ch. 35.

Public Works Loans Act, 1901.

I Edw. 7.

Remission of certain loans and penalties under 54 & 55 Vict. c. 1. and 58 & 59 Vict. c. 2.

58 & 59 Vict.

c. 2.

Remission of balance of loan under 29 & 30 Vict. c. 44.

(2.) Whereas, pursuant to an agreement made in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, the sum of ten thousand pounds was advanced by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to the Eyemouth harbour trustees on the security of the harbour revenues, with the collateral security of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and it has been arranged by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, with the consent of the Treasury, that, on payment of the sum of five hundred pounds to the Fishery Board for Scotland, the Eyemouth harbour trustees should be released from their liability in respect of the said loan of ten thousand pounds, without prejudice to the liability of the Fishery Board for Scotland to repay that loan;

Therefore the said arrangement is hereby confirmed, and, on payment of the said sum of five hundred pounds, the liability of the Eyemouth harbour trustees in respect of the said loan shall be extinguished.

4. — (1.) Whereas, under the Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Act, 1890, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland have advanced to the board of guardians of the poor law union of Belmullet the sum of three thousand eight hundred and fifty-three pounds seven shillings, and the board of guardians have repaid the sum of three thousand and eighty-seven pounds nine shillings and fivepence, and it is expedient, regard being had to the circumstances of the case, that repayment should not be required of the debt still outstanding, amounting to seven hundred and sixty-five pounds seventeen shillings and sevenpence;

Therefore the said debt shall be extinguished, and the amount thereof shall be deemed a free grant from Parliament.

(2.) Whereas the unions of Swineford and Belmullet, in the county of Mayo, by not repaying when due the instalments of certain loans made to them under the Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Act, 1895, became liable to pay receiver’s fees to the amount of forty-one pounds sixteen shillings and sixteen pounds ten shillings and twopence respectively and interest to the amount of one hundred and twelve pounds four shillings and sevenpence and sixty-two pounds eleven shillings and eightpence respectively, amounting altogether to two hundred and thirty-three pounds two shillings and fivepence, and it is expedient to remit the said sum;

Therefore the said sum is hereby remitted.

5. Whereas, under the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses and Dwellings Act (Ireland), 1866, in the year one thousand eight hundred and eighty, the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds was advanced to Gerard Irvine, and the sum of one thousand two hundred and eighty-six pounds five shillings and sevenpence has been repaid in respect of the said loan, and it is expedient, regard being had to the circumstances of the case, that repayment should not be required of the debt still outstanding, amounting to two hundred and thirteen pounds fourteen shillings and fivepence;

1901.

Public Works Loans Act, 1901. Ch. 35.

165

Therefore the said debt shall be extinguished, and the amount thereof shall be deemed a free grant from Parliament.

[Short title.]

6. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1901.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

LOAN BY THE PUBLIC WORKS LOAN COMMISSIONERS.

Loan under the Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861 (24 & 25 VICT. c. 47).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be j Written off.

£ a. £ . d.

Eyemouth Harbour Trustees 25,000 0 0 23, 352 8 2

Part IL

LOANS BY THE COMMISSIONERS OF PUBLIC WORKS,

IRELAND.

(1.) Loans under the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847 (10 & 11 Vict. c. 32).

Name of Borrower. | Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d.

Denis Scanlon - 20 0 0 2 8 8

Patrick Moran - 100 0 0 88 8 9

Sundry items - — 23 0 9

120 0 0 113 18 2

166

Ch. 35.

Public Works Loans 1901

1 Edw. 7.

(2.) Loans under the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c. 49. s. 31).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

James McIntyre - £ e. d. 45 0 0 £ a. d. 23 3 10

Michael Higgins - 59 0 0 30 12 3

Wm. Johnston - 100 0 0 57 17 1

Chas. Lynch - - . 30 0 0 26 18 7

Ditto .... 100 0 0 74 19 7

Timothy Soanlon - - 80 0 0 49 15 0

Thomas Kennedy - 16 0 0 13 18 6

Patrick Treacy - 40 0 0 35 19 3

Wm. Qoggin 100 0 0 87 10 4

Patrick Flynn - 24 0 0 10 2 8

James H. Mulcahy ... 150 0 0 145 6 6

744 9 0 556 3 7

(3.) Loan under the Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Act, 1890 (54 & 55 Vict. c. 1).

Name of Borrower. i Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

£ a. d. £ a. d.

Guardians of Belmullet Union 3, 853 7 0 765 17 7

(4.) Loan under the Labouring Classes Lodging Houses and Dwellings Act (Ireland), 1866 (29 & 30 Vict. c. 44).

Name of Borrower. Amount Advanced. Amount to be Written off.

Gerard Irvine ... £ a. d. 1, 500 0 0 £ a. 213 14 5

1901. Public Works Lo Act, 1901. Ch. 35, 36.

Part III.

LOANS BY THE FISHERY BOARD FOR SCOTLAND.

167

Loans under the Crofters Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 29).

Names and Addresses of Borrowers. Fishery District. Amount of Loan. Amount to be Written off.

James McRae, Golspie Andrew McRae, -James McRae, jun., Golspie Alexr. McRae, , 1 J >Helmsdalo - ! £ 8d. 90 0 0 £8. d. 31 18

Geo. McDonald, " Charlie, " Brora ->

John McDonald, " Charlie, ", - ► 275 0 0 52 5 2

Donald McDonald, " Charlie, ", -Jas. Miller, Pulteney, Wick Robert Brnoe, , , j [• Wick - 102 0 0 22 8 11

Donald Budge, Keiss, Wick Henry Budge, , , 1 I- 125 0 0 32 1 0

592 0 0 138 13 5

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to provide for the Payment of another of the Light Railway Commissioners.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. In addition to the salary directed to be paid by subsection Payment of four of section one of the Light Railways Act, 1896, there shall be paid to another of those Commissioners such salary as the missioner. Treasury direct, not exceeding one thousand pounds a year, and 59 & eo Vict. subsection six of section one of that Act shall apply to any salary c*48, so paid.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the light Railway Commissioners (Salaries) Act, 1901.

168

Ch. 37

Valuation (Ireland) Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Power to make new rates.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 32.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 63.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to make provision with respect to Valuation Lists and .Rates in cases of a re-valuation under Section Sixty-five of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Where any rate made on valuation lists issued by the Commissioner of Valuation on a general re-valuation under section sixty-five of the Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1898, is invalid by reason of having been made on the said lists, a new rate may, notwithstanding any enactment limiting the time for the making of rates, be made in lieu of the rate which is invalid and for the service of the same period as that rate on the valuation lists issued on the first day of March one thousand nine hundred, subject to revision in accordance with this Act and as varied on appeal; and those lists shall be as valid and effectual for all purposes as if they had been issued on the first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one for the ensuing year.

(2.) For the purposes of this Act any lists of tenements and hereditaments transmitted to the Commissioner of Valuation for the purpose of the annual revision, which would, but for the said general re-valuation, have been completed by the first day of March one thousand nine hundred and one, shall be forthwith revised and transmitted in the same manner and subject to the same provisions, except as respects dates, as if the general re-valuation had not been made and shall have effect accordingly.

(3.) Any such general re-valuation as aforesaid shall not come into force before the first day of March one thousand nine hundred and three, and the time for appeal limited by section twenty-two of the Valuation (Ireland) Act, 1852, is hereby extended to the said first day of March one thousand nine hundred and three.

(4.) In any area in which any rate is invalid for the reason aforesaid, all jurors’ books and registers of Parliamentary and local government electors in force at the passing of this Act shall, for the purpose of the revision to be held next after the passing of this Act, be deemed to be the lists of jurors and voters respectively requiring revision and shall be revised accordingly in such manner and by such means and provisions as may be prescribed by the Lord Lieutenant by Order in Council. All jurors’ books and registers of voters made in pursuance of this enactment shall, subject to correction or variation on appeal, be valid and effectual for all purposes.

2. This Act may be cited as the Valuation (Ireland) Act, 1901.

1901.

Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1901. Ch. 38.

109

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to amend the Steam Trawling (Ireland) Act, 1889.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) Every person who uses any trawl net or any method Penalty for of fishing in contravention of any byelaw of the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland (in this Act raw, D, ?' referred to as the Department) made in pursuance of section three of the Steam Trawling (Ireland) Act, 1889 (in this Act referred to 52 & 53 Vict, as the principal Act), shall be liable, on conviction under the c- 74-Summary Jurisdiction Acts, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and every net used or attempted to be used in contravention of any such byelaw and every rope, warp, tackle, beam, pole, iron and other thing fastened to or used with any such net shall be forfeited and may be seized by any duly authorised officer of the Department or any officer appointed by the Department for the purposes of the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842, and shall, when 5 & 6 Vict, seized, be dealt with, subject to the provisions of this Act, in the «•106* manner provided by section one hundred and three of the said Act of 1842, and for the purpose of such seizure any such officer may go on board any vessel propelled by steam employed in fishing.

(2.) If the person to whom a summons under the principal Act is directed cannot be conveniently met with, it shall be deemed sufficient service of such summons upon him if a copy thereof is left for him at the usual place of abode or place of business, the same being within the United Kingdom, of the owner of the vessel on which such person was when the offence was committed.

(3.) The court before whom a person is convicted under this Act may by the order provide that, if the fine imposed upon him is not paid within eight days after the conviction, one-lialf thereof shall be paid by, and may be recovered under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts from, such owner as aforesaid and that, in default of payment, by the person convicted, of the remainder of the said fine within a further period of eight days, the same may be recovered from him under the said Acts:

Provided that any sum paid by the owner under this enactment may be recovered by him as a debt from the person convicted.

(4.) Every sum of money levied as a fine or arising from the sale of anything ordered to be sold, in pursuance of the principal Act as amended by this Act, shall be paid to the Department and shall be applied for the purposes of sea fisheries as defined by the Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland) Act, 1899. 02 & 63 Vict.

170

Ch. 38.

Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106.

Short title and citation.

Imue of money for works mentioned in schedule.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 6.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 85.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 35.

[Short title.]

(5.) Section eighty-nine (which relates to the powers of officers) and section ninety-six (which relates to the jurisdiction of magistrates of maritime counties) of the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1842, shall apply with the necessary modifications for the purposes of the principal Act as amended by this Act.

(6.) Subsection (2) of section three of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

2. This Act may be cited as the Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1901, and may be cited with the Fisheries (Ireland) Acts, 1842 to 1898.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to make further provision for the Construction of Works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) In addition to any sum authorised to be issued under any other Act, the Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof such sums, not exceeding in the whole six million one hundred and fifty-seven thousand pounds, as may be required by the Admiralty for defraying the cost of the works specified in the schedule to this Act, subject to the terms and conditions in sections three and five of the Naval Works Act, 1896; and those sections and section five of the Naval Works Act, 1895 (which relates to the mode in which money may be raised), shall be construed as if they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act.

(2.) The Treasury may borrow under the said section five of the Naval Works Act, 1895, any sums which have been issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the purpose of the Naval Works Act, 1896, or the Naval Works Act, 1897, and which the surplus set aside under section four of the Naval Works Act, 1896, was not sufficient to pay.

(3.) The Bank of England may lend any money which the Treasury are authorised to raise under this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Naval Works Act, 1901.

1901.

Naval Works 1901

Ch. 39.

171

SCHEDULE.

Heads op Proposed Expenditure.

Works. Total Estimated Cost, 1901. Expenditure to 31st March 1900. Estimated Expenditure from 1st April 1900 to 31st March 1901.1 1 j Estimated Expenditure for the Financial Tears 1901- 1902 and 1902- 1903. Expected Date of Completion.

1. 2. 3. ' 4. 6. 6.

(a) Enclosure and Defence of Harbours. £ £ £ £ 1 i

Gibraltar - 1, 239,000 785, 541 179343 1 213,000 | i 1902.]

Gibraltar, Commercial Mole - •669,000 66, 734 78, 961 300,000 1903-4

Portland .... t660,000 310, 644 82, 76? 160,000; 1903-4

Dover 3, 500,000 276, 073 298, 017 700,000 1907-8

Malta Breakwater - 1,000,000 — — 60300 1907-8

(b) Adapting Naval Ports to present Needs of Fleet. i

Deepening harbours and approaches 1 (§1, 100.000 703336 32, 185 1 350,000 1

Key ham Dockyard extension - 1 4, 175,000 j 865, 830 482, 783 1, 052,000 ! 1906-6

Portsmouth Docks - | I 872, 602 372, 502 i — - J Completed.

Gibraltar Dockyard extension 2, 674,000 1 390308 198384 j 470,000 1904-6 i

Hong Kong Dockyard extension 1, 275, 500 1 62394 27, 822 1 160,000 1904-6

Colombo Dock 169,000 15,000 21,000 72,000 1903-4

Pembroke Jetty, &c. 130,000 40, 031 26305 62, 200 1903-4

Portsmouth, widening caisson 40, 469 38, 062 2, 417 - i Completed.

Haulbowline improvements - 1 63.000 (48312 9, 174 | 6314 1901-2

Chatham, dock 460,000 | 224 14328 190,000 | 1903-4

Malta Dockyard extension - | 1, 260,000 13, 463 73, 039 j 460.000 1907-8.

Bermuda Dockyard extension 700,000 636 125392 | 300,000 1906-7

Simon’s Bay Dockyard extension, &c. 112, 500,000 | 28326 6, 475 200,000 1907-8,

Coaling facilities ... §1,000,000 i ~~ i 600,000 i 1906-<t

• The total estimated cost of the Commercial Mole is 700,000l., including 31,000l. for superintendence under item (d). Pour sevenths of this sum is to be repaid by the Colony of Gibraltar in the form of an annuity of 14,000*. per annum for 67 years from the opening of the Mole, to be credited as an appropriation in aid of Navy Tote 10.

t An expenditure of 40, 548*. was incurred during 1898-4 and 1894- 5 in erecting dolphins on the line of the breakwater and was charged to Vote 10 in those years. This is in addition to the estimate of 650,000*.

t Exclusive of the cost of dredging plant purchased prior to 81st March 1696.

§ It may become necessary to ask the sanction of Parliament to an increase of the total estimated cost of these items in a subsequent Bill, but without Parliamentary approval no works will be undertaken or scheme partially completed which will involve a liability beyond the sum named.

I An expenditure estimated at 8, 300*. was incurred during 1896-7 to 1898-9 on the preliminary surrey for this work and was charged to Vote 10 in those years. This is in addition to the estimate-

172

Further grant for military works.

60 & 61 Vict.

C. 7. 4

62 & 63 Vict.

c. 41.

Ch. 39, 40. Naval Works Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Heads of Proposed Expenditure — continued.

Works. Total Estimated Cost, 1901. Expenditure to 31st March i 1900. Estimated Expenditure from 1st April 1900 to 31st March 1901. I Estimated Expendi-i ture for the Financial Tears ! 1901-1902 and 1902-1903., Expected Date of Completion.

1. 2. ! 3. 4. 5. 6.

(c) Naval Barracks, &c.

Chatham Naval Barracks 445.000 188469 123, 913 120/M0 1902.]

•Naval Barracks for Medway Gunnery School. Portsmouth Naval Barracks - 220,000 670, 400 1, 057 237, 600 91974 50.000 235,000 1906-6 1909-4

Key ham Naval Barracks 230,000 65, 231 50, 087 57400 1909-4

Chatham Naval Hospital 379,000 42, 680 44450 170,000 1909-4

Walmer Marine Depdt - 17, 658 17.668 — - Completed.

Key ham Engineers’ College 23, 298 23, 298 j | 1 Completed.

" Britannia " R.N. College 315.000 62, 335 34475 i 100,000 1 1904-5 I

Magazines .... 870,000 221, 891 138, 186; 809, 332 1904-6

Haslar Hospital Extension 68, 500 26, 760 29496 12, 154 I 1901-2

Haul bowline Zymotic Hospital - 12, 463 11, 626 837 - Completed.

(d) Superintendence and Miscellaneous Charges .... 1.803, 074 182, 015 i 72, 310 1 224,000 —

27, 501, 864 1 1 5, 077, 207 2, 193, 613, 6, 492,000 j —

Total of columns 3, 4, and 5 - £13, 762, 820+

* This item was formerly described as " Sheerness Naval Barracks." £

t Total estimated expenditure to 31st March t903 ..... 13, 762, 820

Expenditure already authorised, viz.

Out of Navy Votes (8 and 10) prior to inclusion of works in £

Loan Acts ........ 241, 820

By Act of 1895 (1,000.000l. less 140,000f. lapsed) .... 860,000

By Act of 1896 ...... 2, 760,000

' By Act of 1897 654.000

By Act of 1899 ...... 3.100,000

---- 7, 005, 820

Further expenditure to be authorised by this Act .... 6, 157.000

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to make further Provision for Defraying the Expenses of certain Military Works and other Military Services.

[17th August 1901.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1.) The Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, in addition to the sums authorised by the Military Works Acts, 1897 and 1899, such further sums, not exceeding in the whole six million three hundred and fifty-two thousand five hundred pounds, as may be required by a Secretary of State for defraying the cost of the works mentioned in the schedule to this Act; and subsections two and three of section one of the Military Works Act, to control over

Ch. 40,

173

1901. Military Works Act, 1901.

expenditure), and section two of that Act (which relates to the mode in which money may be raised), shall apply with respect to the sums authorised by this Act to be issued, as if those provisions were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act.

(2.) The Bank of England may lend any money which the Treasury are authorised to raise under this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Military Works Act, 1901.

SCHEDULE.

Military Works.

Sums Sums Sums

provided in provided in provided in ] Total

Heads. Military Military 1 Military i

Works Act, Works Act, ! Works Act, provision.

1897. 1899. | 1901.

1. Defence works -

2. Barracks, including provision of new

barracks, in consequence of recent additions to the army, and improvements to existing barracks (e.) New barracks for cavalry, £

artillery and infantry at Salisbury Plain - 460,000

(6.) New barracks for cavalry, artillery and infantry in the Scottish District - 380,000

(e.) New Depots and additions to Depdt Barracks for artillery and infantry at: —

e

1, 120,000

1,000,000

Caterham Clonmel -Durham Mill Hill . Winchester Worcester

(d.) Additions to provide additional accommodation and improvements at

Ballincollig Belfast

Dublin -Dundalk

Falmouth Fermoy Landgunrd Holy wood Isle of Wight Kilkenny Leith London

Netley Pathological Institute

760,000

60,000

15.000

80.000

66.000

36.000

36.000

270,000

20,000

46.000

46.000

10.000 28,000 26,000

8, 600

6,000

10,000

30,000

10,000

40,000

40,000

Pembroke Dock 83,000

Preston - - 16,000

Weedon 5,000

Windsor - 80,000

Woking - - 24,000

Addition to sundry artillery barracks 10,000

486, 500

2, 870,000

• These works are partly new works and partly works which have* been commenced and not completed under the Military Works Acts, 1897 and 1899.

No building is to be undertaken which cannot be completed within the 6, 352, 5001. granted under this Act.

[Short title.]

174

Ch. 40.

Military Works Act, 1901. 1 Edw. 7.

Heads. I | Bums provided in Military Works Act, 1897. 8nms provided in Military Works Act, 1899. Sums provided in Military Works Act, 1901. Total Provision.

(e.) Completion of wooden £ hutments at Aldershot, Kildare, Lichfield, 8 alis-bury Plain and Shorn-cliffe - - 1.187,000 I 2 £ £ £

(f.) Provision of accommodation for additional troops and continuation of reconstruction of the large camps at £ '

Aldershot - 276,000

Colchester Curragh Shornolifle

• 260.000 110.000 62,000

(g.) Provision of new married soldiers' quarters at sundry stations *

(h.) Purchase barracks

of land for

697.000

100.000 120,000

Bermuda . £ 84,000

Egypt - 164,000

Esquimau - 20,000

Gibraltar 30,000

Hong Kong - 60.000

Jamaica - 10,000

Malta 30,000

Mauritius- - 40,000

Singapore - 60,000

Freight and local transport of stores 20,000

608,000

4207, 600

3. Ranges.- —

a.Artillery and rifle ranges and training grounds

b. Mobilisation and store

rooms - 690,000

640,000

1, 130,000

4. Staff and contingencies

1. Defence works

2. Barracks -

3. Ranges

4. Staff and contingencies

Total

* 1, 140,000

200,000

Totals.

1.120,000

2.989.000

1.149.000 200,000

6, 468,000

2, 770.000 4207.800 9, 968, 600

40,000 *1, 130,000 2, 319,000

190,000 | 266,000 866,000

1,000,000 760,000 2, 870,000

2, 770,000 4207, 600 9, 966*00

40,000 1, 130,000 2*18,000

190,000 266.000 666,000

4,000,000 6^62A00 16*10, 600

---

* Including accommodation for manoeuvring and mobilization.

175

TABLE II.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session 1 EDWARD 7. — A.D. 1901.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 2nd July 1901.

i. AN Act to enable Henry Diaper and Company of Liverpool to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes. (Diaper and Company's (Delivery Warrants).)

P. ii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley. (Paisley Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. iii. An Act to confirm an Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 for the transfer of the Thames and Severn Canal to the County Council of Gloucestershire and for other purposes. (Thames and Severn Canal Order Confirmation.)

iv. An Act to convert and consolidate the existing capital of the Gravesend and Milton Gaslight Company to confer farther powers upon that Company and for other purposes (Gravesend Gas.)

v. An Act to transfer to and vest in the Honley Urban District Council the undertaking of the Honley Gas Company Limited and to confer upon that Council powers for the supply of gas and for other purposes. (Honley Urban District Council (Gas).)

vi. An Act to increase the number of the Council of the borough of Folkestone in the county of Kent and for other purposes. (Folkestone Corporation.)

vii. An Act to enable the Gateshead and District Tramways Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Gateshead and District Tramways.)

viii. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Bath Gaslight and Coke Company to authorise the raising of additional capital and for other purposes. (Bath Gas.)

ix. An Act to alter and amend certain provisions of the deed of constitution of the Bristol Clifton and West of England Zoological Society and for other purposes. (Bristol Clifton and West of England Zoological Society’s.)

x. An Act to repeal the Special Acts of the Royal Exchange Assurance and to make further provisions in relation to the laws objects and regulations of the Royal Exchange Assurance and for other purposes. (Royal Exchange Assurance.)

xi. An Act to authorise the Sheffield District Railway Company to raise additional capital by the creation and issue of debenture stock for the purposes of their undertaking. (Sheffield District Railway.)

xii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Alfreton Gas Company and for other purposes. (Alfreton Gas.)

xiii. An Act to dissolve the Omagh Gas Company and to incorporate and confer powers on a new company. (Omagh Gas.)

xiv. An Act to incorporate and confer powers for the supply of water upon the Oakham Water Company. (Oakham Water.)

xv. An Act to empower the Corporation of the city of London to widen London Bridge and for other purposes. (London Bridge Widening.)

xvi. An Act to reduce and regulate the amount of the debt upon the Neath Harbour undertaking and for other purposes. (Neath Harbour.)

xvii. An Act to revive the powers and extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of the dock and works authorised by the Thames Deep Water Dock Act 1881 and for other purposes. (Thames Deep Water Dock.)

xviii. An Act to authorise and provide for the removal of the School for Orphans of Freemen of the City of London to a new site in the parish of Walton-on-the-Hill in the county of Surrey and the sale of the site and buildings at Brixton now occupied by the School and for other purposes. (School for Orphans of Freemen of the City of London.)

xix. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Otley Gas Company. (Otley Gas.)

xx. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Horley District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Horley District Gas.)

xxi. An Act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct an additional branch dock in connection with their Canada Dock and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks (Canada Dock Works, &c.).)

xxii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Bury to construct additional tramways within and adjacent to the borough to make certain street works and improvements and for other purposes. (Bury Corporation Tramways.)

xxiii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company. (Great Northern Railway.)

xxiv. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railways Committee and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

P. xxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the water supply of the burgh of Grangemouth. (Grangemouth Water Order Confirmation.)

P. xxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Scottish Provident Institution. (Scottish Provident Institution Order Confirmation.)

P. xxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ardrossan Harbour. (Ardrossan Harbour Order Confirmation.)

P. xxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ayr Harbour. (Ayr Harbour Order Confirmation.)

P. xxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Highland Railway Company. (Highland Railway Order Confirmation.)

P. xxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1889 relating to the burgh of Hamilton. (Hamilton Burgh Order Confirmation.)

P. xxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Falkirk and District Tramways. (Falkirk and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. xxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

P. xxxiii. An Act to confirm a Scheme relating to Ham Common in the parish of Ham in the county of Surrey. (Metropolitan Commons (Ham) Supplemental.)

P. xxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Board for Acton to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (Acton).)

P. xxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the county and urban district of Carlow. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban districts of Londonderry and Kilkenny and the rural districts of Cork Roscommon Boyle No. 1 and Mountmelick No. 1. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Abertillery Aspull Briton Ferry Cannock Ebbw Vale Faversham Llandaff and Dinas Powis Llangollen Neath (borough) and Tredegar. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Birstall Cheshunt Dorchester Felling Frome Lichfield Mitcham New Hunstanton Northfleet and Skipton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. xxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Atherton Benwell and Fenham Beverley Burgess Hill Chesham East Cowes Hindley Honley Standish-with-Langtree and Stratford-upon-Avon. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. xl. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carlisle Erith Hornsey Oxford and Whitley and Monkseaton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. xli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bilston Buxton Leicester (two) Milton next Sittingbourne Neath and Newton in Mackerfield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. xlii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Billericay (Rural) Drighlington Heston and Isle worth Sunderland and York. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. xliii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Shoeburyness. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

P. xliv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the parish of Saint Giles Camberwell the Southampton Incorporation and the Stepney Union. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law).)

P. xlv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 for the Regulation of Skipwith Common in the parish of Skipwith in the county of York and a Provisional Order under the said Acts for the inclosure of the common fields in the same parish. (Regulation and Inclosure (Skipwith) Provisional Orders.)

P. xlvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act 1883 and the Acts amending the same relating to the Triogue Drainage District in Queen’s County. (Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental (Ireland).)

P. xlvii. An Act to confirm a Scheme relating to Broom Hill Common and other commons in the parish of Orpington, in the county of Kent. (Metropolitan Commons (Orpington) Supplemental.)

P. xlviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ardrossan gas and water. (Ardrossan Gas and Water Order Confirmation.)

P. xlix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British and Mercantile Insurance Company. (North British and Mercantile Insurance Company's Order Confirmation.)

P. l. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Arizona Copper Company Limited. (Arizona Copper Company Limited Order Confirmation.)

P. li. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 for the inclosure of the open fields heath and wastes in the parish of Sutton in the county of Northampton. (Inclosure (Sutton) Provisional Order.)

P. lii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Cellardyke Helmsdale Leitir Mhor Macduff and Porthgain. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

liii. An Act to extend the powers of the trustees of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland in relation to the investment of money and the accepting taking and holding of property and for other purposes. (Irish Presbyterian Church.)

liv. An Act for empowering the British Gas Light Company, Limited to enlarge their works and to expend further capital at Kingston-upon-Hull. (British Gas Light Company Limited (Hull Station).)

lv. An Act to amend the Nitrate Railways Company Limited (Conversion of Shares) Act 1891. (Nitrate Railways Company Limited.)

lvi. An Act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to James Godman Rodgers for an invention for improvements in rubber tyres for vehicles. (Rodgers' Patent.)

lvii. An Act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Water Board for the urban districts of Aspatria and Holme Cultram in the county of Cumberland and to authorise such Joint Water Board to construct works and to supply water to those and adjacent districts and for other purposes. (Aspatria Silloth and District Water.)

lviii. An Act to convert the capital of the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas Company to empower the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas.)

lix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Shrewsbury Gas Light Company. (Shrewsbury Gas.)

lx. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the county borough of Cardiff to construct new intercepting and other sewers and for other purposes. (Cardiff Corporation.)

lxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Leatherhead Gas and Lighting Company. (Leatherhead Gas.)

lxii. An Act for extending the limits of supply of the West Surrey Water Company and for authorising that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (West Surrey Water.)

lxiii. An Act to extend the time limited for the completion of the pier and works authorised by the Milford Docks Act 1890 and for the compulsory purchase of certain lands and for other purposes. (Milford Docks.)

lxiv. An Act to empower the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to enclose part of the foreshore of the River Mersey and adjoining lands in the borough of Birkenhead and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.)

lxv. An Act to confer further powers on the Sutton-in-Ashfield Urban District Council in relation to their water undertaking. (Sutton-in-Ashfield Urban District Council (Water).)

lxvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the City and South London Railway Company for the raising of capital and for other purposes. (City and South London Railway.)

lxvii. An Act to confer further powers on the New Swindon Gas Company and for other purposes. (New Swindon Gas.)

lxviii. An Act to authorise Arthur Guinness Son and Company (Limited) to construct tramways in the city of Dublin in connexion with St. James’s Gate Brewery and to work the same and their existing tramways by mechanical or other power to construct certain street improvements and for other purposes. (Dublin Saint James's Gate Brewery Tramways.)

lxix. An Act to authorise the Cambrian Railways Company to extend their railway at Pwllheli to grant further powers to that Company in respect of the use of steam vessels and for other purposes. (Cambrian Railways.)

lxx. An Act for transferring to and vesting in the Caledonian Railway Company and the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company jointly the undertaking of the Glasgow and Renfrew District Railway Company and for other purposes. (Glasgow and Renfrew District Railway (Transfer).)

lxxi. An Act to confirm and give effect to an Agreement for the sale and transfer of the London Riverside Fish Market to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London and for other purposes. (London Riverside Fish Market (Transfer to Corporation of London).)

lxxii. An Act to authorise the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock.)

lxxiii. An Act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of additional lands and upon that Company and the Midland and Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Companies in respect of their Normanton Station and for other purposes. (Eastern Railway.)

lxxiv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Chester United Gas Company. (Chester Gas.)

Royal Assent, 26th July 1901.

lxxv. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Prestatyn to purchase the undertaking of the Dyserth Meliden and Prestatyn Water Company and to authorise the Council to construct additional waterworks and to supply water within the district and adjoining places. (Prestatyn Water.)

lxxvi. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Poulton-le-Fylde Gas Coal Lime and Coke Company Limited to the Poulton-le-Fylde Urban District Council and to authorise that Council to supply gas and for other purposes. (Poulton-le-Fylde Gas.)

lxxvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Dorking Gas Company. (Dorking Gas.)

lxxviii. An Act to empower the Notting Hill Electric Lighting Company Limited to acquire lands and to erect and work generating stations and for other purposes. (Notting Hill Electric Lighting.)

lxxix. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Colwyn Bay and District Gas Company to the Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Urban District Council and to authorise that Council to supply gas and for other purposes. (Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Urban District Gas.)

lxxx. An Act to confer further powers on the Derwent Valley Water Board with respect to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Derwent Valley Water.)

lxxxi. An Act for supplying with gas the urban district of Petersfield the parish of Selsey and other places in the counties of Southampton and Sussex. (Petersfield and Selsey Gas.)

lxxxii. An Act to authorise the Richmond Gas Company to raise additional capital to convert their existing capital to enlarge their works to amend their existing Acts and for other purposes. (Richmond Gas.)

lxxxiii. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Tendring Hundred Waterworks Company to authorise that Company to construct new works to raise further money and for other purposes. (Tendring Hundred Waterworks.)

lxxxiv. An Act to authorise the Burgess Hill Water Company to construct additional waterworks acquire lands and raise further moneys and for other purposes. (Hill Water.)

lxxxv. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Kettering to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Kettering Urban District Water.)

lxxxvi. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Winsford in the county of Chester to manufacture and supply gas and to provide for the transfer to the Council of the undertaking of the Over and Wharton Gas Company Limited or of the liquidators appointed by the said Company and to make further provision in regard to the finance of the said district and for other purposes. (Winsford Urban District (Gas Transfer, &c.).)

lxxxvii. An Act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

lxxxviii. An Act to empower the Urban District Councils of Cowes and East Cowes to take on lease the existing Royal Ferry across the River Medina between their respective districts and to work and manage the same and for other purposes. (Cowes Ferry.)

lxxxix. An Act to confer powers on the Urban District Council of Pembroke in the county of Dublin with respect to sanitary matters streets buildings and other matters for the good government of their district and to borrow moneys and for other purposes. (Pembroke Urban District Council.)

xc. An Act to authorise the Great Eastern Railway Company to execute further works and to purchase additional lands to sanction and confirm the purchase of certain lands to confer further powers upon the Company and the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to extend the periods limited by former Acts for the purchase of lands and the construction of works by the Company to provide for the consolidation of certain preference stocks of the Company and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

xci. An Act to incorporate Trustees for the maintenance and improvement of the port and harbour of Newry Newry River and Newry Canal to transfer to them the undertaking of the Newry Navigation Company to authorise the Trustees to borrow money and for other purposes. (Newry Port and Harbour Trust.)

xcii. An Act to confer further powers on the Tees Valley Water Board in relation to the supply of water. (Tees Valley Water.)

xciii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Faversham Water Company. (Faversham Water.)

xciv. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to enlarge their Greenbank Cemetery and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation (Cemetery).)

xcv. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of King’s Norton and Northfield to construct tramways and to make provision in regard to tramways in and in the neighbourhood of the said district and for other purposes. (Kings Norton and Northfield Urban District Tramways.)

xcvi. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Llandrindod Wells to purchase the undertaking of the Llandrindod Wells Water Company and to authorise the Council to. construct additional waterworks and to supply water within the district and adjoining places. (Llandrindod Wells Water.)

xcvii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Mansfield to make a street widening to authorise the Corporation to acquire the undertaking of the Mansfield Woodhouse Gas Light and Coke Company Limited to make further provisions with respect to their gas water and electrical undertakings to confer further powers in regard to streets buildings and sewers and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Mansfield Corporation.)

xcviii. An Act to make further provisions with reference to and to confer further powers on the Undertakers of the Aire and Calder Navigation to amend the Acts relating to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Aire and Calder Navigation.)

xcix. An Act for making and maintaining railways in the county of Southampton to be called the South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway and for other purposes. (South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway.)

c. An Act to authorise the Stroud Gas Light and Coke Company to convert their existing capital to raise additional capital to amend their existing Act and for other purposes. (Stroud Gas.)

ci. An Act to extend the time for the completion of certain railways of the Barry Railway Company. (Barry Railway (Extension of Time).)

cii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Urban District Council of Handsworth with respect to tramways and electric lighting and for other purposes. (Handsworth Urban District Council.)

ciii. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Bexley to construct And work tramways and for other purposes. (Bexley Tramways.)

civ. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cleveland and Durham County Electric Power Company. (Cleveland and Durham County Electric Power.)

cv. An Act to authorise the Municipal Corporation of the City of Dublin to establish and maintain a market for the sale of old clothes and other commodities in certain market buildings to be constructed and conveyed to them as a free gift by the Right Honourable Edward Cecil Baron Iveagh K.P. and for other purposes. (Dublin Corporation (Markets, &c.).)

cvi. An Act to enable the Great Central Railway Company to make new railways and other works to acquire additional lands to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain lands for the completion of certain railways and for the sale of the superfluous lands of the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company and the Wrexham Mold and Connah’s Quay Railway Company to confer further powers upon the Nottingham Joint Station Committee and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

cvii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and the Great Northern Railway Company with relation to lands at Wakefield and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Various Powers).)

cviii. An Act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Sheffield to execute certain street improvements and other works to construct additional lines of tramways to discontinue Fitzalan Market and to reconstruct enlarge and improve certain existing markets and abattoirs and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation.)

cix. An Act for the abandonment of the Bideford and Clovelly Railway. (Bideford and Clovelly Railway (Abandonment).)

cx. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Chesterfield to execute certain street improvements and works to make further provision for the improvement local government and health of the borough of Chesterfield and for other purposes. (Chesterfield Improvement.)

cxi. An Act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway.)

cxii. An Act to empower the Aldershot Gas and Water Company to raise additional capital find for other purposes. (Aldershot Gas and Water.)

cxiii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Bury to purchase and hold lands for the purposes of their sewage gas and other works and to make further and better provision in relation to the local government of the borough of Bury and for other purposes. (Bury Corporation.)

cxiv. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Wisbech Waterworks Company and to confer further powers upon that Company. (Wisbech Water.)

cxv. An Act for empowering the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway Company to widen a portion of their railway and for other purposes. (Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway.)

cxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Yorkshire Electric Power Company. (Yorkshire Electric Power.)

cxvii. An Act to authorise the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway Company to raise further moneys. (Lynton and Barnstaple Railway.)

cxviii. An Act to amend the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway (New Ross and Waterford Extension) Act 1897 and to enable the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to alter the level of a certain public road in the townland of Rosbercon and county of Wexford and to carry Railway No. 1 authorised by the said Act across the said road on the level and for other purposes. (Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway (New Ross and Waterford Extension).)

cxix. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Bingley to purchase the undertaking of the Cullingworth Gas Company Limited to make certain street works and to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Bingley Urban District Council.)

cxx. An Act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to extend the periods for the completion of works by the Caledonian the Callander and Oban the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire the Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie and the Paisley and Barrhead District Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Caledonian Railway.)

cxxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power Company. (Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power.)

cxxii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Eccles to reconstruct their existing and to construct additional tramways to make street improvements to raise additional moneys by mortgage and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough. (Eccles Corporation.)

cxxiii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western and Great Central Railways Joint Committee in respect of their undertaking for vesting the undertakings of the Devon and Somerset and the Bridport Railway Companies in the Great Western Railway Company for transferring to that Company the powers of the Windsor and Ascot Railway Company and extending the time for the construction of the authorised railways of that Company for empowering the Lambourn Valley Railway Company to raise further moneys and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

cxxiv. An Act to empower the Corporation of Kingston-upon-Hull to make certain street works to construct a bridge over the River Hull to lay down tramways and to confer further powers on the Corporation in regard to the water supply health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Hull Corporation.)

cxxv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on a company to be called the Swanage Gas and Water Company and to authorise the transfer to that Company of certain existing gasworks and waterworks and powers in the parish of Swanage in the county of Dorset and the construction of additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Swanage Gas and Water)

cxxvi. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London Governors of the House of the Poor commonly called Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital near West Smithfield London of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth to acquire certain lands necessary or desirable for the extension of the hospital and for other purposes. (Saint Bartholomew's Hospital.)

cxxvii. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and completion of the railways authorised by the Torrington and Okehampton Railway Act 1895 and the Torrington and Okehampton Railway Act 1898 and to change the name of the Torrington and Okehampton Railway Company and for other purposes. (Torrington and Okehampton Railway.)

cxxviii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Blackpool to construct additional tramways and improvements in that borough and to make further provisions for the improvement and good government of the said borough and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement)

cxxix. An Act to alter the numbers and boundaries of the wards of the borough of Burton-upon-Trent and to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the said borough to construct tramways in the borough and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough. (Burton-upon-Trent Corporation.)

cxxx. An Act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with respect to the construction of railways in the west riding of the county of York and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Dearne Valley Junction Railways).)

cxxxi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Harrow and Uxbridge Railway Company in relation to the Harrow and Uxbridge Railway to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of land and the completion of certain authorised railways and works by the two Companies and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

cxxxii. An Act to extend the provisions of the Staines Reservoirs Acts of 1896 and 1898 relating to the purchase of the undertakings of certain Metropolitan Water Companies by any public body or trustees. (Staines Reservoirs (Amendment).)

cxxxiii. An Act to amend certain provisions of the Belfast Harbour Act 1898 to enable the Belfast Harbour Commissioners to make a new and substituted graving dock to confirm agreements as to lands and works connected therewith and for other purposes. (Belfast Harbour.)

cxxxiv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Dovor Gas Light Company. (Dover Gas.)

cxxxv. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to construct additional tramways and to make street improvements and to confer upon them further powers with respect to streets buildings sewers and drains and the health local government and improvement of the borough to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes. (Bolton Corporation.)

cxxxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Shannon Water and Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Shannon Water and Electric Power.)

P. cxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to St. Marylebone. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Macclesfield Ripon Todmorden Trowbridge Ware Wellingborough (public purposes) Wellington (Salop) Widnes Wisbech and Workington. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aberavon Ashton-in-Makerfield Hampton Hoddesdon Ince-in-Makerfield Mountain Ash Neath (Rural District) Pontypridd Teddington and Worsley. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxl. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Blackrock Dungannon Kildare and Waterford. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. cxli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Local Government (Ireland) (No. 2) Act 1900. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxlii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban districts of Dundalk Enniskillen Sligo and Tralee and the counties of Fermanagh Kerry Louth Sligo and Waterford. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxliii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the county borough of Londonderry the rural district of Fermoy and the Skule Bog United District. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxliv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban districts of Cashel Omagh and Strabane. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

P. cxlv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the city of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

P. cxlvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Congleton (Rural) Kingsbridge Liverpool Middleton Pudsey and Tamworth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxlvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Halifax and Sowerby Bridge Lytham Middleton Newark Ripon and Torquay. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxlviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional- Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bridport Chopping Wycombe Marlborough Wakefield and the county of West Sussex. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxlix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Nantwich the Ormskirk Lathom and Burscough and the Orsett Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. cl. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bristol Chiswick Doncaster (Rural) Dover Hailsham (Rural) and Tavistock (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. cli. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Hitchin the Maldon and the Upton-upon-Severn and Pershore Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. clii. An Act to confirm certain provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Liverpool (two) and West Ham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. cliii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead and Prescot. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

P. cliv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the authority of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bexhill water and gas High Wycombe gas Portsea gas Slough gas and Woking District gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. clv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the authority of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Horsham gas Nuneaton gas Pinner gas and Swaftham gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

P. clvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897 relating to lands in the parishes of Erith Banstead St. John Horsley down St. Leonard Shoreditch Clapham and Greenwich. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. clvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lauds Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2.).)

P. clviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Ayr County Buildings. (Ayr County Buildings Order Confirmation.)

P. clix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Babbacombe and Great Yarmouth. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Admiralty under the Naval Works Act 1895. (Naval Works Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

P. clxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Corporation. (Dundee Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. clxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway. (Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway Order Confirmation.)

P. clxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation Police. (Glasgow Corporation (Police) Order Confirmation.)

P. clxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Frimley and Farnborough District Water Henley-on-Thames Water Hungerford Water South Staffordshire Water and Wokingham Water. (Water Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. clxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Dearae Valley Water Mid-Kent Water Perranporth Water Slough Water and Tilehurst Pangbourne and District Water. (Water Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clydebank Burgh Tramways. (Clydebank Burgh Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. clxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh and District Water. (Edinburgh and District Water Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 9th August 1901.

P. clxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bournemouth Ludlow and South Shields. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. clxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Stockport. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. clxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Port of Manchester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Port).)

P. clxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Leeds and Lichfield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

P. clxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kirkcaldy and Dysart water. (Kirkcaldy and Dysart Water Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Boards for Barnes Hartlepool Manchester Merthyr Tydfil and Walthamstow to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Barnes, &c.).)

P. clxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barry Crompton Foots Cray Friern Barnet Isle of Thanet (Rural) Newbury Pudsey Ross Round-hay and Royton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. clxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Clydebank Crieff Dalkeith Dollar Falkirk Galashiels Gourock Jedburgh Melrose and Oban. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. clxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Alnwick Annfield Plain Benfieldside Consett Handsworth Norton Pickering St. Austell Shildon and East Thickley and Whitley and Monkseaton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. clxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bromsgrove Goole Ilkley Lyndhurst the extension of the area of supply of the Midland Electric Corporation for Power Distribution (Limited) Northwood and Ruislip Rickmansworth Rishton Great Harwood and Clayton-le-Moors and Warwick. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. clxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Lewisham and Penge. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. clxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Tramways and General). (Glasgow Corporation (Tramways and General) Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bexhill Burghead Carradale Elgin and Lossiemouth and Urr Navigation. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. clxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Birkdale Urban District Council Tramways Crompton Urban District Council Tramways Leamington Tramways Roy ton Urban District Council Tramways Swindon Corporation Tramways and Wrexham District Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. clxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Cheriton Urban District Council Tramways Colchester Corporation Tramways Hyde Corporation Tramway Littleborough Urban District Council Tramways and Middleton and Chadderton (Local Authorities) Tramway. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. clxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Coatbridge Tramways Folkestone Corporation Tramways Glossop Electric Tramways Hopeman Tramway Weston-super-Mare Tramways and West Riding Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. clxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation. (Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Stirling Corporation. (Stirling Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. clxxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kilmarnock Corporation. (Kilmarnock Corporation Order Confirmation.)

clxxxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Wigan in regard to the construction of tramways and street improvements and in regard to their electric lighting undertaking and for other purposes. (Wigan Corporation.)

clxxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the North British Railway Company in connection with their undertaking to authorise the widening of portions of their Monkland Railway and the construction of new railways to authorise the said Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

clxxxix. An Act to empower the South Metropolitan Gas Company to raise additional capital and to purchase by agreement so much of the southern portion of the undertaking of the Gas Light and Coke Company as is situate in the county of London south of the Thames and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Gas.)

cxc. An Act to authorise the sale of certain churches vicarage houses and schools in the City of Leeds and the application of the proceeds of sale to Church purposes within the said city to provide for the alteration of ecclesiastical parishes or districts in the said city and for other purposes. (Leeds Churches.)

cxci. An Act for empowering the Worcester Tramways Limited to construct new tramways in lieu of their existing tramways and to work the same by mechanical power and for other purposes. (Worcester Tramways.)

cxcii. An Act to confer powers on the Corporation of Chester to reconstruct the existing tramways in the City of Chester to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the city to work tramways and for other purposes. (Chester Corporation.)

cxciii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester with reference to the construction of tramways and streets and the acquisition and appropriation of lands and with respect to children trading in the streets and other matters affecting the health and good government of the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

cxciv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Long Eaton Gas Company. (Long Eaton Gas.)

cxcv. An Act to constitute and incorporate a joint board consisting of representatives of the Corporations of Stalybridge Hyde Mossley and Dukinfield and to authorise the board to construct and work tramways and to supply electrical energy within the boroughs of Stalybridge Hyde Mossley and Dukinfield and for other purposes. (Stalybridge Hyde Mossley and Dukinfield Tramways and Electricity Board.)

cxcvi. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Wells to purchase the undertaking of the Wells Water Company Limited to construct additional waterworks and to supply water within their city and the neighbourhood thereof and for other purposes. (Wells Corporation Water.)

cxcvii. An Act to provide for a re-arrangement of the share capital of the Albion Steam Coal Company Limited and for other purposes. (Albion Steam Coal Company Limited.)

cxcviii. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Stockport to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation Water.)

cxcix. An Act for extending and amending the leasing powers of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London Governors of the possessions revenues and goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth called Bridewell and for conferring on them other powers for the management and development of their estates and for confirming certain leases granted by them. (Bridewell Hospital.)

cc. An Act to empower the Freshwater Yarmouth and Newport Railway Company to capitalise interest in arrear on Debenture Stocks and for other purposes. (Freshwater Yarmouth and Newport Railway.)

cci. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York to construct additional tramways and street improvements and to extend their gas works and to make further provision for the health and good government of the city and for other purposes. (Bradford Corporation.)

ccii. An Act for authorising the construction of a dock sea walls railways and other works adjoining the existing docks at Grimsby in the County of Lincoln to be called the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock and for other purposes. (Humber Commercial Railway and Dock.)

cciii. An Act to confer further powers upon the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Tilbury and Southend Railway.)

cciv. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Paisley and to make further provision for the regulation of streets and buildings and the police and public health administration of the burgh and for other purposes. (Paisley Police and Public Health.)

ccv. An Act to amend section four of the Central London Railway Act 1899 and to authorise the raising of further capital and for other purposes. (London Railway.)

ccvi. An Act to authorise the construction of certain new works for improving the Harbour of Dover the abandonment of certain authorised works the raising of further moneys by the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Dover Harbour.)

ccvii. An Act to authorise the South Essex Waterworks Company to construct further works to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes. (South Essex Waterworks.)

ccviii. An Act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to make an extension railway to Cashel and a branch railway to the Curragh Siding to execute certain other works to acquire additional lands to transfer to and vest in the Company the undertakings of the Limerick and Kerry Railway Company and of the Kathkeale and Newcastle Junction Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western Railway.)

ccix. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Bournemouth to construct tramways within and beyond the borough to make certain street widenings and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Corporation.)

ccx. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Broadstairs and St. Peter’s in the county of Kent to purchase the undertaking of the Broadstairs Waterworks Company and to construct additional waterworks for the supply of their district and the parish of St. Peter Extra and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Broadstairs and St. Peter’s Water and Improvement.)

ccxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Golborne Gas Company. (Golborne Gas.)

ccxii. An Act to enlarge the powers of the Taff Yale Railway Company with reference to the acquisition of lands and the construction of works and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

ccxiii. An Act to authorise the sale and disposal of the site of Christ’s Hospital in the city of London. (Christ’s Hospital (London).)

ccxiv. An Act to confirm an agreement between the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and the lessees of the parsonage of Doncaster and certain other hereditaments comprised in an indenture of lease dated the 2nd day of June 1847 and to provide for the winding up of certain trusts connected therewith which were created by the Doncaster Tithe Deed of 1821 and for other purposes. (Doncaster Tithe Trust.)

ccxv. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Harrogate to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Harrogate Water.)

ccxvi. An Act to extend the limits of supply of and to confer further powers upon the Newport (Isle of Wight) Gas Company and for other purposes. (Newport (Isle of Wight) Gas.)

ccxvii. An Act to extend the powers of the Elland-cum-Greetland Gas Company to amend the Acts relating to that Company and for other purposes. (Elland Gas.)

cxviii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Barrow-in-Furness to make additional waterworks to make certain street works and to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Barrow-in-Furness Corporation.)

ccxix. An Act to make provision for the equalisation of rates as between the City of Dublin and the Urban Districts of Rathmines and Rathgar and of Pembroke adjoining the said city. (Dublin Rathmines and Rathgar and Pembroke (Equalisation of Rates).)

ccxx. An Act to empower the Metropolitan District Railway Company to provide for the conversion and adaptation of their railways for being worked by electrical power and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

ccxxi. An Act for supplying with gas the parish of Arlesey and other places in the county of Bedford. (Arlesey Gas.)

ccxxii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford to obtain from the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester a further supply of water in bulk for the township of Salford. (Salford Corporation.)

ccxxiii. An Act for extending the boundaries of the County Borough of Blackburn and to authorise the Corporation of that borough to reconstruct tramways and to construct new tramways in the borough to make street works to enlarge the town hall and erect an assembly room to erect a new sessions house police and fire brigade stations to borrow money and for other purposes. (Blackburn Corporation.)

ccxxiv. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Brighton to purchase the Brighton Aquarium and for other purposes. (Brighton Corporation.)

ccxxv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Clyde Valley Electrical Power Company. (Valley Electrical Power.)

ccxxvi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for the purchase of Troon Harbour for empowering them to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

ccxxvii. An Act to authorise the London and India Docks Company to construct a new dock and other works and for other purposes. (London and India Docks Company (New Works).)

ccxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited with respect to the supply of electrical energy and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Supply Company.)

ccxxix. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Rhyl to construct additional waterworks and to make further provision in regard to the health local government improvement and finance of the urban district and for other purposes. (Rhyl Improvement.)

ccxxx. An Act for making a railway in the West Riding of the county of York from the Great Central Railway at Shireoaks to Maltby and for other purposes. (Shireoaks Laughton and Maltby Railway.)

ccxxxi. An Act for authorising the City of Birmingham Tramways Company Limited to construct additional tramways and for other purposes. (City of Birmingham Tramways.)

ccxxxii. An Act to confirm the purchase of the undertaking of the Shipley Gaslight Company by the Urban District Council of Shipley to authorise the construction of tramways -cold air stores and street improvements to make further provision with regard to the water and electric light undertakings of the Council and the health and local government of the district. (Shipley Improvement.)

ccxxxiii. An Act to constitute a joint board representative of the Biggleswade Urban and Rural District Councils with power to construct waterworks and to make provision for the supply of water within the districts of those Councils and for other purposes. (Biggleswade Water.)

ccxxxiv. An Act for extending and amending the leasing powers of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London as masters guardians and governors of the house and hospital called Bethlem and for conferring on them other powers for the management and development of their estates and for confirming certain leases granted by them. (Bethlem Hospital.)

ccxxxv. An Act to confer further powers on the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company. (Easton and Church Hope Railway.)

ccxxxvi. An Act to empower the Heywood and Middleton Water Board to construct additional waterworks to repeal and amend enactments relating to the water undertaking of the Board and for other purposes. (Heywood and Middleton Water Board.)

ccxxxvii. An Act to enable the South Eastern Railway Company to make new works to acquire additional lands to provide for the application of capital of the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies to make further provisions as to the managing committee of those companies and for other purposes. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways.)

ccxxxviii. An Act to authorise the construction of tramways and a tramroad in the urban districts of Walker Wallsend Willington Quay and Gosforth the borough of Tynemouth and the parishes of Willington and Longbenton in the county of Northumberland and for other purposes. (Tyneside Tramways and Tramroad.)

ccxxxix. An Act for extending the time limited for acquisition of land and completion of works under the Cardiff Railway Acts 1897 1898 and 1899 for sanctioning an alteration of the levels of Railway No. 4 authorised by the Cardiff Railway Act 1897 for further empowering; the trustees of the will of the second Marquess of Bute to hold ordinary shares or stock in the capital of the Cardiff Railway Company and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

ccxl. An Act to enable the Cork Blackrock and Passage Railway Company to raise additional money to confer further powers on them in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Cork Blackrock and Passage Railway.)

ccxli. An Act to incorporate and confer powers on the South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company and for other purposes. (South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company's.)

ccxlii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cromer Water Company and to empower the Cromer Urban District Council to acquire the undertaking of that Company and for other purposes. (Cromer Water.)

ccxliii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Dover to make certain new streets to lay down a tramway and to confer further powers on the Corporation in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Dover Corporation.)

ccxliv. An Act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of Smethwick with respect to tramways and to their electric lighting and other undertakings to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Smethwick Corporation.)

ccxlv. An Act to empower the Corporation of Lowestoft to construct and work tramways and to construct street improvements and to make further provision in regard to the electric lighting undertaking of the Corporation and in regard to the seashore and recreation grounds in the borough the lands known as Lamp Lands and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Lowestoft Corporation.)

ccxlvi. An Act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Ripon to construct additional waterworks and to make other provision for the health and good government of the city. (Ripon Corporation.)

ccxlvii. An Act to dissolve the Harpenden Gas Light and Coke Company Limited and to incorporate and confer powers upon the Harpenden District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Harpenden District Gas.)

ccxlviii. An Act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Water Board consisting of representatives from the Councils of the borough of Southport the urban district of Birkdale and the rural district of West Lancashire all in the County Palatine of Lancaster and to transfer to and vest in such Board the undertaking of the Southport Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Southport Water (Transfer).)

Royal Assent, 17th August 1901.

ccxlix. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Aldeburgh to acquire the undertaking of the Aldeburgh Waterworks Company Limited and to construct waterworks and supply water and for other purposes. (Aldeburgh Corporation (Water).)

ccl. An Act to constitute a Joint Board representative of the Corporation of Ilkeston and the Heanor Urban District Council with power to acquire the undertaking of the Meerbrook Sough Company and to construct works for intercepting and distributing the waters of the Meerbrook Sough and for other purposes. (Ilkeston and Heanor Water.)

ccli. An Act to incorporate the West Cumberland Electric Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make tramways tramroads and street improvements and to erect generating stations and to supply electricity and for other purposes. (West Cumberland Electric Tramways.)

cclii. An Act to make certain provision with reference to the undertakings of the East and West Junction the Evesham Redditch and Stratford-upon-Avon Junction and the Stratford-upon-Avon Towcester and Midland Junction Railway Companies. (Midland Counties Junction Railways (Sale).)

ccliii. An Act to authorise the Swansea Harbour Trustees to make a new dock enlarge and extend the half-tide basin of the South Dock and construct new railways to extend the limits of the harbour and for other purposes. (Swansea Harbour.)

ccliv. An Act for making a railway in the county of Stafford from Wolverhampton to Great Wyrley and for other purposes. (Wolverhampton and Cannock Chase Railway.)

cclv. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Leeds to make street works and to lay down tramways and to make better provision in regard to the loans of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation (General Powers).)

cclvi. An Act to empower the Corporation of Leeds to make additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation Water.)

cclvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the South Lancashire Tramways Company for the construction of tramways and street improvements and for other purposes. (South Lancashire Tramways.)

cclviii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Stratton and Bude to purchase the undertaking of the Bude Harbour and Canal Company and to construct waterworks and supply water within their district and adjoining parishes and to make further and better provision for the local government of the district and for other purposes. (Stratton and Bude Improvement.)

cclix. An Act to provide for the purchase by the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company of the Derry Central Railway from the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland. (Belfast and Northern Counties Railway.)

cclx. An Act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways Limited for constructing tramways and widening and altering roads in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

cclxi. An Act to empower the Wallasey Urban District Council to construct a railway to their gasworks and to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the district and the borrowing of money and for other purposes. (Wallasey Improvement.)

cclxii. An Act for the acquisition of the undertaking of the Portmadoc Croesor and Beddgelert Tram Railway Company to construct railways and works in the parishes of Treflys Ynyscynhaiarn and Beddgelert in the county of Carnarvon and the parish of Llanfrothen in the county of Merioneth to produce store and supply electricity for public and private purposes and for other purposes. (Portmadoc Beddgelert and South Snowdon Railway.)

cclxiii. An Act for conferring further powers on the Weston-super-Mare Gaslight Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Gas.)

cclxiv. An Act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to construct an additional dock and railways and other works to extend the city and county of Bristol and for other purposes. (Bristol Docks and Railways.)

cclxv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Manchester and Liverpool Electric Express Railway Company. (Manchester and Liverpool Electric Express Railway.)

cclxvi. An Act to revive and extend the powers for the compulsory purchase of lands by the Llanelly Harbour and Burry Navigation Commissioners for the execution of works authorised by the Llanelly Harbour Act 1896 for the improvement of the port and harbour of Llanelly and to empower the said Commissioners to borrow moneys with the consent of the Urban District Council of Llanelly and for other purposes. (Llanelly Harbour.)

cclxvii. An Act to extend the boundaries of the Borough of Derby and to empower the Corporation to construct tramways additional waterworks sewerage and sewage disposal works street widenings and improvements to repeal sections 43 to 46 both inclusive of the Derby Corporation Act 1877 and to confer further powers in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Derby Corporation.)

cclxviii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Harrogate to construct certain street improvements and to make further provision in regard to the health and local government of the town. (Harrogate Corporation.)

cclxix. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Rugby in the County of Warwick to construct additional waterworks for the supply of their district and the parish of Bilton and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Rugby Water and Improvement.)

cclxx. An Act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Loch Leven Water and Electric Power Company to enable them to construct maintain and work waterworks and water power and electrical generating stations for the supply of electrical energy and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Loch Leven Water Power.)

cclxxi. An Act to enable the London County Council to construct new tramways and to reconstruct and alter tramways in the County of London to work tramways by electric traction and to make street improvements and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

cclxxii. An Act to empower the London County Council to make street improvements and works and to purchase lands in the Administrative County of London and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

cclxxiii. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Devonport to purchase the undertaking of the Devonport Gas and Coke Company and to supply gas within the Borough of Devonport and for other purposes. (Devonport Corporation (Gas).)

cclxxiv. An Act for making a railway between Winchester and Southampton to be called the Southampton and Winchester Great Western Junction Railway and for other purposes. (Southampton and Winchester Great Western Junction Railway.)

cclxxv. An Act for conferring further powers on the City and Brixton Railway Company. (City and Brixton Railway.)

cclxxvi. An Act to incorporate the Watford and District Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works and for other purposes. (Watford and District Tramways.)

P. cclxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Ashton-under-Lyne Corporation Tramways Denton Urban District Council Tramways Devonport Corporation Tramway Liverpool Corporation Tramways Extensions Northampton Corporation Tramways and Pontypridd Urban District Council Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cclxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

P. cclxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock Corporation (Greenock Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. cclxxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Berehaven. (and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cclxxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley District Tramways. (Paisley District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

205

TABLE III.

Showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 64 VICT. AND 1 EDW. 7.*

---

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 64 Vict. and 1 Edw. 7.*

56 Geo. 3. c. 46 -6&7 Will. 4. c. 86 Civil List Audit Births, Deaths, and Marriages -

1 & 2 Vict:c. 2 Civil List -

c. 56 Poor Law (I.)

5 & 6 Vict s c. 22 c. 106 Marshalsea and Palace Court -Fisheries (I.) -

12 & 13 Vict. c.l04 Poor Belief (I.)

15 & 16 Vict. c. 63 17 & !8 Vict. c.l03 24 & 25 Vict. c. 96 26 & 27 Vict. c. 1 27 & 28 Vict. c. 53 29 & 30 Vict.: c. 117 c. 118 Valuation (I.) -Towns Improvement (I.) -Larceny Annuity (Prince and Princess of Wales). Summary Procedure (S.) - Reformatory Schools Industrial Schools

31 & 32 Vict: c. 25 c. 59 Industrial Schools (I.) -Reformatory Schools (I.) -

c. 122 84 & 85 Vict, c. 22 Poor Law Amendment -Lunacy (I.) -

35 & 86 Vict. c. 62 36&S7 Vict. c. 86 87 & 38 Vict. c. 88 38 & 39 Vict. c. 55 Education (S.) -Elementary Education -Births and Deaths Registration -Public Health ...

c. 67 Lunatic Asylums (I.) *

39 & 40 Vict.: c. 35 Customs Duties

Continued - 4, s. 9 (2).

S. 7 amended and repealed 26.

in part; ss. 10, 11 rep.

Ss. 5, 6, 14 continued; rest 4, s. 9 (1) (3).

of Act repealed.

S. 70 applied to rates in 28, s. 4.

certain urban districts.

S. 5 continued 4, s. 9 (2).

Ss. 89, 96 applied with 38, s. 1 (5).

modifications.

S. 21 applied to rates in 28, s. 4.

certain urban districts.

S. 22 amended temp. 37, s. 1 (3).

Ss. 60 in part, 61 virt. rep. 28, s. 4.

Ss. 75, 76 repealed 10.

Repealed 4, 8. 9 (3).

8. 33 extended - 20, 8. 16 (d).

Ss. 25, 26, 28 amended 20, ss. 6, 9.

Ss. 12, 15, 19, 40 amended 20, ss. 1, 4 (2), 5, 6, 9.

Ss. 12, 13, 30 amended - 20, s. 17 (3).

S. 12 to "and provided 20, 88.15 (1), 17

also that " repealed} (4).

ss. 93, 24, amended.

S. 26 repealed - 26.

S. 2, the words "The 17, s. 4.

" Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, " to " unsound mind " am.

Ss. 69, 73 repealed 9, s. 4.

S. 14 amended - 20, s. 9.

S. 22 repealed in part - 26.

S. 91 restricted; 6s. 182- 22, ss. 1 (2),

186 applied. 2 (1), 15.

S. 16 extended to criminal 17, s. 3 (2).

and dangerous lunatics.

Sch. " (except in sugar) " 7, s. 2 (2).

repealed.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table, f Where not otherwise specified in this column, the chapter belongs to 1 Edw. 7.

206 Effect of Legislation.

[64 Vict. and 1 Edw. 7.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. Chapter of 64 Vict, and 1 Edw. 7.f

39 & 40 Vict.: c. 36 Customs Consolidation - Ss. 16, 100, 102 extended 7, §s. 8 (4), 7 (2),

41 & 42 Vict.: c. 16 Factory and Workshop - to coal; ss. 30, 104, 148 extended to coal with modifications; s. 20 rep.; ss. 40, 104, 106 amended. Repealed - 10 (4), Schi. II., IV. 22, 8. 161.

c. 52 Public Health (I.) S. 107 restricted; ss. 219- 22, s. 160 (11)

- c. 78 Education (S.) ... 223 applied. Ss. 5, 6 in part, 7 " herein- (13). 9, s. 4.

42 & 43 " Vict. c. 49 Summary Jurisdiction - before ", repealed. S. 29 extended 20, s. 10.

44 & 45 Vict.: c. 49 Land Law (1.) ... S. 5 (5) extended to Con- 34, s. 2.

c. 58 Army - - gested Districts Board. Amended - 2, ss. 4, 5.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 49 Militia ..... Applied to yeomanry with 14.

46 & 47 Vict.: c. 53 Factory and Workshop - modification of bs. 16, 27 and 28; s. 17 am. as to militia artillery. Repealed ... 22, 8. 161.

c. 56 Education (S.) ... Ss. 4, 6-8 rep. - 9, s. 4.

c. 57 Patents ... S. 103 amended 18.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 19 Summary Jurisdiction over S. 5 am.; Sch. virt. rep. - 20, s. 14.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 56 Children (I.). Intoxicating Liquors (Sale to Children). Purchase of Land (I.) Repealed - 27, s. 1.

52 & 53 Vict.: c. 13 Extended; s. 1 am. -; 30.

c. 35 Annuity (Prince of Wales’ Repealed - - 4, s. 9 (3).

c. 62 Children). Cotton Cloth Factories - Repealed 22, s. 161.

C. 74 Steam Trawling (I.) Amended; s. 3 (2) rep. - 38.

53 & 54 Vict.: c. 5 Lunacy ... Ss. 322 with modifications, 17, 8. 2.

c. 8 Customs and Inland Revenue - 324 applied to Ireland. S. 26 (1) amended- 7, s. 13.

54 & 55 Vict.: c. 22 Museums and Gymnasiums Extended to certain mn- 19, ss. 7, i3, 14.

c. 39 Stamp .... seums and to London; s. 2 (2) from u or" rep. S. 93 (2) (3) amended - 7, 8.11 (1).

c. 48 Purchase of Land (I.) S. 9 (1) amended - 8.

c. 75 Factory and Workshop - Ss. 1-7, 11, 13-41, Sch. 22, 8. 161.

55 & 56 Vict.: c. 53 Public Libraries II. rep.-; ss. 8-10, 12, Sch. I. rep. prospectively. S. 5 (1), am.; ss. 3 19, ss. 2 (1), 6, 9,

• (so far as inconsistent with repealing Act), 16 (1), 18 (2), (3) from "but", 27 from "the expression ‘ voter " to " mentioned ", Sch. I. repealed. 14.

f Where not otherwise specified in this column, the chapter belongs to 1 Edw. 7.

A.D. 1901. Effect of Legislation.

Statute Chapter

[Short Title.]

and Subject-matter or How affected. of 64 Vict. and

Chapter. 1 Edw. 7.1

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 55 Burgh Police (S.) Ss. 233, 236, 264, 269, 347, 363, am. As to certain burghs, ss. 232, 861, 24, ss. 4, 7.

362, 864 rep.; ss. 227,

56 & 57 Vict.: 340, 347 rep. in part.

c. 11 Public Libraries Extended to London 19, s. 13.

. c. 48 Reformatory Schools S. 4 rep. as to Ireland - 20, s. 15 (1).

c. 68 Isolation Hospitals S. 22 " at " to " annum ’’ rep.; ss. 8(3), 9, 10, 21, 22, 26 amended. Applied - 8.

c. 70 East India Loan - - 25, s. 7.

c. 73 Local Government S. 46 amended 19, s. 2 (2).

57 & 58 Vict. c. 30 Finance - S. 38 applied 7, s. 12 (4).

c. 33 Industrial Schools Extended to Ireland with 20, s. 15 (2).

53 & 59 Vict.: modifications.

c. 35 Naval Works - S. 5 applied 39.

c. 37 59 & 60 Vict: Factory and Workshop - Ss. 1-11, 13-23, 24 (1), (2), (4)-(7), 25-27, 29-56, Schedules, rep.; ss. 12, 24 (3), 28 rep. prospectively. 22, s. 161.

c. 6 Naval Works - Ss. 3, 5 applied - 39.

c. 16 Agricultural Rates Continued; s. 1 " that " 13.

to " paesing of this Act " repealed.

c. 37 Agricultural Rates (S.) - Continued 13.

c. 47 Land Law (I.) - S. 43 (2) amended - 3.

c. 48 60 & 61 Vict.: Light Railways - - S. 1 (6) applied - 36.

c. 7 Military Works - Ss. 1 (2) (3), 2 applied - 40.

c. 88 Public Health (S.) Extended, except ss. 122, 131, to certain burghs. 24, 83. 5, 6, 7.

as regards sewerage, drainage and water supply, with modifications; ss. 147, 261 am.; ss. 101, 113, 183, 134,

137 rep. as to certain burghs.

Ss. 183-187 applied 22, s. 159 (16).

c. 58 Cotton Cloth Factories - Repealed 22, s. 161.

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 37 Local Government (I.) Ss. 54 (11), 56 (2), 57 (2), 28, SB. 1, 2, 3.

71 amended.

c. 58 Libraries Offences Extended to certain museums, art galleries and schools. 19, s. 4.

c. 56 Local Taxation Account (S.) - Continued 13.

62 & 63 Vict.:

c. 17 Tithe Rentcharge (Rates) Continued - - 13.

c. 18 Congested Districts Board (1.) - S. 4 (1) repealed 3.

63 & 64 Vict.:

C. 2 War Loan ... S. 4 am. as to Supple- 64 Vict. c. 1.

mental War Loan.

c. 7 Finance ... Ss. 2-7, 16, 17 continued; 7, ss. 4, 6, 10, 14.

ss. 2, 6 am.; s. 8 rep.

c. 27 Railway Employment (Acci- S. 13 (3) rep. in part 22, s. 161.

dents).

c. 31 Isle of Man (Customs Ss. 1, 2 in part, continued 32.

c. 63 Local Government (I.) S. 3 (8) repealed - 28, s. 1.

t Where not otherwise specified in this column, the chapter belongs to 1 Edw. 7.

---

[Table of local acts in classes removed.]

[Index removed.]

