THE

LAW REPORTS.

The Public General Statutes,

PASSED IN THE SECOND AND THIRD YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE FIFTH.

1912-13.

VOL. L.

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE, Limited,

FOR

FREDERICK ATTERBURY, Esq.; C.B.,

KING’S PRINTER OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT,

And Published by the Council of Law Reporting

10, OLD SQUARE, LINCOLN’S INN, W.C. 2.

1913.

CONTENTS.

Table Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - iii

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session Arranged According to Chapter - 147

IIa. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session Arranged Alphabetically - 167

III. Table showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation on Public General Acts - 172

IV. Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 175

V. Index to the Public General Acts - 187

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Second Session of the Thirtieth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

2 & 3 GEORGE 5. A.D. 1912.13.

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eleven, one thousand nine hundred and twelve, and one thousand nine hundred and thirteen. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

2. An Act to provide a Minimum Wage in the case of Workmen employed underground in Coal Mines (including Mines of Stratified Ironstone), and for purposes incidental thereto. (Coal Mines (Minimum Wage).)

3. An Act to consolidate the Shops Regulation Acts, 1892 to 1911. (Shops.)

4. An Act to amend section twenty-three of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1829, with respect to the Limit imposed by that section as amended by subsequent enactments on the Amount to be provided annually for the purposes of the Metropolitan Police. (Metropolitan Police.)

5. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).)

6. An Act to make such amendments in the Law relating to the Government of India as are consequential on the appointment of a separate Governor of Fort William in Bengal, and other administrative changes in the local government of India. (Government of India.)

7. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

8. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year. (Finance.)

9. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

10. An Act to make such provisions with respect to the prohibition of catching Seals and Sea Otters in certain parts of the Pacific Ocean, and for the enforcement of such prohibitions as are necessary to carry out a Convention between His Majesty the King and the United States of America, the Emperor of Japan, and the Emperor of All the Russias. (Seal Fisheries (North Pacific).)

11. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.)

12. An Act to amend the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, as originally enacted and as applied by any other Act. (Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation).)

13. An Act to provide for the transfer to the Commissioners of Works of certain property of the London Institution for the purposes of a School of Oriental Studies, and for the dissolution of the Institution, and for purposes in connection therewith. (London Institution (Transfer).)

14. An Act to consolidate and amend enactments relating to Animals and Knackers; and to make further provision with respect thereto. (Protection of Animals (Scotland).)

15. An Act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages solemnized in the Empire of Japan. (Marriages in Japan (Validity).)

16. An Act to make provision for the Acquisition of Property for the Extension of the Royal Scottish Museum at Edinburgh. (Royal Scottish Museum (Extension).)

17. An Act to amend the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, in respect of its Imprisonment Penalty. (Protection of Animals Act (1911) Amendment.)

18. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

19. An Act to continue and amend the Light Railways Act, 1896. (Light Railways.)

20. An Act to amend the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, the Vagrancy Act, 1898, and the Immoral Traffic (Scotland) Act, 1902. (Criminal Law Amendment.)

21. An Act to remove doubts as to the effect of sub-section (2) of section forty-two of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908, and the enactments re-enacted in that subsection. (Agricultural Holdings.)

22. An Act to amend the Aerial Navigation Act, 1911. (Aerial Navigation.)

23. An Act to reduce the number of Principal Clerks of the Court of Sessions in Scotland. (Clerks of Session (Scotland) Regulation.)

24. An Act to amend the Shops Act, 1912, in its application to premises for the sale of refreshments. (Shops.)

25. An Act to prevent the Spread and provide for the Treatment of Tuberculosis; and for other purposes connected therewith. (Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland).)

26. An Act to amend subsection (1) of section five of the Pensions (Governors of Dominions, &c.) Act, 1911, with respect to service in British Protectorates and other like service. (Pensions (Governors of Dominions, &c.) Amendment.)

27. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation (1912-3).)

28. An Act to amend the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907. (Sheriff Courts (Scotland).)

29. An Act to amend Section One of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1894, with respect to increases of rates or charges made for the purpose of meeting a rise in the cost of working a railway due to improved labour conditions. (Railway and Canal Traffic.)

30. An Act to amend the Law with respect to the objects and powers of Trade Unions. (Trade Union.)

31. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Pilotage. (Pilotage.)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

2 &3 George 5.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eleven, one thousand nine hundred and twelve, and one thousand nine hundred and thirteen.

[28th March 1912.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and r be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Issue of 241,117l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the years ending 31st March 1911 and 1912.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eleven and one thousand nine hundred and twelve, the sum of two hundred and forty-one thousand one hundred and seventeen pounds.

[Issue of 59, 072,100l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1913.]

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen the sum of fifty-nine million seventy-two thousand one hundred pounds.

[Power for the Treasury to borrow.]

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the

2 Ch. 1, 2. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

whole fifty-nine million three hundred and thirteen thousand two hundred and seventeen pounds.

[40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.]

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1912.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to provide a Minimum Wage in the case of Workmen employed underground in Coal Mines (including Mines of Stratified Ironstone), and for purposes incidental thereto.

[29th March 1912.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Minimum wage for workmen employed underground in coal mines.]

1. — (1) It shall be an implied term of every contract for the employment of a workman underground in a coal mine that the employer shall pay to that workman wages at not less than the minimum rate settled under this Act and applicable to that workman, unless it is certified in manner provided by the district rules that the workman is a person excluded under the district rules from the operation of this provision, or that the workman has forfeited the right to wages at the minimum rate by reason of his failure to comply with the conditions with respect to the regularity or efficiency of the work to be performed by workmen laid down by those rules; and any agreement for the payment of wages in so far as it is in contravention of this provision shall be void.

For the purposes of this Act, the expression "district rules" means rules made under the powers given by this Act by the joint district board.

(2) The district rules shall lay down conditions, as respects the district to which they apply, with respect to the exclusion from the right to wages at the minimum rate of aged workmen

1912. Coal Mines (Minimum Wage) Act, 1912. Ch. 2. 3

and infirm workmen (including workmen partially disabled by illness or accident), and shall lay down conditions with respect to the regularity and efficiency of the work to be performed by the workmen, and with respect to the time for which a workman is to be paid in the event of any interruption of work due to an emergency, and shall provide that a workman shall forfeit the right to wages at the minimum rate if he does not comply with conditions as to regularity and efficiency of work, except in cases where the failure to comply with the conditions is due to some cause over which he has no control.

The district rules shall also make provision with respect to the persons by whom and the mode in which any question, whether any workman in the district is a workman to whom the minimum rate of wages is applicable, or whether a workman has complied with the conditions laid down by the rules, or whether a workman who has not complied with the conditions laid down by the rules has forfeited his right to wages at the minimum rate, is to be decided, and for a certificate being given of any such decision for the purposes of this section.

(3) The provisions of this section as to payment of wages at a minimum rate shall operate as from the date of the passing of this Act, although a minimum rate of wages may not have been settled, and any sum which would have been payable under this section to a workman on account of wages if a minimum rate had been settled may be recovered by the workman from his employer at any time after the rate is settled.

[Settlement of minimum rates of wages and district rules.]

2. — (1) Minimum rates of wages and district rules for the purposes of this Act shall be settled separately for each of the districts named in the Schedule to this Act by a body of persons recognised by the Board of Trade as the joint district board for that district.

Nothing in this Act shall prejudice the operation of any agreement entered into or custom existing before the passing of this Act for the payment of wages at a rate higher than the minimum rate settled under this Act, and in settling any minimum rate of wages the joint district board shall have regard to the average daily rate of wages paid to the workmen of the class for which the minimum rate is to be settled.

(2) The Board of Trade may recognise as a joint district board for any district any body of persons, whether existing at the time of the passing of this Act or constituted for the purposes of this Act, which in the opinion of the Board of Trade fairly and adequately represents the workmen in coal mines in the district and the employers of those workmen, and the chairman of which is an independent person appointed by agreement between the persons representing the workmen and employers respectively on the body, or in default of agreement by the Board of Trade.

The Board of Trade may, as a condition of recognizing as a joint district board for the purposes of this Act any body the

4 Ch. 2. Coal Mines (Minimum Wage) Act, 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

rules of which do not provide for securing equality of voting power between the members representing workmen and the members representing employers and for giving the chairman a casting vote in case of difference between the two classes of members, require that body to adopt any such rule as the Board of Trade may approve for the purpose, and any rule so adopted shall be deemed to be a rule governing the procedure of the body for the purposes of this Act.

(3) The joint district board of a district shall settle general minimum rates of wages and general district rules for their district (in this Act referred to as general district minimum rates and general district rules), and the general district minimum rates and general district rules shall be the rates and rules applicable throughout the whole of the district to all coal mines in the district and to all workmen or classes of workmen employed underground in those mines, other than mines to which and workmen to whom a special minimum rate or special district rules settled under the provisions of this Act is or are applicable, or mines to which and workmen to whom the joint district board declare that the general district rates and general district rules shall not be applicable pending the decision of the question whether a special district rate or special district rules ought to be settled in their case.

(4) The joint district board of any district may, if it is shown to them that any general district minimum rate or general district rules are not applicable in the case of any group or class of coal mines within the district, owing to the special circumstances of the group or class of mines, settle a special minimum rate (either higher or lower than the general district rate) or special district rules (either more or less stringent than the general district rules) for that group or class of mines, and any such special rate or special rules shall be the rate or rules applicable to that group or class of mines instead of the general district minimum rate or general district rules.

(5) For the purpose of settling minimum rates of wage, the joint district board may subdivide their district into two parts or, if the members of the joint district board representing the workmen and the members representing the employers agree, into more than two parts, and in that case each part of the district as so subdivided shall, for the purpose of the minimum rate, be treated as the district.

(6) For the purpose of settling district rules, any joint district boards may agree that their districts shall be treated as one district, and in that case those districts shall be treated for that purpose as one combined district, with a combined district committee appointed as may be agreed between the joint district boards concerned, and the chairman of such one of the districts forming the combination as may be agreed upon between the joint district boards concerned, or, in default of agreement, determined by the Board of Trade, shall be the chairman of the combined district committee.

1912. Coal Mines (Minimum Wage) Act, 1912. Ch. 2. 5

[Revision of minimum rates of wages and district rules.]

3. — (1) Any minimum rate of wages or district rules settled under this Act shall remain in force until varied in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(2) The joint district hoard of a district shall have power to vary any minimum rate of wages or district rules for the time being in force in their district —

(a) at any time by agreement between the members of the joint district board representing the workmen and the members representing the employers; and

(b) after one year has elapsed since the rate or rules were last settled or varied, on an application made (with three months’ notice given after the expiration of the year) by any workmen or employers, which appears to the joint district board to represent any considerable body of opinion amongst either the workmen or the employers concerned; and the provisions of this Act as to the settlement of minimum rates of wages or district rules shall, so far as applicable, apply to the variation of any such rate or rules.

[Provision for bringing Act into operation, &c.]

4. — (1) If within two weeks after the passing of this Act a joint district board has not been recognised by the Board of Trade for any district, or if at any time after the passing of this Act any occasion arises for the exercise or performance in any district of any power or duty under this Act by the joint district board, and there is no joint district board for the district, the Board of Trade may, either forthwith or after such interval as may seem to them necessary or expedient, appoint such person as they think fit to act in the place of the joint district board, and, while that appointment continues, this Act shall be construed, so far as respects that district, as if the person so appointed were substituted for the joint district board.

The Board of Trade in any such case where it appears to them that the necessity for the exercise of their powers under this provision arises from the failure of the employers to appoint members to represent employers on a board when the workmen are willing to appoint members to represent workmen, or from the failure of the workmen to appoint members to represent workmen on a board when the employers are willing to appoint members to represent employers, may, if they think fit, instead of appointing a person to act in place of the joint district board, appoint such persons as they think fit to represent the employers or the workmen, as the case may be, who have failed to appoint members to represent them; and in that case the members so appointed by the Board of Trade shall be deemed to be members of the board representing employers or workmen as the case requires.

(2) If the joint district board within three weeks after the time at which it has been recognised under this Act for any district fail to settle the first minimum rates of wages and district rules in that district, or if the joint district board,

6 Ch. 2. Coal Mines (Minimum Wage) Act, 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

within three weeks after the expiration of a notice for an application under this Act to vary any minimum rate of wages or district rules fail to deal with the application, the chairman of the joint district board shall settle the rates or rules or deal with the application, as the case may be, in place of the joint district hoard, and any minimum rate of wages or district rules settled by him shall have the same effect for the purposes of this Act as if they had been settled by the joint district board:

Provided that, if the members of the joint district board representing the workmen and the members representing the employers agree, or if the chairman of the joint district board directs, that a specified period longer than three weeks shall for the purposes of this subsection be substituted for three weeks, this subsection shall have effect as if that specified period were therein substituted for three weeks.

[Interpretation, and provision as to chairman.]

5. — (1) In this Act —

The expression "coal mine" includes a mine of stratified ironstone;

The expression "workman" means any person employed in a coal mine below ground other than —

(a) a person so employed occasionally or casually only; or

(b) a person so employed solely in surveying or measuring; or

(c) a person so employed as mechanic; or

(d) the manager or any under-manager of the mine; or

(e) any other official of the mine whose position in the mine is recognised by the joint district board as being a position different from that of a workman.

(2) If it is thought fit by any persons when appointing a chairman for the purposes of this Act, or by the Board of Trade when so appointing a chairman, the office of chairman may be committed to three persons, and in that case those three persons acting by a majority shall be deemed to be the chairman for the purposes of this Act.

[Short title and duration.]

6. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Coal Mines (Minimum Wage) Act, 1912.

(2) This Act shall continue in force for three years from the date of the passing thereof and no longer, unless Parliament shall otherwise determine.

[Section 2.]

SCHEDULE.

Districts.

Northumberland.

Durham.

Cumberland.

1912. Coal Mines (Minimum Wage) Act, 1912. Ch. 2, 3. 7

Lancashire and Cheshire.

South Yorkshire.

West Yorkshire.

Cleveland.

Derbyshire (exclusive of South Derbyshire).

South Derbyshire.

Nottinghamshire.

Leicestershire.

Shropshire.

North Staffordshire.

South Stafford (exclusive of Cannock Chase) and East Worcestershire.

Cannock Chase.

Warwickshire.

Forest of Dean.

Bristol.

Somerset.

North Wales.

South Wales, including Monmouth.

The mainland of Scotland.

Where a mine, though situate in one of these districts, has for industrial purposes been customarily dealt with in the same manner as a mine situate in an adjoining district, that mine shall for the purposes of this Act be treated as situate in the latter district, if the joint district boards of the two districts so agree.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to consolidate the Shops Regulation Acts, 1892 to 1911.

[29th March 1912.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Conditions of Employment.

[Hours of employment and meal times.]

1. — (1) On at least one week day in each week a shop assistant shall not be employed about the business of a shop employment after half-past one o’clock in the afternoon:

Provided that this provision shall not apply to the week preceding a bank holiday if the shop assistant is not employed on the bank holiday, and if on one week day in the following week in addition to the bank holiday the employment of the shop assistant ceases not later than half-past one o’clock in the afternoon.

(2) The occupier of a shop shall fix, and shall specify in a notice in the prescribed form, which must be affixed in the shop in such manner and at such time as may be prescribed, the day of the week on which his shop assistants are not employed after half-past one o’clock, and may fix different days for different shop assistants.

8 Ch. 3. Shops Act, 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

(3) Intervals for meals shall be allowed to each shop assistant in accordance with the First Schedule to this Act:

Provided that this provision shall not apply to a shop if the only persons employed as shop assistants are members of the family of the occupier of the shop, maintained by him and dwelling in his house.

(4) In the case of any contravention of, or failure to comply with, the provisions of this section, the occupier of the shop shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and shall be liable to a fine not exceeding —

(a) in the case of a first offence, one pound;

(b) in the case of a second offence, five pounds; and

(c) in the case of a third or subsequent offence, ten pounds —

unless, in the case of a shop assistant employed after half-past one o’clock in contravention of this section, he proves that the shop assistant was employed merely for the purpose of serving a customer whom he was serving at that time, or, where the time of the closing of the shop was also half-past one o’clock, that the shop assistant was employed merely for the purpose of serving customers who were in the shop at that time.

[Hours of employment of young persons.]

2. — (1) No person under the age of eighteen years (in this Act referred to as a "young person") shall be employed in or about a shop for a longer period than seventy-four hours, including meal times, in any one week.

(2) No young person shall, to the knowledge of the occupier of the shop, be employed in or about a shop —

[1 Edw. 7. c. 22.]

(a) having been previously on the same day employed in any factory or workshop, as defined by the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, for the number of hours permitted by that Act; or

(b) for a longer period than will, together with the time during which he has been previously employed on the same day in a factory or workshop, complete such number of hours as aforesaid.

(3) In every shop in which a young person is employed a notice shall be kept exhibited by the occupier of the shop in a conspicuous place referring to the provisions of this section and stating the number of hours in the week during which a young person may lawfully be employed in or about the shop.

(4) Where a young person is employed in or about a shop contrary to the provisions of this section, the occupier of the shop shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and liable to a fine not exceeding one pound, or, where more than one young person is so employed, one pound for each young person, and, if the occupier of a shop fails to comply with the provisions of this section with respect to notices, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

1912. Shops Act, 1912. Ch. 3. 9

(5) This section shall apply to wholesale shops, and to warehouses in which assistants are employed for hire, in like manner as if they were shops within the meaning of this Act, and the provisions of sections thirteen and fourteen of this Act shall, for the purposes of the enforcement of this section, be construed accordingly.

(6) This section shall not apply to any person wholly employed as a domestic servant.

[Seats for female shop-assistants.]

3. — (1) In all rooms of a shop where female shop-assistants are employed in the serving of customers, the occupier of the shop shall provide seats behind the counter, or in such other position as may be suitable for the purpose, and such seats shall

be in the proportion of not less than one seat to every three female shop-assistants employed in each room.

(2) Any person failing to comply with the provisions of this section shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and liable for a first offence to a fine not exceeding three pounds, and for a second or subsequent offence to a fine not less than one pound and not exceeding five pounds.

Closing of Shops.

[Closing of shops on weekly half-holiday.]

4. — (1) Every shop shall, save as otherwise provided by this Act, be closed for the serving of customers not later than one o’clock in the afternoon on one week day in every week.

(2) The local authority may, by order, fix the day on which a shop is to be so closed (in this Act referred to as "the weekly half-holiday") and any such order may either fix the same day for all shops, or may fix —

(a) different days for different classes of shops; or

(b) different days for different parts of the district; or

(c) different days for different periods of the year:

Provided that —

(i) where the day fixed is a day other than Saturday, the order shall provide for enabling Saturday to be substituted for such other day; and

(ii) where the day fixed is Saturday, the order shall provide for enabling some other day specified in the order to be substituted for Saturday; as respects any shop in which notice to that effect is affixed by the occupier, and that no such order shall be made unless the local authority, after making such inquiry as may be prescribed, are satisfied that the occupiers of a majority of each of the several classes of shops affected by the order approve the order.

(3) Unless and until such an order is made affecting a shop, the weekly half-holiday as respects the shop shall be such day as the occupier may specify in a notice affixed in the shop, but it shall not be lawful for the occupier of the shop to change the day oftener than once in any period of three months.

10 Ch. 3. Shops Act, 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

(4) Where the local authority have reason to believe that a majority of the occupiers of shops of any particular class in any area are in favour of being exempted from the provisions of this section, either wholly or by fixing as the closing hour instead of one o’clock some other hour not later than two o’clock, the local authority, unless they consider that the area in question is unreasonably small, shall take steps to ascertain the wishes of such occupiers, and, if they are satisfied that, a majority of the occupiers of such shops are in favour of the exemption, or, in the case of a vote being taken, that at least one half of the votes recorded by the occupiers of shops within the area of the class in question are in favour of the exemption, the local authority shall make an order exempting the shops of that class within the area from the provisions of this section either wholly or to such extent as aforesaid.

(5) Where a shop is closed during the whole day on the occasion of a bank holiday, and that day is not the day fixed for the weekly half-holiday, it shall be lawful for the occupier of the shop to keep the shop open for the serving of customers after the hour at which it is required under this section to be closed either on the half-holiday immediately preceding, or on the half-holiday immediately succeeding, the bank holiday.

(6) This section shall not apply to any shop in which the only trade or business carried on is trade or business of any of the classes mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, but the local authority may, by order made and revocable in the manner hereinafter provided with respect to closing orders, extend the provisions of this section to shops of any class exempted under this provision if satisfied that the occupiers of at least two-thirds of the shops of that class approve the order.

(7) In the case of any contravention of or failure to comply with any of the provisions of this section, the occupier of the shop shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and shall be liable to a fine not exceeding —

(a) in the case of a first offence, one pound;

(b) in the case of a second offence, five pounds; and

(c) in the case of a third or subsequent offence, ten pounds:

Provided that the occupier of a shop shall not be guilty of an offence against this Act when a customer is served at any time at which the shop is required to be closed under this section if he proves either that the customer was in the shop before the time when the shop was required to be closed, or that there was reasonable ground for believing that the article supplied to the customer was required in the case of illness.

(8) Nothing in this section shall prevent customers from being served at a time when the shop in which they are sold is required to be closed with victuals, stores, or other necessaries for a ship, on her arrival at or immediately before her departure from a port.

1912. Shops Act, 1912. Ch. 3. 11

[Closing orders.]

5. — (1) An order (in this Act referred to as "a closing order") made by a local authority, and confirmed by the Secretary of State in manner provided by this Act, may fix the hours on the several days of the week at which, either throughout the area of the local authority or in any specified part thereof, all shops or shops of any specified class are to be closed for serving customers.

(2) The hour fixed by a closing order (in this Act referred to as " the closing hour ") shall not be earlier than seven o’clock in the evening on any day of the week.

(3) The order may —

(a) define the shops and trades to which the order applies; and

(b) authorise sales after the closing hour in cases of emergency and in such other circumstances as may be specified or indicated in the order; and

(c) contain any incidental, supplemental, or consequential provisions which may appear necessary or proper.

(4) Nothing in a closing order shall apply to any shop in which the only trade or business carried on is trade or business of any of the classes mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(5) If any person contravenes the provisions of a closing order, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and liable to a fine not exceeding —

(a) in the case of a first offence, one pound;

(b) in the case of a second offence, five pounds; and

(c) in the case of a third or subsequent offence, twenty pounds:

Provided that nothing in this section or in any closing order shall render a person liable to any penalty for serving after the closing hour any customer who was in the shop before the closing hour.

[Procedure for making orders.]

6. — (1) Whenever a local authority are satisfied that a prima facie case is made out for making a closing order, the authority shall give public notice in the prescribed manner and in the prescribed form of their intention to make an order, specifying therein a period (not being less than the prescribed period) within which objections may be made to the making of the proposed order, and, if after taking into consideration any objections they may have received the local authority are satisfied that it is expedient to make the order and that the occupiers of at least two-thirds in number of the shops to be affected by the order approve the order, they may make the order.

(2) Notice of the provisions of the order shall be given, and copies thereof shall be supplied in the prescribed manner, and the order shall be submitted to the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State shall consider any objections to the order, and may either disallow the order or confirm the order with or without amendment.

12 Ch. 3. Shops Act, 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

(3) As soon as the Secretary of State has confirmed any order, the order shall become final and have the effect of an Act of Parliament:

Provided that every closing order shall be laid before each House of Parliament as soon as may be after it is confirmed, and, if an address is presented to His Majesty by either House within the next subsequent forty days on which that House has sat after any such order is laid before it praying that the order may be cancelled, His Majesty in Council may annul the order, and any order so annulled shall thenceforth become void and of no effect, but without prejudice to any proceedings which may in the meantime have been taken under the order and without prejudice to the power of making any new closing order.

---

Local inquiries

7. — (1) Where it appears to the Secretary of State, on the

o^promotSg^ ^presentation of the local authority or a joint representation and facilitate from a substantial number of occupiers of shops and shop ing early assistants in the area of the local authority, that it is expedient c osing. agcer^ajn ^he extent to which there is a demand for early

closing in any locality, and to promote and facilitate the making of a closing order therein, the Secretary of State may appoint a competent person to hold a local inquiry.

(2) If, after holding such an inquiry and conferring with the local authority, it appears to the person holding the inquiry that it is expedient that a closing order should be made, he shall prepare a draft order and submit it to the Secretary of State together with his report thereon.

(3) If the Secretary of State, after considering the draft order and report, and any representations which the local authority may have made in respect thereof, is of opinion that it is desirable that a closing order should be made, he may communicate his decision to the local authority, and thereupon there shall be deemed to be a prima facie case for making a closing order in accordance with the terms of the draft order, subject to such modifications (if any) as the Secretary of State may think fit.

(4) The person who held the inquiry shall, if so directed by the Secretary of State on the application of the local authority, assist and co-operate with the local authority in taking the steps preliminary to making the order.

Revocation of 8. The Secretary of State may, at any time on the application closing orders. of ^he ]oca] authority, revoke a closing order either absolutely or so far as it affects any particular class of shops, and, if at any time it is made to appear to the satisfaction of the local authority that the occupiers of a majority of any class of shops to which a closing order applies are opposed to the continuance of the order, the local authority shall apply to the Secretary of State to revoke the order in so far as it affects that class of shops, but any such revocation shall be without prejudice to the making of any new closing order.

1912.

Shops Act, 1912.

Gii. 3.

13

Provisions with respect to Special Classes of Trade or Business.

9. It shall not be lawful in any locality to carry on in any place not being a shop retail trade or business of any class at any time when it would be unlawful in that locality to keep a shop open for the purposes of retail trade or business of that class, and, if any person carries on any trade or business in contravention of this section, this Act shall apply as if he were the occupier of a shop and the shop were being kept open in contravention of this Act:

Provided that —

(a) the prohibition imposed by this section shall, as respects any day other than the weekly half-holiday, be subject to such exemptions and conditions (if any) as may be contained in closing orders; and (h) nothing in this section shall be construed as preventing a barber or hairdresser from attending a customer in the customer’s residence, or the holding of an auction sale of private effects in a private dwelling-house; and

(e) nothing in this section shall apply to the sale of newspapers.

10. — (1) Where several trades or businesses are carried on in the same shop, and any of those trades or businesses is of such a nature that, if it were the only trade or business carried on in the shop, the shop would be exempt from the obligation to be closed on the weekly half-holiday, the exemption shall apply to the shop so far as the carrying on of that trade or business is concerned, subject, however, to such conditions as may be prescribed.

(2) Where several trades and businesses are carried on in the same shop and any of those trades or businesses are of such a nature that if they were the only trades or businesses carried on in the shop a closing order would not apply to the shop, the shop may be kept open after the closing hour for the purposes of those trades and businesses alone, but on such terms and under such conditions as may be specified in the order.

(3) Where several trades or businesses are carried on in the same shop, the local authority may require the occupier of the shop to specify which trade or business he considers to be his principal trade or business, and no trade or.business other than that so specified shall, for the purpose of determining a majority under this Act, be considered as carried on in the shop unless the occupier of the shop satisfies the local authority that it forms a substantial part of the business carried on in the shop.

11. — (1) In places frequented as holiday resorts during certain seasons of the year the local authority may by order suspend, for such period or periods as may be specified in the order, not exceeding in the aggregate four months in any year, the obligation imposed by this Act to close shops on the weekly half-holiday.

Provisions as to trading elsewhere than in shops.

Provisions as respects shops where more than one business is carried on.

Special provisions as to holiday resorts.

14

Ch. 3 *

Shops Act, 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

Application to Post Office business.

Powers and duties of local authorities.

(2) Where the occupier of any shop in any place in which any such order of suspension is in force satisfies the local authority that it is the practice to allow all his shop assistants a holiday on full pay of not less than two weeks in every year, and keeps affixed in his shop a notice to that effect, the requirement that on one day in each week a shop assistant shall not be employed after half-past one o’clock shall not apply to the shop during such period or periods as aforesaid.

12. — (1) Where Post Office business is carried on in any shop in addition to any other business, this Act shall apply to that shop subject to the following modifications:—

(a) If the shop is a telegraph office, the obligation to close on the weekly half-holiday shall not apply to the shop so far as relates to the transaction of Post Office business thereat:

(6) Where the Postmaster-General certifies that the exigencies of the postal service require that Post Office business should be transacted in any such shop at times when under the provisions of this Act relating to the weekly half-holiday the shop would be required to be closed, or under conditions not authorised by section one of this Act, the shop shall, for the purpose of the transaction of Post Office business, be exempted from the provisions of this Act to such extent as the Postmaster-General may certify to be necessary for the purpose:

Provided that in such cases the Postmaster-General shall make the best arrangements that the exigencies of the postal service allow with a view to the conditions of employment of the persons employed being on the whole not less favourable than those secured by this Act:

(c) The provisions contained in any closing order imposing terms or conditions on the keeping open of any such shop after the closing hour for the transaction of Post Office business shall be subject to the approval of the Postmaster-General.

(2) Save as aforesaid, nothing in this Act shall apply to Post Office business, or to any premises in which Post Office business is transacted.

Enforcement of Act.

13. — (1) It shall be the duty of every local authority to enforce within their district the provisions of this Act, and of the orders made thereunder or under any enactment repealed by this Act, and for that purpose to institute and carry on such proceedings in respect of failures to comply with or contraventions of this Act and such orders as aforesaid as may be necessary to secure the observance thereof, and to appoint inspectors; and an inspector so appointed shall, for the purposes of his powers

1912.

Shops Act, 1912. Ch. 3.

15

and duties, have in relation to shops all the powers conferred in relation to factories and workshops on inspectors by section one hundred and nineteen of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, and that section and section one hundred and twenty-one of the same Act shall apply accordingly; and an inspector may, if so authorised by the local authority, institute and carry on any proceedings under this Act on behalf of the authority.

(2) In this Act the expression "local authority" means —

as respects the city of London, the common council; as respects any municipal borough, the council of the borough;

as respects any urban district with a population according to the returns of the last published census for the time being of twenty thousand or upward, the district council; elsewhere, the county council:

Provided that a county council may, with the approval of the Secretary of State, make arrangements with the council of an urban district in the county with a population of less than twenty thousand, or with the council of a rural district, for the exercise by the council of that district as agents for the county council, on such terms and subject to such conditions as may be agreed on, of any powers of the county council under this Act within the district, and the council of the district may, as part of the agreement, undertake to pay the whole or any part of the expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of the powers delegated to them, and the London County Council may, with the like approval, make similar arrangements with the council of any metropolitan borough.

(3) The expenses of a local authority under this Act (including any expenses which a council undertake to pay as aforesaid), shall be defrayed —

in the case of the common council of the city of London, out of the general rate;

in the case of the council of a borough, out of the borough fund or borough rate;

in the case of a district council, as part of the general expenses incurred in the execution of the Public Health Acts;

in the case of a county council, as expenses for special county purposes;

in the case of a metropolitan borough council, as part of the expenses of the council.

14. — (1) All offences against this Act shall be prosecuted, and all fines under this Act shall be recovered, in like manner as offences and fines are prosecuted and recovered under the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, and sections one hundred and forty-three to one hundred and forty-six of that Act, and so much of section one hundred and forty-seven thereof as relates to

1 Edw. 7. c., 22.

Provisions with respect to offences.

16

Ch. 3.

Shops Act, 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

evidence respecting the age of any person, so far as those provisions are applicable, shall have effect as if re-enacted in this Act and in terms made applicable thereto:

Provided that all fines imposed in any proceedings instituted by or on behalf of a local authority in pursuance of their powers and duties under this Act shall be paid to the local authority and carried to the credit of the fund out of which the expenses incurred by the authority under this Act are defrayed.

(2) Where an offence for which the occupier of a shop is liable under this Act, has, in fact, been committed by some manager, agent, servant, or other person, the manager, agent, servant, or other person shall be liable to the like penalty as if he were the occupier.

(3) Where the occupier of a shop is charged with an offence against this Act, he shall be entitled upon information duly laid by him to have any other person whom he charges as the actual offender brought before the court at the time appointed for hearing the charge; and if, after the commission of the offence has been proved, he proves to the satisfaction of the court that he has used due diligence to enforce the execution of the Act, and that the said other person has committed the offence in question without his knowledge, consent, or connivance, the said other person shall be summarily convicted of such offence, and the occupier shall be exempt from any fine.

General Provisions.

Expenses of Secretary of State.

Local

inquiries.

Regulations.

15. Any expenses incurred by the Secretary of State under this Act, including the remuneration of any person holding a local inquiry under section seven of this Act, shall, to such extent as may be sanctioned by the Treasury, be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

16. In addition to the local inquiries which the Secretary of State is empowered to hold under section seven of this Act, the Secretary of State may cause a local inquiry to be held for the purposes of any of his powers and duties under this Act, and the costs incurred in relation to any such last-mentioned inquiry, including the salary of any officer engaged in the inquiry, not exceeding three guineas a day, shall be paid by the local authority concerned, and the Secretary of State may certify the amount of the costs incurred. Any sums so certified shall be a debt to the Crown from the local authority.

17. The Secretary of State may make regulations —

(a) for prescribing anything which under this Act is to be prescribed; and (h) as to the mode of ascertaining the opinion of occupiers of shops; and

(c) as to conduct of local inquiries and matters incidental thereto; and

1912.

Shops Act, 1912. Ch. 3.

17

(d) as to the procedure for obtaining the revocation of a

closing order; and

(e) generally for carrying into effect the provisions of

this Act.

18. — (1) Any order made by a local authority under this Act may be proved by the production of a copy thereof certified to be a true copy by a person purporting to be the clerk of the local authority by whom the order was made.

(2) Any order made by a local authority under this Act may, unless some other method of revocation is provided by this Act, be revoked by an order made in the like manner and subject to the like approval, if any, as the original order.

19. — (1) In this Act —

The expression "shop " includes any premises where any retail trade or business is carried on;

The expression "retail trade or business " includes the business of a barber or hairdresser, the sale of refreshments or intoxicating liquors, and retail sales by auction, but does not include the sale of programmes and catalogues and other similar sales at theatres and places of amusement;

The expression "shop assistant" means any person wholly or mainly employed in a shop in connexion with the serving of customers or the receipt of orders or the despatch of goods;

The expression "bank holiday" includes any public holiday or day of public rejoicing or mourning;

The expression "week" means the period between midnight on Saturday night and midnight on the succeeding Saturday night.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall apply to any fair lawfully held or any bazaar or sale of work for charitable or other purposes from which no private profit is derived.

20. This Act shall apply to Scotland, subject to the following modifications: —

The Secretary for Scotland shall be substituted for the Secretary of State:

The local authority for the purposes of this Act shall be the county council in a county (exclusive of the police burghs therein) and the town council in a royal, parliamentary, or police burgh; and the expenses of a local authority under this Act shall be defrayed, in the case of a county council, out of the general purposes rate, and, in the case of a town council, out of the burgh general improvement assessment, or any other assessment leviable by the town council in equal proportions on owners and occupiers: Provided that the ratepayers of a police burgh shall not be assessed by the county council for any such expenses:

B

Proof and revocation of orders.

Interpretation and saving.

Application to Scotland.

18

Ch. 3.

2 Geo. 5.

Application to Ireland,

Shops Act, 1912.

References to any provisions of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, shall be construed as references to those provisions as applied to Scotland by section one hundred and fifty-nine of that Act.

21. This Act shall apply to Ireland, subject to the following modifications: —

(1) The Lord Lieutenant shall be substituted for the Secretary

of State:

(2) The expression "local authority" means —

as respects any municipal borough, the council of the borough;

as respects any urban district, the district council; and

as respects any town having town commissioners and not being an urban district (in this section referred to as a town), the town commissioners:

(3) The expenses of local authorities under this Act shall

be defrayed —

in the case of the council of a borough, out of the borough fund or borough rate;

in the case of a district council, as part of the general expenses incurred in the execution of the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1907; and in the case of town commissioners, out of any rate leviable by them as such commissioners throughout the whole of their district:

(4) References to any previsions of the Factory and Work-

shop Act, 1901, shall be construed as references to those provisions as applied to Ireland by section one hundred and sixty of that Act:

(5) The provisions of this Act specified in the first column

of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent and subject to the modifications specified in the second column of that schedule, apply to rural districts in Ireland, with this exception, that the provisions specified in Part I. of that schedule shall apply only to towns within rural districts in Ireland; save as aforesaid, this Act shall not apply to rural districts in Ireland or to towns within such districts:

(6) In the case of a shop assistant employed in a shop in

which the business of the sale by retail of intoxicating liquors is carried on, section one of this Act shall not apply, but, instead thereof, the provisions contained in the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to shops in which that business is carried on, and, in the case of any contravention of, or failure to comply with, the provisions of that schedule, the

1912.

Shops Act, 1912. Ch. 3.

19

occupier of the shop shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, and shall be liable to a fine not exceeding —

(a) in the case of a first offence, one pound;

(h) in the case of a second offence, five pounds; and

(c) in the case of a third or any subsequent offence, ten pounds:

(7) Any shop in which the trade or business of the sale by

retail of intoxicating liquors is carried on in conjunction with any other trade or business shall, as respects all such trades or businesses, be exempt from the obligation to be closed on the weekly halfholiday:

(8) A local authority may, in addition to its other powers

under this Act, make an order fixing the hours on the several week-days before which, either throughout the area of the local authority or in any specified part thereof, no shop in which the business of the sale of intoxicating liquors is carried on shall be open for serving customers:

Such order shall be deemed to be a closing order, and all the provisions of this Act, with respect to closing orders, save those relating to the earliest hours to be fixed by a closing order, shall apply accordingly with the necessary modifications:

Provided that an order made under this subsection shall not in any way affect the powers conferred by section eleven of the Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1874, 37 & 38 Vict, of granting exemption orders in respect of licensed c*69-premises, or apply to any licensed premises during any time during which the premises are permitted to be open under any such exemption order:

(9) Shops in which there is carried on the business of the

sale by retail of intoxicating liquors for consumption on or off the premises, whether such business is carried on alone or in conjunction with any other business or trade, shall, for the purposes of the provisions of this Act with respect to closing orders, be deemed to be shops of a separate class, and a local authority shall not make a closing order applying to shops of that class unless they are satisfied that the occupiers of at least two thirds in number of the shops of that class approve the order:

(10) Shops in which there is carried on the business of the

sale by retail of intoxicating liquors for consumption off the premises only, whether such business is carried on alone or in conjunction with any other business

20

Ch. 3.

2 Geo. 5.

Short title, commencement, and repeal.

4 Edw. 7. c.

Section 1.

Shops Act, 1912.

or trade, shall, in like manner and for the purposes aforesaid, be deemed to be shops of a separate class, and the provisions of the last preceding subsection with respect to the making of closing orders shall apply to that class of shops as a separate class accordingly.

22. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Shops Act, 1912.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of May nineteen hundred and twelve.

(3) The Shops Regulation Acts, 1892 to 1911, are hereby repealed:

31. Provided that any closing order made under the Shop Hours Act, 1904, which is in force at the commencement of this Act, shall continue in force until revoked in accordance with the provisions of this Act, except in so far as it fixes a closing hour earlier than seven o’clock for any shop to which the provisions of this Act with respect to the weekly half-holiday apply.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Intervals for Meals.

Intervals for meals shall be arranged so as to secure that no person shall be employed for more than six hours without an interval of at least twenty minutes being allowed during the course thereof.

Without prejudice to the foregoing provision —

(1) where the hours of employment include the hours from

11.30 a.m. to 2.30 p.m., an interval of not less than three-quarters of an hour shall be allowed between those hours for dinner; and

(2) where the hours of employment include the hours from 4 p.m.

to 7 p.m., an interval of not less than half-an-hour shall be allowed between those hours for tea;

and the interval for dinner shall be increased to one hour in cases where that meal is not taken in the shop, or in a building of which the shop forms part or to which the shop is attached:

Provided that an assistant employed in the sale of refreshments or in the sale by retail of intoxicating liquors need not be allowed the interval for dinner between 11.30 a.m. and 2.30 p.m., if he is allowed the same interval so arranged as either to end not earlier than 11.30 a.m. or to commence not later that 2.30 p.m., and the same exemption shall apply

1912. Ch. 3.

21

Shops Act, 1912.

to assistants employed in any shop on the market day in any town in which a market is held not oftener than once a week, or on a day on which an annual fair is held.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Trades and Businesses exempted from the Provisions as to Weekly Half-Holiday.

The sale by retail of intoxicating liquors.

The sale of refreshments, including the business carried on at a railway refreshment room.

The sale of motor, cycle, and air-craft supplies and accessories to travellers.

The sale of newspapers and periodicals.

The sale of meat, fish, milk, cream, bread, confectionery, fruit, vegetables, flowers, and other articles of a perishable nature.

The sale of tobacco and smokers' requisites.

The business carried on at a railway bookstall on or adjoining a railway platform.

The sale of medicines and medical and surgical appliances.

Retail trade carried on at an exhibition or show, if the local authority certify that such retail trade is subsidiary or ancillary only to the maiu purpose of the exhibition or show.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Trades and Businesses exempted from Provisions of Closing Orders.

The sale by retail of intoxicating liquors.

The sale of refreshments for consumption on the premises.

The business carried on at a railway refreshment room.

The sal$ of newspapers.

The sale of tobacco and smokers’ requisites.

The business carried on at a railway bookstall.

The sale of medicines and medical and surgical appliances Post Office business.

Section 4.

Section 6.

22

Ch.&

2 Geo. 5.

Section 21.

Shops Act, 1912.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions applicable to Rural Districts in Ireland

and Towns within such Districts. Part I. Towns within Rural Districts.

Section of Act. Extent of Application and Modifications.

5 The whole section; subject to the modifications that on one specified day in the week the closing hour may be an hour not earlier than one o’clock in the afternoon, and that a closing order may prohibit, either absolutely or subject to such exemptions and conditions as may be contained in the order, the carrying on of any retail trade after the closing hour in any place, not being a shop within the area to which the order applies for the carrying on of which it would be unlawful to keep a shop open after that hour.

6 The whole section.

8 The whole section.

10 Subsection (2).

12 Subsection (1) except paragraphs (a) and (6).

13 Subsection (1), so far as relates to the appointment of inspectors by local authorities and the powers of inspectors so appointed (other than powers to institute and carry on proceedings on behalf of a local authority), subject to the modification that it shall not be obligatory on the local authority to appoint inspectors unless they think fit.

16 The whole section.

17 The whole section.

18 Subsection (1).

Thn*d Schedule The whole Schedule.

Part H.

Rural Districts, including Towns within such Districts.

Section of Act. Extent of Application and Modifications.

2 The whole section, subject to the modification that it shall not apply to — (a) any shop, wholesale shop or warehouse where the only persons employed are members of the same family dwelling in a building of which such shop or warehouse forms part or to which such shop or warehouse is attached; or (b) members of the occupier’s family so dwelling. ^Iu

1912.

Shops Act, 1912. Ch. 3.

23

Section of Act. Extent of Application and Modifications.

3 The whole section.

14 The whole section, except the proviso to subsection (I) and subsection (2).

19 The whole section.

21 The whole section, except paragraph (6) and the succeeding paragraphs.

22 The whole section.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions with respect to Shops in Ireland in which the Business of the Sale by Retail of Intoxicating Liquors is carried on.

1. A shop assistant shall not, save as otherwise provided by this schedule, be employed for more than seventy-two hours (exclusive of meal hours) in any week about the business of a shop in which the sale by retail of intoxicating liquors is carried on.

2. Intervals for meals shall be allowed to each assistant, amounting to not less than two hours on each week-day.

3. The occupier of the shop shall fix within the limit aforesaid, and shall specify in a notice in the prescribed form affixed in the shop, the times at which the employment or the several spells of employment, as the case may be, of the assistant are to commence and end on the several days of the week, and the assistant shall not be employed about the business of the shop, except within the time so fixed.

4. The assistant may be employed overtime for not more than ninety hours in the calendar year, and such employment shall not be reckoned as employment for the purposes of the foregoing limitation of the hours of employment:

Provided that, during the first two months after the assistant has entered the employment, the amount of overtime worked by him shall not exceed the proportion of two hours for every week he has been in the employment, or is entitled under a contract to continue in the employment.

5. The assistant shall be deemed to be employed overtime if he is employed before the time fixed by the notice for the commencement or after the time so fixed for the ending of his employment or during the interval so fixed between two spells of employment, and overtime shall be reckoned in periods of half an hour, and any period of overtime of less than half an hour shall be reckoned as a complete half hour; and the occupier of the shop when he intends to employ the assistant overtime on any day shall, before the overtime employment commences, record the prescribed particulars with respect to that employment in the prescribed manner.

Section 21,

24

Ch. 3, 4.

Shops Act, 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

Alteration of limit on sum to be raised for police expenses.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44* 31 & 32 Vict. c. 67.

6. The assistant shall, subject as herein-after mentioned, be allowed on one week-day in each week a holiday of not less than seven hours (in this schedule referred to as a weekly half-holiday).

Unless the employer and the shop assistant otherwise agree, the weekly half-holiday shall commence either at the time at which the shop opens on that day (in this paragraph referred to as "a morning halfholiday "), or at a time not less than seveu hours before the time at which the shop closes on that day (in this paragraph referred to as " an afternoon half-holidayand the aforesaid half-holidays shall be so arranged that the assistant shall be allowed a morning half-holiday and an afternoon half-holiday alternately.

7. An assistant who has been employed by the same employer for a period of not less than twenty-six consecutive weeks about the business of one or more shops of the employer shall, so long as he continues in the employment of that employer, be allowed an annual holiday of at least seven consecutive days, or, if he has been employed as aforesaid for a period of not less than fifty-two consecutive weeks, an annual holiday of at least fourteen consecutive days.

8. In any week in which an assistant is absent from his employment in or about the business of the shop, either on his annual holiday or on account of i11-health or otherwise, the weekly half-holiday may be disallowed in the case of every other assistant employed in or about the business of the shop and the number of hours of weekly employment of every such other assistant may be increased by seven hours accordingly:Provided that, where the assistant is absent for more than four consecutive weeks on account of ill-health, iho weekly half-holiday of the other assistants shall not be disallowed and their hours of employment shall not be increased by reason of such absence except in the first four weeks in which he is absent.

9. No deduction from wages or salary payable to the assistant shall be made on account of any such holidays or half-holidays as aforesaid.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to amend section twenty-three of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1829, with respect to the Limit imposed by that section as amended by subsequent enactments on the Amount to be provided annually for the purposes of the Metropolitan Police.

[29th March 1912.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The maximum rate in the pound for the purposes of the proviso to section twenty-three of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1829, as amended by section two'of the Police Rate Act, 1868, (by which enactments a limit is imposed on the annual sum to be provided for the purposes of the metropolitan police), shall he elevenpence instead of ninepence; and those sections shall,

1912. Metropolitan Police A 1912. Ch. 4, 5. 25

subject to the provisions of any subsequent enactment, have effect accordingly:

Provided that —

(a) in calculating for the purposes of paragraph (k) of

subsection (2) of section twenty-four of the Local si & S2 Vict. Government Act. 1888, (which regulates the amount c> 41 to be paid by county councils to the receiver for the metropolitan police district and charged to the Exchequer Contribution Accounts) the amount actually raised by rates from the parishes in any county, only such part thereof shall be reckoned as does not exceed the maximum amount which could have been so raised if this Act had not been passed; and

(b) before approving the issue of any warrants under

sectiorf twenty-three of the Metropolitan Police Act,

1829, by the effect of which the annual sum to be provided for the purposes of the Metropolitan Police to which the said limit applies will be in any year for the first time increased above the rate of tenpence in the pound, the Secretary of State shall lay before Parliament a minute stating the reasons for such increase; and, if within the next twenty days on which either House has sat after any such minute has been laid before it, an address is presented to His Majesty by either House praying that the said increase be not made, no further proceedings shall be taken in virtue of the said minute without prejudice to the presentation to Parliament of any new minute.

2. This Act may be cited as the Metropolitan Police Act, Short title and 1912, and shall be construed with the Metropolitan Police Acts, contraction. 1829 to 1909; and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the Metropolitan Police Acts, 1829 to 1912.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[30th April 1912.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence

26

Ch. 5.

Army (Annual) Act, 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.

[Short title.]

Army Act to be in force for specified times.

of the possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and eighty-six thousand six hundred including those to be employed at the depbts in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within His Majesty's Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty's forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty's service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and twelve on the following days: —

(a) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of July:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1912.

2. — (1) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament (that is to say): —

(a) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one

1912.

Army (Annual), 1912. Ch. 5.

27

thousand nine hundred and twelve to the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, both inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and twelve to the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, both inclusive.

(2) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without His Majesty's dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the number herein-before mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act the prices specified in the Schedule to this Act.

Amendments of Army Act.

4. In paragraph (4) of section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Army Act, which relates to penal stoppages from ordinary pay of officers, after the words "Army Council" shall be inserted the words "or in the case of officers serving in India the Governor-General "; and as a proviso to the said paragraph there shall be added at the end thereof the following:— " Provided that " where deductions have been so made from the pay of an officer " serving in India the case shall, if he so require, be reported " to the Secretary of State for India in Council, who may make " such order thereon as he thinks fit."

5. — (1) The amount which may be deducted from the pay of a soldier in respect of a bastard child under subsection (2) of section one hundred and forty-five of the Army Act shall be increased, in the case of a non-commissioned officer who is not below the rank of sergeant, to sevenpence, and in the case of any other soldier to fourpence, and accordingly the words "in " respect of a bastard child sevenpence " and " in respect of " a bastard child fourpence" shall be substituted in that subsection for the words "in respect of a bastard child sixpence " and " in respect of a bastard child threepence " respectively.

(2) Where an order has before the commencement of this Act been made under the said section authorising deductions to be made in respect of a bastard child, a further order may be made increasing the amount of the deductions to be made after the commencement of this Act under the former order up to the limit authorised by this section.

Prices in respect of billeting.

Amendment of section 137 of the Army Act.

Amendment of section 145 of Army Act.

28

Ch. 5.

Army (Annual), 1912. 2 Geo. 5.

Amendment of section 163 of the Army Act relating to evidence.

Amendment of 44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.88.175(7) and 176 (9) (10).

Application of Army Act to forces raised in India and the Colonies.

6. At the end of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-three of the Army Act (which makes certain documents evidence) the following paragraph shall be added:—

" (j) Where the proceedings are proceedings against a soldier on a charge of being a deserter or absentee without leave, and the soldier has surrendered himself into the custody of any portion of His Majesty's forces, a certificate purporting to have been signed by the commanding officer of that portion of His Majesty's forces and stating the fact, date, and place of such surrender shall be evidence of the matters so stated."

7. In subsection (7) of section one hundred and seventy-five and in subsections (9) and (10) of section one hundred and seventy-six of the Army Act, which relate to persons subject to military law as officers and soldiers, the words "beyond the seas " shall be repealed wherever they occur.

8. — (1) For the purpose of facilitating the application of the Army Act to forces raised in India or the Colonies, the following amendments shall be made: —

(a) At the end of section one hundred and seventy-five of the Army Act (which describes the persons subject to military law as officers) the following paragraph shall be added: —

" (12) All officers of a force raised in India or a colony to which this Act is, in whole or in part, applied by the law of India or the colony, at such times and subject to such adaptations, modifications, and exceptions as may be specified in such law."

(b) At the end of section one hundred and seventy-six of

the Army Act (which describes the persons subject to military law as soldiers) the following paragraph shall be added:—

"(11) All non-commissioned officers and men belonging to a force raised in India or a colony to which this Act is, in whole or in part, applied by the law of India or the colony, at such times and subject to such adaptations, modifications, and exceptions as may be specified in such law."

(c) In section one hundred and seventy-seven of the Army

Act (which relates to persons belonging to colonial forces and subject to military law as officers or soldiers) for the words "and any such law may apply " to any such officers, non-commissioned officers, and " men all or any of the provisions of this Act so far " as they relate to the regular forces or any of the " auxiliary forces, as the case may require, subject to " such adaptations as may be necessary to make them " applicable, and the provisions of this Act so applied " shall, subject to such adaptations as aforesaid, be

1912. Army (Annual) Act, 1912. Ch. 5. 29

" construed as if such officers, non-commissioned " officers, and men were included in the expression "‘ regular forces’or ‘ auxiliary7 forces, ’ as the case " may require, " there shall be substituted the words "and any such law may apply, in relation to such " force and to any officers, non-commissioned officers, " and men thereof, all or any of the provisions of this " Act, subject to such adaptations, modifications, and " exceptions as may be specified in such law, and " where so applied this Act shall have effect in " relation to such force subject to such adaptations, " modifications, and exceptions as aforesaid."

(2) If before the commencement of this Act any law of India or a colony has been made or passed applying this Act in whole or in part to any force raised in India or the colony, such law shall have effect as if this section had been in force at the time when such law was made or passed.

SCHEDULE.

Section 3.

Accommodation to be provided.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where meals furnished.

Maximum Price.

Sixpence per night.

Breakfast as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act.

Dinner as so specified -

Supper as so specified -

Where no meals furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat.

Stable room and ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse.

Stable room without forage -

Lodging and attendance for officer -

Fivepence each.

One shilling and one penny each.

Threepence each.

Sixpence per day.

One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Sixpence per day.

Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

30

Ch. 6.

Government of India Act, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Powers of Governor of Fort William in Bengal.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to make such amendments in the Law relating to the Government of India as are consequential on the appointment of a separate Governor of Fort William in Bengal, and other administrative changes in the local government of India.

[25th June 1912.]

WHEREAS His Majesty has been pleased to appoint a’Governor of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal as delimited by a proclamation made by the Governor-General in Council and dated the twenty-second day of March nineteen hundred and twelve:

And whereas the Governor-General in Council by two further proclamations of the same date has constituted a new province under a Lieutenant-Governor, styled the province of Bihar and Orissa, and has taken the province of Assam under the immediate authority and management of the Governor-General in Council:

And whereas it is expedient to declare what powers are exerciseable by the Governor and Governor in council of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal and to make other provisions with respect to the administrative changes effected as aforesaid:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) It is hereby declared that the Governor and Governor in council of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal shall, within that presidency as so delimited as aforesaid, have all the rights, duties, functions, and immunities which the Governors and Governors in council of the presidencies of Fort St. George and Bombay respectively possess, and all enactments relating to the Governors of those presidencies and the councils (whether for executive or legislative purposes) thereof and the members of those councils shall apply accordingly to the Governor of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and his council and the members of that council:

Provided that —

(a) if the Governor-General in council reserves to himself any powers now exerciseable by him in relation to the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, those powers shall continue to be exerciseable by the Governor-General in council in the like manner and to the like extent as heretofore; and (b) it shall not be obligatory to nominate the advocate-general of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal

1912. Government of India Act, 1912. Ch. 6. 31

or any officer acting in that capacity to be a member of the legislative council of the Governor of that presidency.

(2) The power of the Governor-General in council under section one of the Indian Presidency Towns Act, 1815, to extend 55 Geo. 3. c. 84. the limits of the town of Calcutta shall be transferred to the Governor in council of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

2. The provisions of subsection (1) of section three of the Provisions as Indian Councils Act, 1909 (which relate to the constitution of jj Bihar006 provincial executive councils), shall apply to the province of 9 Edw j c 4 Bihar and Orissa in like manner as they applied to the province of the Bengal division of the presidency of Fort William.

3. It shall be lawful for the Governor-General in council Creation of by proclamation to extend, subject to such modifications and ^'jJSisof adaptations as he may consider necessary, the provisions of the chief com-Indian Councils Acts, 1861 to 1909, touching the making of misaioners. laws and regulations for the peace and good government of provinces under Lieutenant-Governors (including the provisions

as to the constitution of legislative councils for such provinces and the business to be transacted therein) to any territories for the time being under a chief commissioner, and where such provisions have been applied to any such territories the proviso to section three of the Government of India Act, 1854 (which 17 & 18 Vict, relates to the alteration of laws and regulations in such territories) c*77* shall not apply to those territories.

4. — (1) The enactments mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule Amendment to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments therein ^t/and*1 of specified, and section fifty-seven of the East India Company saving.

Act, 1793, and section seventy-one of the Government of India 33 Geo. 3. c. 52. Act, 1833 (which relate to the filling up of vacancies in the 3 & 4 Will. 4. Indian Civil Service), and the other enactments mentioned in c. 85.

Part II. of that Schedule are hereby repealed.

(2) Nothing in this Act or in the said recited proclamations shall affect the power of the Governor-General in Council of making new distributions and arrangements of territories into and among the various presidencies and lieutenant-governorships, and it is hereby declared that the said power extends to territories under the immediate authority and management of the Governor-General in Council as well as to territories subject to the several presidencies and lieutenant-governorships.

5. This Act may be cited as the Government of India Act, short title 1912, and shall come into operation on such day as the Governor- "^"ent General in Council, with the approval of the Secretary of State mencemen in Council, may appoint.

32

Ch. 6, 7.

Government of India Act, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Section 4.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Amendments.

In section fifty of the Indian Councils Act, 1861 (24 and 25 Vict. c. 67), after the words "then and in every such case, " there shall be inserted the words "the Governor of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal."

In the First Schedule to the Indian Councils Act, 1909 (9 Edw. 7. c. 4), there shall be inserted —

" Legislative Council of the Governor of Fort William in Bengal - 50

" Legislative Council of the Lieutenant-Governor of Bihar and Orissa - 50"

Part II.

Repeals.

Sections fifty-three and fifty-seven of the East India Company Act, 1793 (33 Geo. 3. c. 52).

In section sixty-two of the Government of India Act, 1833 (3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 85) the words "and Governor of the Presidency of Fort William iu Bengal, " and section seventy-one of the same Act.

In section fifty of the Indian Councils Act, 1861 (24 & 25 Vict. c. 67) the words "and Governor of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal."

In the First Schedule to the Indian Councils Act, 1909 (9 Edw. 7. c. 4), the following words:—

"Legislative Council of the Lieutenant-Governor of the

Bengal Division of the Presidency of Fort William - 50

" Legislative Council of the Lieutenant-Governor of the

Province of Eastern Bengal and Assam - - 50"

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[7th August 1912.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in

1912. Appropriation, 1912. Ch. 7. 33

this session, of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grants out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of issue of

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply of the ’consoit^ towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for dated Fund, the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen the sum of ninety-two million eight hundred and forty-seven thousand three hundred and forty-three pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the Power for the

issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England to

and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the

credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole ninety-two million eight hundred and forty-seven thousand three hundred and forty-three pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen and section

six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal to & 4i Vict. of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills. c* 2>

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Act mentioned Appropriation in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, ricesUPP 8er" amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of one hundred and fifty-two million one hundred and sixty thousand five hundred and sixty pounds are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from die date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part

C

34

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 24.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for the navy services and for the army services respectively be not exceeded.

Sanction for navy and army expenditure for 1910-1911 unprovided for. 10 Edw. 7. k 1 Geo. 5. c. 14. 1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 15.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

Ch. 7. Appropriation Act, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. — (1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on naval and military services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the naval and military services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Appropriation Act, 1910, and the Appropriation Act, 1911, surpluses arising on certain votes for the naval and military services respectively have been temporarily applied as shown in the accounts set out in Schedule (C.) to this Act:

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses as shown in the said accounts is hereby sanctioned.

6. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant:

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

1912.

Appropriation Act, 1912,

Ch. 7

35

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropria- Short title, tion Act, 1912.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

Section 3

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

£ «. 152, 160, 560 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

1910-1911-1912.

Part 1. Na

.vy ] ril I

1912-1913.

3. Navy

(Army Army (Orc3 tones) -

5. Civil Services, Class I.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

Ditto,

Ditto,

Ditto,

Ditto,

Ditto,

Ditto,

Ditto,

Class H. Class III. Class IY. Class Y. Class YI. Class VII.

Total Civil Services - £

Grand Total

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 8. d. £ s. d.

L - 100 0 0 28, 795 10 10

en- 241, 017 0 0 27, 190 0 0

£ 241, 117 0 0 55, 985 10 10

45, 075, 400 0 0 1, 863, 892 0 0

27, 860,000 0 0 3, 414, 165 0 a

ac-

- 100 0 0 2, 923,000 0 0

£ 72, 935, 500 0 0 8, 201, 057 0 0

3, 831, 430 0 0 125, 263 0 0

- 4, 182, 144 0 0 828, 481 0 0

- 4, 621, 535 0 0 851, 101 0 0

19, 705, 454 0 0 30, 774 0 0

- 2, 142, 768 0 0 138, 366 0 0

- 13, 014, 564 0 0 —

- 380, 699 0 0 7, 250 0 0

3, 042, 669 0 0 202, 500 0 0

£ 50, 921, 263 0 0 2, 183, 735 0 0

, £ 28, 062, 680 0 0 734, 963 0 0

£ 152, 160, 560 0 0 11, 175, 740 10 10

36

Ch. 7.

Appropriation Act, 1912.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (A.)

Section 3.

' •SCHED. (B.)

Part 1,

Navy

Excesses,

1910-1911.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the years ended on the 31st day of £ s.

March 1911 and 1912 Under Act 2 Geo. 5. c. 1 - 241, 117 0 0

For the service of the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913

Under Act 2 Geo. 5. c. 1 - - 59, 072, 100 0 0

Under this Act - - 92, 847, 343 0 0

Total ... - 152, 160, 560 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Navy Excesses, 1910-1911.

Sums not exceeding

Sum granted to make good Excesses of Navy Expenditure beyond the Grants for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1911

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ s. d. i £ a. d.

100 0 0 28, 795 10 10

1912.

Appropriation, 1912. Ch. 7.

37

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2. SoTP

---- Civil Services

(Supple *

in

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1911-1912. 1911-1912.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for Section 3* the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1912, viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES. Class II.

For the Salaries and Expenses in the Offices of the House of Commons - 10 940

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including certain Grants in Aid - 11, 400 18, 105

For Stationery, Printing, Paper, Binding and Printed Books for the Public Service, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Stationery Office, and for Sundry Miscellaneous Services, including Reports of Parliamentary Debates For the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Agriculture and other Industries and Technical Instruction for Ireland, and of the Services administered by that Department 47,000 2,000

5 6, 645

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Local Government Board, Ireland, and to enable it to make good certain Statutory advances - 50,000 —

Class III. For certain Miscellaneous Legal Expenses - 1,000

For such of the Salaries and Expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund - 1, 600

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Establishment of the Crofters Commission - 120

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Commissioner of Police, the Police Courts, and Metropolitan Police Establishment of Dublin - 3, 500 0 1 S 0

Class IV. For the Salaries and Expenses of the National Gallery, including a Grant in Aid for the Purchase of Pictures - 17, 776

For the Salaries and Expenses of the National Portrait Gallery - 40

For Public Education in Scotland, and for Science and Art in Scotland - 15,000 —

* Deficit.

38

Ch. 7.

Appropriation Actt 1912.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 2.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1911-1912.

Section 3.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

Class V. For making good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising of money for the various £ £

Treasury Chests Abroad in the year 1910-1911 -Class VII. For Expenditure in connection with International Exhibitions (including a Grant in Aid of the Expenses of the Royal Commission for the 42, 666

Brussels, Rome, and Turin Exhibitions) - For a Grant in Aid of the Expenses incurred on account of the Coronation of His Majesty the King, including the State Visits to Ireland, 19, 300

Wales and Scotland - Class VIII. For the Salaries and Expenses of the Offices of the Insurance Commissioners in England, Wales, 10

Scotland and Ireland, and of the Joint Committee 31, 590 —

Total - £ 241, 017 27, 190

1012.

Ch. 7.

39

Appropriation, 1912.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For wages, &c., to 137, 500 officers, seamen,

and boys, coastguard, and royal marines (including an additional number of 1, 500 men and boys, and an additional sum of 60,000l.) ......

2. For victualling and clothing for the navy,

including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad (including an additional sum of 54,000l.)

3. For medical services, including the cost of

medical establishments at home and abroad

4. For martial law -

5. For educational services -

6. For scientific services -

7. For the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet

reserve (including seamen pensioner reserve), and the royal naval volunteers, &c. -'8. Sect. 1. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad (including an additional sum of 35,000l.) -

i, Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad -, Sect. 3. For contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c., (including an additional sum of 611,000l.) -

9. For naval armaments (including an additional sum of 200,000l.) -

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home

and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith (including an additional sum of 30,000l.) -

11. For various miscellaneous effective services -

12. For the Admiralty Office -

13. For half-pay, and retired pay to officers of

the navy and marines -

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities,

and compassionate allowances

15. For civil superannuation, compensation allow-

ances, and gratuities -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

7, 687,000 174, 500

2, 682, 100 731, 337

269, 900 3, 500 152, 500 72,000 20, 065 100 66, 385 31, 789

426, 700 9, 732

3, 528, 800 22,000

5, 076, 800 380, 300

13, 666, 600 175,000

4, 119,000 145, 700

3, 545,000 532,000 428, 500 32,000 13, 386 8, 850

955, 800 21, 412

1, 516, 200 30, 926

413,000 410

Total Navy Services

- £

45, 075, 400

1, 863, 892

S :hed. (B.) Part 3.

Navy.

40

Ch.

Appropriation Act, 1912. SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

2 &~3 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4.

Army.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied ae appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 1. For the pay, &c. of His Majesty's Army (including Army Reserve to a number not exceeding 139,000) at home and abroad (exclusive of India) - £ £

8, 536,000 1, 354,000

2. For the pay, &c., of the medical establishments and for medicines, &c. 3. For the pay, bounty, &c., of the Special Reserve (to a number not exceeding 91, 363, including 1, 300 militia and 150 militia reserve) and of the Officers’ Training Corps - 436,000 1, 700

715,000 6, 600

4. For grants, pay, allowances, training, and miscellaneous charges of the Territorial Force (not exceeding 319, 673 men, including 5,000 Territorial Force Reserve), and Channel Islands and Colonial Militia, including the expense

of permanent staff - 2, 780,000 4, 800

5. For establishments for military education 142,000 89, 100

6. For quartering, transport, and remounts - 1, 624,000 67,000

7. For supplies and clothing ... 4, 275,000 198, 500

8. For the Ordnance Department establishments and for general stores - 615,000 220,000

9. For armaments, aviation and engineer stores, including technical committees 1, 718,000 325,000

10. For works, buildings, and repairs, lands, and miscellaneous engineer services, including staff in connection therewith - 2, 602,000 106, 900

11. For miscellaneous effective services 72,000 950

12. For the War Office - 440,000 560

13. For rewards; half-pay; retired pay; widows’ pensions; and other non-effective charges for officers - 1, 843,000 515,000

14. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals; for out pensions; for rewards for distinguished services; for widows’ pensions; and for other non-effective charges for warrant officers, non-commissioned officers, and men, &c. 15. For civil superannuation, compensation, and additional allowances, gratuities, injury grants, &c. - 1, 917,000 524,000

145,000 55

Total Army Services - £ 27, 860,000 3, 414, 165

1912.

Appropriation Aett 1912. Ch. 7.

41

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the ordnance factories, the cost of productions of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments, &c. - 100 2, 923,000

Total Army Services (including- £ Ordnance Factories) - 27, 860, 100 6, 337, 165

SCHED. (B.) Part 4. Army.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 5. Civil Services. Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of royal palaces, £ £

including a grant in aid ... 71, 300 1, 087

2. For expenditure in respect of Osborne - 13,000 2, 400

3. For the royal parks and pleasure gardens -

4. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of 125, 700 11, 470

Parliament buildings ...

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous £0, 800 400

legal buildings, Great Britain -6. For expenditure in respect of Art and Science, buildings, Great Britain (including a supple- 79, 200 600

mentary sum of 38, 350/.) - j 7. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and i consular buildings, and for the maintenance of certain cemeteries abroad (including a | 142, 650 2, 045

supplementary sum of 20,000l.) - - j 8. For the Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post Office and Telegraph buildings in Great, 105, 800 1, 238

Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad 9. For Labour Exchange and Insurance Buildings, Great Britain (including a supplementary 725, 800 5, 340

sum of 135,000l.) - ... 10. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain not provided for i 350, 300 I 565

on other votes - - -11. For the survey of the United Kingdom, and 725, 500 12, 298

for minor services connected therewith 214, 589 43, 475 1

12. For maintaining certain harbours under the Board of Tiade and for grants in aid of

harbours i 75, 065 2, 600

42

Ch. 7.

Appropriation Act, 1912,

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 5.

Civil Service*. Class I.

SC HKD. (B.)

Part. 6.

Civil Services. Class IT.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No.

13. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at £ £

Peterhead - 32,000 —

14. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government property department, and for a contribution towards the expenses of the London Fire Brigade 798,000 33, 785

16. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, and for the maintenance of drainage works on the River Shannon - 273, 366 7, 960

16. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, &c., the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, and the Marine Works (Ireland) Act, 1902 - 48, 360

Total Civil Services, Class I. - £ ' 3, 831, 430 i 125, 263

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.:— 1

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of

the House of Lords -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the House of

Commons -

3. For the salaries and other expenses of the

department of His Majesty's Treasury and subordinate departments, including expenses in respect of advances under the Light Railways Act, 1896 -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of

His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the department

of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the department

of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ 28, 741 £ 15,000

302, 850 16,000

114, 371 4, 344

258, 007 13, 500

68, 420 775

60, 075 ogle —

1912.

Appropriation Act, 1912.

43

Ch. 7.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 7. For the salaries and expenses of the department £ £

of His Majesty’-s most Honourable Privy Council - 10, 646 1, 800

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments (including a supplementary sum of 3, 750/.) 365, 612 26, 446

9. For the salaries and expenses of certain services transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund and other services connected with the Mercantile Marine (including Merchant Seamen’s Fund Pensions) - 109, 788 73, 400

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c., for the requirements of the Board

of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890 ..... 8 111, 291

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including certain grants in aid - 253, 539 137, 580.

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales 13. For the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of the Government Chemist - 30, 313 -

20, 633

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission - 55, 134

15. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General 67, 760 3, 124

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies - 12, 122

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board - 283, 374 5, 580

18. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England 19, 830 962

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of coinage, and for the expenses of the preparation of medals, dies for postage and other stamps, and His Majesty's seals - 20. For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office - 50 161,000

12, 580 3, 177

21. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments - 25, 320

22. For the salaries and expenses of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners ---- 34 11, 800

23. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in England - - 60, 405 10, 250

24 For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public service, for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of Parliamentary Debates - 959, 751- 140,000

25. For the salaries and expenses in the office of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues 21, 380 136, 750

26. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -

SCHED. (B.)

PART 6.

Civil Services. Class II.

44

Sobed. (B.)

Part 6.

Civil Services. Class II.

Ch. 7. Appropriation Act, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 27. For His Majesty's foreign and other secret £ £

services ..... 50,000 —

28. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty's Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices, expenses under the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900, and expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1899 - 17, 126 2, 010

29. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture for Scotland 209, 580 5,000

30. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of piers or quays ---- 24, 428

31. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland - 6, 123 520

32. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in Scotland - 8, 356 1, 300

33. For the salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board for Scotland 20, 418

34. For the salaries and expenses of the household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland - - j 4, 552

35. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of It bland, in Dublin and London, and of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums, and expenses under the Inebriates Acts - 1 27, 296 307

36. For the salaries and expenses of the department of agriculture and other industries, and technical instruction for Ireland, and of the services administered by that department, including sundry grants in aid 136, 314 57, 481

37. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests for Ireland - 2, 052 34

38. For the Congested Districts Board for Ireland

(Grants-in-Aid) .... 169, 750 —

39. For the salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid - - 111, 688 13,000

40. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keeper of State Papers in Dublin - - 7, 446

41. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland ... 46, 969 i 3,000

42. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., and for the expenses of collecting emigration statistics in Ireland -

1 20, 258 800

43. For the salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland - | 42, 295 9,000

Total Civil Services, Class II. - £ 4, 182, 144 828, 481

1912.

Appropriation Act, 1912. Ch. 7.

45

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers department, the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of His Majesty's Treasury and King’s Proctor, and the department of Director of Public Prosecutions, for the costs of prosecutions, of other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, including grants in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Societies of England and Ireland -

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry ....

5. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Public Trustee -

6. For the salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts -

7. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the contribution towards the expenses of the Metropolitan Police, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -

8. For the expenses of the prisons in England, Wales, and the Colonies ...

9. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Inspector of Reformatories and for the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools and in places of detention under the Children Act, in Great Britain -

10. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in the Criminal Lunatic Asylums at Broadmoor and Rampton, including the furnishing and equipment of Rampton Asylum

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

83, 812 19,000

50, 194 12, 731

330, 632 51, 700

36, 471 —

10 29, 990

5 499, 352

126, 998 77

776, 550 25,000

277, 474 25,000

83, 154 1, 216

87, 373 49, 300

Sched. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil Services. Class III.

Ap'propriation Act, 1912.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

46

Ch. 7.

SCHED. (B.)

PART 7. Civil Services. Glass III.j

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 12. For the salaries and expenses of the office £ £

of the Scottish Land Court - 11, 600 —

13. For the salaries and expenses of the offices in His Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh ---- 43, 966

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and inmates of the State inebriate reformatory, and the preparation of judicial statistics 101, 776 5, 800

15. For criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland, including a Grant in relief of certain expenses payable by statute out of local rates - 65, 410 490

16. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund 113, 135 3, 900

17. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission - 616, 147 24, 500

18. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision 111, 145 5, 200

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, the police courts and the metropolitan police establishment of Dublin - 96, 466 56, 715

20. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary 1, 377, 389 35, 680

21. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board in Ireland, and of the establishments under their control; the registration of habitual criminals and the maintenance of criminal lunatics confined in district lunatic asylums - 112, 439 3, 500

22. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial schools in Ireland - 111, 912 1, 950

23. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in the Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland 7, 477 —

Total Civil Services, Class III. - £ 4, 621, 535 851, 101

1912.

Appropriation Act, 1912.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

Cfl. 7.

47

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of

Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid (including a supplementary sum of 15, OOOOZ.) -

2. For the salaries and other expenses of the British Museum, and of the Natural History Museum, including certain grants in aid

3. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures

4. For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase of portraits -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection -

6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c., and other grants -

7. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and of the expenses under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889 -

8. For public education in Scotland, and for Science and Art in Scotland, including a grant in aid -

9. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, and the Museum of Antiquities, including certain grants in aid

10. For the expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, including a grant in aid of the Teachers Pension Fund, Ireland (including a supplementary sum of 10,000?. for expenses of scholarships tenable by pupils from primary schools in Ireland) -

11. For the expenses of the Office of the Commissioners for managing certain school endowments in Ireland ....

12. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures -

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Institutions of Science and Art in Dublin, and of the Geological Survey of Ireland, and Annual Grants to Schools and Classes of Science and Art and Technical Instruction, including sundry Grants in Aid, administered by the Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland -

14. For grants under the Irish Universities Act, 1908

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

14, 519, 765 10, 100

204, 071 16, 019

14, 445 2, 500

5, 681 —

8, 511 660

125, 523 —

314, 200 —

2, 489, 425 —

6, 598 —

1, 744, 554 150

935 —

3, 155 —

138, 591 130,000 1, 345

19, 705, 454 30, 774

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8. Civil Services. Class IV

Digi

48

Ch. 7.

Appropriation Act, 1912.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.) PART 9. Civil Services. Class Y.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10. Civil Services. Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES.--Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 1. For the expenses in connection with His Majesty's embassies, missions, and consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote £ £

689, 040 101, 820

2. For sundry colonial services, including certain grants in aid (including a supplementary sum of 503,000l.) 1, 363, 754

3. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies, and a grant in aid of the annual expenses of the Pacific Cable - 39, 974 36, 546

4. For a grant in aid of the Revenue of the Island of Cyprus - - 50,000 —

Total Civil Services, Class V. - £ 2, 142, 768 138, 366

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For superannuation, compensation, compas- £ £

sionate, and additional allowances, and gratuities under sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury; and for the salaries of medical referees .... 778, 253

1912. Appropriation, 1912. Ch. 7.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

2. For certain miscellaneous charitable and other £ £

allowances, Great Britain 3. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous charitable and other allowances in 1, 439

Ireland, including sundry grants in aid 4. For making good the deficiency on the Income 16, 883 —

Account of the Fund for Friendly Societies -5. For Old Age Pensions in the United Kingdom, and for certain administrative expenses in 14, 426

connection therewith -6. For compensation to the Registrar and Staff at Stationers' Hall on the abolition of the office 12, 200,000

of Registrar - - 3, 563

Total Civil Services, Class VI. - £ 13, 014, 564 —

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and other expenses of temporary commissions, committees, and £ £

special inquiries - 33,000 —

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses - 3. For making good certain sums written off from 13, 742 7, 250

the assets of the Local Loans Fund 4. For the Ireland Development Grant (Grant in 3, 418

Aid) -5. For a grant in aid of the Government Hospitality 185,000

Fund - 6. For expenditure in connection with the Interna- 10,000

tional Exhibition at Ghent in 1913 -7. For the repayment to the Civil Contingencies 30,000

Fund of certain miscellaneous advances 8. For contributions in aid of expenses under the 5, 539

Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905 100,000 "

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £ 380, 699 7, 250

D

% 49

Sched. (B.)

Part 10. Civil Services, Class VI.

Sched. (B.) Part 11.

Civil Services. Class VII.

50

Ch. 7.

Appropriation, 1912.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.) PART 12. Civil Services. Class VIII.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VIII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the National £ £

Health Insurance Joint Committee 37, 570 —

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (England), for contributions under Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, and for grants in aid of expenditure incurred out of the National Health Insurance Fund in respect of benefits and expenses of administration under that Part of that Act (including certain special grants towards the expenses of Insurance Committees) (including a supplementary sum of 42, 500/.) 1, 560, 145

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (Wales), for contributions under Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, and for grants in aid of expenditure incurred out of the Welsh National Health Insurance Fund in respect of benefits and expenses of administration under that Part of that Act (including certain special grants towards the expenses of Insurance Committees) (including a supplementary sum of 28, 350/.) - 129, 510

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (Scotland), for contributions under Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, and for grants in aid of expenditure incurred out of the Scottish National Health Insurance Fund in respect of benefits and expenses of administration under that Part of that Act (including certain special grants towards the expenses of Insurance Committees) (including a supplementary sum of 10,000l.) - 244, 510

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Insurance Commission (Ireland), for contributions under Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, and for grants in aid of expenditure incurred out of the Irish National Health Insurance Fund in respect of benefits and expenses of administration under that Part of that Act (including certain special grants towards the expenses of Insurance Committees) (including a supplementary sum of 18, 100/.) 168, 140

1912. Appropriation Act, 1912. Ch. 7. 51

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No.

6. For the salaries of the staff and other expenses of Labour Exchanges, including the contribution to the Unemployment Insurance Fund ---- 1 804, 037 202, 500

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Audit staff under Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911 51, 757

8. For grants to Friendly Societies, &c., in aid of the expenses of preparing schemes under section 72 of the National Insurance Act, 1911 47,000 —

Total Civil Services, Class VIII.* - £ 3, 042, 669 202, 500

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil Services. Class VIII.

SCHED. (B.) Part 13.

Revenue Departments, fcc.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913; viz.: —

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs and Excise Department ... 2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland Revenue Department ... 3. For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office, including Telegraphs and Telephones £ 2, 357, 900 1, 895, 830 23, 808, 950 £ 93, 770 10,000 631, 193

Total Revenue Departments - £ 28, 062, 680 734, 963

E

52

Cu. 7.

Appropriation Act> 1912,

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (C.) Navy Services. Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Number of Vote. NAYY SERVICES, 1910-11. VOTES. Surpluses. Deficits made good from Surpluses.

1 Wages, &c., of officers, seamen, and boys, Coastguard, and Royal Marines - £ s. 31, 281 10 11 £ *. d.

2 Victualling and clothing for the Navy - — 18, 204 15 6

3 Medical establishments and services - 11, 644 15 7 —

4 Martial law - 1, 766 6 1 —

5 Educational services 6, 486 4 1 —

6 Scientific services - - — 1, 080 15 4

7 Royal Naval Reserves, - — 9, 597 12 6

8 Shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c.:I. Personnel - - 6, 858 5 5

II. Materiel - 139, 306 5 8 —

III. Contract work 99, 824 17 8 —

9 Naval armaments ... — 36, 512 7 6

10 Works, buildings, and repairs, at home and abroad - - — 18, 260 14 9

11 Miscellaneous effective services — 63, 485 6 2

12 Admiralty Office - — 4, 946 13 0

13 Half-pay and retired pay 17, 735 19 7 —

14 Naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allowances - 8, 528 3 9 —

15 Civil superannuation, compensation allowances, and gratuities - 14, 292 4 2 —

— Amount written off as irrecoverable - — 1, 272 6 1

Total -Add Excess Vote - 337, 724 12 11 100 0 0 153, 360 10 10

337, 824 12 11 153, 360 10 10

Net Surplus - £184, 464 2 1

1912.

Appropriation Act, 1912,

Ch. 7,

53

SCHEDULE \ (C.)

Number of Vote. ARMY SERVICES, 1910-11. VOTES. Surpluses. Deficits made good from Surpluses.

£ s. d. £ 8. d.

1 Pay, &c., of the Army 10, 528 18 8 —

2 Medical establishment: Pay, &c. 4, 415 17 10 —

3 Special Reserves - 26, 477 6 8 —

4 Territorial Force - - 109, 200 6 11 —

5 Establishments for military education - 2, 089 1 9 —

6 Quartering, transport, and remounts - - 12, 470 5 1 —

7 Supplies and clothing — 98, 235 4 8

8 Ordnance department establishments and general stores - — 13, 879 18 3

9 Armaments and engineer stores - 69, 570 11 11 —

10 Works and buildings 80, 948 1 2 —

11 Miscellaneous effective services - 5, 190 7 8 —

12 War Office - - 3, 502 1 0 —

13 Non-effective charges for officers, &c. 3, 281 2 3 —

14 Non-effective charges for men, &c. — 3, 231 10 2

15 Civil superannuation, compensation, and gratuities 2, 060 18 11 —

Balances irrecoverable and claims

abandoned - - — 3, 779 1 5 7

Total - - 329, 734 19 10 119, 126 8 8

Net Surplus - £210, 608 11 2

SCHED. (C.)

Army

Services.

54

Ch. 8.

Finance Act, 1912.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

[7th August 1912.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

Duty on tea. 1. The duty of Customs payable on tea until the first day of 1 & 2 Geo. 3. July nineteen hundred and twelve, under the Finance Act, 1911, c* 48* shall be deemed to have been continued as from that date and

shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid until the first day of July nineteen hundred and thirteen, on the importation thereof into Great Britain or Ireland (that is to say): —

Tea, the pound - fivepence.

Distribution of 2. Where the licensed premises are held under a lease or account^00 agreement for lease made before the passing of the Finance licence duties (1909-10) Act, 1910, which does not contain or import any in certain covenant, agreement, or undertaking on the part of the lessee 10 Edw. 7. c. 8. under such lease or agreement for lease to obtain a supply of’intoxicating liquor from the grantor of the lease or agreement for lease, the lessee under such lease or agreement for lease shall be entitled, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, to recover as a debt due from, or deduct from any sum due to, the grantor of such lease or agreement for lease so much of any increase of the duty payable in respect of the licence under the provisions of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, as may be agreed upon as proportionate to any increased rent or premium payable in respect of the premises being let as licensed premises, and, in default of agreement, the amount proportionate to such increased rent or premium shall be determined in manner directed by

1912.

Finance A, 1912. Ch. 8.

55

rules of court by a county court in England or Ireland, and by a sheriff court in Scotland.

The words "lease, " "leased, " " agreement for lease, " and " lessee " in this section include sub-lease, sub-leased, agreement for sub-lease, and sub-lessee, respectively.

3. The following paragraph shall be added to provision*Reduction of

three of the provisions applicable to retailers’ on-licences in the Sunday and of First Schedule to the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910 — early closing

" The power to obtain a licence on payment of a reduced llccnces* amount of duty in the case of a six-day licence or an early closing licence shall apply to any case in which the minimum duty is payable under this provision, but the reduction shall not operate so as to make the duty payable less than one-third of the annual licence value of the premises."

4. The Commissioners of Customs and Excise may authorise Tobacco for responsible persons duly licensed to grow tobacco within the United Kingdom, to grow tobacco for the sole purpose of obtaining an extract therefrom to be used, without payment of

duty, in the manufacture of insecticides or sheepwash or for other purely agricultural or horticultural purposes. The authority shall be granted subject to such security and the observance of such regulations and conditions as the Commissioners may prescribe, and, if any person so authorised acts in contravention of or fails to comply with any of those regulations or conditions, the article in respect of which the offence is committed shall be forfeited, and the person committing the offence shall be liable in respect of each offence to an Excise penalty of fifty pounds.

• Part II.

Income Tax.

5. — (1) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day income tax of April nineteen hundred and twelve shall be charged at the for 1912~13-rate of one shilling and twopence, and the same super-tax shall be charged, levied, and paid for that year as was charged for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and eleven.

(2) All such enactments relating to income tax (including super-tax) as were in force with respect to duties of income tax granted for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and eleven shall have full force and effect with respect to any duties of income tax hereby granted.

(3) The annual value of any property which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules

A. and B. in the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house 16 *17 Vict-duty, during the year ending on the fifth day of April nineteen °* 34, hundred and twelve, shall be taken as the annual value of such

56

Ch. 8.

Finance A1912.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 67.

Charge of super-tax in case of death.

Exemption from income tax of funds under the National Insurance Act, 1911.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 55.

Stamping of policies of sea insurance which are subject to a contingent increase of premium.

£4 & 55 Vict. c. 39.

property for the same purpose during the next subsequent year; provided that this subsection —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

* (b) shall not apply to the metropolis as defined by the

Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

6. In the case of the death of a person liable to super-tax during any year for which super-tax is charged, a part only of the year’s super-tax shall be payable proportionate to the part of the year which has elapsed before the date of the death.

7. — (1) An approved society within the meaning of Part I. of the National Insurance Act, 1911, and any branch of such a society, shall be entitled to exemption from income tax in respect of the income derived from any funds or credits of the society under that Part of that Act, or any investment thereof, and the Insurance Commissioners, the Scottish Insurance Commissioners, the Irish Insurance Commissioners, and the Welsh Insurance Commissioners shall be entitled to a similar exemption in respect of any income derived from any funds held by them, or under their control or management, under or for the purposes of that Act.

(2) The exemption granted under this section shall be claimed and allowed in the same manner as in the case of income applicable and applied to charitable purposes, and shall be in addition to, and not in derogation of, any other exemption under any other Act.

Part IIL Inland Revenue (Miscellaneous).

8. Where the premium or consideration for a policy of sea insurance is expressed to be a sum not exceeding the rate of half-a-crown per cent, of the sum insured, and is subject to an increase (whether defined or not in the policy) in the event of the occurrence of a specified contingency, the premium or consideration shall, for the purpose of the Stamp Act, 1891, be treated as a premium or consideration not exceeding the rate of half-a-crown per cent, on the sum insured. But if, owing to the occurrence of the contingency which is the occasion for an increase of the premium or consideration, the premium or consideration is increased so as to exceed the rate of half-a-crown per cent, of the sum insured, the policy or a new policy to be thereupon issued shall be stamped with such an additional sum as is required to represent the additional duty payable, and may be so stamped without penalty at any time not exceeding thirty days after the date on which the increased premium or consideration becomes ascertained.

Ch. 8.

1912.

Finance Act, 1912 *

57

9. Where an estate, in respect of which estate duty is payable on the death of a person dying on or after the thirtieth day of April nineteen hundred and nine, comprises land on which timber, trees, wood, or underwood are growing, the value of such timber, trees, wood, or underwood shall not be taken into account in estimating the principal value of the estate or the rate of estate duty, and estate duty shall not be payable thereon, but shall, at the rate due to the principal value of the estate, be payable on the net moneys (if any), after deducting all necessary outgoings since the death of the deceased, which may from time to time be received from the sale of timber, trees, or wood when felled or cut during the period which may elapse until the land, on the death of some other person, again becomes liable or would, but for this subsection, have become liable to estate duty, and the owners or trustees of such land shall account for and pay the same accordingly as and when such moneys are received, with interest at the rate of three per cent, per annum from the date when such moneys are received.

This section shall take effect in substitution for the first paragraph of subsection five of section sixty-one of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, and that paragraph and section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1911, are hereby repealed.

10. Subsection (3) of section two of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, shall apply to the case of any transfer on sale of the fee simple of the land or of any interest in the land which took place between the twenty-ninth day of April nineteen hundred and nine and the date of the commencement of that Act, or took place after the commencement of that Act in pursuance of any contract made before the commencement of that Act, as it applies to the case of a transfer on sale which took place within twenty years before the thirtieth day of April nineteen hundred and nine.

In the cases where the original site value has been finally settled before the passing of this Act an application may be made, notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of the said section, under that subsection for the purpose of giving effect to this provision within three months after the passing of this Act, and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall in such a case alter the original site value as finally settled, in such manner (if any) as may be necessary to give effect to the amendment made by this section, and in cases where any amount has been paid on account of duty the Commissioners shall make such repayment as may be necessary to adjust the amount paid to any alteration of value made in pursuance of this provision.

11. — (1) The amount of rent taken to be the rental value under sections twenty and twenty-one of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, of a right to work minerals (where the right is the subject of a mining lease), or of a mineral wayleave shall, in cases where the lessor is liable under any Act to pay any sum on account of rates, be the sum which would be payable as rent if the lessee were liable instead of the lessor.

Estate duty on timber.

10 Edw. 7. c. 8. 1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 48.

Amendment of s. 2 (3) of 10 Edw. 7. c. 8.

Allowance of rates paid by the proprietor in estimating rental value for purposes of mineral rights duty.

58

Ch. 8, 9.

Finance A, 1912.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

(2) Where, for the purpose of ascertaining the rental value of minerals which are being worked by the proprietor, it is necessary for the Commissioners to determine the sum which would have been received as rent by the proprietor if the right to work the minerals had been leased to a working lessee, that rent shall be determined on the basis of the lessee paying, all rates in respect of the minerals, notwithstanding that the case may be one in which the proprietor would have been liable to pay the rates or some part thereof.

Part IV.

National Debt.

Suspension 12. The obligation to issue the old sinking fund to the

issue of oW National Debt Commissioners under section five of the Sinking sinking fund Fund Act, 1875, shall not apply to the old sinking fund for the for 1911-12. year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and 38 & 39 Vict, twelve in so far as the amount of that fund exceeds five million cW- pounds.

Part V. General.

Construction 13. — (1) Part I. of this Act so far as it relates to duties

and short title. of customs shall be construed together with the Customs Con-39 & 40 Vict 40 Vict* solidation Act, 1876, and the Acts amending that Act, and so 5 & 6 Vict ^ar as relates to duties of excise shall be construed together

c. 35. with the Acts which relate to the duties of excise and the

16 & 17 Vict, management of those duties.

c. 34, Part II. of this Act shall be construed together with the

Income Tax Acts, 1842 and 1853, and any other enactments relating to income tax.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1912.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

[7th August 1912.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tills present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Continuance of 1« The additional duty of Customs on tea removed or additional imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section one of the Isle foiMicco, ^pfdts, °* Man (Customs) Act, 1906, and the additional duties of ale, and beer. ' Customs on tobacco and spirits removed or imported into the 6 Edw. 7. c. 18. isle of Man imposed by section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Vict’ Act, 1900, and the additional duty on ale and beer removed or

1912.

Isle of Man (Customs) Ac, 1912. Ch. 9, 10.

59

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by the second paragraph of section two of that Act, shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid as from the first day of August nineteen hundred and twelve until the first day of August nineteen hundred and thirteen.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1912.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to make such provisions with respect to the prohibition of catching Seals and Sea Otters in certain parts of the Pacific Ocean, and for the enforcement of such prohibitions as are necessary to carry out a Convention between His Majesty the King and the United States of America, the Emperor of Japan, and the Emperor of All the Russias.

[7th August 1912.]

WHEREAS a Convention has been entered into between His Majesty and the United States of America, the Emperor of Japan, and the Emperor of All the Russias with respect to the prohibition of pelagic sealing in certain parts of the Pacific Ocean, and it is desirable that such amendments of the law should be made as will enable effect to be given to that Convention:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The seas with respect to which an Order in Council Extension of may be made under the Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act,

1895, prohibiting the killing, taking, and hunting of seals ^aiing^a^be therein shall include the seas within such part of the Pacific prohibited. Ocean as is north of the thirtieth parallel of north latitude, 82*59 Vict* including the seas of Behring, Kamchatka, Okhotsk and Japan, and accordingly that Act shall have effect as if in subsection (2) of section seven thereof for the words "within that part of the " Pacific Ocean known as Behring’s Sea and within such other " parts of the Pacific Ocean as are north of the forty-second " parallel of north latitude " there were substituted the words "within such part of the Pacific Ocean as is north of the " thirtieth parallel of north latitude, including the seas of " Behring, Kamchatka, Okhotsk and Japan." 2 *

2. His Majesty in Council shall have the like power of Power to pro-

making Orders in Council under the said Act as amended by aid hunting of

this Act with respect to the killing, taking, and hunting of sea sea otter*.

60

Ch. 10.

Prohibition of using ports for purposes of pelagic sealing contrary to Order.

57 & 58 Vict. c. (10.

Prohibition of importation of skins of seals captured in contravention of Order.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36.

Power to extend certain proviaioiw outside the United Kingdom.

Seal Fisheries (Pacific) 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Act, 1912.

otters within such part of the Pacific Ocean as aforesaid as with respect to the killing, taking, and hunting of seals, and that Act as so amended shall apply accordingly.

3. — (1) If any person uses any port within the United Kingdom for the purpose of equipping any ship intended to be used or employed in killing, taking, or hunting seals in contravention of any such Order as aforesaid, he shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable to be dealt with as if such offence were an offence declared to be a misdemeanour by the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, and the ship and her equipment and everything on board thereof shall be subject to forfeiture to His Majesty.

(2) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that there is reasonable cause for believing that a ship has been or is being equipped contrary to this section, the Secretary of State may authorise the Board of Trade, or any officer of the Board, to seize and detain the ship. Where such an authority is given, the ship may be seized and detained in like manner as if it were liable to seizure and detention under the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1907.

(3) For the purposes of this section, " equipping " in relation to a ship shall include the furnishing of a ship with any tackle, apparel, furniture, provisions, munitions, fuel or stores, or any other thing which is used in or about a ship for the purpose of fitting or adapting her for the sea or for killing, taking, or hunting seals.

4. Skins of seals taken in contravention of any such Order as aforesaid, and skins of seals identified as being of the species known as Callorhinus alascanus, Callorhinus ursinus, and CaUorhinus kurilensis, and belonging to the American, Russian, or Japanese herds, except such as are taken under the authority of the respective Powers to which the breeding grounds of such herds belong and have been officially marked and certified as having been so taken, shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be deemed to be included in the table of prohibitions and restrictions contained in section forty-two of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and that section shall apply accordingly. 5

5. — (1) His Majesty may by Order in Council extend the provisions of the last two foregoing sections to any part of His Majesty's dominions outside the United Kingdom to any British protectorate and to Cyprus, subject to such modifications and adaptations as may appear to him to be necessary:

Provided that those provisions shall not be so extended to a self-governing dominion except with the consent of the Governor General in Council or Governor in Council of the dominion.

1912. Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1912. Ch. 10, 11. 61

(2) For the purposes of this section, "self-governing dominion" means the Dominion of Canada, the Commonwealth of Australia, the Dominion of New Zealand, the Union of South Africa, and Newfoundland.

6. This Act may be cited as the Seal Fisheries (North short title and Pacific) Act, 1912, and shall be construed with the Seal Fisheries construction' (North Pacific) Act, 1895; and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Acts, 1895 and 1912.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[7th August 1912.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For the purpose of local loans, there may be issued Grants for by the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, Public workB* namely: —

(a) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of six million pounds:

(b) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public

Works in Ireland, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of six hundred thousand pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, so & si Vict. 1887. «•16' 2

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several certain debt *

local loans specified in the Schedule to this Act should, to the m

extent specified in the last column of that schedule, not be J^tTof local reckoned as assets of the local loans fund established under loans fund, the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore, the principal of the said loans shall to that extent be written off

from the assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

62 Ch. 11. Public Works Loans, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Remission of 3. Whereas in pursuance of an agreement made in the year principafand eighteen hundred and ninety-two the sum of ten thousand pounds interest in was advanced by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to the Eyemouth Eyemouth Harbour Trustees on the security of the harbour Harbour loan, revenues with the collateral security of the Fishery Board for Scotland:

And whereas under an arrangement confirmed by section 1 Edw. 7.C. 35. three of the Public Works Loans Act, 1901, the liability of the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees in respect of the said loan has been extinguished without prejudice to the liability of the Fishery Board for Scotland to repay that loan, and, in consequence thereof, the said collateral security is the sole security for the repayment of the said loan:

And whereas the terms of the said collateral security are embodied in a memorandum of agreement between the Secretary for Scotland and the Public Works Loan Commissioners, dated the eleventh day of March eighteen hundred and ninety-two, whereby a portion of the " surplus herring brand fees, " as defined in clause three of the said memorandum, was pledged in security for the repayment of the said loan with interest by the instalments and at the times mentioned in the security given by the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees for the said loan, and it was provided that the said portion of the "surplus herring brand fees " of any one year should only be applicable to the repayment of the one-fiftieth part of principal and interest on outstanding principal falling due under the security for the said loan in the same year, and should not be applicable to the repayment of arrears of principal:

And whereas the said portion of the " surplus herring brand fees " so pledged as aforesaid, was in the year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and twelve insufficient to discharge in full the instalment of principal with interest which fell due under the security for the said loan in that year, and the principal sum of two hundred pounds, with interest amounting to two hundred and one pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence, now remains unpaid and under the terms of the said memorandum of agreement is irrecoverable:

Therefore the said principal sum of two hundred pounds shall be extinguished, and the said arrears of interest amounting to two hundred and one pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence shall be remitted.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans

Act, 1912.

1912.

Public Works Loam, 1912. Ch. 11.

63

SCHEDULE . Section 2

Part I.

Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners.

Loan under the Harbours and Passing Tolls, 1861 (24 4* 25 Vict. 47).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

£ £ s. d.

Eyemouth Harbour Trustees 10,000 200 0 0

Part II.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland.

(1) Loans under the Landed Property Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1847 (10 Vc. 32).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d.

Maurice Hickey - 200 0 0 17 16 5

Philip Cahill .... 100 0 0 76 1 11

Thomas Shorten - 160 0 0 159 7 8

Sundry items .... — 14 14 10

(2) Loans under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863 (26 & 27 Vict. c. 88).

i Name of Proprietor. i Amount of Principal Charge. Amount to be written off.

P. Leonard ... £ 8. d. 267 4 2 £ 8. d. 42 4 0

F. 0. Hawkes .... 321 4 10 249 2 6

Surgeon-General Johnson Ferguson Earl of Erne .... 55 8 0 55 8 0

1, 215 14 5 331 2 6

Ch. 11. Public Works Loans, 1912. 2 3 Geo. 5.

(3) Loans under the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland), 1870 (33 $34 FZcf. c. 46).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

£ 8. d. £ s. d.

Patrick O’Kane (Ecklin) 340 0 0 186 1 10

Philip Cahill .... 416 0 0 265 15 10

(4) Loans under the Land Law (Ireland) Aety 1881 (44 fy45 c. 49. 31).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d.

John Farrelly - 95 0 0 45 18 2

James Fitzgerald .... 58 0 0 43 2 1

Patrick Bourke .... 28 0 0 23 9 4

Patrick Keene .... 50 0 0 19 7 6

John Kearney - 125 ! 0 0 25 8 9

Cornelias Snllivan r 50 0 0 16 8 9

1 30 0 0 11 10 9

Michael Lynch and James Lynch 80 0 0 25 11 8

James McNamara 60 0 0 42 12 7

Thomas McNamara | 60 0 0 42 2 11

Martin Butledge -; 50 0 0 33 19 5

George Crowley, senior - 250 0 0 80 17 3

Denis Kavanagh .... 75 0 0 45 13 9

1912.

Elementary School Teachers

(Superannuation) Act, 1912. Ch. 12.

65

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to amend the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, as originally enacted and as applied by any other Act.

[7th August 1912.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The rate of contribution under the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898 (hereinafter referred to as " the principal Act "), shall be fixed, in the case of a man, at three pounds twelve shillings and in the case of a woman at two pounds eight shillings a year, and accordingly in paragraph (h) of subsection (2) of section one of the principal Act the words "three pounds twelve shillings " and " two pounds eight shillings " shall be substituted respectively for the words "three pounds" and "two pounds, " and in the same subsection the words "or at such increased rate as may for the time being be " fixed by the Treasury in accordance with this Act, " and subsections (3) and (4) (which authorise the Treasury to vary the rate of contribution) shall be repealed.

(2) Paragraph (d) of subsection (2) of section one and paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section five of the principal Act (which relate to the amount of superannuation allowances) shall, in their application to persons who attained the age of sixty-five years on or after the first day of April nineteen hundred and twelve, or who may hereafter attain that age, have effect, and be deemed as from the said date to have had effect, as if for the words "ten shillings " there were substituted the words "one pound."

(3) Subsection (1) of section two of the principal Act (which relates to the amount of disablement allowances) shall, in its application to persons who have applied for a disablement allowance on or after the first day of April nineteen hundred and twelve, or who may hereafter apply for such an allowance, have effect and be deemed as from the said date to have had effect as if for the words "one pound " there were substituted the words "one pound ten shillings " and for the words "thirteen shillings and fourpence " there were substituted the words "one pound." 2

2. — (1) Where a disablement allowance granted under the principal Act has been determined by the Treasury, whether before or after the passing of this Act, and the person to whom

Alteration of rates of contribution and benefits.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 57.

Supplemental provisions as to annuities and allowances.

66 Ch. 12. Elementary School Teachers 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

(Superannuation), 1912.

it was granted attained the age of sixty-five on or after the first day of April nineteen hundred and twelve or hereafter attains that age, he shall, notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section two of the principal Act, be entitled to the like deferred annuity and may be granted the like superannuation allowance as if no disablement allowance had ever been granted to him.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of section two of the principal Act a disablement allowance need not be reconsidered at intervals of not less than three years in any case where the Treasury so direct.

Application 3. Nothing in this Act shall affect a teacher serving in the

to isle of Man lsle of Man or the Island of Jersey or in respect of his service as o?Jersey8 and a teacher in such Island unless and until the Legislature of the Isle of Man or the Island of Jersey, as the case may be, adopts this Act or any provisions thereof, and, if either such Legislature 63 & 64 Vict, does adopt this Act or any provisions thereof, the Elementary c. 38. School Teachers Superannuation (Isle of Man) Act, 1900, or the

63 & 64 Vict. Elementary School Teachers Superannuation (Jersey) Act, 1900, c*40- as the case may be, shall be construed as if for references therein

to the principal Act there were substituted references to the principal Act as amended by this Act or by the provisions adopted, as the case may be:

Provided that either such Legislature may, in adopting this Act or any provisions thereof, substitute some later date for the first day of April nineteen hundred and twelve.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Elementary School Teachers

(Superannuation) Act, 1912, and shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and that Act, the Elementary School Teachers Superannuation (Isle of Man) Act, 1900, the Elementary School Teachers Superannuation (Jersey) Act, 1900, and this Act may be cited together as the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1898 to 1912.

1912.

London Institution (Transfer) Act, 1912. Ch. 13.

67

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to provide for the transfer to the Commissioners of Works of certain property of the London Institution for the purposes of a School of Oriental Studies, and for the dissolution of the Institution, and for purposes in connection therewith.

[13th December 1912.]

WHEREAS by royal charter dated the twenty-first day of January eighteen hundred and seven (herein-after referred to as the charter of the Institution) a society (hereinafter referred to as the Institution) was incorporated by the name of "The London Institution for the Advancement of Literature and the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge" for the purposes mentioned in the charter:

And whereas the affairs of the Institution are regulated by the charter of the Institution and by an Act passed in the session of the first and second years of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled "An Act for providing an increase of the annual income of the London Institution" (herein-after referred to as the recited Act):

And whereas it is proposed to establish a School of Oriental Studies, and it has been arranged that certain of the property of the Institution shall be transferred to the Commissioners of Works (herein-after referred to as the Commissioners) with a view to its use for the purposes of, and in connection with, such school, and such arrangement has been confirmed at a general meeting of the proprietors of the Institution held on the twenty-fifth day of March nineteen hundred and twelve:

And Whereas it is expedient for the above-mentioned purpose that the Institution should be dissolved, and that such provisions should be made as in this Act appear for the disposal of the property of the Institution not transferred to the Commissioners by this Act and for the benefit of the proprietors and life members of the Institution:

And whereas the objects of this Act cannot be attained without the authority of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) As from the commencement of this Act all the Transfer of property of the Institution, other than the funds belonging to the ce^tai"fp^' Institution and such other property as is herein-after expressly Kstftution^o specified, shall, by virtue of this Act, vest in the Commissioners, the Conmm-freed and discharged from all incumbrances and rights affecting slont‘rs* the property at that date, with a view to the use of the property for the purposes of, and in connection with, a School of Oriental Studies.

F

68 Ch. 13. London Institution (Transfer) Act, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Disposal of property retained by Institution and dissolution of Institution.

Provision for continuing members.

(2) The funds belonging to the Institution, whether invested or not, and such of the books and manuscripts belonging to the Institution as may be agreed between the Commissioners and the committee of management of the Institution, shall not vest in the Commissioners, but shall be retained by the Institution and shall be disposed of as herein-after provided in this Act.

(3) There shall be paid to the Institution, in consideration for the vesting of the property aforesaid in the Commissioners, the sum of twelve thousand pounds, together with such further sum (if any) as the Treasury may approve, out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) The Commissioners may transfer any property, other than real property, vested in them by this Act, on such conditions as they think fit, to the governing body of the School of Oriental Studies, upon the establishment of such a school.

2. — (1) The funds retained by the Institution as aforesaid, shall, so far as necessary, be realized, and shall, together with such sum as may be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, be disposed of by the Institution as soon as may be in the following manner and in the following order: —

(1) in the payment and discharge of all the debts and

liabilities of the Institution, including the payment of sums in settlement of claims made against the Institution; and

(ii) in making the payments and transfers specified in the

Schedule to this Act to the proprietors of the Institution or their legal personal representatives; and

(iii) in the distribution of any surplus remaining after the

payments aforesaid for the benefit of such of the past and present members of the staff of the Institution, or of their families, as the committee of management of the Institution may select, in such manner' and in such proportions as the committee in their discretion think fit.

(2) The books and manuscripts retained by the Institution shall be transferred to such public institutions as may be determined by the committee of management of the Institution.

(3) As soon as the disposition of property required to be made by this section has been made, the Institution shall be and is hereby dissolved and the charter of the Institution shall be and is hereby revoked, and the recited Act shall be and is hereby repealed.

3. The following persons, that is to say —

(1) such of the persons who were at the commencement of this Act proprietors of the Institution as signify in writing to the Commissioners before the first day of January nineteen hundred and thirteen their intention of availing themselves of the provisions of this section; and

1912.

London Institution (Transfer) Act, 1912. Ch. 13.

69

(2) any persons who were at the commencement of this Act life members of the Institution; and

(3) any person who at any time after the commencement of this Act is nominated for the enjoyment of the rights conferred by this section by any person who, if this Act had not been passed, might at that time have nominated him as a life member of the Institution;

(all of which persons are herein-after referred to as continuing members), shall be entitled for as long as they so desire to continue to make such use of the library, theatre and other buildings and property vested in the Commissioners by this Act (including at least the exclusive use of two rooms as a reading room and smoking room respectively) as in the opinion of the Commissioners is reasonable and not calculated to interfere with the main purposes for which the buildings and property are intended to be used:

Provided that the rights of continuing members who were at the commencement of this Act proprietors of the Institution shall be subject to the obligation to pay, in the year nineteen Hundred and thirteen and in each succeeding year, to such persons at such times as the Commissioners may determine, an annual subscription of two guineas to be applied for the benefit of the continuing members in their use of such buildings and property as aforesaid, and if in any year the income derived from subscriptions and from any voluntary payments which may be made by or on behalf of continuing members falls below one hundred and seventy pounds, then at the conclusion of the year all rights under this section shall be determined, and this section shall cease to have effect: Provided also that the continuing members or a majority of tl^em may appoint a Committee having power to bind the continuing members by its decisions on matters affecting them, and the income derived from such subscriptions as aforesaid, may, with the approval of the Commissioners, be administered by the Committee.

4. Any person who, having been a proprietor of the Institu- Provisions tion, has forfeited his share by nonpayment of the annual p^priSo^40 sum payable in respect thereof, and was at the commencement whose shares of this Act entitled, on making the payments specified in the have laPsed-recited Act, to have his share restored, shall, if he makes the said payments before the first day of January nineteen hundred and thirteen, but not otherwise, be entitled to the rights and privileges conferred on proprietors of the Institution by this Act.

5. — (1) This Act may be cited as the London Institution (Transfer) Act, 1912.

(2) The provisions of this Act shall have effect, notwithstanding anything contained in the recited Act or in the charter of the Institution.

Short title, and supersession of recited Act and charter.

70

Section 2.

Offences of cruelty.

Ch. 13, 14. London Institution (Transfer) 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Act, 1912.

SCHEDULE.

Payments to be made to Proprietors of the Institution.

There shall be paid to every person who was a proprietor at the commencement of this Act, not being a person whose share was discharged from the payment of annual sums by virtue of the payment of a gross sum, or to his legal personal representatives, the sum of twenty-five pounds.

There shall he transferred to every such proprietor whose share was so discharged, or to his legal personal representatives, the sum of seventy pounds 2\ per cent, consolidated stock.

A person holding more than one share shall he entitled to payment in respect of each share.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to consolidate and amend enactments relating to Animals and Knackers; and to make further provision with respect thereto.

[13th December 1912.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) If any person —

(a) shall cruelly beat, kick, ill-treat, over-ride, over-drive, over-load, torture, infuriate, or terrify any animal, or shall cause or procure, or, being the owner, permit any animal to be so used, or shall, by wantonly or unreasonably doing or omitting to do any act, or causing or procuring the commission or omission of any act, cause any unnecessary suffering, or, being the owner, permit any unnecessary suffering to be so caused to any animal; or (b) shall convey or carry, or cause or procure, or, being the owner, permit to be conveyed or carried, any animal in such manner or position as to cause that animal any unnecessary suffering; or (e) shall cause, procure, or assist at the fighting or baiting of any animal; or shall keep, use, manage, or act or assist in the management of, any premises or place for the purpose, or partly for the purpose, of fighting or baiting any animal, or shall permit any premises or place to be so kept, managed, or used, or shall receive, or cause or procure any person to receive, money for the admission of any person to such premises or place; or

1912. Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912. Ch. 14.

71

(d) Shall wilfully, without any reasonable cause or excuse,

administer, or cause or procure, or being the owner permit, such administration of, any poisonous or injurious drug or substance to any animal, or shall wilfully, without any reasonable cause or excuse, cause any such substance to be taken by any animal; or

(e) Shall subject, or cause or procure, or being the owner

permit, to be subjected, any animal to any operation which is performed without due care and humanity; such person shall be guilty of an offence of cruelty within the meaning of this Act, and shall be liable upon summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty-five pounds, or alternatively, or in addition thereto, to be imprisoned, with or without hard labour, for any term not exceeding six months.

(2) For the purposes of this section, an owner shall be deemed to have permitted cruelty within the meaning of this Act if he shall have failed to exercise reasonable care and supervision in respect of the protection of the animal therefrom:

Provided that, where an owner is convicted of permitting cruelty within the meaning of this Act by reason only of his having failed to exercise such care and supervision, he shall not be liable to imprisonment without the option of a fine.

(3) Nothing in this section shall render illegal any act

lawfully done under the Cruelty to Animals Act, 1876, or shall 39 & 40 Vict. apply — c. 77.

(a) to the commission or omission of any act in the course

of the destruction, or the preparation for destruction, of any animal as food for mankind, unless such destruction or such preparation was accompanied by the infliction of unnecessary suffering; or

(b) to the coursing or hunting of any captive animal,

unless such animal is liberated in an injured, mutilated, or exhausted condition; but a captive animal shall not, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to be coursed or hunted before it is liberated for the purpose of being coursed or hunted, or after it has been re-captured, or if it is under control.

2. Where the owner of an animal is convicted of an offence Power for of cruelty within the meaning of this Act, it shall be lawful for aestJuctioif61 the court, if the court is satisfied that it would be cruel to of animal, keep the animal alive, to direct that the animal be destroyed, and to assign the animal to any suitable person for that purpose; and the person to whom such animal is so assigned shall, as soon as possible, destroy such animal, or cause or procure such animal to be destroyed, in his presence without unnecessary suffering. Any reasonable expenses incurred in destroying the animal may be ordered by the court to be paid by the owner, and thereupon shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt:

72

Power for court to deprive person convicted of cruelty of ownership of animal.

t

Compensation for damage done by cruelty to an animal.

Knackers to be registered and to comply with certain regulations.

Ch. 14. Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Provided that, unless the owner assent, no order shall be made under this section except upon the evidence of a duly registered veterinary surgeon.

3. If the owner of any animal shall be guilty of cruelty within the meaning of this Act to the animal, the court, upon his conviction thereof, may, if they think fit, in addition to any other punishment, deprive such person of the ownership of the animal, and may make such order as to the disposal of the animal as they think fit under the circumstances:

Provided that no order shall be made under this section, unless it is shown by evidence as to a previous conviction, or as to the character of the owner, or otherwise, that the animal, if left with the owner, is likely to be exposed to further cruelty.

4. If any person shall, by cruelty within the meaning of this Act to any animal, do or cause to be done, any damage or injury to the animal or any person or property, he shall, upon conviction for the cruelty under this Act, be liable upon the application of the person aggrieved to be ordered to pay as compensation to the person who shall sustain damage or injury as aforesaid, such sum not exceeding ten pounds as the court before whom he is convicted may consider reasonable; and such sum shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt by the person to whom it is ordered to be paid:

Provided that this section shall not —

(a) prevent the taking of any other legal proceedings in

respect of any such damage or injury, so that a person be not twice proceeded against in respect of the same claim; nor

(b) affect the liability of any person to be punished under

this Act for an offence of cruelty within the meaning of this Act:

Provided further that a person shall not be ordered to pay any sum as compensation under this section unless he has had reasonable notice of the application to be made by the person aggrieved, including notice of the amount claimed.

5. — (1) No person shall keep or use any building or place as a knacker’s yard without first taking out a licence for that purpose, which licence every sheriff within his own county is hereby authorised to grant, upon being satisfied that the person applying for such licence is a proper person for keeping such yard, and upon payment of a sum not exceeding five shillings to the sheriff clerk for making out and recording such licence; and a copy of such licence shall be recorded in the sheriff clerk’s books; and any person shall at all reasonable hours be entitled to inspect such books and to make any extract relating to such licence therefrom, upon payment to the sheriff clerk of six pence for such inspection and extract; and any person contravening this provision shall be liable upon summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

1912.

Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912. Ch. 14.

73

(2) Every person who shall carry on, or assist in carrying on, the trade or business of a knacker shall observe and conform to the regulations set out in the First Schedule to this Act, and, if any person, carrying on or assisting in the carrying on of the said trade or business, contravenes or fails to comply with, or causes or procures or permits any contravention or non-compliance with, any such regulation, he shall be liable upon summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(3) Any constable shall have a right to enter any knacker’s yard at any hour by day, or at any hour when business is or apparently is in progress or is usually carried on therein, for the purpose of examining whether there is or has been any contravention of or non-compliance with the provisions of this Act, and, if any person refuses to permit any constable to enter any premises which he is entitled to enter under this section, or obstructs or impedes him in the execution of his duty under this section, he shall, upon summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(4) For the purposes of section one, which relates to offences of cruelty, of this Act, a knacker shall be deemed to be the owner of any animal delivered to him.

(5) For the purposes of this Act, an animal shall be deemed to have been delivered to a knacker if it has been delivered either to the knacker himself, or to any person on his behalf, or at the knacker’s yard. 6 7

6. — (1) It shall not be lawful for any person who shall be licensed to slaughter horses, during the time while such licence shall be in force, to carry on the trade or business of a dealer in horses.

(2) If any person shall act in contravention of this section, he shall be liable upon summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

7. If any person —

(a) shall sell, dr offer or expose for sale, or give away, or

cause or procure any person to sell or offer or expose for sale or give away, or knowingly be a party to the sale or offering or exposing for sale or giving away of any grain or seed which has been rendered poisonous except for bona fide use in agriculture; or

(b) shall knowingly put or place, or cause or procure any

person to put or place, or knowingly be a party to the putting or placing, in or upon any land or building any poison, or any fluid or edible matter (not being sown seed or grain) which has been rendered poisonous;

such person shall, upon summary conviction, be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds:

Persons licensed to slaughter horses not to be horse dealers at same time.

Poisoned grain and flesh, &c.

74 Ch. 14. Protection of Animals (2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Act, 1912.

Use of dogs for purposes of draught.

Inspection of traps.

Injured

animals.

Provided that, in any proceedings under paragraph (b) of this section, it shall he a defence that the poison was placed by the accused for the purpose of destroying vermin, where such is found to be necessary in the interests of the public health, agriculture, or the preservation of other animals, domestic or wild, or for the purpose of manuring the land, and that he took all reasonable precautions to prevent access thereto of dogs, cats, fowls, or other domestic animals.

8. If any person shall use, or cause or procure, or being the owner permit, to be used, any dog for the purpose of drawing or helping to draw any cart, carriage, truck, or barrow, on any public highway, he shall be liable upon summary conviction in respect of the first offence to a fine not exceeding two pounds, and in respect of the second or any subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

9. Any person who sets, or causes or procures to be set, any spring trap, or any snare, for the purpose of catching any hare or rabbit, or which is so placed as to be likely to catch any hare or rabbit, shall inspect, or cause some competent person to inspect, the trap or snare at least once every day, and, if any person shall fail to comply with the provisions of this section, he shall be liable upon summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

10. — (1) If a constable finds any animal so diseased or so severely injured or in such a physical condition that, in his opinion, having regard to the means available for removing the animal, there is no possibility of removing it without cruelty, he shall, if the owner is absent or refuses to consent to the destruction of the animal, at once summon a duly registered veterinary surgeon, if any such veterinary surgeon resides within a reasonable distance, and, if it appears by the certificate of such veterinary surgeon that the animal is mortally injured, or so severely injured, or so diseased, or in such physical condition, that it is cruel to keep it alive, it shall be lawful for the constable, without the consent of the owner, to slaughter the animal, or cause or procure it to be slaughtered, with such instruments or appliances, and with such precautions, and in such manner, as to inflict no unnecessary suffering, and, if the slaughter takes place on any public highway, to remove the carcase or cause or procure it to be removed therefrom.

(2) If any veterinary surgeon summoned under this section certifies that the injured animal can without cruelty be removed, it shall be the duty of the person in charge of the animal to cause it forthwith to be removed with as little suffering as possible, and, if that person fail so to do, the constable may, without the consent of that person, cause the animal forthwith to be so removed.

(3) Any expense which may be reasonably incurred by any police constable in carrying out the provisions of this section

1912.

Protection of Animals (

Act, 1912. Ch. 14.

75

(including the expenses of any veterinary surgeon summoned by the constable, and whether the animal is slaughtered under this section or not) may be recovered from the owner summarily as a civil debt, and, subject thereto, any such expense shall be defrayed out of the fund from which the expenses of the police are payable in the area in which the animal is found.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the expression "animal" means any horse, mule, ass, ox, sheep, goat, or pig.

11. — (1) A constable may apprehend without warrant any person whom he has reason to believe (whether upon his own view or upon the complaint and information of any other person, who shall declare his name and place of abode to such constable) to be guilty of an offence under this Act which is punishable by imprisonment without the option of a fine.

(2) Where a person having charge of a vehicle or animal is apprehended by a constable for an offence under this Act, it shall be lawful for that or any other constable to take charge of such vehicle or animal, and to deposit the same in some place of safe custody until the termination of the proceedings or until the court shall direct such vehicle or animal to be delivered to the person charged or the owner, and the reasonable costs of such detention, including the reasonable costs of veterinary treatment where such treatment is required, shall, in the event of a conviction in respect of the said animal, be recoverable from the owner summarily as a civil debt, or, where the owner himself is convicted, shall be part of the costs of the case.

12. — (1) Where proceedings are instituted under this Act, it shall be lawful for the court after reasonable notice to any person (not being the owner) against whom such proceedings are instituted, to issue a citation directed to the owner of the animal requiring him to produce either at, or at any time before, the hearing of the case, as may be stated in the citation, the animal for the inspection of the court, if such production is possible without cruelty.

(2) Where a citation is issued under the foregoing subsection of this section, and the owner fails to comply therewith without satisfactory excuse, he shall be liable upon summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds for the first occasion, and not exceeding ten pounds for the second or any subsequent occasion, on which he so fails, and may be required to pay the costs of any adjournment rendered necessary by his failure.

13. In this Act, except the context otherwise requires, or it is otherwise expressly provided, —

(a) the expression "animal" means any domestic or captive animal;

(b) the expression "domestic animal" means any horse, ass, mule, ox, sheep, pig, goat, dog, cat, or fowl, or any other animal of whatsoever kind or species, and whether a quadruped or not which is tame or which

Powers of constables.

Owners to produce animals if so required.

Definitions.

76

Ch. 14.

53 & 54 Vict. c. 67.

Extent of Act.

Repeals.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 27.

Commencement, saving for pending proceedings, and short title.

Protection of Animals (

Act, 1912.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

has been or is being sufficiently tamed to serve some purpose for the use of man;

(c) the expression "captive animal" means any animal

(not being a domestic animal) of whatsoever kind or species, and whether a quadruped or not, including any bird, fish, or reptile, which is in captivity, or confinement, or which is maimed, pinioned, or subjected to any appliance or contrivance for the purpose of hindering or preventing its escape from captivity or confinement;

(d) the expression "horse " includes any mare, gelding,

pony, foal, colt, filly, or stallion; and the expression "ox " includes any cow, bullock, heifer, calf, steer, or bull, and the expression "sheep " includes any lamb, ewe, or ram; and the expression "pig " includes any boar, hog, or sow; and the expression "goat" includes a kid; and the expression "dog " includes any bitch, sapling, or puppy; and the expression "cat " includes a kitten; and the expression "fowl " includes any cock, hen, chicken, capon, turkey, goose, gander, duck, drake, guinea-fowl, peacock, peahen, swan, or pigeon;

(e) The expression "knacker" means a person whose trade

or business it is to kill any cattle not killed for the purpose of the flesh being used as butcher’s meat, and the expression "knacker’s yard" means any building or place used for the purpose, or partly for the purpose, of such trade or business, and the expression "cattle" includes any horse, ass, mule, ox, sheep, goat, or pig;

(f) The word " constable " includes any constable within the meaning of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890, and any justice of the peace, constable, or sheriff officer.

14. This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

15. — (1) So far as applying to Scotland, the enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, are repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act are repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

16. — (1) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and thirteen.

(2) This Act shall not apply where proceedings have been instituted before the commencement of this Act.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912; and this Act and the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, may be cited together as the Protection of Animals Acts, 1911 and 1912.

1912.

Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912. Ch. 14.

77

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

1. The name of the knacker, together with the word "knacker, ’* shall be painted or affixed in a conspicuous manner over the door or gate of the knacker’s yard.

2. The hair shall be cut from the neck of any horse, ass, or mule directly the animal has been delivered to the knacker.

3. All animals shall be slaughtered, with no unnecessary suffering, within two days from the time they have been delivered to the knacker. Any animal which is in pain shall be so slaughtered without delay.

4. All animals shall he properly fed and watered after they have been delivered to the knacker.

5. No animal shall be used or employed for any work after it has been delivered to the knacker.

6. The knacker shall enter in a book kept for the purpose such a full and correct description of the colour, marks, and gender of every animal delivered to him as may clearly distinguish and identify the same, and the name and address of the owner thereof, and the book shall be produced by him before any court upon tho requirement of such court, and the knacker shall allow such hook to be inspected and extracts to be made therefrom at all reasonable times by any constable or by any other person authorised by any court.

7. No person who is under the age of sixteen years shall be admitted to, or permitted to remain in, the knacker’s yard during the process of slaughtering or of cutting up the carcase of any animal.

8. No animal shall be killed in the sight of any other animal awaiting slaughter.

9. The knacker shall not sell or part with alive, or cause or procure or permit any person to sell or part with alive, any animal which has been delivered to him.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 92. The Cruelty to Animals (Scotland) Act, 1850. The whole Act.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 13. The Cruelty to Animals (Scotland) Act, 1895. The whole Act.

9 Edw. 7. c. 33. The Wild Animals in Captivity (Scotland) Act, 1909. The whole Act.

Section 5.

Section 15.

78

Ch. 15, 16. Marriages in Japan (2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Act, 1912.

Validation of certain marriages.

[Short title.]

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages solemnized in the Empire of Japan.

[13th December 1912.]

WHEREAS doubts have been entertained with respect to the validity of certain marriages (both or one of the parties thereto being subjects or a subject of this realm) solemnized in the Empire of Japan since the sixteenth of July eighteen hundred and ninety-nine (being the date when a treaty between Her late Majesty Queen Victoria, and His Majesty the Emperor of Japan, dated the sixteenth of July eighteen hundred and ninety-four came into force), and it is expedient to remove those doubts:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. All marriages (both or one of the parties thereto being subjects or a subject of this realm) solemnized before the passing of this Act in the Empire of Japan, which would have been valid if solemnized immediately before the said sixteenth of July eighteen hundred and ninety-nine, shall be and shall be deemed always to have been as valid in law as if they had been solemnized within His Majesty's dominions with the due observance of all forms required by law:

Provided that this Act shall not render valid any marriage which before the passing of this Act has been declared invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, or affect any right dependent on the validity or invalidity thereof, or render valid any marriage either of the parties to which has subsequently during the life of the other lawfully intermarried with any other person.

2. This Act may be cited as the Marriages in Japan (Validity) Act, 1912.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to make provision for the Acquisition of Property for the Extension of the Royal Scottish Museum at Edinburgh.

[13th December 1912.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the Royal Scottish Museum, situate at Chambers Street in the city of Edinburgh:

1912. Royal Scottish Museum (Extension) Act, 1912. Ch. 16. 79

And whereas for that purpose it is expedient that the Commissioners of Works should be empowered to acquire certain land and buildings situated in the city parish of the said city of Edinburgh:

And whereas those lands and buildings cannot be acquired without the authority of Parliament:

And whereas duplicate plans describing the situation of the land proposed to be acquired, with the houses and buildings thereon, with a book of reference thereto containing the names of the owners and lessees or reputed owners and lessees, and of the occupiers thereof (in this Act respectively referred to as the deposited plans and the deposited book of reference), have been deposited with the sheriff clerk of the county of Midlothian:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners may purchase and acquire for the Power to purposes of this Act all or any of the lands delineated on the Purchase land deposited plans and described in the deposited book of reference.

2. — (1) For the purpose of the purchase and acquisition of incorporation land under this Act, the Lands Clauses Acts shall, subject to the ci^icts provisions of this Act, be incorporated with this Act with the following exceptions and modifications: —

(a) The provisions relating to the sale of superfluous land

and access to the special Act shall not be incorporated with this Act:

(b) In the construction of this Act, and of the incorporated

Acts, this Act shall be deemed to be the "special Act, " and the Commissioners shall be deemed to be the " promoters of the undertaking ":

(c) The bond required by section eighty-four of the Lands 8 & 9 Vict c. 19

Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, shall be under the common seal of the Commissioners, and shall be sufficient without the addition of the securities mentioned in that section:

(d) All claims for compensation made upon the Commissioners under this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, shall, if the person claiming has no greater interest in the land in respect of which compensation is claimed, than as tenant from year to year, or as a leaseholder for any term of which not more than eighteen months remain unexpired at the time at which the claim is made, be determined in manner provided by section one hundred and fourteen of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845.

(e) There may be contained in the verdict of a jury or the

award of arbiters, or of an oversman, a finding that

80

Ch. 16.

Extinction of rights of way and other servitudes.

Royal Scottish Museum (Extension) Act, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

the claimant, after having been requested in writing by the Commissioners so to do, has failed to deliver to the Commissioners a statement in writing of the amount claimed, giving sufficient particulars and in sufficient time to enable the Commissioners to make a proper offer, and where such a finding is contained in a verdict or award the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts as to expenses of inquiries and arbitrations shall apply as if the Commissioners had offered the same sum or a greater sum than that found due by the verdict or award:

Provided that this provision shall not apply unless the written request for particulars contains a notice of the effect of this provision.

(2) The powers of the Commissioners for the compulsory purchase of land under this Act shall cease after the expiration of five years from the passing of this Act.

3. All rights of way, rights of laying down or of continuing any pipes, sewers, or drains, on, through, or under any of the lands acquired by or vested in the Commissioners under the provisions of this Act, and all other rights and servitudes in or relating to such lands shall be extinguished, and all the soil of such ways, and the property in the pipes, sewers, and drains shall vest in the Commissioners:

Provided that any person may recover from the Commissioners such compensation (if any) as they may be entitled to under any of the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts for any rights or property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this section, and the amount of that compensation shall be determined in manner provided by the Lands Clauses Acts as modified for the purpose of their incorporation with this Act: Provided also that with respect to any pipes, sewers, drains, or electric lighting distributing mains or service lines belonging to the corporation of Edinburgh, the Edinburgh and District Water Trustees, and the Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Commissioners respectively, within any such lands, the Commissioners shall, before they interfere with any such pipes, sewers, drains, mains, or lines, or interrupt the flow of sewage, water, gas, or electricity therein, as the case may be, give at least one month’s previous written notice of their intention to the town clerk of Edinburgh, the clerk to the said Water Trustees, and the clerk to the said Gas Commissioners respectively, and the owners respectively of the said pipes, sewers, drains, mains, and lines may, at the expense of the Commissioners, remove the same and provide such new pipes, sewers, drains, mains, and lines as they may respectively consider necessary, or otherwise do everything they may deem requisite for protecting the flow of sewage, water, gas, or electricity, as the case may be.

1912.

Royal Scottish Museum (Extension) Act, 1912. Ch. 16. 81

4. The Commissioners and their surveyors, officers, and workmen may, at all reasonable time in the daytime on giving twenty-four hours’ notice in writing, enter on any of the land which the Commissioners are authorised to acquire under this Act for the purpose of surveying or valuing the same.

5. The Commissioners, after they have obtained possession of any land which they are authorised to acquire under this Act, may erect all such buildings, execute all such works, and do all such other things, as may in their opinion be necessary or proper for the purpose of extending the Royal Scottish Museum, and appropriating any such land for that purpose.

6. — (1) All expenses incurred by the Commissioners under this Act shall, so far as provision is not otherwise made for them, be defrayed out of money provided by Parliament.

(2) The provisions of the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852, and any Act amending that Act, shall apply in the case of the acquisition of land by the Commissioners under this Act in like manner as in the case of a purchase under that Act, and any land acquired by the Commissioners under this Act, or acquired by them before the passing of this Act for the extension of the Royal Scottish Museum, at Edinburgh, shall be held by the Commissioners for the public service in like manner as if those lands had been purchased under the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852.

7. — (1) If any omission, misstatement, or erroneous description is found to have been made in respect of any of the lands or of any of the owners, lessees, or occupiers of any of the lands delineated on the deposited plans or described in the deposited book of reference, the Commissioners, after giving ten days’ notice to the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the lands affected by the proposed correction, may apply for the correction thereof to the sheriff of the county of Midlothian, and, if it appears to the sheriff that the omission, misstatement, or erroneous description arose from mistake, he shall grant a certificate accordingly.

(2) The sheriff shall state in his certificate the particulars of any omission and in what respects any matter is misstated or erroneously described.

(3) A certificate granted under this section shall be deposited in the same manner as if it had originally formed part of the deposited plans or deposited book of reference (as the case may be), and shall be kept therewith, and shall be deemed to be part thereof, and upon the deposit of the certificate the deposited plans or the deposited book of reference (as the case requires) shall, for the purpose of the powers by this Act conferred on the Commissioners, be deemed to be corrected according to the certificate.

8. If any person wilfully obstructs any person acting under the authority of the Commissioners in the lawful exercise of the powers vested in them under this Act, he shall, in respect of each

Power to enter on lands.

Power of Commissioners to build.

Payment of expenses and application of 15 & 16 Vict,

c. 28.

Correction of errors, See. in deposited plans and book of reference.

Penalty for obstruction of Commissioners* officers.

82

Signature of notices.-

[Short title.]

diminution of penalty.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 27. s. 1(1).

[Short title.]

Ch. 16, 17, 18. Royal Scottish Museum (Extension) 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Act, 1912.

offence, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

9. Any notice, summons, writ, or other document required to be given, issued, or signed by or on behalf of the Commissioners may be given, issued, or signed by the secretary, or assistant secretary of the Commissioners, and need not be under their common seal.

10. This Act may be cited as the Royal Scottish Museum (Extension) Act, 1912.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, in respect of its Imprisonment Penalty.

[13th December 1912.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Subsection (1) of section one of the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, shall be amended by substituting the word "three " for the word "six."

2. This Act may be cited as the Protection of Animals Act (1911) Amendment Act, 1912.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[13th December 1912.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire, as respects the Acts mentioned in Part I. of that schedule, on the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and twelve, and, as respects the Acts mentioned in Part II. of that schedule, on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and thirteen:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance as in this Act mentioned of those Acts, and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1912.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1912. Ch. 18.

83

1. — (1) The Acts mentioned in Part I. of the schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and thirteen, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II. of the schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and fourteen, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1912.

SCHEDULE.

Part 1.

1. 2. 3. 4.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(1) 3 ft Vict. The Poor Rate Exemption The whole Act,

c. 89. Act, 1840.

(2) 3 & 4 Vict. The Textile Manufactures The whole Act 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68.

c. 91. (Ireland) Act, 1840. _ 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

(3) 4 & 5 Vict. The Ordnance Survey The whole Act 33 Vict. c. 13.

c. 30. Act, 1841. 47 & 48 Vict. c. 43. 52 Sc53 Vict. c. 30.

(*) 10 & 11 Vict. The Ecclesiastical Juris- As to the provisions

c. 98. diction Act, 1847. continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

(5)

14 & 15 Vict. The Episcopal and Capi- j The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116.

c. 104. tular Estates Act. 1851. 21 & 22 Vict. c. 94. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict. c. 114.

s. 10.

(6)

17 & 18 Vict, The Corrupt Practices So much as is con- 26 & 27 Vict. c. 2!).

c. 102. | Prevention Act, 1854. tinued by the Cor- s. 6.

rupt and Illegal 31 Sc32 Vict. c. 125.

Practices Preven- 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

lion Act, 1883. I

Continuance of Acts in schedule.

Short, title.

Section 1.

84

Ch. 18. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(7) 26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. The Promissory Notes Act, 1863. The whole Act 46 & 46 Vict. c. 61.

(8) 27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act. —

(9) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

(10) 28 & 29 Vict. c. 83. The Locomotives Act, 1865 I i The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict. c. 58. 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. i (Part II.):59 Sc60 Vict. c. 36. 61 Sc62 Vict. c. 29. 1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 45.

(11) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. (12) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 21. (13) 32 & 83 Vict. c. 66. | The Parliamentary Elec-j tions Act, 1868. So much as is continued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. 42 & 43 Vict. c. 75. 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act, 1869. The whole Act 34 & 35 Vict. c. 61.

The Endowed Schools Act, 1869. As to the powers of making schemes. 36 k37 Vict. c. 87. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 87. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 40. 8 Edw. 7. c. 39.

(14) 38 & 34 Vict. c. 112. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) Act, 1870. The whole Act 34 k35 Vict. c. 100. 49 Vict. c. 6.

(16) 34 & 35 Vict. c. 87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. The whole Act. —

(16) 36 & 36 Vict, j c. 33. ! (17) 38 & 39 Vict. 1 c. 84. (18) 39 & 40 Vict. c. 21. (19) 41 & 42 Vict. c. 41. (20) 43 Vict. c. 18. The Ballot Act, 1872 The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections).

The Parliamentary Elections (Returning Otfi-cers) Act, 1875. The whole Act. 46 k47 Vict. c. 51. s. 32. 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 57.

The Jurors Qualification, (Ireland) Act, 1876. The whole Act I 1 57 & 58 Vict. c. 49. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. s. 69.

The Parliamentary Elections Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) < Act, 1878. 1 The whole Act j 48 & 49 Vict. c. 62. 49# 50 Vict. c. 58. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 49.

The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880. | t The whole Act - ! i i 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

1012.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1912,

Ch. 18,

85

[Short Title.]

1. Session and Chapter. 2. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(21) 43 at Vict. C. 42. The Employers’ Liability Act, 1880. The whole Act 6 Edw. 7. c. 58. s. 14.

(22) 46 at 47 Vict. c. 61. (23) 47 at 48 Vict. c. 70. (24) 51 at 52 Vict. c. 55. The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888. The whole Act The whole Act The whole Act. 58 & 59 Vict. c. 40. 56 & 57 Vict. c. 73. 1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 7.

(25) 52 at 53 Vict. c. 40. (26) 58 at 59 Vict. c. 21. The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889. The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1895. As to the powers of the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners. The whole Act. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

(27) 59 Vict. c. 1. - The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. The whole Act. —

(28) 59 at 60 Vict. c. 48. The Light Railways Act, 1896. As to the powers of the Light Railway Commissioners. —

(29) 61 & 62 Vict. c. 49. The Vaccination Act, 1898 The whole Act 7 Edw. 7. c. 31.

(30) 2 Edw. 7.C. 18. The Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1902. The whole Act. —

(31) 3 Edw. 7. c. 36. The Motor Car Act, 1903 The whole Act. —

(32) 4 Edw. 7. c. 24. The Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904. The whole Act. —

(33) 5 Edw. 7. c. 18. The Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905. The whole Act. —

(34) 7 Edw. 7.C. 55. (35) 8 Edw. 7. c. 58. The London Cab and Stage Carriage Act, 1907. The Local Registration o£ Title (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1908. As to the abolition of the privileged cab system, s. 2. The whole Act. —

H

86

Ch. 18, 19. Expiring Laws Continuance, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Power of Board of Trade to submit order to Parliament. 59 & 60 Vict. c. 48.

Extension of limit on amount available for special advances.

Part II.

1. 2. 3. 4.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(85) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 16. The Agricultural Rates Act, 1896. The whole Act. —

(36) 59 & 60 Vict. c. 37. The Agricultural Rates, Congested Districts, and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896. The whole Act. —

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to continue and amend the Light Railways Act, 1896.

[13th December 1912.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) If any order under the Light Railways Act, 1896 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), is not confirmed by the Board of Trade on the ground that the proposals of the promoters ought to be submitted to Parliament in pursuance of subsection (3) of section nine of the principal Act, the Board may, if they think fit, submit the proposals to Parliament by bringing in a Bill for the confirmation of the Order.

(2) If, while a Bill confirming any such Order is pending in either House of Parliament, a petition is presented against the Order, the Bill, so far as it relates to the Order, may be referred to a Select Committee, or, if the two Houses of Parliament think fit so to order, to a Joint Committee of both Houses, and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of Private Bills.

(3) On bringing in a Bill under this section for the confirmation of an Order, the Board of Trade shall make a special report to Parliament with respect to the Order. 2 *

2. The sum of seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds

shall be substituted in section six of the principal Act for two hundred and fifty thousand pounds as the limit of the amount

which may be expended for the purpose of special advances under that Act.

1912. Light Railways Act, 1912. Ch. 19. 87

3. In the case of an application for an advance under Part I. Reference to of the Development and Road Improvement Funds Act, 1909, co^miSoners for the purpose of a light railway in Great Britain by any body of applications or person other than a Government Department, the Light for advances Railway Commissioners shall, for the purposes of section four of Development that Act, be taken to be the Government department concerned, and Road im-and accordingly the application shall be sent by the Treasury

under that section to the Light Railway Commissioners, to be by im them referred, together with their report thereon, to the Develop- 9 Edw- 5 7-c-47-ment Commissioners.

4. Notwithstanding anything contained in section eleven of Power to the principal Act, provision may be made by an order under ^&y98*92 the principal Act for varying section ninety-two of the Lands Vict. c. 18, Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or section ninety of the Lands g^ts]ar^Pects Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, as incorporated in 8C90 of 8 & 9 the order in such a manner as to provide for the taking of part Vict- c. 19. only of a house, building, or manufactory, except where it

is shown to the authority to whom the question of disputed compensation is submitted that that part cannot be severed from the remainder of the property without material detriment thereto, but no such provision shall be made unless the Light Railway Commissioners are satisfied that special notice of the proposal to acquire part only of the house, building, or manufactory has been given under paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section seven of the principal Act to the owner, lessee, and occupier of the house, building, or manufactory.

5. — (1) The requirement contained in paragraph (*) of Miscellaneous subsection (2) of section three of the principal Act that the expenditure of a council shall in a certain case be limited by the Act!nnClpa order shall be amended by the substitution of the words "such

" amount as the Board of Trade think fit under the circumstances, " for the words "such amount as will, in the opinion " of the Board of Trade, bear due proportion to the benefit " which may be expected to accrue to their area from the " construction or working of the railway."

(2) There shall be substituted for the words "a railway company existing at the time will construct and work the railway " if an advance is made by the Treasury under this section " in subsection (1) of section five of the principal Act, the words "a railway company working railways open for traffic has " entered into an undertaking, subject to an advance being " made by the Treasury under this section, to work the light " railway when constructed."

(3) The following paragraphs shall be substituted for paragraphs (c) and (d) of section eleven of the principal Act: —

" (c) giving the necessary powers for constructing and working the railway and any works incidental thereto, including power to make agreements with

88

Ch. 19.

Light Railways Act, 1912.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Amendment of sec tion 24 of principal Act as to amending orders.

Winding-up of the light railway company on sale of undertaking,

8 Edw. 7. c. 69.

any railway or other company, or any authority, person, or body of persons, for the purpose; and

"(d) giving any railway or any other company or any authority, person, or body of persons any power required for carrying the order into effect; and "

(4) In subsection (1) of section sixteen of the principal Act a reference to an application for an order under that Act shall include a reference to an intended application for such an order, and a reference to parishes shall include a reference to parts of parishes.

(5) It is hereby declared that the fixed period referred to in subsection (4) of section sixteen of the principal Act need not be a period fixed by the order, but may be a period fixed as occasion requires by the Board of Trade or other Government Department.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in section sixteen of the principal Act, any expenses incurred by the council of a borough with reference to the application for a light railway order, or in pursuance of such an order, may be made payable either out of the borough fund or rate, or as expenses incurred in the execution of the Public Health Acts as the order may prescribe.

6. Where a light railway order authorising the construction of a light railway on public roads empowers any local authority to acquire the railway, and an application is made under the principal Act by any local or road authorities in whose area any part of the railway is situate for an order amending the original order, the amending order may, notwithstanding anything in proviso (c) of section twenty-four of the principal Act, determine or vary the authorities by whom the railway may be acquired, and may provide for the maintenance, management, and working of the railway when acquired under the order, and may make such further provisions as are necessary for giving full effect to the order:

Provided that the provisions of the original order relating to the period within which the right of acquiring the railway must be exercised, and to the basis on which the purchase money is to be assessed, shall not be altered by the amending order without the consent of the owners of the railway.

7. Where, on the application of any company incorporated by an order under the principal Act, it is shown to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade, either by statutory declaration or such other evidence as the Board consider sufficient, that the company have, owing to the sale of their undertaking or otherwise, ceased to be in a position to carry out the objects for which they were incorporated, the Board of Trade may, if they think fit, by order declare that the company shall be wound up, and on any such order being made the provisions of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, shall apply as if the

1932.

Light Railways, 1912.

Cfi. 19.

89

company were a company within the meaning of that Act, and had resolved by special resolution that the company be wound up voluntarily.

8. — (1) Any matter which, under any light railway order, Light Railway whether made before or after the passing of this Act, is to be determined by arbitration, shall be determined by the Light Railway Commissioners as arbitrators, if the parties make a

joint application to the Commissioners for the purpose, and, where under any such order the Board of Trade have power to appoint an arbitrator for the determination of any matter, the Board of Trade may, with the consent of the parties, appoint the Light Railway Commissioners to be arbitrators.

(2) Where the Light Railway Commissioners act as arbitrators under this section, whether in pursuance of an agreement between the parties or of an appointment by the Board of Trade, 37 & 38 Vict, the Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c., Act, 1874, shall apply as c-40-if the Light Railway Commissioners were appointed arbitrators by the Board of Trade in pursuance of a special Act, and the Arbitration Act, 1889, shall apply for the purpose of the deter- 52 & 53 Vict, mination of the matter by the Light Railway Commissioners as c-49-if the arbitration were pursuant to a submission.

9. — (1) Subject to the special provisions of this Act with Arbitration, respect to the Light Railway Commissioners acting as arbitrators,

any matter which under any light railway order, made after the passing of this Act, is to be determined by arbitration shall, subject to any special provisions of the order, be determined by the Board of Trade, or, if the Board of Trade think lit, by a single arbitrator appointed by them.

(2) The Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c., Act, 1874, shall apply with reference to the determination by the Board of any matter referred to them, and to the appointment of an arbitrator, as if this Act or the light railway order were a special Act within the meaning of section four of the said Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c., Act, 1874.

(3) The Arbitration Act, 1889, shall apply for the purpose of the determination of any matter by an arbitrator appointed by the Board of Trade as if the arbitration were pursuant to a submission.

10. The powers of the Light Railway Commissioners under continuance of

the principal Act shall continue for five years after the date ^Ti^com.ht of the passing of this Act. rai8sioners- 11

11. This Act may be cited as the Light Railways Act, 1912, Short title, and shall be read as one with the principal Act, and the principal

Act and this Act may be cited together as the Light Railways Acts, 1896 and 1912.

90

Power to arrest without warrant persons offending against 48 & 49 Vict c. 69. s. 2.

Amendment of 48 & 49 Vict. c. 69. s. 2.

Increased penalties for procurers.

Suppression of brothels.

Determination of tenancy of premises on conviction for permitting use as brothel, &e.

Ch. 20. Criminal Laic Amendment Act, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, the Vagrancy Act, 1898, and the Immoral Traffic (Scotland) Act, 1902.

[13th December 1912.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. A constable may take into custody without a warrant any person whom he shall have good cause to suspect of having committed, or of attempting to commit, any offence against section two of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885 (which relates to procuration and attempted procuration).

2. In paragraphs (3) and (4) of section two of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, the words "or frequent " shall be inserted after the words "an inmate of " wherever those words occur.

3. Any male person who is convicted under section two of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, may, at the discretion of the court, and in addition to any term of imprisonment awarded in respect of the said offence, be sentenced to be once privately whipped, and the number of strokes and the instrument with which they shall be inflicted shall be specified by the court in the sentence.

4. — (1) Section thirteen of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, shall, so far as it relates to brothels, be amended by inserting after the word "occupier " the words "or person in charge."

(2) Any person who is convicted of a third or subsequent of Eence against the said section thirteen shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds or, in the discretion of the court, to imprisonment for any term not exceeding twelve months, with or without hard labour, and, in addition to any such penalty or imprisonment, may be required by the court to enter into a recognizance with or without sureties, or in Scotland to grant a bond of caution, to be of good behaviour for any period not exceeding twelve months, and, in default of entering into such recognizance, or granting such bond, such person may be imprisoned for a period not exceeding three months in addition to any term of imprisonment awarded in respect of his said of Eence.

(3) The provisions of section thirteen of the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, in so far as they relate to third or subsequent offences, are hereby repealed.

5. — (1) Upon the conviction, after the passing of this Act, of the tenant, lessee, or occupier of any premises of knowingly permitting the premises, or any part thereof, to be used as a brothel, the landlord or lessor shall be entitled to require the person so convicted to assign the lease or other contract under which the said premises are held by him to some person.

1912. Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1912. Ch. 20. 91

approved by the landlord or lessor, which approval shall not he unreasonably withheld, and, in the event of the person so convicted failing within three months to assign the lease or contract as aforesaid, the landlord or lessor shall be entitled to determine the lease or other contract but without prejudice to the rights or remedies of any party to such lease or contract accrued before the date of such determination. If the landlord or lessor should so determine the lease or other contract of tenancy, the court which has convicted the tenant, lessee, or occupier shall have power to make a summary order for delivery of possession to the landlord or lessor.

(2) If the landlord or lessor after such conviction has been brought to his notice fails to exercise his rights under the foregoing provisions of this section and subsequently during the subsistence of the lease or contract any such offence is again committed in respect of the premises, the landlord or lessor shall be deemed to have knowingly aided or abetted the commission of that offence, unless he proves that he had taken all reasonable steps to prevent the recurrence of the offence.

(3) Where a landlord or lessor determines a lease or other contract under the powers conferred by this section and subsequently grants another lease or enters into another contract of tenancy to, with, or for the benefit of the same person without causing to be inserted in such lease or contract all reasonable provisions for the prevention of a recurrence of any such offence as aforesaid, he shall be deemed to have failed to exercise his rights under the foregoing provisions of this section, and any such offence as aforesaid committed during the subsistence of the subsequent lease or contract shall be deemed, for the purposes of this section, to have been committed during the subsistence of the previous lease or contract.

(4) A person quitting premises in Ireland held by him under a lease or contract which has been determined in pursuance of

this Act shall not be entitled to compensation under the Town 6 Edw. 7. c. 54. Tenants (Ireland) Act, 1906.

6. — (1) The provisions in section four hundred and three Determination of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, relating to the void- °[.et^gCnsCQ11uf ance or termination of any lease or arrangement to let shall con^iction^or apply in like'manner upon a conviction under section thirteen of permitting use the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, as amended by this Act. Scotland^0 '

(2) This section shall be substituted in Scotland for section 55 & 56 Vict, five of this Act. c. 55.

7. — (1) In section one of the Vagrancy Act, 1898, and in Amendments section one of the Immoral Traffic (Scotland) Act, 1902, in sub- of 61 & 62 Vict, section (3) (which deals with the evidence of living on the 2 Edw!*?. earnings of prostitution) there shall be substituted for the c. 11. words "and has no visible means of subsistence" the words

" or is proved to have exercised control, direction, or influence " over the movements of a prostitute in such a manner as to " show that he is aiding, abetting, or compelling her prostitution " with any other person or generally."

(2) The period of imprisonment with hard labour which may be awarded to a person deemed t8'gib§d rogue and vaga-

92

5 Geo. 4. c. 83.

Restriction on application of Act.

[Short title.]

Ch. 20. Criminal Law Amendment, 1912. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

bond under the Vagrancy Act, 1898, or to a person convicted summarily of a crime and offence under the Immoral Traffic (Scotland) Act, 1902, shall be increased to six months, but such person shall not be liable to be dealt with as an incorrigible rogue within the meaning of the Vagrancy Act, 1824. Save as aforesaid, nothing in this subsection shall affect the powers of a court of summary jurisdiction to deal with a person deemed to be a rogue and vagabond under the Vagrancy Act, 1898, anything in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

(3) The Vagrancy Act, 1898, as amended by this section shall extend to Ireland with this modification, that for the words "be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the meaning " of the Vagrancy Act, 1824, and be liable to be dealt with " accordingly" there shall be substituted the words "be liable " on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not " exceeding six months with hard labour."

(4) Every female who is proved to have, for the purposes of gain, exercised control, direction, or influence over the movements of a prostitute in such a manner as to show that she is aiding, abetting, or compelling her prostitution with any person, or generally, shall be guilty of an offence under the Vagrancy Act, 1898, or in Scotland under the Immoral Traffic (Scotland) Act, 1902, and those Acts as amended and extended by this section shall apply accordingly.

(5) A person charged with an offence under the Vagrancy Act, 1898, or the Immoral Traffic (Scotland) Act, 1902, may, instead of being proceeded against in England as a rogue and vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland summarily, be proceeded against on indictment, and on conviction on indictment shall be liable to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for a term not exceeding two years, and, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, such second or subsequent conviction being a conviction on indictment, the court may, in addition to any term of imprisonment awarded, sentence the offender if a male to be once privately whipped, and the number of strokes and the instrument with which they shall be inflicted shall be specified by the court in the sentence.

(6) The wife or husband of a person charged with an offence under either of the said Acts may be called as a witness either for the prosecution or defence and without the consent of the person charged, but nothing in this provision shall affect a case where the wife or husband of a person charged with an offence may at common law be called as a witness without the consent of that person.

8. This Act shall not apply to proceedings pending at the commencement of this Act.

9. This Act may be cited as the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1912; and the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, and this Act may be cited together as the Criminal Law-Amendment Acts, 1885 to 1912.

1913.

Agricultural Holdings Ac, 1913. Ch. 21, 22.

93

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to remove doubts as to the effect of subsection (2) of section forty-two of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908, and the enactments re-enacted in that subsection.

[14th February 1913.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For removing doubts as to the effect of subsection (2) of section forty-two of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908, and any enactment which is re-enacted by that subsection, it is hereby declared that a tenancy from year to year under a contract of tenancy current on the first day of January, eighteen hundred and ninety-six, shall not be deemed to have been determined thereafter by virtue of any provision contained in section sixty-one of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, and the said subsection shall be repealed from the words "Provided that " to the end of the subsection.

(2) This Act shall apply to any claim for compensation which has not before the passing of this Act been determined by any judgment or order of a court of competent jurisdiction or award or agreement, whether the improvement to which the claim relates was made or begun before or after the commencement of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908.

2. This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1913, and the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908, and this Act may be cited together as the Agricultural Holdings Acts, 1908 and 1913.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the Aerial Navigation Act, 1911.

[14th February 1913.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The purposes for which a Secretary of State may make orders prohibiting the navigation of aircraft over prescribed areas under the Aerial Navigation Act, 1911, shall include the purposes of the defence or safety of the realm, and, where an order is made for those purposes, the area prescribed may include the whole or any part of the coastline of the United Kingdom and the territorial waters adjacent thereto.

I

Removal of doubts as to effect of 8 Edw. 7. c. 28. s. 4. (2), &c.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 61.

[Short title.]

Extension of power of Secretary of State to regulate aircraft.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 4.

94

Off. 22, 23.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Power to compel compliance when aircraft disobeys signals

[Short title.]

Reduction in number of principal clerks of Session.

52 & 58 Vict. c. 54.

Aerial Navigation Act, 1913.

(2) The power of the Secretary of State under the said Act shall include power by order to prescribe the areas within which aircraft coming from any place outside the United Kingdom are to land and the other conditions to be complied with by such aircraft, and, if any person contravenes any of the provisions of any such order, he shall be guilty of an offence under the said Act, unless he proves that he was compelled to do so by reason of stress of weather or other circumstances over which he had no control.

2. If an aircraft flies or attempts to fly over any area prescribed under this Act for the purposes of the defence or safety of the realm, or, in the case of an aircraft coming from any place outside the United Kingdom, fails to comply with any of the conditions as to landing prescribed by an order under the last foregoing section, it shall be lawful for any officer designated for the purpose by regulations made by the Secretary of State, to cause such signal as may be prescribed by those regulations to be given, and, if after such signal has been given the aircraft fails to respond to the signal by complying with such regulations as may be made by the Secretary of State prescribing the action to be taken on such a signal being given, it shall be lawful for the officer to fire at or into such aircraft and to use any and every other means necessary to compel compliance, and every and any such officer and every other person acting in his aid and by his direction shall be and is hereby indemnified and discharged from any indictment, penalty, action, or other proceeding for so doing.

3. This Act may be cited as the Aerial Navigation Act, 1913; and the Aerial Navigation Act, 1911, and this Act may be cited together as the Aerial Navigation Acts, 1911 and 1913.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to reduce the number of Principal Clerks of the Court of Session in Scotland.

[7th March 1913.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: 1

1. From and after the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of principal clerk of Session and notwithstanding anything contained in the Clerks of Session (Scotland) Regulation Act, 1889, or in any other Act, there shall be only one principal clerk of Session, who shall be vested with the powers conferred by or in pursuance of the said Act or any other Act on the two principal clerks of Session, and any references in the said Act or in any other Act to the principal clerks of Session or either of them

1913. Clerks of Session (Scotland)Regulation Ch. 23, 24. 95

Act, 1913.

shall be construed as references to the principal clerk for the time being.

2. This Act may be cited as the Clerks of Session (Scotland) Short title and Regulation Act, 1913; and the Clerks of Session (Scotland) Cltafcl0n' Regulation Act, 1889, and this Act shall be construed as one Act, and may be cited together as the Clerks of Session (Scotland) Regulation Acts, 1889 and 1913.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the Shops Act, 1912, in its application to premises for the sale of refreshments.

[7th March 1913.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) The provisions of section one of the Shops Act, 1912, Amendment of shall not apply to shop assistants employed in any premises for f^0*5' jv the sale of refreshments, whether licensed for the sale of intoxi- tion to Ca" eating liquor or not, if their employment is wholly or mainly in P^es for connexion with the sale of intoxicating liquors or refreshments refreshments, for consumption on the premises, and if the occupier of the premises, by such a notice as is hereinafter mentioned, signifies that he elects that instead of those provisions the following provisions shall apply: —

(a) No such assistant shall be employed for more than sixty-five hours in any week exclusive of meal times.

(b) Provision shall be made for securing to every such assistant —

(i) thirty-two whole holidays on a week day in every year, of which at least two shall be given within the currency of each month and which shall comprise a holiday on full pay of not less than six consecutive days;

(ii) twenty-six whole holidays on Sunday in every year, so distributed that at least one out of every three consecutive Sundays shall be a whole holiday:

Provided that two half holidays on a week day shall be deemed equivalent to one whole holiday on a week day.

(c) Intervals for meals shall be allowed to every such assistant

amounting on a half holiday to not less than three-quarters of an hour, and on every other day to not less than two hours, and no assistant shall be employed for more than six hours without being allowed an interval of at least half an hour:

96

Ch. 24, 25.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Short title and extent.

Shops Act, 1913.

Provided that this provision shall not apply if the only persons employed as such shop assistants are members of the family of the occupier of the premises maintained by him and dwelling in his house.

(d) The occupier shall affix and constantly maintain in a conspicuous position in the premises a notice in the prescribed form referring to the provisions of this section, and stating the steps taken with a view to compliance therewith.

(2) Where the occupier of any premises has signified as aforesaid that he elects that the foregoing provisions shall apply, and any of those provisions are nor complied with, the occupier of the premises shall be guilty of an offence against the Shops Act, 1912, and shall be liable to a fine not exceeding —

(a) in the case of a first offence, one pound;

(b) in the case of a second offence, five pounds; and

(c) in the case of a third or subsequent offence, ten pounds.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the expression "half holiday" means a day on which the employment of an assistant ceases not later than three o’clock in the afternoon and on which he is not employed for more than six hours including meal-time.

(4) A notice under this section may be withdrawn by the occupier of the shop at the expiration of a year from the date when it was given, and thereafter at the expiration of any succeeding year, and upon any such withdrawal section one of the Shops Act, 1912, shall apply to the shop in like manner as before the notice was given.

(5) The Shops Act, 1912, as amended by this Act, shall, in its application to any premises in respect to which a notice under this section is in force, have effect as though the definition of "shop assistant " included all persons wholly or mainly employed in any capacity at the premises in connexion with the business there carried on.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Shops Act, 1913, and shall be construed as one with the Shops Act, 1912; and the Shops Act, 1912, and this Act may be cited together as the Shops Acts, 1912 and 1913.

(2) This Act shall not extend to shops in Ireland in which the business of the sale by retail of intoxicating liquors is carried on.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to prevent the Spread and provide for the Treatment of Tuberculosis; and for other purposes connected therewith.

[7th March 1913.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1913.

97

Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland) Ch. 25.

Act, 1913.

[Expenses of

1. — (1) The provisions of Part II. of the Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland) Act, 1908 (in this Act referred to as the principal Act), with respect to the classification of expenses of g Edw 7 o 5g county councils as establishment expenses and patients’ expenses

shall cease to have effect, and all expenses of a county council under the principal Act or this Act shall be raised by means of the poor rate, and, as respects the expenses of the council of any county other than a county borough, as a county-at-large charge.

(2) A county council, for the purpose of defraying expenses incurred by them in the execution of the principal Act or this Act in the financial year ending the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and thirteen, for the payment of which provision was not made in their estimates for that year, may, subject to the approval of the Local Government Board, borrow money temporarily as for the purposes of section four of the principal Act, or otherwise as the Local Government Board may sanction.

(3) Sections seven and ten of the principal Act shall cease to have effect.

2. — (1) The county councils providing a common hospital or contributions

dispensary under Part II. of the principal Act shall contribute by <*unty to the expenses thereof in such proportions as may be agreed conunonhos-upon or, in default of agreement, in such proportions as may be pitais and determined by the Local Government Board. dispensaries.

(2) Section nine of the principal Act shall cease to have effect.

3. — (1) Any joint board constituted under the Public Health Transfer to (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1907, for the provision of a hospital for SalsCil8 the treatment of consumptives, may, with the consent of the provided under Local Government Board, enter into and carry into effect an the Public agreement for the transfer of the hospital and the property held Hea t Acts’ or used in connexion therewith to the council of any county or

to the councils of any two or more counties jointly for the purposes of Part H. of the principal Act, and the Local Government Board may, after due inquiry, make under their seal such orders as may be necessary to enable the agreement to be carried into effect.

(2) An order of the Local Government Board under this section may, amongst other things, provide for the dissolution of the joint board, and the repeal or amendment of any provisional order relating to that board, and may apportion and adjust any property, income, debts, liabilities, and expenses of any area or authority affected by the transfer, and shall contain such consequential provisions with respect to the settlement of differences, payment of sums, and otherwise as to the Local Government Board may seem necessary.

(3) For the purpose of paying any sum in pursuance of an order under this section, a local authority may borrow, in the case

98

Ch. 25. Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland) Act, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Sites for hospitals and dispensaries.

of a county council as for the purposes of section four of the principal Act, and, in the case of the council -of any county district, as for the purposes of the Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1907.

(4) The provisions of any order made under this section shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

Persons who 4. It is hereby declared that a person suffering from tuber-crivedin6 culosis may be admitted to and maintained and treated in any county council hospital provided under Part II. of the principal Act, notwith-hospitals. standing that he is not an inhabitant of a county the council of which has provided or has joined in providing the hospital.

5. — (1) The Local Government Board may place any land vested in them at the disposal of a county council as a site for a hospital or dispensary to be provided under Part H. of the principal Act, and may convey the land to the county council for that purpose upon such terms and conditions as they think proper.

(2) Before any land is dealt with under this section the Local Government Board shall give public notice by advertisement in the locality in which the land is situate, and, if objection in writing is made to the proposal by any person interested in the land, the land shall not be placed at the disposal of a county council unless a public inquiry has been held in the locality in which the land is situate and the person holding such inquiry reports to the Local Government Board in favour of the land being so dealt with.

6. — (1) The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and may be cited as the Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland) Act, 1913; and this Act and the principal Act may be cited together as the Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland) Acts, 1908 and 1913.

Repeal, short title, and construction.

Section 6.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Extent of Repeal.

8 Edw. 7. c. 56 The Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland) Act, 1908. Section seven. Subsection (2) of section eight. Section nine. Section ten. In section thirteen, paragraph (5). Subsection (3) of section fifteen.

1913.

Pensions (Governors of,

Amendment Act, 1913. Ch. 26, 27. 99

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend subsection (1) of section five of the Pensions (Governors of Dominions, &c.) Act, 1911, with respect to service in British Protectorates and other like service.

[7th March 1913.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purposes of subsection (1) of section five of the Service in Pensions (Governors of Dominions, &c.) Act, 1911 (which relates civiis^rvLe to the reckoning of Governors’ service for a civil service pension), of state to service in the permanent Civil Service of the State shall include *ncludf^rTi<J! and shall be deemed always to have included pensionable for the purpose employment in any permanent office in the government of a of l & 2 Geo. 5. British protectorate. c* 24‘s'5

For the purposes of this provision —

The expression "pensionable employment" means employment which qualifies the holder of the office to receive a pension out of the revenues of the protectorate; and The expression "British protectorate " shall be deemed to include the Malay States.

2. This Act may be cited as the Pensions (Governors of Short title and Dominions, &c.) Amendment Act, 1913, and shall be con- construction, strued as one with the Pensions (Governors of Dominions, &c.) Act, 1911.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[7th March 1913.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

100 Ch. 27. Appropriation (1912-3) Act, 1913. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Issue of 2, 618, 5162. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

64 & 55 Vict. c. 24.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for the army services be not exceeded.

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, the sum of two million six hundred and eighteen thousand five hundred and sixteen pounds.

Appropriation of Grants.

2. All sums granted by this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by Schedule (A.), in the aggregate, to the sum of two million six hundred and eighteen thousand five hundred and sixteen pounds are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of this Act, for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the [sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the said schedule.

3. — (1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on military services is not made to exceed the aggregate sum! appropriated by this Act any surplus arising on any vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of

1913.

Appropriation (1912-3) Act, 1913. Ch. 27.

101

a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the military services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

[Short title,

4. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation (1912-3) Act, 1913.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

£ 8. d.

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund - 2, 618, 516 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1912-1913.

r Army (Supplementary) - 248,000 100,000

Part 1 >< Army Ordnance Factories (Supplementary) ... 100 120,000

, 2. Civil Services (Supplementary) - 2, 370, 416 19, 270

Total ... 2, 618, 516 239, 270

102

Ch. 27.

Appropriation (1912-3) Act, 1913. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

£ 8. d.

For the Service of the Tear ending on the 31st day of March 1913 ...... 2, 618, 516 0 0

schedule SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants. — Part 1.

(B.)

Fart 1* Army (Supplementary) 1912-1913.

Army (Supplementary) Sum granted to meet additional Expenditure in respect of the following 1912-1913. Army Services for the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913,

viz.: —

Vote 1. — Pay, &c. of the Army .... 215,000, 6* — Quartering, Transport, and Remounts - - 68,000

, 7. — Supplies and Clothing .... 95,000

, 8. — Ordnance Department Establishments and General

Stores ...... 45,000

423,000

Less Surplus on Vote 10 (Works and Buildings) - 75,000

348,000

Appropriations in Aid - 100,000

Supply Grant .... £248,000

Army (Ordnance Factories) Supplementary, 1912-1913.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Sums granted to meet additional Expenditure for Army Ordnance Factories for the year ending on the 31st day of March 1913 £ 100 120,000

1913.

Appropriation (1912-3) Act, 1913. Ch. 27.

103

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Schedule

(B.)

Part 2.

Civil Services (Supplementary) 1912-1913. -

Civil Service

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for (Snpplemen-the Services herein particularly mentioned for the Tear ending on the ^7)

31st day of March 1913, viz.

1912-1913.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations in Aid.

01TTL SERVICE.

Class n.

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Subordinate Departments For the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries, and of Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including certain Grants in Aid For the Salaries and Expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies - For Stationery, Printing, Paper, Binding, and Printed Books for the Public Service; for the Salaries and Expenses of the Stationery Office; and for Sundry Miscellaneous Services, including Reports of Parliamentary Debates For the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's "Works and Public Buildings For the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Agriculture and other Industries and Technical Instruction for Ireland, and of the services administered by that Department, including sundry Grants in Aid ....

16,000

63, 572

2, 136

162,000

4, 400

38,000

2,000

25, 130

15,000

1,000

Class HE.

For certain Miscellaneous Legal Expenses For the Salaries of the Office of Public Trustee -

For the Salaries and Expenses connected with the County Courts For the Maintenance of Criminal Lunatics in the Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland

5, 200

10

990

8, 500

* — 24, 850

180

* Deficit.

104

Ch. 27, 28. Appropriation (1912-3) Act, 1913. 2 3 Geo. 5.

Schedule

(B.)

Part 2.

Civil Services (Supplementary)

1912-1913.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Class V. For Sundry Colonial Services, including certain Grants in Aid - For making good the Net Loss on Transactions connected with the raising of Money for the various Treasury Chests Abroad in the year 1911-12 ... £ 18,000 47, 418 £

Class VII.

For providing for an Increase in the Capital of the Civil Contingencies Fund 180,000 —

Class YIH.

For Grants in Aid of National Health Insurance (United Kingdom), in addition to the sums payable under section 3 of the National Insurance Act, 1911 1, 825,000 1

Total - - 2, 370, 416 19, 270

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907.

[7th March 1913.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Repeal of 1. Section nine, section twenty-eight, and section thirty-two

tfon^of the of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907 (herein-after referred principal Act. to as the principal Act), are hereby repealed.

7 Edw. 7. c. 51.

2. In lieu of section twenty-eight, there shall be inserted in the principal Act the following section: —

Court^of0 " 28. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, it shall

Session. be competent to appeal to the Court of Session against

a judgment either of a sheriff or of a sheriff-substitute if the interlocutor appealed against is a final judgment or is an interlocutor —

1913.

Sheriff Courts (Scotland), 1913. Ch. 28.

105

(a) Granting interim decree for payment of money other than a decree for expenses; or

(h) Sisting an action; or

(c) Refusing a reponing note; or

(d) Against which the sheriff or sheriff-substitute either

ex proprio motu or on the motion of any party, grants leave to appeal:

Provided that no appeal shall be competent where the cause does not exceed fifty pounds in value exclusive of interest and expenses or is being tried as a summary cause unless the sheriff, after final judgment by him on an appeal on the motion of either party made within seven days of the date of the final interlocutor certifies the cause as suitable for appeal to the Court of Session:

(2) Nothing in this section nor in section twenty-seven of this Act contained shall affect any right of appeal or exclusion of such right provided by any Act of Parliament in force for the time being."

3. The principal Act shall be amended to the extent and Amendment effect shown in the First Schedule to this Act. of the Principal Act.

4. The First Schedule to the principal Act shall be amended Amendment to the extent and effect shown in the Second Schedule to scheduTe to the this Act. principal Act.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall apply to any action Saving for, pending in any sheriff court at the commencement of this Act. actions8

6. Where a jury trial has been ordered, the sheriff shall Procedure at issue an interlocutor fixing a time and place for the trial, being jury trials‘ not sooner than fourteen days from the date of his interlocutor,

and at the trial he may, or if required by either party, shall, after the conclusion of the evidence, propone to the jury question or questions of fact to be answered by them, and the jury shall, in their verdict, give specific answers to such question or questions.

7. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of short title May one thousand nine hundred and thirteen and may be cited and Citation* as the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1913; and the principal

Act and this Act may be cited together as the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Acts, 1907 and 1913, and shall be read and construed together as one Act.

Ch. 28.

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1913. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULES,

FIRST SCHEDULE.

[Section 3.]

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Amendment.

7 Edw. 7. The Sheriff Courts o. 51. (Scotland) Act,

1907.

Section three, after the word "action" occurring in subhead (d), insert the words "or cause "; omit sub-head

(i), and in lieu thereof insert " Summary cause includes actions (other " than actions brought and conducted in the small debt court " and claims under the Workmen’s " Compensation Act) for payment " of money not exceeding fifty " pounds in amount, exclusive of " interest and expenses, and all " actions in which either the parties " admit that the value of the action, " exclusive of interest and expenses, does not exceed fifty " pounds or which they consent at " any stage shall be tried summarily, " and at the end of the section insert —

" (q) Employee’includes the legal personal representative of an employee, and any person who, by the law of Scotland, may be entitled to solatium in respect of the death of an employee."

Section five, omit subsection (2), and in lieu thereof, insert —

" (2) Actions of aliment, provided that as between husband and wife they are actions of separation and aliment, adherence and aliment, or interim aliment, and actions for regulating the custody of children."

In the same section and in the last proviso thereof, omit the words from "action" to the end of the section, and in lieu thereof insert " mentioned in the second subsection of this section."

Section six (a), after the word "defenders" insert the words "over " each of whom a sheriff court has " jurisdiction in terms of this Act"; omit the words "immediately prior " to the raising of the action "; omit I the words "and whose present residence in Scotland is unknown, " and insert " and has no known " residence in Scotland."

1913.

Sheriff Courts (Scotla Act, 1913. Ch. 28.

Session and

Chapter.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 51 — cont.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Amendment.

The Sheriff (Scotland) 1907 — cont

Courts Section six (5), omit "sheriffdom, " Act, and insert " jurisdiction."

Section seven, omit the first proviso and the word "also."

Section eight, after the word "party, " insert "made before the examination of witnesses is begun"; omit the last sentence.

Section twenty-one, leave out "for " the county or burgh, respectively, " in which he shall be sheriff or " salaried sheriff substitute, " and insert " occurring within his jurisdiction."

Section twenty-seven after "(b)" insert " refusing a reporting note; or (f), " and at the end of the section insert the words, "It shall be competent for the sheriff, " when the action is before him on " appeal on any point, to open the " record ex motu, if the

" record shall appear to him not to " have been properly made up, or " to allow further proof."

Section thirty, after "1880, " where first occurring, insert " or at common law."

Section thirty-one, after " 1880, " insert " or at common law."

In the same section omit the words "under head (1), " and also the words "under the other heads before mentioned."

Section forty, omit the first proviso and the word "also."

SECOND SCHEDULE.

7 Edw. 7. The Sheriff c. 51. (Scotland)

1907.

[Section 4.]

Courts^- First Schedule, omit Buie 2, and in Act, lieu thereof insert —

" 2. There shall be annexed to the initial writ a statement (in the form of an articulate condescendence) of the foots ! which form the ground of

action, and a note of the ] pursuer’s pleas-in-law, which

j condescendence and note of

pleas-in-law shall be held to constitute part of the initial writ."

Ch. 28. Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1913. 2 3 Geo. 5.

7

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Amendment.

Edw. 7. The Sheriff Courts c. 51 — cont. (Scotland) Act, 1907 — cont.

Omit Buie 11, and in lieu thereof insert —

"11. Any individual or individuals, or any corporation or association, carrying on business under a firm or trading or descriptive name may sue or be sued in such name without the addition of the name or names of such individual or individuals or any of them, or of any member or official of such corporation or association, and any extract of a decree pronounced in the Sheriff Court, or of a decree proceeding upon any deed, decree arbitral, bond, protest of a bill, promissory note or bankers note, or upon any other obligation or document on which execution may competently proceed, recorded in the Sheriff Court books against such individual or individuals, or against such corporation or association, under such firm, trading, or descriptive name, shall be a valid warrant for diligence against such corporation, association, or firm, and such individual or individuals. Citation in any action may be made at the principal place where such business is carried on (including the place of business or office of the clerk or secretary of any corporation or association) when such place is within the jurisdiction of the Sheriff Court in which such action is brought or otherwise at any place of business or office at which such business is carried on within the jurisdiction of such

Sheriff Court."

16. At end, insert " All remedies (including caption) competent to " enforce the return of a borrowed " process may proceed on the warrant of the court from whose " custody the process was obtained, " and that whether the borrower is " or is not resident within its " jurisdiction."

22. Omit "lodge with the Sheriff Clerk, " and insert " exhibit to the

1913.

Sheriff Courts (Scotl) 1913. Ch. 28.

109

7

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Amendment.

Edw. 7. The Sheriff Courts c. 51 — eont. (Scotland) Act, 1907 —

" Sheriff Clerk the service copy of the writ and lodge with him." Omit Buie 23, and in lieu thereof insert —

"23. If the defender does not lodge a notice of appearance, or does not answer, the sheriff may, at any time after the expiry of the in-duciae, upon a written craving being endorsed on the initial writ by the pursuer or his agent, decern in terms of the crave of the initial writ, and, at the same time or thereafter, for expenses as the same may be certified by a note endorsed upon the initial writ by the auditor of court subject to any restriction so endorsed or set forth in a minute by the pursuer or his agent: provided that this rule shall not apply to actions of separation and aliment, adherence and aliment, or interim aliment, or to actions regulating the custody of children."

33. Omit the words "upon a re-poning note or."

Omit Rule 41, and in lieu thereof insert —

"41. In a summary cause the Sheriff may order defences if he thinks fit or may make or certify a note upon the writ or separately of the defender’s pleas, and may appoint a diet for the trial of the cause, or may order such other procedure as the circumstances seem to him to require."

Omit Buies 42 to 46 inclusive, and in

lieu thereof insert —

" 42. In all other defended actions the defender shall, at the tabling of the action or within six days thereafter, lodge defences." "43. Defences shall be in the form of articulate answers to the condescendence and shall have appended a note of the defender’s pleas-in-law and, where necessary, or where a counter-claim is made, a separate statement of facts founded on by the defender which shall be set forth succinctly."

"44. Every statement of fact made by one party shall be answered by the other party, and, if a statement made by one party of a fact within the knowledge of the other party is not denied by that other

K

Ch. 28,

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 19X3, 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

7

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Amendment.

Edw. 7. c. 51 — c

The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907 — co»£.

party, the latter shall be held as admitting the faat so stated."

" 45. Upon defences being lodged, the Sheriff Clerk shall enrol the action for adjustment at an ordinary court held on a day occurring not less than four days thereafter. Such adjustment shall not be adjourned more than once except on special cause shown."

"46. In every defended action the pursuer shall, after defences have been lodged, and before the diet for adjustment, lodge in process a copy of the initial writ and warrant thereon, certified by him or his agent, which may thereafter be borrowed by the agent of any party to the process, and such certified copy shall be sufficient warrant where competent to arrest on the dependence. Separate precepts of arrestment may be issued by the Sheriff Clerk upon production to him of a writ containing pecuniary conclusions upon which a warrant of citation has been granted, or of a liquid document of debt."

Omit Buie 52, and in lieu thereof insert —

" 52. When the pleadings have been adjusted the Sheriff shall close the record; and not later than six days thereafter the pursuer shall lodge in process a certified copy of the closed record."

76. Omit " confidentially" and insert " confidentiality."

86. At end of rule, insert " provided " that an interlocutor granting " interim interdict may be appealed within fourteen days from " the date of intimation thereof." 89, 90. Omit " reclaiming note " and insert " reclaiming petition."

Omit Rule 119, and in lieu thereof, insert —

"119. Except as hereinafter provided, such action for summary removing shall be conducted and disposed of in the summary manner in which proceedings are conducted under the Small Debt Acts, and shall not be subject to review." Omit Rule 121, and in lieu thereof insert —

"121. In all such actions for summary removing where the

1913.

Sheriff Courts (Scotland), 1913. Ch. 28.

Ill

7

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Edw. 7. The Sheriff Court* c. 51 — cont. (Scotland) Act, 1907 — cont.

Extent of Amendment.

defender has found caution for violent profits, or where such caution has been dispensed with, he shall be entitled to give in written answers.

Omit Rule 127, and in lieu thereof insert —

" 127. An arrestment on the dependence of an action used prior to service shall fall unless the action shall have been served within twenty days from the date of execution of arrestment; and in the case of defended actions tabled within twenty days of the first ordinary court day, occurring subsequent to the expiry of the inducise, and in the case of undefended actions decree in absence be taken within twenty (lays of the expiry of the inducise, and, when such an arrestment has been executed, the party using it or his agent shall forthwith report the execution to the sheriff clerk."

Omit Rule 136. Omit Rule 140. Omit Rule 144.

Omit Rule 151, and in lieu thereo insert —

"151. It shall be competent to charge any corporation or association or any individual or individuals carrying on business under a firm or trading or descriptive name under such name at the principal place where such business is carried on (including in the case of a corporation or association the place of business or office of their clerk or secretary) or where such principal place of business is furth of Scotland, at any place of business in Scotland at which such business is carried on.

152. Omit "sheriffdom, " and insert " county."

153. Omit "sheriffdom, " and insert " county or district."

158. Omit "sheriffdom, " and insert "county."

112

Ch. 28.

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1913. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

7 Edw. 7. c. 51 — cont.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Amendment.

The Sheriff Courts Omit Form A, and in lieu thereof (Scotland) Act, insert —

1907 — cont.

"Fobm A.

Sheriffdom of at

A.B. [design him; if he sues in any special character set that forth; also, where necessary, set forth relationship to defender, e.g., wife, creditor, &c.], Pursuer,

AGAINST

C.D. [design him; if sued in any special character set that forth, e.g., as trustee, vitious intromitter, &c.], Defender.

The pursuer craves the Court [here set forth the specific decree, warrant, or order ashed].

(To be signed) A.B., Pursuer;

or

IT. [add designation and business address] Pursuer’s Agent. Condescendence.

[State articulately the facts which form the ground of action.]

Pleas-in-Law.

[State them articulately.]

Omit Form M, and in lieu thereof insert —

" Form M.

At the jury trial in the action at the instance of A.B. [design him] pursuer, against C.D. [design him], defender, held at,

on the day of

before sheriff

of

The verdict of the jury was [

quote the recorded verdict setting forth, where the sheriff has proponed to the jury a question or questions of fact, such question or questions and the answer or answers thereto returned by the jury.]

The interlocutor of the sheriff applying the verdict was pronounced on and was in these

terms: —

[Here quote the interlocutor.]

1913.

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1913. Ch. 28, 29.

113

7

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Amendment.

Edw. 7. The Sheriff Courts c. 51 — coni. (Scotland) Act, 1907 — cont.

The [state party appealing] appeals to the Division

of the Court of Session upon the ground [here state the grounds conform to section 31 of the Act].

(a) That in the interlocutor com* plained of the verdict was erroneously applied.

(5) That the verdict of the jury was contrary to evidence in respect [here set forth clearly and succinctly the particulars in which it is alleged the evidence led and the verdict returned are inconsistent],

(c) That evidence was unduly admitted [or rejected] in regard to [here set forth shortly the fact in regard to

which the evidence was

admitted or rejected].

(d) That the sheriff misdirected

the jury in regard to [here state shortly the point of law alleged to he mis-direction].

(e) That the damages awarded by

the jury were excessive. M.P., pursuer [or other party].

or

X.Y. [signature and

business address], Agent for the

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to amend Section One of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1894, with respect to increases of rates or charges made for the purpose of meeting a rise in the cost of working a railway due to improved labour conditions.

[7th March 1913.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) Where on a complaint with respect to any increase (within any limit fixed by an Act of Parliament, or by a Provisional Order confirmed by an Act of Parliament) of any rate

Increased expenditure due to cost of improved labour

114

Ch. 29. Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1913. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

conditions to be treated as a valid justification of increased rates.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 54.

Application of Act.

[Short title.]

or charge under section one of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1894, the railway company proves to the satisfaction of the Rail way and Canal Commissioners —

(a) that there has been a rise in the cost of working the railway, excluding the cost of carrying and dealing with passengers, resulting from improvements made by the company since the nineteenth day of August nineteen hundred and eleven in the conditions of employment of their labour or clerical staff; and

(b) that the whole of the particular increase of rate or charge of which complaint is made is part of an increase of rates or charges made for the purpose of meeting the said rise in the cost of working; and

(c) that the increase of rates or charges made for the purpose of meeting the said rise in the cost of working is not, in the whole, greater than is reasonably required for the purpose; and

(d) that the proportion of the increase of rates or charges allocated to the particular traffic with respect to which the complaint is made is not unreasonable;

the Commissioners shall treat the increase of rate or charge as justified: Provided that nothing in this section shall be construed as preventing the Commissioners from taking into account any circumstances which are relevant to the determination whether an increase of rates or charges is or is not greater than is reasonably required for the purpose of meeting the said rise in the cost of working.

(2) Where it appears to the Commissioners that the increase of the rate or charge of which complaint is made should for the time being be treated as justified in pursuance of this Act, but that an opportunity should be given after a limited time for reconsidering the increase, they may, in making an order declaring the increase to be justified, add to their order a provision that the question may, after a period to be fixed by the Commissioners, be reopened in accordance with the conditions (if any) made by the order.

(3) Where any such* order is made, a complaint may be made as to the increase of the rate or charge under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1894, in accordance with the order of the Commissioners, notwithstanding that the matter has already been determined by the Commissioners.

2. This Act shall not apply to Ireland.

3. This Act may be cited as the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1913, and shall be read with the Railway and Canal Traffic Acts, 1873 to 1894.

---

1913. Trade Union Act, 1913. Ch. 30. 115

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to the objects and powers of Trade Unions.

[7th March 1913.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

---

1. — (1) The fact that a combination has under its constitu- Amendment tion objects or powers other than statutory objects within the meaning of this Act 'shall not prevent the combination being a powers of trade union for the purposes of the Trade Union Acts, 1871 to trade unions. 1906, so long as the combination is a trade union as defined by

this Act, and, subject to the provisions of this Act as to the furtherance of political objects, any such trade union shall have power to apply the funds of the union for any lawful objects or purposes for the time being authorised under its constitution.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, the expression "statutory objects" means the objects mentioned in section sixteen of the Trade Union Act Amendment Act, 1876, namely, the regulation 39 & 40 Vict, of the relations between workmen and masters, or betweene*22, workmen and workmen, or between masters and masters, or the imposing of restrictive conditions on the conduct of any trade or business, and also the provision of benefits to members.

2. — (1) The expression "trade union" for the purpose of Definition of the Trade Union Acts, 1871 to 1906, and this Act, means any trade union* combination, whether temporary or permanent, the principal

objects of which are under its constitution statutory objects:

Provided that any combination which is for the time being registered as a trade union shall be deemed to be a trade union as defined by this Act so long as it continues to be so registered.

(2) The Registrar of Friendly Societies shall not register any combination as a trade union unless in his opinion, having regard to the constitution of the combination, the principal objects of the combination are statutory objects, and may withdraw the certificate of registration of any such registered trade union if the constitution of the union has been altered in such a manner that, in his opinion, the principal objects of the union are no longer statutory objects, or if in his opinion the principal objects for which the union is actually carried on are not statutory objects.

(3) Any unregistered trade union may, if they think fit, at any time without registering the union apply to the Registrar of Friendly Societies for a certificate that the union is a trade union within the meaning of this Act, and the Registrar, if satisfied, having regard to the constitution of the union and the

116

Ch. 30.

Trade Union Act, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

mode in which the union is being carried on, that the principal objects of the union are statutory objects, and that the union is actually carried on for those objects, shall grant such, a certificate, but the Registrar may, on an application made by any person to him for the purpose, withdraw any such certificate if satisfied, after giving the union an opportunity of being heard, that the certificate is no longer justified.

(4) Any person aggrieved by any refusal of the Registrar to register a combination as a trade union, or to give a certificate that an unregistered trade union is a trade union within the meaning of this Act, or by the withdrawal under this section of a certificate of registration, or of a certificate that an unregistered union is a trade union within the meaning of this Act, may appeal to the High Court, or in Scotland to the Court of Session, within the time and in the manner and on the conditions directed by rules of court.

(5) A certificate of the Registrar that a trade union is a trade union within the meaning of this Act shall, so long as it is in force, be’conclusive for all purposes.

Restriction 3. — (1) The funds of a trade union shall not be applied,

Irffan^sfor011 either directly or in conjunction with any other trade union, certain politi- association, or body, or otherwise indirectly, in the furtherance cal purposes. of the political objects to which this section applies (without prejudice to the furtherance of any other political objects), unless the furtherance of those objects has been approved as an object of the union by a resolution for the time being in force passed on a ballot of the members of the union taken in accordance with this Act for the purpose by a majority of the members voting; and where such a resolution is in force, unless rules, to be approved, whether the union is registered or not, by the Registrar of Friendly Societies, are in force providing —

(a) That any payments in the furtherance of those objects

are to be made out of a separate fund (in this Act referred to as the political fund of the union), and for the exemption in accordance with this Act of any member of the union from any obligation to contribute to such a fund if he gives notice in accordance with this Act that he objects to contribute; and

(b) That a member who is exempt from the obligation to

contribute to the political fund of the union shall not be excluded from any benefits of the union, or placed in any respect either directly or indirectly under any disability or at any disadvantage as compared with other members of the union (except in relation to the control or management of the political fund) by reason of his being so exempt, and that contribution to the political fund of the union shall not be made a condition for admission to the union.

(2) If any member of a trade union alleges that he is aggrieved by a breach of any rule made in pursuance of this

1913.

Trade Union, 1913. Ch. 30.

117

section, he may complain to the Registrar of Friendly Societies, and the Registrar of Friendly Societies, after giving the complainant and any representative of the union an opportunity of being heard, may, if he considers that such a breach has been committed, make such order for remedying the breach as he thinks just under the circumstances; and any such order of the Registrar shall be binding and conclusive on all parties without appeal and shall not be removable into any court of law or restrainable by injunction, and on being recorded in the county court, may be enforced as if it had been an order of the county court. In the application of this provision to Scotland the sheriff court shall be substituted for the county court, and " interdict" shall be substituted for " injunction."

(3) The political objects to which this section applies are the expenditure of money —

(a) on the payment of any expenses incurred either directly

or indirectly by a candidate or prospective candidate for election to Parliament or to any public office, before, during, or after the election in connexion with his candidature or election; or

(b) on the holding of any meeting or the distribution of

any literature or documents in support of any such candidate or prospective candidate; or

(c) on the maintenance of any person who is a member of

Parliament or who holds a public office; or

(d) in connection with the registration of electors or the

selection of a candidate for Parliament or any public office; or

(e) on the holding of political meetings of any kind, or

on the distribution of political literature or political documents of any kind, unless the main purpose of the meetings or of the distribution of the literature or documents is the furtherance of statutory objects within the meaning of this Act.

The expression "public office" in this section means the office of member of any county, county borough, district, or parish council, or board of guardians, or of any public body who have power to raise money, either directly or indirectly, by means of a rate.

(4) A resolution under this section approving political objects as an object of the union shall take effect as if it were a rule of the union and may be rescinded in the same manner and subject to the same provisions as such a rule.

(5) The provisions of this Act as to the application of the funds of a union for political purposes shall apply to a union which is in whole or in part an association or combination of other unions as if the individual members of the component unions were the members of that union and not the unions; but nothing in this Act shall prevent any such component union

118

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Ch. 30. Trade Union Act, 1913.

from collecting from any of their members who are not exempt on behalf of the association or combination any contributions to the political fund of the association or combination.

Approval of 4.* — (1) A ballot for the purposes of this Act shall be taken

rule8' in accordance with rules of the union to be approved for the

purpose, whether the union is registered or not, by the Registrar of Friendly Societies, but the Registrar of Friendly Societies shall not approve any such rules unless he is satisfied that every member has an equal right, and, if reasonably possible, a fair opportunity of voting, and that the secrecy of the ballot is properly secured.

(2) If the Registrar of Friendly Societies is satisfied, and certifies, that rules for the purpose of a ballot under this Act or rules made for other purposes of this Act which require approval by the Registrar, have been approved by a majority of members of a trade union, whether registered or not, voting for the purpose, or by a majority of delegates of such a trade union voting at a meeting called for the purpose, those rules shall have effect as rules of the union, notwithstanding that the provisions of the rules of the union as to the alteration of rules or the making of new rules have not been complied with.

Notice of objection to contribute towards political objects.

5. — (1) A member of a trade union may at any time give notice, in the form set out in the Schedule to this Act or in a form to the like effect, that he objects to contribute to the political fund of the union, and, on the adoption of a resolution of the union approving the furtherance of political objects as an object of the union, notice shall be given to the members of the union acquainting them that each member has a right to be exempt from contributing to the political fund of the union, and that a form of exemption notice can be obtained by or on behalf of a member either by application at or by post from the head office or any branch office of the union or the office of the Registrar of Friendly Societies.

Any such notice to members of the union shall be given in accordance with rules of the union approved for the purpose by the Registrar of Friendly Societies, having regard in each case to the existing practice and to the character of the union.

(2) On giving notice in accordance with this Act of hiB objection to contribute, a member of the union shall be exempt, so long as his notice is not withdrawn, from contributing to die political fund of the union as from the first day of January next after the notice is given, or, in the case of a notice given within one month after the notice given to members under this section on the adoption of a resolution approving the furtherance of political objects, as from the date on which the member’s notice is given.

Mode of giving effect to exemption from

6. Effect may be given to the exemption of members to contribute to the political fund of a union either by a separate

1913.

Trade Union Aet, 1913. Ch. 30.

119

levy of contributions to that fund from the members of the contributions union who are not exempt, and in that case the rules shall ^>lltlcaI provide that no moneys of the union other than the amount raised by such separate levy shall be carried to that fund, or by relieving any members who are exempt from the payment of the whole or any part of any periodical contributions required from the members of the union towards the expenses of the union, and in that case the rules shall provide that the relief shall be given as far as possible to all members who are exempt on the occasion of the same periodical payment and for enabling each member of the union to know as respects any such periodical contribution, what portion, if any, of the sum payable by him is a contribution to the political fund of the union.

7. The Registrar of Friendly Societies means in relation to Definition of

a registered trade union whose registered office, or an unregis- of

tered trade union whose principal office, is situated in England Societies, or Wales, the Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies, and in relation to a registered trade union whose registered office, or

an unregistered trade union whose principal office, is situated in Scotland or Ireland, the Assistant Registrar of Friendly Societies for Scotland or Ireland respectively.

8. This Act may be cited as the Trade Union Act, 1913, ShorJtifcland and shall be construed as one with the Trade Union Acts, 1871 00119 ruction-and 1876; and this Act and the Trade Union Acts, 1871 to 1906,

may be cited together as the Trade Union Acts, 1871 to 1913.

SCHEDULE.

Section 5.

Form of Exemption Notice.

Name of Trade Union

Political Fund (Exemption Notice).

I hereby give notice that I object to contribute to the Political

Fund of the

Union, and am in

consequence exempt, in manner provided by the Trade Union Act, 1913, from contributing to that fund.

A.B.

Address

day of

19

120 Ch. 31. Pilotage Act, 1913. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Pilotage.

[7th March 1913.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Revision of Pilotage Organisation.

improvement 1. The Board of Trade shall take steps to obtain information organisaUon. whh respect to pilotage organisation at the various ports in the United Kingdom, and, by the exercise of their powers under this Act to make Pilotage Orders, shall carry into effect any re-organisation or improvement of organisation which the Board may consider necessary or expedient at any port, and shall also at any port deal by Pilotage Order with any Act, order, charter, custom, byelaw, regulation, or provision in force at the port with a view to rendering the law relating to pilotage at the various ports in the United Kingdom accessible and, so far as possible, uniform.

Recommendations with respect to pilotage byelaws.

2. — (1) The Board of Trade shall also take steps to obtain information with respect to the byelaws as to pilotage in force at the various ports in the United Kingdom, and, after consulting with the pilotage authority at the port and considering any byelaws proposed by that authority, shall, when necessary or expedient and with a view to securing, so far as practicable, uniformity of administration and to carrying out any changes consequent on the passing of this Act, make recommendations for the substitution of new byelaws for those in force at the port, or in case there are no such byelaws in force, for the making of such byelaws as may be required at the port.

(2) If a pilotage authority fail to submit byelaws in accordance with the recommendations for confirmation by the Board of Trade under this Act, the Board may treat the byelaws recommended by the Board as if they were byelaws submitted to them by the pilotage authority for confirmation, and those byelaws, when confirmed by the Board of Trade in accordance with this Act, shall have the same effect as if they had been so submitted.

Commissioners 3. — (1) The Board of Trade shall appoint such persons as pose of Part I. they think fit to act as Commissioners for the purposes of this Act, but the appointment of any person appointed to be a Commissioner under this section shall not have effect beyond

1913. Pilotage Act, 1913. Ch. 31. 121

the first day of January nineteen hundred and seventeen, or such date, not being more than five years later, as the Board of Trade, with the approval of the Treasury, may determine.

(2) The Board of Trade may appoint and employ such officers or other persons as they think fit to assist any persons acting as Commissioners in the execution of their duties under this Act.

(3) The salaries and remuneration of any persons acting as Commissioners and of any persons so appointed or employed, shall be determined by the Board of Trade with the approval of the Treasury, and any such salaries and remuneration, and all expenses incurred by the Board of Trade in the execution of this Act, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

4. — (1) With a view to the preparation of schemes for Schemes for the re-organisation or improvement of organisation of pilotage, ^or^ti°tn the Board of Trade shall cause local inquiries to be held by £orts.° ° any persons acting as Commissioners under this Act at the various ports of the United Kingdom, except in cases where the pilotage authority of the port has submitted, in accordance with this Act, a scheme for the purpose to the Board of Trade, and the Board of Trade are satisfied that the scheme so submitted, with such modifications (if any) as may be made by the Board, is adequate for the purpose, or the pilotage authority have satisfied the Board of Trade that no scheme for the re-organisation or improvement of organisation of pilotage at the port is necessary or expedient. Any such local inquiry may, if the Board think it necessary or desirable, include an inquiry into the byelaws in force at the port where the inquiry is held, and into the operation of those byelaws.

(2) Where any such inquiry is held at any port, the person holding the inquiry shall make a report to the Board of Trade recommending to the Board a scheme for the purpose of the re-organisation or improvement of organisation of pilotage at the port, or if a scheme has been submitted by the pilotage authority, recommending any amendments which it appears expedient to make in the scheme so submitted.

(3) The Board of Trade may, in any case they think fit, group ports for the purpose of any such local inquiry, and in that case the ports so grouped shall be dealt with at the same inquiry,

(4) Any pilotage authority may, within three months after the passing of this Act, give notice to the Board of Trade of their intention to submit a scheme to the Board for the purpose of the re-organisation or improvement of organisation of pilotage at their port, and shall in such a case also give such public notice of their intention as the Board may require, and if such a scheme is so submitted to the Board within nine months after the passing of this Act, the scheme shall be treated as a scheme submitted to the Board in accordance with this Act.

122

Ch. 31.

Pilotage Act, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Provision as to local inquiries.

Consultation with pilots as to byelaws and schemes.

Power of Board of Trade to make Pilotage Orders.

5. — (1) Notice of any local inquiry to be held under this Part of this Act shall be given and published in such manner as the Board of Trade think best fitted for giving information of the time and place of the inquiry to those concerned, and all persons interested shall be permitted to attend and make representations.

(2) Any person holding a local inquiry shall have power,

by summons signed by him, to require the attendance of all such persons as he thinks fit to call and examine for the purpose of the inquiry, and shall have power to require the production of all books, papers, and documents which he considers important for that purpose.

(3) Any persons attending as witnesses at any such local inquiry shall be allowed such expenses as would be allowed to witnesses attending before a court of record, or in Scotland before the court of session, and in case of dispute as to the amount to be allowed, the dispute shall be referred by any person holding the local inquiry to a master or district registrar of the supreme court, or in Scotland to the auditor of accounts in the court of session, who on request signed by him shall ascertain and certify the proper amount of the expenses.

(4) If any person without reasonable excuse, the proof whereof shall lie on him, fails to comply with any summons or requisition of a person holding a local inquiry under this section, or impedes a person holding a local inquiry in the execution of his duty, he shall be liable on summary conviction in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and, in addition, to a fine not exceeding one pound for every day during which the offence continues.

6. The Board of Trade, before making recommendations to a pilotage authority under this Act for the substitution of new byelaws for those in force in any port, and a pilotage authority, before submitting any scheme to the Board for the re-organisation or improvement of organisation of pilotage at their port shall, unless pilots are directly represented on the authority or on a pilotage committee of the authority, take steps to ascertain the opinion of the pilots at the port with respect to the matter in question.

Part II.

General Pilotage Law.

Pilotage Orders.

7. — (1) The Board of Trade may, by Order made under this Act (in this Act referred to as a Pilotage Order) —

(a) make such rearrangement of pilotage districts and pilotage authorities as the Board think necessary or expedient; and

1913.

Pilotage Act, 1913.

Oif. 31.

123

(6) establish, new pilotage districts and new pilotage authorities and abolish existing pilotage districts and existing pilotage authorities in cases where it appears to the Board necessary or expedient; and

(c) define the limits of pilotage districts, distinguishing as

respects any pilotage district in part of which pilotage is compulsory and in part of which pilotage is not compulsory, the part of the district in which pilotage is compulsory; and

(d) provide for the incorporation of any pilotage authority,

and make such alteration in the constitution of any pilotage authority with reference to their powers and duties as pilotage authority, and such provisions as to the appointment of committees (including, if it is thought fit, persons not members of the authority), and as to the relations between the authority and the committee, as the Board think necessary or expedient; and

(e) empower a pilotage authority to delegate to a committee

thereof any of its powers and duties, and provide, if it seems necessary or desirable, that the decisions of the committee on questions so delegated shall not require confirmation by the pilotage authority; and

(f) make such provision for the direct representation of pilots and shipowners on any pilotage authority or committee of a pilotage authority as the Board think necessary or expedient; and

(g) in cases where a pilotage authority have powers and duties as to' other matters as well as pilotage, provide for their accounts as pilotage authority being kept separate from their accounts in relation to other matters; and

(h) provide that pilotage shall be compulsory in any area where it has previously not been compulsory, or provide, in connection with any rearrangement of a pilotage district, that pilotage shall be non-compulsory in any area where it has been compulsory, subject to provision being also made for the payment of compensation to the pilots concerned for any loss or damage which may be incurred by them in consequence of such rearrangement; and

(i) authorise, where it appears expedient, any pilotage authority to make byelaws providing for the grant of certificates (in this Act referred to as deep sea certificates) certifying that persons are qualified to act as pilots of ships for any part of the sea or channels outside the district of any pilotage authority, so, however, that a pilot holding such a certificate shall not be entitled to supersede any other person as pilot of a ship; and

124

Ch. 31.

Pilotage Act, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

(j) provide that any Act (other than this Act), order, charter, custom, byelaw, regulation, or provision shall, so far as it relates to pilotage, cease to have effect within any pilotage district or as respects any pilotage authority, but may re-enact the whole or any part thereof so far as is not inconsistent with the provisions of this Act; and

(it) provide for compensation being paid to any pilots for any loss or damage which may be incurred by them in consequence of any Order abolishing or rearranging any pilotage districts; and

(1) make any provisions which appear necessary or expedient

for the purpose of giving full effect to the Order.

(2) Provision shall be made by Pilotage Order for the direct representation of pilots either on the pilotage authority or on the committee of the pilotage authority of any district where there are not less than six licensed pilots if a majority of the pilots licensed for the district signify in writing to the Board of Trade that they desire such representation, and, where such provision is made, provision shall also be made for the representation of shipowners on the authority or committee, as the case may be.

(3) A Pilotage Order establishing a pilotage authority for any pilotage district shall provide for the representation on the pilotage authority of any dock or harbour authority having jurisdiction within the district which was represented on the pilotage authority for the district at the time of the passing of this Act, and which desires to be so represented.

(4) A Pilotage Order shall not be made by the Board of Trade except —

(a) for any of the purposes of Part I. of this Act; or

(b) on the application in writing of any person interested in

the pilotage of any pilotage district or in the operation of the laws relating to pilotage in that district or the administration of those laws.

(5) A Pilotage Order shall require confirmation by Parliament —

(a) if it is an Order made for any of the purposes of Part I.

of this Act; and

(b) if, whatever the purpose for which it is made, a petition

is presented to the Board of Trade against the Order •by any person appearing to the Board of Trade to be interested in the administration of pilotage in the district within six weeks after the Order is published and the petition is not withdrawn.

(6) A Pilotage Order which does not require confirmation by Parliament shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

(7) The provisions contained in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to Pilotage Orders.

1913.

Pilotage A, 1913. Ch. 31.

125

Pilotage Districts and Authorities.

8* — (1) For the purposes of this Act the districts established Pilotage dis-as pilotage districts under Pilotage Orders made under this Act shall be pilotage districts, and the pilotage authorities shall be authorities, the pilotage authorities as constituted by Pilotage Orders made under this Act.

(2) Until otherwise provided by Pilotage Order made under this Act, every pilotage district which is, at the time of the passing of this Act, a pilotage district shall continue to be a pilotage district, and every pilotage authority which is a pilotage authority at the time of the passing of this Act shall continue to be a pilotage authority.

Advisory Committee.

9. — (1) The Board of Trade may appoint an advisory power to committee for the purpose of advising them with reference to appoint the exercise of their powers or the performance of their duties mittee!7 00111 under this Act, consisting of such persons as they may appoint, being pilots, shipowners, representatives of pilotage authorities, representatives of dock and harbour authorities, or other persons representing the interests principally affected, or having special knowledge of the subject-matter.

(2) There shall be paid to the members of any such committee out of moneys provided by Parliament such allowances and expenses as the Board of Trade may fix with the consent of the Treasury.

Compulsory Pilotage.

10. — (1) Subject to the provisions of any Pilotage Order, continuation pilotage shall continue to be compulsory in every pilotage of existing district in which it was compulsory at the time of the passing diricts°and of this Act, and shall continue not to be compulsory in every abolition of pilotage district in which it was not compulsory at the time of exemptions the passing of this Act, and subject to the provisions of this Act all exemptions from compulsory pilotage in force at the date of the passing of this Act shall cease to have effect.

(2) Any reference in this Act to a pilotage district in which pilotage is compulsory shall, in the case of a district in which pilotage is compulsory only in part of the district, be construed, if the context so requires, as a reference to that part of the district only.

11. — (1) Every ship (other than an excepted ship) while Obligations navigating in a pilotage district in which pilotage is compulsory for the purpose of entering, leaving, or making use of any port in the district, and every ship carrying passengers (other than an excepted ship), while navigating for any such purpose as

L

126

Cet. 31.

Pilotage A, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

aforesaid in any pilotage district (whether pilotage is compulsory or not compulsory in that district) shall he either —

(a) under the pilotage of a licensed pilot of the district; or

(b) under the pilotage of a master or mate possessing a

pilotage certificate for the district who is bonS fide acting as master or mate of the ship.

(2) If any ship (other than an excepted ship) in circumstances in which pilotage is compulsory under this section, is not under pilotage as required by this section, after a licensed pilot of the district has offered to take charge of the ship, the master of that ship shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding double the amount of the pilotage dues that could be demanded for the conduct of the ship.

(3) For the purposes of this Act the following ships are excepted ships: —

(a) Ships belonging to His Majesty

(b) Pleasure yachts;

(c) Fishing vessels;

(d) Ferry boats plying as such exclusively within the limits of a harbour authority;

(e) Ships of less than fifty tons gross tonnage;

(f) Ships exempted from compulsory pilotage by byelaw as hereinafter provided in this section.

(4) A pilotage authority may by byelaw made under this Act exempt from compulsory pilotage in their district any of the following classes of ships, if not carrying passengers, up to such limit of gross tonnage in each case as may be fixed by the byelaw, that is to say: —

(i) Ships trading coastwise;

(ii) Home trade ships trading otherwise than coastwise;

(iii) Ships whose ordinary course of navigation does not

extend beyond the seaward limits of a harbour authority, whilst navigating within those limits or within such parts thereof as may be specified in the byelaw:

Provided that, if any such byelaw appears to the Board of Trade to exempt from compulsory pilotage ships of any class or description which were not at the date of the passing of this Act in practice exempted in the district to which the byelaw relates, the Board shall not confirm the byelaw, but may, if they think fit, submit to Parliament a Bill confirming the byelaw with or without modifications, and such Bill shall be treated as if it were a Bill confirming a Pilotage Order, and the provisions of this Act with respect to such Bills shall apply accordingly.

(5) For the purposes of this section, a ship which habitually trades to or from any port or ports outside the British Islands shall not be deemed to be trading coastwise, and a ship which habitually trades to or from any port outside the home trade

1913.

Ch. 31.

127

Pilotage Act, 1913.

limits shall not be deemed to be a home trade ship, by reason only that she is for the time being engaged on a voyage between ports in the British Islands, or within the home trade limits, as the case may be.

12. The provisions of this Act with respect to compulsory Exemption

pilotage shall not apply to tugs, dredgers, sludge-vessels, barges, from ^Pul-and other similar craft — Sshipabe^e

(a) belonging to or hired by a dock, harbour or river Shf public

authority whilst employed in the exercise of the authorities, statutory powers or duties of the authority and navigating within any pilotage district which includes within its limits the whole or any part of the area of the authority; or

(b) belonging to a local authority whilst employed in the

exercise of the statutory powers or duties of the authority and navigating within the pilotage district within which the port to which they belong is situate:

Provided that, where in any pilotage district any of the classes of vessels aforesaid were at the time of the passing of this Act in practice subject to compulsory pilotage, the pilotage authority may by byelaw provide that any of such classes of vessels shall continue to be so subject.

13. A ship calling at a port in a pilotage district for the Provision with purpose only of taking on board or landing a pilot belonging to rPect some other pilotage district shall not, for the purpose of the at a* port for provisions of this Act relating to compulsory pilotage, be the purpose deemed to be navigating in the first-mentioned district for the p^oftaking purpose of entering, leaving, or making use of that port.

14. Notwithstanding anything in any Pilotage Order made Provision under this Act, any area in which pilotage was not compulsory Jg e*' at the date of the passing of this Act shall be deemed to be an defence of area in which pilotage is not compulsory for the purpose of compulsory determining the liability of the owner or master of a ship being pilotage* navigated in the area for any loss or damage occasioned by or arising out of the navigation of such ship.

15. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in any public or local Liability of Act, the owner or master of a vessel navigating under circum- owner or stances in which pilotage is compulsory shall be answerable for £^fof avessci any loss or damage caused by the vessel or by any fault of the under pilotage, navigation of the vessel in the same manner as he would if

pilotage were not compulsory.

(2) This section shall not take effect until the first day of January, nineteen hundred and eighteen, or such earlier date as His Majesty may fix by Order in Council, certifying that it is necessary to bring the section into operation in order to enable His Majesty to comply with an international convention.

128

Ch. 31.

Pilotage Act, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

(3) As from the date of the coming into operation of this section, section six hundred and thirty-three of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall cease to have effect.

Power of Pilotage Authorities to license Pilots and make Byelaws.

Powers of 16. Subject to the provisions of this Act, a pilotage authority

ritiesto license may liC8nse pilots for their district, and do all such things as pilots for their may he necessary or expedient for carrying into effect their district. powers and duties.

Power of pilot- 17. — (1) A pilotage authority may by byelaws made under

age authorities ftis Act — to make bye-

Iaws* (a) determine the qualification in respect of age, physical

fitness, time of service, local knowledge, skill, character, and otherwise to be required from persons applying to be licensed by them as pilots, provide for the examination of such persons, and fix the term for which a licence is to be in force, and the conditions under which a licence may be renewed; and (i b) fix the limit (if any) on the number of pilots to be licensed, and provide for the method in which and the conditions under which the list of pilots is to be filled up; and

(c) provide generally for the good government of pilots licensed by the authority, and of apprentices, and in particular for ensuring their good conduct and constant attendance to and effectual performance of their duties, whether at sea or on shore; and

(d) determine the system to be adopted with respect to the supply and employment of pilots, and provide, so far as necessary, for the approval, licensing, and working of pilot boats in the district, and for the establishment and regulation of pilot boat companies; and

(e) provide for the punishment of any breach of any byelaws made by them for the good government of pilots or apprentices by the infliction of fines not exceeding twenty pounds (to be recoverable as fines are recoverable under the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1907), without prejudice to their powers under this Act to revoke or suspend the licence in the case of any such breach of byelaw; and

(f) fix for the district the rates of payments to be made in respect of the services of a licensed pilot (in this Act referred to as pilotage dues), and define the circumstances and conditions under which pilotage dues may be payable on different scales and provide for the collection and distribution of pilotage dues; and

1913.

Pilotage Act, 1913. Ch. 31.

(g) if and so far as it appears to the authority to be generally

desired by the pilots concerned, provide for the pooling of pilotage dues earned by the licensed pilots or by any class of pilots in the district; and

(h) provide for a deduction being made from any sums

received by pilots of any sums required for meeting the administrative expenses of the authority, or any contributions required for any fund established for the payment of pensions or other benefits to pilots, their widows or children (in this Act referred to as a pilots’ benefit fund); and (i) provide, if and so far as it appears to the authority to be generally desired by the pilots, for bonds (the penalty of which shall not in any case exceed one hundred pounds) being given by pilots for the purpose of the provisions of this Act limiting pilots’ liability; and

(j) establish, either alone or in conjunction with any other

pilotage authority, pilots’ benefit funds, and provide for the direct payment to any such fund of any contributions by pilots towards the fund, or of any part of the ordinary receipts of the pilotage authority, and also for the administration of any such fund and for the conditions of participation in any such fund; and

(k) provide for the method of conducting the examination

of masters and mates applying for pilotage certificates so as to maintain a proper standard of efficiency; and

(l) prohibit the grant of pilotage certificates to masters or

mates who do not hold at least a mate’s certificate of competency recognised under Part II. of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894; and

(m) provide that a pilotage certificate shall not be renewed

without re-examination unless the master or mate has made not less than a specified number of visits to the port as master or mate of any ship in respect of which the certificate is granted; and

(n) if the pilotage authority are an authority/authorised to

grant deep sea certificates by virtue of a Pilotage Order made with reference to that authority, provide for the grant of deep sea certificates; and

(o) apply any byelaws made under this section for the good

government of pilots and the punishment of any breach of any such byelaw, with any necessary modifications, to masters and mates holding pilotage certificates; and

(p) require the owners of ships, whose masters or mates hold

pilotage certificates, to contribute towards the pilot fund or account of the pilotage district, and require the holders of such certificates to make a periodical return to them of the pilotage services rendered by

130

Ch. 31,

Pilotage Act, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Power of Board of Trade on representation to revoke or vary byelaws or require pilotage authority to make byelaws.

Licensing of pilots by pilotage authority not to involve any liability.

them; provided that the contribution so required from an owner shall not exceed such proportion of the pilotage dues which would have been payable in respect of the Bhip if the master or mate had not held a pilotage certificate, as may be fixed by the Board of Trade; and

(q) provide for any matter for which provision is to be made or may be made under this Act by byelaw.

(2) A byelaw shall not take effect unless it has been Submitted to the Board of Trade and confirmed by them with or without modifications.

(3) Notice of any byelaw proposed to be submitted for confirmation under this section shall, before it is so submitted, be published in such manner as the Board of Trade direct.

18. — (1) If at any port either —

(a) a majority of the licensed pilots belonging to the port; or

(b) any number of persons, not less than six, being masters, owners, or insurers of vessels using the port; or

(c) a dock or harbour authority not being the pilotage authority;

object to any byelaw in force at the port, or desire that any byelaw should be in force at the port which is not in force therein, they may make a representation to the Board of Trade to that effect, and the Board of Trade if the representation appears to them reasonable after giving the pilotage authority, and, if they think fit, any other persons, an opportunity of making representations on the subject, may, by order, revoke, vary, or add to any byelaw to which objection is made, or require the pilotage authority to submit to them for confirmation a byelaw for the purpose of giving effect to the representation.

(2) Any byelaw revoked by any such order shall cease to have effect, and any byelaw to which additions are made or which is varied or added to, shall have effect with the variations or additions made by the order.

(3) If a pilotage authority fail to submit to the Board of Trade for confirmation a byelaw in accordance with an order made under this section, the Board of Trade may treat the byelaw which they have required the pilotage authority to submit to them as a byelaw submitted to them by the authority, and confirm it accordingly, and the byelaw so confirmed shall have effect as if it had been made and confirmed in accordance with this Act.

19. The grant or renewal of a licence to a pilot by a pilotage authority under the powers given to them by this Act does not impose any liability on the authority for any loss occasioned by any act or default of the pilot.

1913.

Pilotage Act, 1913. Ch. 31. 131

20. — (1) A pilot’8 licence shall be in a form approved for Form of pilot’s ‘he time being by the Board of Trad. pSClnd

(2) A licensed pilot shall, when required by the pilotage return of authority by whom the licence has been granted, produce his Pjlo^tlicnce licence to the authority, and, in case his licence is revoked or authority.6 suspended, shall deliver up his licence to the authority.

(3) On the death of a licensed pilot, the person into whose hands his licence comes shall without delay transmit it to the pilotage authority by whom it was granted.

(4) If any licensed pilot or other person fails to comply with the requirements of this section, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

21. — (1) All receipts of a pilotage authority in their capacity Receipts and as such (other than any money received by them on behalf of ^§otSg?Mtho-and paid over to any pilot, or if the authority administer a pilots’ rity. benefit fund, any sums received by them as direct payments for that fund), shall be paid into a separate fund or account, to be called the pilot fund or account of the pilotage district.

(2) All expenses incurred by a pilotage authority in the exercise of their powers or performance of their duties as such authority shall be paid out of their pilot fund or account, and, except so far as may be provided to the contrary by byelaw, subject to the payment of those expenses, the balance shall in each year be applied for the purposes of any pilots’ benefit fund established in the district, and so far as not required for that purpose shall be applied for the benefit of pilots in such manner as may be determined by the pilotage authority with the approval of the Board of Trade.

(3) A separate account shall be kept by any pilotage authority who administer a pilots’ benefit fund of all moneys received by them as payments to that fund, or for the benefit of that fund, and money standing to the credit of that account shall not be applicable to any purpose other than the purposes of the fund.

(4) Nothing in this section shall prevent a pilotage authority which owns or hires the pilot boats for the district from keeping a separate account in respect of such boats.

22. — (1) Every pilotage authority shall deliver triennially, Returns to be or, if the Board of Trade so direct, at shorter intervals, to the g^SmeMs^f1 Board, in the form and at the time required by the Board, returns accounts to be giving such particulars as the Board may by order prescribe with ^l^ard respect to pilotage in their district, and any returns so delivered pilotage aotho-shall, as soon as may be, be laid before both Houses of Parliament, rities.

(2) Every pilotage authority shall in addition furnish annually to the Board of Trade, at such time as the Board direct, a statement of their accounts in the form prescribed by the Board, duly audited, including a statement of the average gross and net earnings of pilots during the past year, and, where the authority administer a pilots’ benefit fund, the separate accounts of that fund, including particulars of the investments if any.

132

Ch. 31.

Pilotage A, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

(3) Every pilotage authority shall allow the Board of Trade, or any person appointed by the Board for the purpose, to inspect any books or documents in the possession of that authority relating to any matter in respect of which a return is required to be delivered or a statement is required to be furnished under this section.

(4) If a pilotage authority refuse or fail without reasonable cause to deliver any return or furnish any statement to the Board of Trade in accordance with this section, His Majesty may by Order in Council suspend the pilotage authority for such time as His Majesty may direct, and thereupon the Board of Trade shall by order direct that, in the meantime, the powers of the authority shall be exercised, and the duties of the authority shall be performed, by such person as they may appoint for the purpose, and any such order shall take effect as if it were enacted in this Act.

Masters1 and Mates' Certificates.

Grant of 23. — (1) A pilotage authority may grant a certificate (in this

mates^certi- re^erre(^ to as a pilotage certificate) to any person who is

ficates by pilot- bona fide the master or mate of any ship if that person applies age authorities, for such a certificate, and if, after examination, they are satisfied that, having regard to his skill, experience, and local knowledge, he is capable of piloting the ship of which he is master or mate within their district:

Provided that —

(a) A pilotage certificate shall not be granted to the master

or mate of a ship unless he is a British subject, except in the cases for which special provision is made by this Act; and

(b) In any district where a byelaw is in force prohibiting

the grant of pilotage certificates to masters or mates who do not hold at least a mate’s certificate of competency recognised under Part H. of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, the pilotage authority shall not grant a certificate except to a master or mate holding such a certificate of competency.

(2) A pilotage certificate shall be in a form approved for the time being by the Board of Trade, and shall contain (in addition to any other particulars which may be prescribed) the name of the person to whom the certificate is granted, the name and draught of water of the ship or ships in respect of which it is granted, the limits of the district in respect of which the certificate is granted, and the date on which it was granted.

(3) A pilotage certificate shall not be in force for more than a year from the date on which it is granted, but maybe renewed annually by the pilotage authority, subject to the provisions of any byelaw made by that authority as to re-examination.

(4) A pilotage certificate may be granted so as to extend to more than one ship belonging to the same owner, while the

1913.

Pilotage Act, 1913. Ch. 31. 133

master or mate is bona fide acting as master or mate of any such, ship, provided that they are ships of substantially the same class.

(5) A pilotage authority may, on the application of the master or mate of a ship, alter his pilotage certificate so as to relate to any other ship or ships of a not substantially greater draught of water or tonnage than that to which the certificate formerly related, to which the master or mate may be transferred, or so as to cover any ships of substantially the same class and belonging to the same owner as the ships to which the certificate already relates.

(6) A pilotage authority may, for the purposes of this section, treat ships which are shown to their satisfaction to be bona fide under the management of the same person as manager, managing owner, demisee, or time charterer, as being ships owned by that person.

24. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the provisions of this Act as to the renewal of a pilotage certificate shall apply, with respect to the renewal of a pilotage certificate granted before the first day of June nineteen hundred and six, to a master or mate who is not a British subject in the same manner as they apply to a pilotage certificate granted to a master or mate who is a British subject.

(2) If any master or mate who is not a British subject shows to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade that he is the master or mate of a ship which is of substantially the same class, and is trading regularly between the same ports as a foreign ship which, on the first day of June nineteen hundred and six, was exempt from the obligation to carry a licensed pilot, or had habitually been piloted by a master or mate of the ship who held a pilotage certificate, the Board of Trade may authorise the master or mate to apply to the pilotage authority for a pilotage certificate under this Act, and the provisions of this Act as to the granting of a pilotage certificate shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, extend to a master or mate so applying for a certificate, although he is not a British subject, as they extend to a master or mate who is a British subject:

Provided that if the Admiralty at any time consider that, on the grounds of public safety, the provisions of this subsection should not be applicable with respect to any pilotage district or part of a pilotage district, they may make an order excluding that district or part of a district from the operation of those provisions; and while any such order is in force with respect to any such district or part of a district, a certificate granted under those provisions shall not be of any effect within that district or part of a district.

25. For the purposes of this Act, references to certificates of competency recognised under Part II. of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall be deemed to include references to

Power to grant certificate to a master or mate, not being a British subject, under special circumstances.

ProvisionVith respect to* foreign certificates of competency.

Ch. 31.

Pilotage A, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

13£

any certificate of competency granted by the government of a foreign country, being a certificate of a class approved by the Board of Trade for the purpose.

Supplementary Provisions as to Licences and Certificates. Suspension or 26. A pilotage authority may suspend or revoke any pilot’s a^ii^’siicence ^cence Gr any pilotage certificate granted by them if it appears ora pilotage Ce to them, after giving the holder thereof an opportunity of being certificate. heard, that he has been guilty of any offence under this Act or of any breach of any byelaw made by the authority, or of any other misconduct affecting his capability as a pilot, or that he has failed in or neglected his duty as a pilot, or that he has become incompetent to act as pilot; and a licence or certificate, if so revoked, shall cease to have effect, and, if so suspended, shall cease to have effect for the period for which it is suspended: Provided that in any case where pilots are directly represented on a committee of a pilotage authority, that committee may, until a Pilotage Order is made regulating the relations between the authority and the committee, exercise the powers conferred on a pilotage authority by this section with respect to pilots’ licences as though they were the pilotage authority.

Appeal by 27. — (1) If a complaint is made to the Board of Trade that a

ni1mi2a*ter’ pilotage authority have —

(a) without reasonable cause refused or failed to examine any candidate for a pilot’s licence, or a master or mate for a pilotage certificate, or to grant such a licence or certificate after examination; or

(b) conducted any examination for a pilot’s licence or a pilotage certificate improperly or unfairly; or

(c) imposed conditions on the granting of a pilot’s licence or a pilotage certificate which they have no power to impose or which are unreasonable; or

(d) without reasonable cause refused or failed to renew a pilotage certificate, or, having obtained possession of ‘ any such certificate, refused or failed to return it; or

(e) without reasonable cause suspended or revoked a pilotage certificate; or

(f) in any other manner failed properly to perform their duties under this Act with respect to the matters above-mentioned in this section, or improperly exercised any of their powers under this Act with respect to those matters;

the Board of Trade shall consider the complaint, and, if they are of opinion that the complaint is in any respect well founded, shall make such order as they think fit for the purpose of redressing the matter complained of, and the pilotage authority shall give effect to any order so made by the Board of Trade.

(2) If a pilotage authority refuse or fail to give effect to any such order of the Board of Trade, the Board of Trade may, for the purpose of giving effect to the order, exercise any powers of against action of pilotage authority with respect to pilot’s licence or pilotage certificate.

1913. Pilotage Act, 1913. Ch. 31. 135

the pilotage authority, and anything done by the Board of Trade in the exercise of those powers shall have the same effect as if it had been done by the pilotage authority.

28. — (1) If a pilot is aggrieved by the suspension or revoca- Appeal by tion by the pilotage authority of his licence, or by the refusal or action o?pilot-failure of the pilotage authority to renew his licence, or by the age authority refusal or failure of the pilotage authority who have obtained ^1c8U(>0e"^ing’ possession of his licence to return it to him, or by the imposi- licence! 8 tion upon him by the pilotage authority of a fine exceeding two pounds, he may either appeal to a judge of county courts having jurisdiction within the port for which the pilot is licensed, or to a metropolitan police magistrate or stipendiary magistrate having jurisdiction within that port.

(2) For the purpose of hearing the appeal, the judge or magistrate shall sit with an assessor of nautical and pilotage experience selected and summoned by the judge or magistrate.

(3) Objection may be taken to any person proposed to be summoned as an assessor, either personally or in respect of his qualification, and by either party to the appeal.

(4) The judge or magistrate may confirm or reverse the suspension or revocation of the licence, or make such order in the case as may seem just, and his decision shall be final, unless special leave to appeal from the same to the High Court on a question of law or a question of mixed law and fact is given by the judge or magistrate, or by the High Court, and in such case the decision of the High Court shall be final.

(5) The costs incurred by a pilotage authority under this section shall be payable out of any fund applicable to the general expenses of the pilotage authority.

(6) Buies with respect to the procedure under this section (including costs and the remuneration of assessors) may be made, as respects county court judges, by the authority having

power to make rules of practice under the County Courts Act, 51 & 52 Vict. 1888, and as respects metropolitan police and stipendiary c-43-magistrates by a Secretary of State, but in either case with the concurrence of the Treasury as to fees.

(7) In Scotland the appeal under this section shall be to the sheriff having jurisdiction at the port where the decision is given, and may be heard by the sheriff sitting with an assessor as provided in this section, and rules may be made by the Court of Session by Acts of sederunt with respect to the procedure in case of those appeals in Scotland (including costs and the remuneration of assessors), subject to the concurrence of the Treasury as to fees. In the application of this section to Scotland, references to the Court of Session shall be substituted for references to the High Court.

(8) In the application of this section to Ireland —

(a) The expression "judge of county courts " and " judge " shall respectively mean a county court judge and chairman of quarter sessions, and include recorder;

136

Ch. 31.

Pilotage Act, 1913.

2 '& 3 Geo. 5.

(6) The expressions " stipendiary magistrate " and " magistrate" shall respectively mean a magistrate 6&7 Will.4. appointed under the Constabulary (Ireland) Act,

c. 13. 1836;

(c) Rules with respect to the procedure in case of appeals under this section (including costs and the remuneration of assessors) may from time to time be made, as respects county court judges and chairmen of quarter sessions, by the authority having power to make rules and orders for regulating the 40 & 41 Vict. practice under the County Officers and Courts

c. 56. (Ireland) Act, 1877, and as respects stipendiary

magistrates, by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Council, but in either case with the concurrence of the Treasury as to fees.

Fees in respect 29. Such fees shall be payable on the examination for a licences and P^ot s licence, or for a pilotage certificate, and on the grant, pilotage cer- renewal, or alteration of any such licence or certificate, as may tificates. be fixed by byelaw made under this Act.

Rights and Obligations of Licensed Pilots.

Right of 30. — (1) A pilot licensed for a district may supersede any

to supersede4 not 80 licensed who is employed to pilot a ship in the

unlicensed district.

persons. (2) Where a licensed pilot supersedes an unlicensed pilot

the master of the ship shall pay to the latter a proportionate sum for his services, and shall be entitled to deduct the sum so paid from the sum payable in respect of the services of the licensed pilot.

Any question as to the proportion payable to the licensed pilot and to the person whom the licensed pilot has superseded shall be referred to the pilotage authority by whom the licensed pilot has been licensed, and their decision on the question shall be final.

(3) If in any pilotage district a pilot not licensed for the district pilots or attempts to pilot a ship after a pilot licensed for that district has offered to pilot the ship, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(4) If the master of a ship knowingly employs or continues to employ a pilot not licensed for the district to pilot the ship within any pilotage district after a pilot licensed for that district has offered to pilot the ship, or, in the case of an outward bound ship, without having taken reasonable steps (proof whereof shall lie on the master) to obtain a licensed pilot, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding fifty-pounds.

(5) If any person other than the master or a seaman being bona fide one of the crew of the ship is on the bridge of a ship, or in any other position (whether on board the ship or elsewhere) from which the ship is navigated, that person shall, for

1913.

Pilotage A, 1913. Ch. 31.

137

the purposes of this section, be deemed to be piloting the ship unless the contrary is proved.

31. — (1) A licensed pilot may require the master of any Declaration as ship which he is piloting to declare her draught of water, to draught of length and beam, and the master shall comply with any such 8 , p‘ request.

(2) If the master of a ship refuses to comply with any such request of a pilot, or makes or is privy to any other person making any false statement to the pilot in answer to the request, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

32. — (1) A ship while being moved within a harbour which Provision as forms part of a pilotage district shall be deemed to be a ship aVarbourithin navigating in a pilotage district, except, so far as may be dock, &c.’provided by byelaw in the case of ships being so moved for the purpose of changing from one mooring to another mooring or of being taken into or out of any dock:

Provided that a byelaw shall in every case be made for the purpose aforesaid in any pilotage district where any class of persons other than licensed pilots were in practice employed at the date of the passing of this Act for the purpose of changing the moorings of ships or of taking ships into or out of dock.

(2) A ship whilst being navigated within any closed dock, lock, or other closed work in a pilotage district shall notwithstanding anything in this Act be deemed to be navigating in a district in which pilotage is not compulsory.

33. — (1) The pilotage authority shall cause every pilot Copies of pilot-licensed by them to be furnished with a copy of this Act as Jf1burnished amended for the time being, and with a copy of any Pilotage to pilots. Order for the time being in force in the district, and of any byelaws so in force.

(2) A licensed pilot shall produce any copy so furnished to him to the master of any ship or other person employing him when required to do so, and if he fails without reasonable cause to do so, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

34. — (1) A master of a ship shall not, except under circum- Allowance to stances of unavoidable necessity, take a licensed pilot without Ja^e^out of1 his consent beyond the district for which ho is licensed, or his district, beyond the point up to which he has been engaged to pilot the

ship, and if a master of a ship acts in contravention of this section, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) Where a pilot is taken beyond the district for which he is licensed, or beyond the point up to which he has been engaged to pilot the ship, either without his consent or under circumstances of unavoidable necessity, he shall be entitled, over and above his pilotage dues, to maintenance and to the sum of ten

138

Ch. 31.

Pilotage Act, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

shillings and sixpence a day, recoverable in the same manner as pilotage dues.

(3) The sum so to be paid shall be computed from and inclusive of the day on which the ship passes beyond the district for which the pilot is licensed, or the point up to which the pilot was engaged to pilot her, and up to and inclusive of either the day of his being returned in the said ship to the place where he was taken on board, or, if he is discharged from the ship at a distance from that place, such day as will allow him sufficient time to return thereto; and in the last-mentioned case he shall be entitled to his reasonable travelling expenses.

Limitation of 35. — (1) A licensed pilot, who has given a bond in conformity

wherebondhf byelaws made for the purpose under this Act, shall not be given. liable for neglect or want of skill beyond the penalty of the

bond and the amount payable to him on account of pilotage in respect of the voyage in which he was engaged when he became so liable.

(2) Any bond given by a pilot in conformity with byelaws made for the purpose under this Act shall not be liable to stamp duty, and a pilot shall not be called upon to pay any expense in relation to the bond other than the actual expense of preparing the same.

(3) Where any proceedings are taken against a pilot for any neglect or want of skill in respect of which his liability is limited as provided by this section, and other claims are made or apprehended in respect of the same neglect or want of skill, the court in which the proceedings are taken may determine the amount of the pilot’s liability, and, upon payment by the pilot of that amount into court, may distribute that amount rateably among the several claimants, and may stay any proceedings pending in any other court in relation to the same matter, and may proceed in such manner and subject to such regulations as to making persons interested parties to the proceedings, and as to the exclusion of any claimants who do not come in within a certain time, and as to requiring security from the pilot, and as to payment of any costs as the court thinks just.

36. — (1) Every licensed pilot when acting as such shall be provided with his licence, and shall, if requested, produce it to any person by whom he is employed, or to whom he offers his services as pilot.

(2) If a licensed pilot refuses to produce his licence in accordance with this section, he shall be liable, in respect of each offence, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

Penalty on 37. If any person not being a licensed pilot for a district

fraudulent use falsely represents himself to be a licensed pilot for that district, of licence. either by means of using a licence which he is not entitled to use or by any other means, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Obligation on licensed pilot to produce his licence to employer.

1913.

Pilotage A, 1913. Ch. 31.

139

Pilot Boats and Pilot.

38. All vessels regularly employed in the pilotage service of any pilotage district (in this Act referred to as " pilot boats") shall be approved and licensed by the pilotage authority of the district, and that authority may, at their discretion, appoint and remove the masters of those pilot boats.

39. — (1) Every pilot boat shall be distinguished by the following characteristics, namely: —

(a) On her stern the name of her owner and the port to which she belongs, painted in white letters at least one inch broad and three inches long, and on each bow the number of her licence:

(b) In all other parts a black colour, painted or tarred out-

side, or such other colour or colours as the pilotage authority of the district, with the consent of the Board of Trade, direct:

(c) When afloat a flag (in this Act called a pilot flag) of

large dimensions compared with the size of the pilot boat, and of two colours, the upper horizontal half white, and the lower horizontal half red, to be placed at the mast head, or on a sprit or staff, or in some equally conspicuous situation.

(2) It shall be the duty of the master of the pilot boat to see that the pilot boat possesses all the above characteristics, and that the pilot flag is kept clean and distinct, so as to be easily discerned at a reasonable distance; and also that the names and numbers aforesaid are not at any time concealed; and if a master fails, without reasonable cause, to comply with the requirements of this section, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

40. A Pilotage Order in dealing with any Act, order, charter, custom, byelaw, regulation, or provision shall not provide for abolishing or diminishing any power of a pilotage authority to acquire, own, hire, build, renew, maintain, or work pilot boats.

41. When a ship is navigating in a pilotage district, and has on board a pilot licensed for that district, or a master or mate holding a pilotage certificate for that district, the master of the ship shall cause a pilot flag to be exhibited; and if he fails, without reasonable cause, to do so, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

42. A pilot flag, or a flag so nearly resembling a pilot flag as to be likely to deceive, shall not be displayed on any ship or boat not having a licensed pilot or a master or mate holding a pilotage certificate on board, and, if any such flag is displayed on any such ship or boat, the master of that vessel shall, unless

Approval of pilot boats.

Characteristics of pilot boats.

Pilotage order not to diminish powers of pilotage authorities as to pilot boats.

Display of pilot flag when pilot is on board ship.

Penalty on ordinary boat displaying pilot flag.

140

Ch. 31.

Pilotage A, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Obligation to display signal for pilot in certain circumstances.

Facilities to be given for pilot getting on board ship.

Signals to be displayed by ships requiring a pilot.

in the case of the display of a flag likely to deceive he proves that he had no intention to deceive, be liable for each offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

43. — (1) The master of a ship (other than an excepted ship) shall when navigating in circumstances in which pilotage is compulsory under this Act, display a pilot signal, and keep the signal displayed until a licensed pilot comes on board.

(2) The master of a ship, whether navigating in circumstances in which pilotage is compulsory or not, which is being piloted in a pilotage district by a pilot not licensed for the district, shall display a pilot signal and keep the signal displayed until a licensed pilot comes on board.

(3) If the master of any ship fails to comply with this section, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

44. — (1) The master of a ship (other than an excepted ship) which, in circumstances in which pilotage is compulsory under this Act, is not under pilotage as required in these circumstances, shall, if a licensed pilot of the district makes a signal for the purpose of offering his services as pilot, by any practical means consistent with the safety of his ship, facilitate the pilot getting on board the ship, and shall give the charge of piloting the ship to that pilot, or, if there are two or more licensed pilots offering at the same time, to such one of them as may, according to any byelaws for the time being in force in the district, be entitled or required to take charge of the ship.

(2) Where the master of a ship, whether in circumstances in which pilotage is compulsory or not, accepts the sendees of a licensed pilot, he shall, by any practical means consistent with the safety of his ship, facilitate the pilot getting on board the ship.

(3) If the master of any ship fails to comply with the provisions of this section, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding double the amount of pilotage dues that could be demanded for the conduct of the ship.

45. — (1) His Majesty may by Order in Council make rales as to the signals to be used or displayed where the services of a pilot are required on any vessel, and those signals are in this Act referred to as pilot signals.

(2) If a vessel requires the services of a pilot, the master of that vessel shall use or display the pilot signals.

(3) If a master of a vessel uses or displays, or causes or permits any person under his authority to use or display, any of the pilot signals for any other purpose than that of summoning a pilot, or uses or causes or permits any person under his authority to use any other signal for a pilot, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

1913.

Pilotage A, 1913. Ch. 31.

141

Offences by Pilots.

46. If any pilot, when piloting a ship, by wilful breach of duty or by neglect of duty, or by reason of drunkenness —

(a)does any act tending to the immediate loss, destruction, or serious damage of the ship, or tending immediately to endanger the life or limb of any person on board the ship; or

(b) refuses or omits to do any lawful act proper and requisite to be done by him for preserving the ship from loss, destruction, or serious damage, or for preserving any person belonging to or on board the ship from danger to life or limb;

that pilot shall in respect of each offence be guilty of a misdemeanour.

47. If any person, by wilful misrepresentation of circumstances upon which the safety of a ship may depend, obtains, or endeavours to obtain, the charge of that ship, that person and every person procuring, abetting, or conniving at the commission of the offence shall, in addition to any liability for damages, be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

48. — (1) If a licensed pilot, either within or without the district for which he is licensed, —

(a) himself keeps, or is interested in keeping by any agent, servant, or other person, any premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquors, or sells or is interested in selling any intoxicating liquors, tobacco, or tea;

(b) is in any way directly or indirectly concerned in any corrupt practices relating to ships, their tackle, furniture, cargoes, crews, or passengers, or to persons in distress at sea or by shipwreck, or to their moneys, goods, or chattels; .

(c) lends his licence;

(d) acts as pilot whilst suspended;

(e) acts as pilot when in a state of intoxication;

(f) employs, or causes to be employed, on board any ship which he is piloting any boat, anchor, cable, or other store, matter, or thing beyond what is necessary for the sendee of that ship, with intent to enhance the expenses of pilotage for his own gain or for. the gain of any other person;

(g) refuses or wilfully delays, when not prevented by illness or other reasonable cause, to pilot any ship within the district for which he is licensed, upon the signal for a pilot being made by that ship, or upon being required to do so by the master, owner, agent, or consignee thereof, or by any officer of the pilotage authority by whom the pilot is licensed, or by any chief officer of Customs and Excise;

m '

Penalty on pilot endan* gering ship, life, or limb.

Penalty on person obtaining charge of a ship by misrepresentation.

Offences by pilots.

142

Ch. 31.

Pilotage Act, 1913.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

(h) unnecessarily cuts or slips, or causes to be cut or slipped,

any cable belonging to any ship;

(i) refuses, otherwise than on reasonable ground of danger

to the ship, when requested by the master, to conduct the ship which he is piloting into any port or place within the district for which he is licensed; or

(k) quits the ship, which he is piloting, before the service for which he was engaged has been performed and without the consent of the master of the ship; that pilot shall, in addition to any liability for damages, be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2) If any person procures, aids, abets, or connives at the commission of any offence under this section, he shall, in addition to any liability for damages, be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(3) The provisions of the law relating to Customs with respect to the recovery of penalties under that law, and the application of such penalties, shall apply in the case of any prosecution by any officer of Customs and Excise for the recovery of a fine in respect of any offence against this section.

Recovery of pilotage dues.

Receiving or offering improper rates of pilotage.

Recovery, &c. of Pilotage Dues.

49. — (1) The following persons shall be liable to pay pilotage dues for any ship for which the services of a licensed pilot are obtained, namely: —

(a) the owner or master;

(b) as to pilotage inwards, such consignees or agents as have

paid or made themselves liable to pay any other charge on account of the ship in the port of her arrival or discharge;

(c) as to pilotage outwards, such consignees or agents as

have paid or made themselves liable to pay any other charge on account of the ship in the port of her departure;

and those dues may be recovered in the same manner as fines of like amount under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, but that recovery shall not take place until a previous demand has been made in writing.

(2) Any consignee or agent (not being the owner or master of the ship) who is hereby made liable for the payment of pilotage dues in respect of any ship may, out of any moneys received by him on account of that ship or belonging to the owner thereof, retain the amount of all dues paid by him, together with any reasonable expenses he may have incurred by reason of the payment of the dues or his liability to pay the dues.

50. A licensed pilot shall not demand or receive, and a master shall not offer or pay to any licensed pilot, dues in respect of pilotage services at any other rates, whether greater

1913. Pilotage Act, 1913. Ch. 31. 143

or less, than the rates which may be demanded by law, and, if a pilot or master acts in contravention of this enactment, he shall be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

51. If any boat or ship, having on board a licensed pilot, Pilotage rate leads any ship which has not a licensed pilot on board when the leading last-mentioned ship cannot, from particular circumstances, be 8 ips" boarded, the pilot so leading the last-mentioned ship shall be entitled to the full pilotage rate for the distance run as if he had actually been on board and had charge of that ship.

Special Provisions as to the Trinity House.

52. — (1) For the purposes of this Act, any district which Trinity House* at the time of the passing of this Act is under the authority of dls‘ sub-commissioners appointed by the Trinity House and any pilotage district which may be declared after the passing of this

Act to be a Trinity House outport district, shall be deemed to be a Trinity House outport district.

(2) The powers and duties of the Trinity House under this Act as the pilotage authority of an outport district shall be exercised and performed through a committee appointed for the district in such manner and subject to such conditions as may be determined by a Pilotage Order, under the name of Sub-Commissioners or such other name as may be fixed by the Order, and any such Order may be made so as to apply to all or any one or more of the outport districts.

53. Nothing in this Act shall oblige the Trinity House to Trinity House maintain separate pilot funds for each of the pilotage districts Pllot Fund-of which they are the authority, and, if they maintain a single

pilot fund for all those districts, the provisions of this Act as to pilot funds shall apply as if all the districts of which they are the pilotage authority were a single pilotage district.

54. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the Trinity Power of House may permit any person who, at the date of the passing

of this Act, was licensed to pilot an exempted vessel in the ri8fora\sto Thames or Medway, to continue to pilot any vessel in those exempt pilots, rivers belonging to a class which, at the date of the passing of this Act, were exempted vessels, and were, in the opinion of the Trinity House, in practice piloted by such persons, and any such person while so acting shall be deemed, for the purposes of this Act, to be a licensed pilot.

55. — (1) The following pilotage dues in respect of foreign Collection of ships, not being excepted ships, trading to and from the port of fdp^e0fues London, namely London by

(a) as to ships inwards, the full amount of pilotage dues for officers of

the distance piloted; and Excise a"d

(b) as to ships outwards, the full amount of dues for the distance required by law; shall be paid to the chief officer of Customs and Excise in the port of London by the master, or by any consignees or agents of

144 Ch. 31. Pilotage Act, 1913. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

the ship who have paid, or made themselves liable to pay, any other charge for the ship in the port of London.

(2) The chief officer of Customs and Excise, on receiving, any pilotage dues in respect of foreign ships, shall give to the person paying the dues a receipt in writing for the dues, and in the port of London the ship may be detained until the receipt is produced to the proper officer of Customs and Excise of the port.

(3) The chief officer of Customs and Excise shall pay over to the Trinity House the pilotage dues received by him under this section, and the Trinity House shall apply the dues so received —

(a) in paying to any licensed pilot who produces to them

sufficient proof of his having piloted the ship such dues as would have been payable to him for pilotage services if the ship had been a British ship, after making any deductions which they are authorised to make by byelaw under this Act; and

(b) in paying to any person not being a licensed pilot who

produces to them sufficient proof of his having, in the absence of a licensed pilot, piloted the ship, such amount as the Trinity House think proper, not exceeding the amount which would, under similar circumstances, have been payable to a licensed pilot after making the said deductions; and

(c) in paying over to the Trinity House pilot fund the residue, together with the amount of any deductions made as aforesaid.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect the application of the provisions of this Act as to the recovery of pilotage dues.

Miscellaneous and General Provisions.

Limit on ex- 56. The expenditure under this Act out of money provided penditure. by Parliament shall not exceed six thousand pounds in any one year.

Application of 57. The Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c. Act, 1874, shall c. 740.38 Vict apply as if this Act were a special Act within the meaning of the first-mentioned Act.

Saving for 58. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, where a pilotage

ntie^having'0' authority is entitled by statute at the time of the passing of power to apply this Act to receive moneys in the name of pilotage and to in°nanieeofive<I aPPty Pai't such moneys to purposes other than those autho-piiotage to rised under this Act. a Pilotage Order made under Part I. of other pur- this Act in respect of that authority may provide for the poses. apportionment of the moneys so received as between the pilot

fund or account and such other purposes.

Commence- 59. This Act shall (except as expressly provided) come into

ment of Act. operation on the first day of April nineteen hundred and thirteen:Provided that any enactment, order, charter, custom,

byelaw, regulation, or provision with reference to pilotage

11)13.

Ch. 31.

145

Pilotage Act, 1913.

affecting any pilotage district in particular, and in force at the time of the passing of this Act, including any exemptions from -compulsory pilotage taking effect thereunder, shall remain in force notwithstanding anything in this Act or any repeal effected by this Act, until provision is made by Pilotage Order, or in the case of a byelaw by byelaw, made under this Act superseding any such enactment, order, charter, custom, byelaw, regulation, or provision.

60. — (1) The enactments mentioned in the Second Schedule Repeal, to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

Provided that —

(a) Any order in council, licence, certificate, byelaw, rule, or regulation made or granted under any enactment hereby repealed or in pursuance of any power which ceases in consequence of this Act, shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, continue in force as if it had been made or granted under this Act; and

(b) Any officer appointed, any body elected or constituted, and any office established under any enactment hereby repealed shall continue and be deemed to have been appointed, elected, constituted, or established, as the case may be, under this Act;

(c) Any document referring to any Act or enactment hereby repealed shall be construed to refer to this Act or to the corresponding enactment of this Act.

(2) The mention of particular matters in this section shall not be held to prejudice or affect the general application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, as regards °2 & 53 Vict, the effect of repeals. c. 63.

---

[Extent of Act.]

61. This Act extends to the United Kingdom and the Isle of Man, and applies to all ships, British and foreign.

[Short title.]

62. This Act may be cited as the Pilotage Act, 1913, and shall be construed as one with the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, and the Acts amending the same; and the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1907, and this Act may be cited together as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1913.

SCHEDULES.

[Section 7.]

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Pilotage Orders.

1. Subject to the provisions of this schedule, the Board of Trade may make rules in relation to applications for Pilotage Orders, and to the payments to be made in respect thereof, and to the publication of notices and advertisements, and the manner in which and the time within

146 Ch. 31. Pilotage Act, 1913. 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

which representations or objections with reference to any application are to be made, and as to the publication of Pilotage Orders.

2. Notice of an application for an Order shall be published once at least in each of two successive weeks in the month immediately succeeding the date of the application in such manner as may be prescribed by the rules made by the Board of Trade.

3. The notice shall state the object which it is proposed to effect by the Order.

4. The Board of Trade on receiving any application for an Order shall refer the application to the pilotage authority of the district, if the authority are not themselves the applicants, and shall consider any objections which may be made to the proposed Order whether by the pilotage authority or by other persons appearing to the Board of Trade to be interested, and for that purpose shall allow at least six weeks to elapse between the date on which the application is referred to the authority and that on which the Order is made.

5. The Board of Trade may submit to Parliament for confirmation any Order which requires confirmation by Parliament.

6. If and when a Bill confirming any such Order is pending in either House of Parliament, a petition is presented against any Order comprised therein, the Bill, so far as it relates to that Order, may be referred to a Select Committee, or, if the two Houses of Parliament think fit so to order, to a Joint Committee of those Houses, and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of private Bills.

7. Any Act confirming an Order under this Act may be repealed, altered, or ameuded by any subsequent Order made under this Act.

8. The Board of Trade may revoke, either wholly or partially, any Order made by them before the Order is confirmed by Parliament, but such revocation shall not be made whilst the Bill confirming the Order is pending in either House of Parliament.

9. The making of an Order shall be prima facie evidence that all the requirements of this Act in respect of proceedings required to be taken previously to the making of the Order have been complied with.

[Section 60.]

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. - - Extent of Repeal.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60. - The Merchant Shipping Act, 1894. - Sections five hundred and seventy-two to six hundred and thirty-two inclusive, and the twenty-first schedule.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 61. - The Merchant Shipping (Exemption from Pilotage) Act, 1897. - The whole Act.

6 Edw. 7. c. 48. - The Merchant Shipping Act 1906. - Section seventy-three.

A.D. 1912.13.] Local Acts. 147

TABLE II.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session (arranged according to chapter).

2 & 3 GEORGE 5. A.D. 1912.13.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 30th April 1912.

i. An Act to empower the Central Argentine Railway Limited to redeem its seven per centum preference shares and to convert its consolidated seven per centum preference stock and for other purposes. (Argentine Railway Limited.)

Royal Assent, 25th June 1912.

ii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the railways authorised by the Collooney Ballina and Belmullet Railways and Piers Act 1907 and for other purposes. (Collooney Ballina and Belmullet Railways and Piers.)

iii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised pier and works of the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier.)

iv. An Act to extend the period limited for the construction and completion of Railway No. 1 authorised by the Wirral Railway Act 1898 and to extend the time for the sale of surplus lands. (Wirral Railway (Extension of Time).)

V. An Act for the conversion of the preference stock of the Credit Foncier of Mauritius Limited the cancellation of paid up capital to repeal the Credit Foncier of Mauritius Limited Act 1895 and for other purposes. (Credit Foncier of Mauritius)

vi. An Act to enable the Leatherhead Gas and Lighting Company to acquire the undertaking of the Cobham Gas Company and to confirm the agreement entered into with the latter company to authorise the raising of additional capital by and the conferring of further powers upon the Leatherhead Gas and Lighting Company and for other purposes. (Leatherhead Gas.)

vii. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of the Newry Keady and Tynan Railway and for other purposes. (Newry Keady and Tynan Railway.)

viii. An Act to confer upon the Sidmouth Urban District Council powers in relation to the supply of gas and electricity and to enable the Council to acquire the undertaking of the Sidmouth Gas and Electricity Company. (Sidmouth Urban District Council.)

ix. An Act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Belfast with reference to their gas undertaking and for other purposes. (Belfast Corporation.)

x. An Act to repeal and re-enact with amendments an Act relating to the embankment and drainage of certain low lands in the townships of Everton Scaftworth Gringley-on-the-Hill Misterton and Walkeringham in the county of Nottingham and to make further and better provision in respect thereof. (Everton, &c. Drainage.)

xi. An Act to provide for the construction of a new bridge over the River Ribble from Preston to Penwortham in the county palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes. (Penwortham Bridge.)

xii. An Act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to borrow moneys in connection with the improvement of the port of Liverpool and the navigation of the River Mersey and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.)

xiii. An Act for regulating meetings and processions in streets within the city of Liverpool and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation.)

xiv. An Act to sanction and confirm the construction of certain existing works and to construct further works of water supply to raise additional capital for gas and water and for other purposes. (Dunstable Gas and Water.)

xv. An Act to authorise the urban district council of Church Stretton to purchase the undertaking of the Church Stretton Waterworks Company and to supply water and for other purposes in connexion therewith. (Church Stretton Urban District Water.)

xvi. An Act to authorise the urban district council of Egremont to construct and maintain waterworks and supply water and for other purposes. (Egremont Urban District Water.)

xvii. An Act to enable the urban district council of Ramsbottom to construct overhead equipment and run trolley cars by railless traction and to confer other powers upon the Council. (Ramsbottom Urban District Railless Traction.)

xviii. An Act to provide for the incorporation under the Companies (Consolidation) Act 1908 of a Company to take over the investments securities property and assets of the Birkbeck Share and Debenture Trust and for other purposes. (Birkbeck Share and Debenture Trust.)

xix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Ship Canal Company with respect to the holding and disposal of lands and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

xx. An Act to confer further powers upon Price’s Patent Candle Company Limited to enable the Company to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Price’s Patent Candle Company Limited.)

P. xxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Aberdeen Market Company. (Aberdeen Market Company Order Confirmation.)

P. xxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway. (Glasgow and South Western Railway Order Confirmation.)

P. xxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Prestonpans Combination Water Supply (Finance). (Prestonpans Combination Water Supply (Finance) Order Confirmation.)

P. xxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Kilmarnock Gas. (Kilmarnock Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. xxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clyde Lighthouses. (Clyde Lighthouses Order Confirmation.)

P. xxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries. (Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries Order Confirmation.)

P. xxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Falkirk and District Tramways. (Falkirk and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. xxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Allan Glen’s School. (Allan Glen’s School Order Confirmation.)

P. xxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 7th August 1912.

xxx. An Act to empower the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company to establish a benefit fund for their servants and their dependents and for other purposes. (Brighton and Hove Gas.)

xxxi. An Act to extend the time for the construction of the works authorised by the Ystradfellte Water Act 1902 and to confer further powers upon the Neath Rural District Council in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Ystradfellte Water.)

xxxii. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Stockport to provide and work trolley vehicles and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation.)

xxxiii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Taff Vale Railway Company with reference to the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

xxxiv. An Act to enable the Windermere District Gas and Water Company to raise additional capital to construct new waterworks and for other purposes. (Windermere District Gas and Water.)

xxxv. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Annfield Plain and District Gas Company. (Annfield Plain and District Gas.)

xxxvi. An Act to enable the Dublin and South Eastern Railway Company to make certain diversion railways in the county of Wicklow to apply their capital and funds and to confer further powers on them in relation to their general undertaking and for other purposes. (Dublin and South Eastern Railway.)

xxxvii. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company for enabling the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to acquire additional lands for extending the periods limited by former Acts for the completion of works for extending, the time for the sale of superfluous lands held by the Company and by other companies and by certain joint committees for the electrification of the East London Railway and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway.)

xxxviii. An Act to extend the time limited by the Derwent Valley Water Act 1909 for the compulsory purchase of lands to make provisions as to compensation water gauges and for other purposes. (Derwent Valley Water.)

xxxix. An Act to extend the time limited by the Cardiff Railway Acts 1897 1898 1899 1903 1904 1906 1908 and 1910 for the purchase of certain lands and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

xl. An Act to empower the Southgate and District Gas Company to establish a benefit fund for their servants and their dependents and for other purposes. (Southgate and District Gas.)

xli. An Act to empower the North Middlesex Gas Company to establish a benefit fund for their servants and their dependents and for other purposes. (North Middlesex Gas.)

xlii. An Act to authorise the construction of subways in the city of London to repeal the obligation to maintain Shadwell Fish Market to provide for the granting of superannuation and pension allowances to certain of the officers and servants of the Corporation of London and for other purposes. (City of London (Various Powers).)

xliii. An Act to empower the Lea Bridge District Gas Company to establish a benefit fund for their servants and their dependents and for other purposes. (Lea Bridge District Gas.)

xliv. An Act to empower the Maidenhead Gas Company to establish a benefit fund for their servants and their dependents and for other purposes. (Maidenhead Gas.)

xlv. An Act to extend the limits of the Tendring Hundred Waterworks Company for and to confer further powers on the Company with reference to the supply of water and gas to authorise the Company to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Tendring Hundred Water and Gas.)

xlvi. An Act to dissolve and reincorporate the Brodsworth and District Gas Company Limited and for other purposes. (Brodsworth and District Gas.)

xlvii. An Act for amalgamating the Wandsworth and Putney Gaslight and Coke Company the Mitcham and Wimbledon District Gaslight Company and the Epsom and Ewell Gas Company and for other purposes. (Wandesworth Wimbledon and Epsom District Gas.)

xlviii. An Act for granting additional powers to the Australian Agricultural Company for altering the capital of the Company for enabling the Company to make further alterations in its capital for consolidating and amending the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes. (Australian Agricultural Company's.)

xlix. An Act to amend the City of London (Spitalfields Market) Act 1902 and for other purposes. (Stepney Borough Council (Spitalfields Market).)

l. An Act to authorise the urban district council of Bedwellty to supply gas and water within their urban district and the neighbourhood thereof to authorise the purchase of certain gas and water undertakings and to make further provision in regard to the local government and improvement of the district. (Bedwellty Urban District Council.)

li. An Act to confer further powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners. (Belfast Water.)

lii. An Act to extend the time for completion of certain works to authorise the Port of London Authority to acquire compulsorily lands in the City of London and for other purposes. (Port of London.)

liii. An Act to authorise the Scunthorpe Urban District Council to construct new waterworks and to acquire additional lands to extend the limits for the supply of water by the Council to make further provision with respect to the water supply of the district and for other purposes. (Scunthorpe Urban District Water.)

liv. An Act to authorise the Tavistock Urban District Council to acquire the water and market undertakings and other properties from the Duke of Bedford and to make further provision in regard to the water supplies and markets and t fairs and the local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Tavistock Urban District Council.)

lv. An Act for incorporating the North Ormesby South Bank Normanby and Grangetown Railless Traction Company and for other purposes. (North Ormesby South Bank Normanby and Grangetown Railless Traction.)

lvi. An Act to confer further powers on the urban district council of Shipley in regard to their water gas and electricity undertakings and to make further and better provision for the improvement and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Shipley Urban District Council.)

lvii. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Brighton to provide and use trolley vehicles and for other purposes. (Brighton Corporation.)

lviii. An Act to authorise the construction of a new railway and works and the acquisition of additional lands by the Great Central Railway Company to transfer the powers for the construction of certain railways from the Great Central Railway Company to the Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Railway Companies jointly and to authorise those companies to make a deviation railway to authorise the Great Northern and Great Central Railway Companies to make further works and acquire additional lands for their West Riding and Grimsby Railway to authorise the North Lindsey Light Railways Company to make further works to enable the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company to acquire the undertaking of the Barton and Immingham Light Railway Company and to raise further capital to confer further powers upon the Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

lix. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Bawtry and District Gas Company. (Bawtry and District Gas.)

lx. An Act to enable the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Hove to provide and run vehicles by means of railless traction and for other purposes. (Hove Corporation.)

lxi. An Act to confer powers upon the Houghton-le-Spring District Gas Company. (Houghton-le-Spring District Gas.)

lxii. An Act to empower the Bognor Gas Light and Coke Company to supply electricity to and within their statutory gas limits and for other purposes. (Bognor Gas Light and Coke Company (Electricity).)

lxiii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Fleetwood Gas Company. (Fleetwood Gas.)

lxiv. An Act to define and sanction the existing water undertaking of the urban district council of Ivybridge in the county of Devon to authorise the construction of new works and for other purposes. (Ivybridge Urban District Water.)

lxv. An Act to make further provision respecting the undertaking of the Metropolitan District Railway Company to empower the London and South Western Railway Company to widen their Wimbledon and Fulham Railway to confirm an agreement between those companies with reference to that railway and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Distinct Railway.)

lxvi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company in conjunction with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the Great Western Railway Company respectively in relation to their joint undertakings and upon the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

lxvii. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Christchurch Gas Company and to confer further powers upon the Company. (Christchurch Gas.)

lxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Herne Bay Gas and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes. (Herne Bay Gas.)

lxix. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Wakefield Gaslight Company. (Wakefield Gas.)

lxx. An Act to empower the Swanage Gas and Water Company to construct additional waterworks to confer further powers upon them with reference to their gas and water undertakings and for other purposes. (Swanage Gas and Water.)

lxxi. An Act to consolidate the York United Gas Light Company’s special Acts to extend their limits of supply to authorise the Company to construct additional works and to raise additional capital to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (York Gas (Consolidation).)

lxxii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Dover to acquire lands and property within the pier ward of the borough to construct new streets and street works to borrow money and for other purposes. (Dover Corporation.)

lxxiii. An Act to authorise the abandonment of certain existing and authorised tramways of the London United Tramways Limited in the borough of Richmond (Surrey) and to repeal and amend the provisions of the existing enactments relative thereto to authorise agreements between the London United Tramways Limited and the urban district council of Chiswick and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

lxxiv. An Act to provide in the case of certain gas companies for the adoption of the Metropolitan Argand Burner No. 2 as a standard burner in substitution for the various burners now in use for the official testing of the illuminating power of gas supplied by them and for other purposes. (Gas Companies (Standard Burner).)

lxxv. An Act to enable the Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Company to construct additional waterworks to sanction and confirm the construction of existing works to extend the limits of supply to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks.)

lxxvi. An Act to authorise the Tees Conservancy Commissioners to make new roads for improving the access to lands reclaimed by them in the county of Durham to heighten the one-third tide riven-training walls in the River Tees to confer further powers on the Commissioners for the regulation of the river and for other purposes. (Tees Conservancy.)

lxxvii. An Act to extend the periods now limited by the Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways Acts 1903 1904 1906 and 1909 for the compulsory purchase of lands and easements and for other purposes. (Preston Chorley Horwich Tramways.)

lxxviii. An Act to empower the London Electric Railway Company to construct new Railways and for other purposes. (London Electric Railway.)

lxxix. An Act to empower the Llanelly Rural District Council to obtain a supply of water from the River Sawdde in the county of Carmarthen to authorise the construction of works and for other purposes. (Llanelly Rural District Water.)

lxxx. An Act to convert the preferred stock of the London Trust Company Limited and to increase its paid-up capital to authorise the issue of further capital and for other purposes. (London Trust Company.)

lxxxi. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

lxxxii. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Birmingham to construct tramways and street improvements and to make further provision in regard to their tramway gas and electricity undertakings and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation.)

lxxxiii. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Ashborne and District Gas Company to the Ashborne Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of gas and for other purposes. (Ashborne Urban District Council (Gas).)

lxxxiv. An Act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct a railway in the county of Glamorgan and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

lxxxv. An Act to authorise the deviation of part of the Edgware and Hampstead Railway to confer further powers on the Edgware and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes. (Edgware and Hampstead Railway.)

lxxxvi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western Railway Company and the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company in respect of junction railways and other works affecting their respective railways and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

lxxxvii. An Act to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company to construct new railways and works and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

lxxxviii. An Act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Board consisting of representatives of the urban district councils of Gelligaer Caerphilly Bedwellty Rhymney and Mynyddislwyn and the rural district council of St. Mellons in the counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth and to authorise the Board to construct main trunk sewers and other works for the disposal of the sewage of such districts and for other purposes. (Rhymney Valley Sewerage Board.)

lxxxix. An Act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Ericht Water and Electric Power Company to enable them to construct and maintain works and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Ericht Water and Electric Power.)

xc. An Act to authorise the acquisition by the South Suburban Gas Company of the undertakings of the Bromley and Crays Gas Company and the West Kent Gas Company to confer further powers on the South Suburban Gas Company and for other purposes. (South Suburban Gas.)

xci. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Woking District Gas Company. (Woking District Gas.)

xcii. An Act to authorise the County Council of the county of Lanark to construct tramways in that county to confirm an agreement between the County Council and the Lanarkshire Tramways Company to authorise the County Council and the town councils of the burghs of Hamilton Motherwell and Wishaw to acquire the undertaking of the said Company and for other purposes. (Lanark County Tramways.)

xciii. An Act to make provisions with regard to the constitution and regulation of the Manchester Royal Exchange Limited and the conversion of the ordinary stock of that Company and for other purposes. (Manchester Royal Exchange.)

xciv. An Act to incorporate the Trustees of the Nottingham Mechanics Institution to extend the objects and powers of the institution and for other purposes. (Nottingham Mechanics Institution.)

xcv. An Act to extend the boundaries of the city and Royal burgh of Glasgow and of the county of the city of Glasgow and to alter and adjust the boundaries of the counties of Lanark Renfrew and Dumbarton and for other purposes. (Glasgow Boundaries.)

xcvi. An Act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Glasgow to construct new waterworks to acquire lands to borrow money for such works and for other purposes. (Glasgow Water.)

xcvii. An Act to empower the Fylde Water Board to construct additional waterworks to make better provision with regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Fylde Water Board.)

xcviii. An Act for confirming certain agreements purporting to have been made under the Electric Lighting Act 1882 between the National Electric Construction Company Limited and their predecessors in title and certain local authorities and for other purposes. (National Electric Construction Company Limited.)

xcix. An Act to confirm an agreement between the Swansea Improvements and Tramways Company and the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Swansea to authorise the said mayor aldermen and burgesses to construct tramways and street improvements to confer further powers upon them in regard to their tramways electricity water and market undertakings and to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Swansea Corporation.)

c. An Act for vesting the undertaking of the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company in the Midland Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway (London Tilbury and Southend Railway Purchase).)

ci. An Act to constitute a Lunatic Asylums Board for the west riding of the county of York to transfer certain existing county lunatic asylums to such Board and for other purposes. (West Riding of Yorkshire Asylums.)

cii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and to authorise that Company in conjunction with the Great Central Railway Company to construct railways and works to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

ciii. An Act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

civ. An Act to make provision with respect to the registration of petroleum oil depots in the administrative county of London to confer further powers on the London County Council and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

cv. An Act to consolidate the provisions of the Metropolitan Board of Works Loans Acts 1869 to 1871 and the London County Council (Money) Acts 1875 to 1912 with respect to the raising of money by the London County Council on capital account and other matters with such amendments as are necessary to make those provisions applicable to existing conditions. (London County Council (Finance Consolidation).)

cvi. An Act to empower the London County Council to construct and work new tramways to alter and reconstruct existing tramways and to make street improvements and other works and for other purposes. (County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

cvii. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Keighley to construct further waterworks and a street improvement to provide and work a trolley vehicle system to provide and work motor omnibuses on additional routes to extend the powers of the Corporation with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Keighley Corporation.)

cviii. An Act to incorporate and confer powers on the Bordon and District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Bordon and District Gas.)

cix. An Act to alter the constitution of and method of election to the Blyth Harbour Commission to confer further powers upon the Commissioners to authorise the Commissioners to construct works and acquire lands to raise additional money and to create stock and for other purposes. (Blyth Harbour.)

P. cx. An Act to make provision for the acquisition of a Site for Public Offices in Westminster for the acquisition of land for the further extension of the Patent Office and for purposes in connection with the Record Office to amend the Public Offices Sites (Extension) Act 1908 and to make provision for certain other public purposes. (Public Offices (Sites).)

P. cxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Dublin (two) Dungarvan the rural districts of Belfast Carlow and Larne and the Taghmaconnell Joint Burial Board. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban districts of Monaghan and Blackrock the rural district of Newry (No. 1) and the Newry Port Sanitary Authority. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Dublin Joint Hospital District the Portarlington Joint Burial Board Clonmel and the King’s County and County of Westmeath. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Ardsley Bingley Birstall (Amendment) Burnham Great Harwood Greetland Hoyland Nether Launceston and Wimborne and District (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Abercarn (Amendment) Aylesbury Biddulph Burnley (Extension) Darton and District Doncaster (Extension) Dorchester Ilkley Pontefract (Amendment) and Sherborne. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Abingdon Altrincham and Bowdon (Extension) Cheltenham (Extension) Goole and District Holmfirth Llanelly (Extension) Llantwit Fardre Rothwell and District Rushden and District and Wombwell and Worsborough. (Electric lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary of State for War made in pursuance of section two of the Military Lands Act 1892 authorising the purchase by the Territorial Force Association of the West Riding of the County of York of land for the provision of rifle ranges and for other military purposes. (Military Lands Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Bradford Corporation Act 1910 relating to Bradford Corporation Trolley Vehicles. (Bradford Corporation Trolley Vehicles Order Confirmation.)

P. cxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Essex and Surrey to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Essex, &c.).)

P. cxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Kent Montgomery Somerset Surrey and the West Riding of Yorkshire and the Urban District of Rhondda to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Kent, &c.).)

P. cxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (London No. 1).)

P. cxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 2).)

P. cxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the city of Lincoln and in the Parishes of Saxilby Skellingthorpe and Boultham in the county of Lincoln. (Land Drainage (Lincoln West) (South District) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the parishes of Billingham Wolviston Grindon Norton and Stockton-on-Tees in the county of Durham. (Land Drainage (Billingham) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the parishes of Pitsea Bowers Gifford and South Benfleet in the county of Essex. (Land Drainage (Pitsea) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Hatfield (Yorks) Gas Swansea Gas West Kent Gas and Eltham Valley Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. cxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Buxton Cleethorpe with Thrunscoe Derby Leicester and Middleton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dawlish Gosforth Hyde Margate and Newport (Mon.). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cambridge Coalville Darlington Kington Prescot and Shifnal (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bacup Huddersfield (two) and the Croydon and Wimbledon Joint Small Pox Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Kidderminster. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bethesda Darwen Dewsbury Llanelly and the Thurrock Grays and Tilbury Joint Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Halifax and Queenborough. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. cxxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Caerphilly Llanrwst and Mansfield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. cxxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Liverpool Nantwich Newcastle-under-Lyme New Mills Stratford-upon-Avon and Torquay. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. cxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Milford Haven Salford the Luddenden Foot Joint Sewerage District and the South West Gloucestershire United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. cxxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carlisle and Wallasey. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. cxxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnsley and Leeds. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. cxxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Dewsbury. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 14).)

P. cxl. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bala Harrington and Hipperholme. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

P. cxli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to mussel fisheries in the estuary of the River Conway. (Sea Fisheries (Conway) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cxlii. An Act to confirm two Provisional Orders under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to oyster and mussel fisheries in the estuary of the Wash in the county of Norfolk. (Sea Fisheries (Lynn) Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

P. cxliii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the River Exe and other waters. (Exe Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. cxliv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bingley Urban District Council Tramway Dewsbury Corporation Tramways Portsmouth Corporation Tramways and West Hartlepool Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

P. cxlv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Tarbert (Lochfyne). (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxlvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brixham Gillingham and Lowestoft. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxlvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Arbroath Corporation Gas. (Arbroath Corporation Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. cxlviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunbar Water. (Dunbar Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxlix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation. (Glasgow Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. cl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clyde Valley Electrical Power Company. (Clyde Valley Electrical Power Order Confirmation.)

P. cli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Kingston-upon-Hull Corporation Act 1907. (Kingston-upon-Hull Corporation Act Provisional Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 13th December 1912.

P. clii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Conisbrough Gas Elham Valley Gas Knottingley Gas and Thurles Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cliii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Cambridge University and Town Gas Cleethorpes Gas Tipperary Gas and Welwyn Knebworth and District Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cliv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Falkirk Burgh. (Falkirk Burgh Order Confirmation.)

P. clv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to certain burghs and parishes in the counties of Linlithgow Stirling and Dunbarton. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. clvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Annagassan Lossiemouth and Macduff. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. clvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Hove Porthcawl Rhyl and Southend-on-Sea. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. clviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the Rivers Kent and Bela and other waters. (Kent and Bela Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. clix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

P. clx. An Act to enable the Admiralty to construct and maintain a pier at North Killingholme on the River Humber and for purposes in connection therewith. (North Killingholme (Admiralty Pier).)

P. clxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Eastern Valleys (Monmouthshire) Joint Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 13).)

P. clxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath Birmingham-Burnley Bury Cambridge Christchurch Reading Sheffield and Southport. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

P. clxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Chiddingfold and District Water East Surrey Water Henley-on-Thames Water and Wimborne Minster Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. clxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to certain waters in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk. (Norfolk Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

clxv. An Act to authorise the Great Central Railway Company to enlarge their fish dock at Grimsby and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway Fish Dock).)

clxvi. An Act to authorise the Yorkshire Transport Company Limited to construct a pier on the River Humber and for other purposes. (North Killingholme Pier.)

Royal Assent, 14th February 1913.

clxvii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Sheffield to execute certain street improvements and to construct additional tramways; to confer on the Corporation further powers with respect to their Tramway Water and Electrical Undertakings; and to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the city; and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation.)

P. clxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the parishes of Above-Derwent Under-skiddaw Embleton Wythop Setmurthy Isel Old Park and Bassenthwaite in the county of Cumberland. (Drainage (Braithwaite Moss) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. clxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kirkcaldy District Water. (Kirkcaldy District Water Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 7th March 1913.

P. clxx. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity of Samuel Robinson for Independent and Baptist Ministers. (Robinson's Trust Scheme Confirmation.)

P. clxxi. An Act to confirm Schemes of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of (1) Various Charities in the Borough of Beverley and the Parish of Beverley St. John in the East Riding of the County of York and (2) the Charity called or known as the Minster New Fund in the said Borough. (Beverley Charities Schemes Confirmation.)

P. clxxii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of (1) Various Charities in the Ancient Parish of Whitby in the North Riding of the County of York and (2) the Charities of Alice Gallilee in Whitby and other places in the said North Riding. (Whitby Charities Scheme Confirmation.)

P. clxxiii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called the Loan Fund Bearing Interest under the management of the Haberdashers’ Company of the City of London. (Haberdashers' Company Loan Fund Bearing Interest Scheme Confirmation.)

PRIVATE ACT.

Printed by the King’s Printer, and whereof the Printed Copies may be given in evidence.

Royal Assent, 13th December 1912.

1. An Act to authorise the Trustees of the will of John Howard deceased to transfer to a company with limited liability to be hereafter formed the business of the testator and certain lands and premises held in connection therewith and for other purposes. (Howard Estate.)

PRIVATE ACT.

Not Printed.

Royal Assent, 7th August 1912.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Shenstone John Bishop of 20 Merrion Square in the city of Dublin surgeon-dentist with Ethel Mally Bishop his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Bishop's Divorce.)

[List of local acts alphabetical removed.]

---

172 Effect of Legislation.

[2 & 3 Geo. 5.

TABLE III

Showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 2 & 3 GEO. 5.

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

---

26 Geo. 3. c. 71 - Knackers - S. 4 rep. as to S. (already rep. as to E. and /.). 14, s. 16 (1).

33 Geo. 3. c. 52 - East India Company - Ss. 53, 67 repealed 6, s. 4 (1), Sch. Part II.

55 Geo. 3. c. 84 - Indian Presidency Towns - S. 1 amended 6, s. 2.

10 Geo. 4. c. 44 - Metropolitan Police S. 23 amended 4, s. 1.

3 & 4 Will. 4.C. 85 Government of India - S. 62 rep. in part; 8. 71 rep. 6, s. 4 (1), Sch. Part II.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 87 Knackers .... S. 3 rep. as to S. (already rep. as to E. and /.). 14, s. 16 (1).

12 & 13 Vict. c. 92 Cruelty to Animals Rep. as to S. (already rep. as to E. and I.'). 14, s. 15 (1).

13 & 14 Vict. c. 92 Cruelty to Animals (S.) Repealed - 14, s. 15 (2), Sch II.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 60 Cruelty to Animals Rep. as to S. (already rep. as to E. and I.'). 14, s. 15 (1).

24 & 25 Vict. c. 67 Indian Councils - S. 60 am. and rep. in part - 6, s. 4 (1), Sch.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 113 Poisoned Grain Prohibition - Rep. as to S. (already rep. a to E. and /.). 14, s. 15 (1).

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 115 Poisoned Flesh Prohibition - Rep. as to S. (already rep. as to E. and /.). 14, s. 15 (1).

31 & 32 Vict. c. 67 Police Rate - S. 2 amended 4, s. 1.

37 & 38 Vict. c. 40 Board of Trade Arbitrations, &c. Applied - 31, s. 67.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 45 National Debt Commissioners S. 5 restricted 8, s. 12.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 13 Drugging of Animals - Rep. as to S. (already rep. as to E. and I.). 14, s. 15 (1).

40 & 41 Vict. c. 2 Treasury Bills 8. 6 restricted 1, s. 3 (2); 7, s. 2 (2).

44 & 45 Vict. c. 58 Army - Ss. 137 (4), 145 (2), 163, 175-177 amended. 5. ss. 4-8.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 69 Criminal Law Amendment - Ss. 2, 13 am.; s. 13 rep. in part. 20, ss. 1-4.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 54 Clerks of Session (S.) Regulation. Amended as to number of Principal Clerks. 23, s. 1.

* Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table.

A.D. 1912.13.] Effect of Legislation. 173

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. Subject-matter or How affected. 1 Chapter of 2 & 3 Geo. 6.

55 & 56 Vict. c. 62 Shops Repealed - 3, s. 22 (3).

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 54 Railway and Canal Traffic S. 1 amended - 29, s. 1.

c. 60 Merchant Shipping Ss. 572-632. Sch. XXI. rep. (but see Terms'); s. 633 31, ss. 15 (3), 60,

Sch.IL

58 & 59 Vict.: rep.

c. 5 Shops ... - - Repealed - - 3, s. 22 (3).

c. 13 Cruelty to Animals (S.) Repealed - 14, s. 15 (2), Sch. II.

c. 21 Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) S. 7 (2) amended - 10, 8. 1.

59 Sc60 Vict. c. 48 Light Railways - Continued and amended; 19, ss. 2, 4-6, 10.

ss. 3 (2), 5 (1), 11, 16, 24 am.

60 & 61 Vict. c. 61 Merchant Shipping (Exemp tion from Pilotage). Repealed (but see Terms) 31, s. 60, Sch. 11.

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 39 Vagrancy - Extended to I. with mod.; 20, s. 7.

s. 1 am.

c. 57 Elementary School Teachers S. 1 (2) am. and rep. in part; 12, sa. 1, 2.

(Superannuation). ss. 1 (2), 2 (1-3), 5 (2) am.

62 & 63 Vict. c. 21 Shops ---- Repealed .... 3, s. 22 (S').

63 & 64 Vict.:

c. 31 Isle of Man (Customs) - Ss. 1, 2 (par, 2) continued - 9, s. 1.

c. 33 Wild Animals in Captivity Rep. as to S. (already rep. 14. s. 15 (1).

Protection. as to E. and I.).

2 Edw. 7. c. 11 - Immoral Traffic (S.) - S. 1 amended 20, s. 7.

4 Edw. 7. c. 31 - Shops Repealed (but see Terms) 3, a. 22 (3).

6 Edw. 7:

c. 18 Isle of Man (Customs) - S. 1 continued 9, s. 1.

c. 48 Merchant Shipping S. 73 repealed see Terms) 31, s. 60, Sch. II.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 5 Injured Animals - Rep. as to S. (already rep. 14, s. 15 ri).

as to E. and I.).

c. 51 Sheriff Courts (S.) Amended; ss. 3, 5-8, 21, 27, 30, 31, 40, Sch. I. am.; ss. 9, 28, 32 rep. 28, ss. 1-4, Schs.

8 Edw. 7:

c. 28 Agricultural Holdings - S. 4 (2) explained and rep. 21, 8.1.

in part.

c. 56 Tuberculosis Prevention (I.) Ss. 7, 8 (2), 9, 10, 13 (par. (b)), 15 (3) repealed. 25, ss. 1 (3), 2 (2),

6, Sch.

9 Edw. 7:

c. 4 Indian Councils - S. 3 (1) applied; Sch. I. am. 6, ss. 2, 4 (1),

and rep. in part. Sch.

c. 33 Wild Animals in Captivity Repealed - 14, 8.15(2), Sch.

(s.). II.

10 Edw. 7. c. 8 -1 & 2 Geo. 5:Finance - S. 2 (3), Sch. I. amended; s. 61 (5) rep. in part. 8, ss. 3, 9.

c. 4 Aerial Navigation Amended - 22, ss. 1, 2.

c. 24 Pensions (Governors of Dominions, Ac.). S. 5 (1) amended - 26, s. 1.

174 Effect of Legislation.

[2 & 3 Geo. 5.

---

[Short Title.]

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or - How affected. - Chapter of 2 & 3 Geo. 5.

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

c. 27 - Protection of Animals - S. 1 (1) amended - 17, s. 1.

c. 48 - Finance - S. 1 continued; s. 19 repealed - 8, ss. 1, 9.

c. 54 - Shops - Repealed - 3, s. 22 (3).

2 Geo. 5. c. 3 - Shops - S. 1 amended - 24, s. 1.

[List of acts in classes removed.]

[Index Removed.]

